Opinion
Diplomatic offensive needed , not offensive diplomacy
First , to give a little of our biases - well , backgrounds - we are a daughter of a Holocaust survivor and a citizen of the first country to open an embassy with Armenia ( France ) and both strong supporters of human rights .
That being said , why would two international relations scholars not usually supportive of the Bush administration 's foreign policies strongly oppose the " Affirmation of the United States Record on the Armenian Genocide Resolution House Resolution 106 " ?
Because the United States is at war - whether we like it or not .
The United States has two active military operations in the region of Turkey and Iraq , scant supporters and mixed success .
Since the invasion of Iraq in 2003 , our relationship with several of our traditional allies has been strained .
Additionally , opposition groups have gained funding as well as local support .
This can be documented through shifts in voting records , polls and blogs in the Western world as well as in the Middle East .
Among our allies in the conflict in Iraq and Afghanistan , the United States has heavily relied on the Turks , our NATO partners .
The Turks have let the American forces use their territory as forward - operating bases and supply routes .
More importantly , the Turks are working alongside American troops in Afghanistan as part of the NATO .
Conversely , we have developed a productive alliance with the Kurdish population of northern Iraq , the most stable part of that country since 2003 .
This is the crux of the problem in a nutshell .
The Turks do not want to see an independent Kurdistan , which would include the Iraqi region of Kirkuk .
This area is rich in oil and water that could become a legitimate political platform for the Kurdistan Workers Party or as it is known the PKK ( Partiya Karkerên Kurdistan ) .
Meanwhile , the Kurds as well as the rest of the Iraqi groups , be they Sunni or Shiite , fear direct involvement by Turkey will occur in the region if the PKK continue their insurgency .
Oh , and then there 's that little thorny issue of past history - both the Persian and the Ottoman empires have laid claims to Iraq and there is certainly still an emotional link for both countries regarding this territory .
This is why the situation has reached a level of strategic urgency .
Turkey is already in hot pursuit of PKK members designated as terrorists in northern Iraq and has moved to legalize a full - fledged military incursion based on the inherent sovereign right of self - defense , which is legal under international law .
The potential of military conflict between Iraq and Turkey over the Kurdish issue should push the United States to employ the utmost in diplomatic finesse ( not that that has been our strong suit lately ) in dealing with all the groups with vested interests in the region .
HR106 antagonizes the Turks .
Indeed , the Turkish Chief General , Yasar Buyukanit , said in the Turkish press on Oct. 17 , " Whether we want it or not , if the bill is approved at the Congress , it is not possible for our military relations to be same as before . " ( www.Turkishpress.com)
As a result , the Turkish government has said it will feel compelled to cut off supply routes to Iraq and Afghanistan and potentially limit Turkish support for U.S. interests in NATO .
If these consequences are n't dire enough , the resolution could also have the long - term impact of permanently harming our strategic partnership with the West - friendly Turkish democracy .
And , to top it off , there is the issue of oil and water access and pipeline routes in the area , which are strategically vital resources .
As President Bush stated and we emphatically agree , " We all deeply regret the tragic suffering of the Armenian people that began in 1915 .
This resolution is not the right response to these historic mass killings , and its passage would do great harm to our relations with a key ally in NATO and in the global war on terror . "
Meanwhile , the resolution while legally , ethically and morally accurate , does n't offer much more than a rhetorical acknowledgment of horrific acts committed on Armenians .
If doing the right thing at the wrong time is considered courageous , then some might say that we are offering a cowardly opinion .
Ultimately , what needs to be understood is if we do this for domestic political reasons , then people on the ground in our military operations overseas could get hurt .
Is it morally right to potentially put in harms way our troops currently engaged in combat ?
It is not the right time in the United States , and perhaps not even the right venue , for this human tragedy to be given a proper reckoning .
Has insomnia and watches a late night TV commercial for " Nappien , " which " wo n't cause foot - fattening or elbow stink . "
Takes expired medication he finds in a neighbor 's trash .
When Marge tells him to stop , he says , " But Marge , what if I 'm not getting enough ... [ glances at label ] ... estrogen ! "
Invents a drink — the Flaming Homer , a.k.a. the Flaming Moe — in which the main ingredient is children 's cough syrup .
Gets the entire town of Springfield high when he distributes a beverage made from carrots and peyote .
Takes another man 's medications while visiting his father in the nursing home .
Grandpa comments , " The pink ones keep you from screaming . "
Gets high on cleaning - chemical fumes and hallucinates that he 's being attacked by Scrubbing Bubbles , Mr. Clean , and other characters .
As he and Ned Flanders drive to Las Vegas , they pass a car driven by a warped and hallucinating Hunter S. Thompson as drawn by Ralph Steadman .
Complains about blatant false advertising as he storms out of a housewares store called " Stoner 's Pot Palace . "
Is told by Mettalica to never listen to their music again , ostensibly for being a druggie .
Mistakenly answers this true - or - false question while practicing for his driving test .
" Alcohol improves your ability to concentrate . "
Attends the Broadway play Kickin '
It , " a musical journey through the Betty Ford Center , " with the kids during a trip to New York .
, " a musical journey through the Betty Ford Center , " with the kids during a trip to New York .
Is maliciously portrayed in a political ad as saying " Now it 's time to do some coke off the blade of a knife ... "
Has a false - positive test for crack and PCP after taking a parenting course .
Confesses to being high on LSD , " love for my son and daughters . "
Checks into a rehab clinic herself after excessive drinking with Homer .
Becomes addicted to " Trucker 's Choice " brand speed , a gift from Bart .
Has LSD - like hallucinations featuring
The Beatles after receiving nitrous oxide at the dentist 's office .
Later in the same episode , the entire family gets high when the dentist accidentally leaves the gas on .
Comments to Bart that the air at a Hullabalooza music festival " smells like Otto 's jacket , " a reference to their pot-smoking school bus driver ( see below ) .
Comments that the pot smoke emanating from Homer 's room " smells like the art teacher 's office . "
Gets drunk on beer during a St. Patrick 's Day parade .
Asks Marge to pick up some " Flintstones chewable morphine " when he gets the flu .
has relied as heavily on drug humor asdid on " Whatchoo talkin ' about , Willis . "
Ranging from binge drinking to marijuana use to LSD - like hallucinations , all the members of the Simpson clan — and a great many other residents of Springfield — have enjoyed a wide variety of drug - induced exploits .
Even The Simpson 's Movie included at least one instance of Homer craving something psychotropic , saying , " More , please ! " to an Indian chief 's flaming brew .
So let 's re-cap some of the " high " points of what is arguably the world 's foremost pop culture institution .
Drug blog Dosenation.com calls it a highlight of The Simpsons ' " nods and winks to the drug - using populace . "
Exquisitely crafted in theme and form , this segment could be seen as the ultimate tribute to the psychedelic drug experience , complete with self - discovery , adventure and even an animal guide ( a coyote with the voice of Johnny Cash ) .
We imagine The Simpsons writers are especially proud of this 1999 episode .
Notice when Homer first swallows the psychotropic pepper , he says , " More , please " — the exact line he's now using in the new movie 's trailer .
Maybe the writers are sending a secret signal to all Homer 's fans in the drug culture :
He 's still a druggie after all these years .
Homer gets a prescription for marijuana .
Marge is troubled , the kids bemused , but Homer , who indulges as expected , is also conflicted .
His remedy : " Do as I say , not as I do .
" In other episodes , Homer ... And of course , Homer 's fondness for Duff beer is legendary .
About as straightforward as possible — even in Spanish — and without any apology .
Otto the bus driver is portrayed as smoking pot while driving the kids to school .
In other episodes , Otto ... Marge Simpson hallucinates that the walls are melting , and that a roasting turkey is talking to her , after she drinks tainted tap water .
( Shown here in an extra - trippy version that was redubbed for foreign markets . )
In other episodes , Marge ... Lisa has LSD - like hallucinations after drinking the water while on a ride at Duff Gardens .
Proclaims , " I can see the music , " and " I am the lizard queen ! "
( Homer had been binging on an enormous sandwich he'd brought home from the company picnic , and sent her to the park with her Aunt Selma . )
In other episodes , Lisa ... Bart Drinks " malk " at school , " now with vitamin R " ( a slang term for Ritalin ) .
In other episodes , Bart ... And in 1990 , federal " drug czar " William Bennett made headlines when he warned patients at a drug treatment center that watching The Simpsons was " not going to help you . "
( He 'd spotted a Bart Simpson poster on the wall that said " Underachiever — and proud of it . " )
Later when he made a conciliatory offer to sit down and talk to Bart , Matt Groening issued a counter - statement on behalf of Bart .
"
If our drug czar thinks he 's going to have a conversation with a cartoon character , he must be smoking something .
" Do you have a favorite Simpsons drug reference ?
Tell us which ones we overlooked in the comments .
By David John Marotta
If your credit card minimum payment was $ 10 and you repaid it every month for 15 1/ 2 years with an accruing interest of 15.9 % , a $ 1,000 purchase would end up costing $ 2,250 .
Every time you use your credit card to pay for something you risk it being marked up two and a half times the normal sales price .
Over time , that $ 10 T - shirt cost you $ 22.50 !
Whenever you use your credit card , imagine that two and a half times the price of what you are buying will be deducted from your account over the next decade .
Students assume that they can run up a credit card bill because it will be easy to pay it off after they graduate when they get a high paying job .
But the larger your debt the longer it takes to pay off that debt using minimum payments .
The average student graduates with about $ 7,000 in credit card debt .
They assume that $ 7,000 will be easily wiped away with their first high paying job .
Being burdened with $ 7,000 in credit card debt after graduation costs nearly $ 20,000 and can stretch nearly forty years to erase with minimum payments .
Just when you should be saving and investing that $ 20,000 , growing rich or buying your own home you are stuck with unfinished and unneeded college debt .
Whenever you casually reach for your credit card during college , visualize the choice between having the down payment on owning your own home or making that purchase .
Studies have linked accumulating credit card debt to psychological stress that increases the likelihood of dropping out of school and suicide .
Students find themselves ill - equipped to handle the anxiety of mounting collection agencies alongside their course of studies .
Studies have also shown that a college degree is worth over a million dollars in increased lifetime earnings .
Do n’t sacrifice the million dollar benefits of an education on the frivolous purchases of a credit card .
Every time you reach for a credit card image that credit card hanging on your wall instead of your diploma .
It could cost you a million dollars to frame it .
The years after college and before children are the best time in your life to save .
But you lose time and squander your resources if you enter the marketplace with credit card debt .
Your high school and college years are the prime years for funding your Roth IRA .
If you use a credit card , but do n’t fully fund your Roth IRA each year , you have a credit card problem .
Unlike a traditional IRA , you contribute to a Roth IRA after taxes , it grows tax free , and then in retirement you can make tax free withdrawals .
Because the money is contributed after taxes , it is best to fund an IRA while you are a poor college student working summers and part time and still in a low tax bracket .
Contributing $ 2,000 a year to your Roth IRA during high school and college is better than starting to contribute during your first year after college and continuing for the remainder of your life .
Every seven years you wait to fund your Roth IRA you cut in half the standard of living you will have in your retirement .
With normal market returns , after seven years of $ 2,000 a year contributions your Roth IRA will be appreciating at a rate of more than $ 2,000 a year , without any additional contributions .
At normal market rates of return , that $ 14,000 contribution during high school and college will ultimately grow to more than $ 2 million dollars by age 67 and more than $ 4 million dollars by age 73 .
Whenever you look at prices in a store or restaurant , imagine taking the decimal out in front of the cents .
That is how much tax free income you are losing in retirement by not contributing to your Roth IRA .
And by age 85 you could add another zero .
The $ 8.50 lunch costs you $ 850 at age 63 and $ 8,500 by age 85 .
If you do n’t think you have any problems with your use of credit cards , but you have n’t been saving and fully funding your Roth IRA , you have a problem with your use of credit cards .
Every time you go to use your credit card ask yourself if you ’ve fully funded your Roth IRA for the year .
If you have n’t , put the credit card right back in your wallet .
All debt is not equal .
Credit card debt is bad debt .
Student loans are good debt .
Good debt is anything that last longer than it does to pay the loan back .
Good debt is investing in things that will pay you more money than the debt costs .
An education is good debt because it will increase your income , satisfaction in life , and longevity .
Credit card debt is bad debt .
Bad debt is anything that you can wear , eat or drink .
Always pay cash for these items .
If you do , what you wear , eat and drink will be healthier and less expensive .
The next time you pull out your credit card for any of these items imagine wearing , eating or drinking $ 20 dollar bills .
Use these visualization techniques to stem your excessive use of credit .
Alternately , just leave your credit card locked in your dorm room .
Life ’s too short to let it get sucked dry by credit cards .
David John Marotta works at Marotta Asset Management , Inc. of Charlottesville which provides fee - only financial planning and asset management .
Image courtesy of Esther17
The move is apparently an attempt to ensure that fatwas issued by authorised scholars are given prominence .
Visitors to the new website will be able to ask questions on various topics and get replies from the Council of Senior Ulema ( Islamic scholars ) .
Saudi Arabia is an absolute monarchy governed according to a conservative interpretation of Islamic Sharia law .
' Fatwa chaos '
A section of the Saudi site is devoted to the former head of the council , Sheikh Abdul Aziz bin Baz .
Sheikh bin Baz , who died in 1999 , was known for issuing controversial religious rulings .
In 1991 , he issued a fatwa prohibiting women from driving cars .
The religious establishment in Egypt has been considering a similar move to publicise official fatwas .
Last month , the head of Egypt 's prestigious Al - Azhar University , Ahmed al - Tayeb , said he wanted to establish a satellite TV station dedicated to broadcasting authorised rulings .
The situation at present , he said , was fatwa chaos , with Muslim scholars issuing rulings that clash with the official line of the religious establishment , spreading confusion .
This page uses frames , but your browser does not support them .
Researchers have shown how tiny " nanorods " of gold can be triggered by a laser beam to blast holes in the membranes of tumor cells , setting in motion a complex biochemical mechanism that leads to a tumor cell 's self - destruction .
Tumor cell membranes often have an abnormally high number of receptor sites to capture molecules of folic acid , or folate , a form of vitamin B that many tumor cells crave .
The Purdue researchers attached folate to the gold nanorods , enabling them to target the receptors and attach to the tumor cell membranes .
" The cells are then illuminated with light in the near - infrared range , " said Ji-Xin Cheng ( pronounced Gee- Shin ) , an assistant professor in Purdue 's Weldon School of Biomedical Engineering .
" This light can easily pass through tissue but is absorbed by the nanorods and converted rapidly into heat , leading to miniature explosions on the cell surface . "
Scientists have recently determined that gold nanorods and other nanostructures can be used to target and destroy tumor cells , but it was generally assumed that cell death was due to the high heat produced by the light - absorbing nanoparticles .
The Purdue team discovered , however , that a more complex biochemical scenario is responsible for killing the cells .
" We have found that rather than cooking the cells to death , the nanorods first punch holes in the membrane , and cell death is then chemically induced , in this case by an influx of calcium , " said Alexander Wei , an associate professor of chemistry at Purdue .
Findings are detailed in a research paper appearing Oct. 19 in the journal Advanced Materials .
The paper , which appeared online last week , was written by doctoral students Ling Tong , Yan Zhao , Terry B. Huff and Matthew N. Hansen , along with Wei and Cheng .
The gold rods are less than 15 nanometers wide and 50 nanometers long , or roughly 200 times smaller than a red blood cell .
Their small size is critical for the technology 's potential medical applications : the human immune system quickly clears away particles larger than 100 nanometers , whereas smaller nanoparticles can remain in the bloodstream far longer .
Shining light on the gold nanorods causes them to become extremely hot , ionizing the molecules around them .
" This generates a plasma bubble that lasts for about a microsecond , in a process known as cavitation , " Wei said .
" Every cavitation event is like a tiny bomb .
Then suddenly , you have a gaping hole where the nanorod was . "
The gold nanorods also are ideal for a type of optical imaging known as two - photon luminescence , used by Cheng and his research group to monitor the position of nanorods in real time during tumor - cell targeting .
The imaging technique provides higher contrast and brighter images than conventional fluorescent imaging methods .
In experiments with tumor cells in laboratory cultures , the nanorods attached to the cell membranes and were eventually taken up into the cells .
The researchers found that it could take far less power to injure cells by exposing the nanorods to near - infrared light while they are still on the membrane surface instead of waiting until the nanorods are internalized .
" This means that if you wait until the nanorods are inside the cell , then you really have to pump up the laser power , so localizing the nanorods on the cell membrane strongly influences their ability to inflict cell damage , " Cheng said .
The findings suggest an optimal window of opportunity for applying near - infrared light to the nanorods for cancer treatment .
" We like to believe this opens the possibility of using nanorods for biomedical imaging as well as for therapeutic purposes , " Cheng said .
The Purdue researchers observed that light - absorbing nanorods cause the formation of membrane " blebs , " similar to severe blistering .
These blisters , however , are not produced directly by the high heat generated by the nanorods .
" The blebbing is triggered by the nanorods , but it 's really caused through a complex biochemical pathway - a chemically induced process , " Cheng said .
" Extra calcium gets into the cell and triggers enzyme activity , which causes the infrastructure inside the cell to become loose , and that gives rise to the membrane blebs . "
Researchers used a calcium - sensitive fluorescent dye to back up their argument that calcium influx caused the tumor cell death .
When the nanorod - bearing tumor cells were maintained in a calcium - free nutrient medium , no blisters were formed if the nanorods were exposed to near - infrared light .
But when the researchers added calcium to the medium , the blebbing took place immediately .
Although the technique offers promise for a new cancer treatment , it is too early to determine when it could be in clinical use , said Wei , who is collaborating with the National Cancer Institute to determine the suitability of the functionalized gold nanorods for future clinical studies .
Source : Purdue University
Explore further Light and nanoparticles against cancer
Glenn Research Center , Cleveland
216-433-2406
katherine.martin@grc.nasa.gov
Katherine K. MartinGlenn Research Center , Cleveland216-433-2406
RELEASE : 07-038
NASA 's Ion Engine Breaks Performance Record
Cleveland -
An ion engine prototype developed at NASA 's Glenn Research Center has now accumulated more than 12,000 hours of operation and processed over 245 kilograms of xenon , setting a record for most propellant throughput ever demonstrated by an ion engine .
The engine is the critical component of NASA 's Evolutionary Xenon Thruster ( NEXT ) system , which uses xenon gas and solar electric power to drive future robotic science spacecraft to distant asteroids , comets , planets and their moons .
The propellant throughput achieved exceeds the previous record of 235 kilograms demonstrated by the 30,000 hour ground life test of the spare Deep Space 1 engine .
Additionally , the ion engine has demonstrated over 10 million Newton - seconds total impulse , the highest total impulse ever demonstrated by an ion engine in the history of space propulsion .
" Total impulse is the product of the engine 's thrust and firing duration and is a direct measure of its capability to perform missions , " according the Mike Patterson , Glenn 's NEXT principal investigator .
" This test validates NEXT technology for a wide range of NASA solar system exploration missions , as well as the potential for Earth - space commercial ventures .
" Today 's chemical propulsion systems get their big boost and then coast at constant speed until the next boost .
An ion engine can produce its small thrust continually and thereby provide near constant acceleration and shorter travel times .
Ion propulsion is also ten times more fuel efficient than chemical onboard propulsion systems .
This greater efficiency means less propellant is needed for a mission .
Spacecraft can then be smaller and lighter , with lower launch costs .
The NEXT engine builds on the success of NASA 's Solar Electric Propulsion Technology Applications Readiness ( NSTAR ) thruster , which successfully propelled NASA 's Deep Space 1 mission .
It will more than triple the power level achievable with NSTAR while increasing efficiency and system performance characteristics .
" The NEXT engine performance remains constant and the wear rates of critical thruster components are consistent with model predictions estimating throughput capability , " said Daniel Herman , aerospace engineer overseeing the ion engine testing at Glenn .
" Achieving this throughput milestone is critical in demonstrating the readiness of NEXT for mission opportunities in the next few years , " said Scott Benson , Glenn 's NEXT project manager .
The NEXT project is developing most of the components necessary for an ion propulsion system , including the thruster , power processing unit , xenon feed system , gimbal and associated algorithms and controller hardware .
These components can be combined in a range of system configurations to best meet any particular mission 's needs .
Glenn has led development of the NEXT system since 2002 .
Other members of the NEXT team include NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory , Pasadena , Calif . ; Aerojet , Redmond , Wash . ; and L - 3 Communications Electron Technologies , Torrance , Calif .
The NEXT project is being conducted under the In - Space Propulsion Technology Program , managed by NASA 's Science Mission Directorate in Washington and implemented by Glenn .
For more information about NEXT , visit :
http://www.grc.nasa.gov/WWW/ion/present/next.htm
For more information about Glenn , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/glenn
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA Glenn Research Center news releases are available automatically by sending an Internet electronic mail message to :
grc-subscribe@newsletters.nasa.gov
Leave the subject and body blank .
The system will reply with a confirmation via e-mail of each subscription .
You must reply to that message to begin your subscription .
To unsubscribe , address an e-mail message to :
grc- unsubscribe@newsletters.nasa.gov
Leave the subject and body blank .
This is a 1:50 scale model of Lego Towers , a proposed housing development for Copenhagen &mdash made of Lego .
Designed by the Bjarke Ingels Group , this time - lapse video was shot over five weeks .
Photos , plus how many bricks were needed to make the model , are after the jump .
Advertisement
Two hundred and fifty thousand .
[ Bjarke Ingels Group via Dezeen ]
Panic buying swept through the streets of Zimbabwe yesterday , as stores ran out of basic goods and shopkeepers complained that they were selling goods at a loss after the government ordered prices to be halved in a last - ditch effort to tackle hyper-inflation .
Shoppers desperate to restock in a country ravaged by shortages cleared out supermarkets in the capital , Harare , and Bulawayo , where shelves were bare of essential items such as maize meal , cooking oil , sugar , milk , soap , bread , chicken , beef and other items .
" I am selling goods at less than what I paid for them .
I am selling bread at less than what it costs to bake it , " a distraught Harare shopowner said , pleading for anonymity so as to avoid government retribution .
" I am following the government 's orders .
Army soldiers came here this morning to check prices .
Mugabe has threatened to seize any business that does not do what he says .
I do n't know how long this can continue . "
Inflation is currently estimated at 10,000 % and rising .
Armed soldiers and the youth militia are patrolling shops and open - air markets to enforce President Robert Mugabe 's price controls .
More than 200 retailers have been charged with crimes of charging more than the official prices , police confirmed yesterday .
By making it uneconomic to produce and sell goods and food , Mr Mugabe risks further damaging the country 's limping economy , which has shrunk by 50 % over the past seven years .
Economists warn the move will not control inflation but will simply push goods on to the thriving black market .
Analysts say many companies and industries could go bankrupt , adding to Zimbabwe 's unemployment , which is already estimated at 80 % .
" Whatever money we have , we are using it to buy goods , " said John Katsvete , a Harare engineer .
" The shops are very busy .
People are buying but it is not a happy atmosphere .
They are buying out of panic . "
The government ordered that cement must sell at Z$ 150,000 , 10 times lower than the Z$ 1.5 m it sold for last week .
Mr Mugabe 's youth brigade - known as the Green Bombers for the colour of their paramilitary uniforms and the chaos they stir up - stormed a building supply store and found the owner was storing 1,000 bags of cement in the back , reported the state - controlled Herald newspaper yesterday .
The youth militia forced him to put it on sale immediately .
The price cuts were announced last week after Mr Mugabe gave a vitriolic speech in which he threatened to take over any business or mine that does not adhere to his policies .
" This nonsense of price escalations must come to an end , " he said , adding that his government would not be undermined by businesses using " British tactics " .
" We will nationalise them if they continue with their dirty tricks , " he said .
Following the speech the government ordered prices to be cut in half or more .
Vice - president Joseph Msika vowed that price controls would be enhanced .
" If anything , government wants to see prices further reduce , " he said , acting as president while Mr Mugabe was in Accra , Ghana , for the African Union summit .
" Those found on the wrong side of the law will be punished severely , " Mr Msika told state radio .
" We will take their businesses , we will take their licences .
They have raised prices to a level the people cannot afford so they must die in agony with hunger . "
Elliot Manyika , head of a government taskforce on prices , accused businesses of deliberately fuelling inflation as a strategy to topple the Mugabe government .
" The campaign is political and our detractors through business and industry have been trying to bring down the government the Yugoslavia way .
We have a real war - we will overcome them , " Mr Manyika told the Herald yesterday .
He said all state - owned enterprises , including Air Zimbabwe , the national railways , the electricity supply utility and the telephone company , have been ordered to cut fares and charges .
A long defunct state trading company is being revived to take over businesses that collapse or are seized if they are found to be " delinquent " in their manufacturing or retailing operations .
The actual level of inflation is unclear as the government has not released its figures for June .
The official rate for May of 4,500 % is said by economists and major businesses to be far below the actual rate of 10,000 % .
Many have predicted that inflation will soar , including the American ambassador to Harare , who forecast that inflation would hit 1,500,000 % before the end of 2007 .
Mr Mugabe 's chaotic and violent seizures of white - owned farms provoked a collapse of the agricultural sector that has left poor black farmers even worse off than before , according to agricultural experts .
The UN estimates that one - third of Zimbabwe 's 12 million people will need food aid over the next year .
Crisis in numbers :
Number of retailers police have so far charged with over - pricing : 200
Estimate of the unemployment rate before the latest crisis : 80 %
Number of Zimbabweans who may need food aid next year , says UN : 4m
QR Code Link to This Post
I have something I need to get off my chest .
While it 's been fun , the kissing and making out and such , something 's got to give .
You see , I know the minute you start talking about how you " like girls , too " , or " think about women a lot " that you 're eventually going to ask me to kiss you .
I do n't mind this at all .
In fact , I generally enjoy it .
Where I start having a problem is when I try to decide justyou are .
I mean , I 've been there , drunk that is .
And I 've been taken advantage of a time or two in that inebriated state .
And while I 'll be the first to admit I can be a real asshole at times , I try not to take advantage of other people .
I consider nailing a girl who 's had a few too many " taking advantage " .
Even if she acts like that 's what she wants .
Even if she drunk dials me an hour later .
You know you did n't leave anything in my car .
I 'm just asking for a little help here .
So today , while you 're relatively sober , this is what I want you to do :
Give me written permission .
That 's right , put it on paper .
Say " I ( fill in the blank ) , being of sound and sober mind , give permission to the next hot dyke I hit on to nail me soundly .
Sincerely , ( fill in the blank again ) . "
Then make sure you take it with you the next time you head out to get shit - faced .
It 's that simple .
It will make me feel better about doing what I want to do anyway , which is you .
Sincerely , An ethical , but sexually frustrated queer
Please go back and change your search
Please enter some search criteria .
You can go Back in your browser and try again .
Obama a distant cousin to Cheney , Bush
David Edwards and Jason Rhyne
Published : Wednesday October 17 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
Vice President Dick Cheney and aspiring Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama may not share a political philosophy , but they do share a family tree .
The vice president 's wife , Lynne , said during an interview with MSNBC on Tuesday that her husband and Obama were eighth cousins , a fact she discovered while researching family ancestry for her new memoir .
 This is such an amazing American story that one ancestor ... could be responsible down the family lines for lives that have taken such different and varied paths as Dicks and Barack Obama ,  she said .
Ginny Justice , a spokeswoman for Mrs. Cheney , told MSNBC that Obama is a descendant of French Huguenot Mareen Duvall , whose son wed the granddaughter of the Englishman Richard Cheney in the 1600's .
Fox News on Wednesday also cited a report last month in the Chicago Sun-Times , which indicated Obama also had a distant genealogical connection to President Bush .
The two are 11th cousins , according to the paper .
" Every time some new president gets installed -- elected to the United States presidency -- somebody does the whole lineage and , invariably , it leads back to the Queen of England , " said Fox and Friends co-host Steve Doocy .
" Everybody 's always related to the Queen of England . "
An Obama spokesman commented that " every family has a black sheep . "
The following video is from Fox 's Fox & Friends , broadcast on October 17 , 2007 .
Published online 4 May 2007 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news070430-14
News
Patent for technology to fire genes into soy seeds thrown out .
Opponents complained that Monsanto had too broad a patent on GM soybeans .
Punchstock
The European Patent Office ( EPO ) has revoked a patent owned by global agricultural giant Monsanto for the genetic modification ( GM ) of soybeans , saying the technique it approved 13 years ago lacked " novelty " .
The technique , which describes a way of creating any kind of GM soybean without reference to the specific genes being introduced , has helped make Monsanto the dominant force in GM soybeans — the company owns nearly 90 % of the global market .
Opponents complained that the patent gave Monsanto de facto control over all GM soybeans , and have been fighting against it since it was granted in 1994 .
At a hearing on 3 May , the EPO revoked the patent .
The board 's decision is final , says Rainer Osterwalder , spokesman for the EPO , with no further appeals available .
The decision will no doubt have an impact on other GM technology patents , Osterwalder told Nature .
" Case law is important , " he says .
But the patent was due to expire in 2008 anyway .
A spokesperson for Monsanto says : " We do not expect this decision to have an impact on Monsanto 's business . "
The EPO will not issue a detailed written explanation of the legal basis of its decision for three to six months , Osterwalder says .
Firing line
The application for the soybean patent was first submitted in 1988 by US biotech company Agracetus under the title ' Particle - mediated transformation of soybean plants and lines ' .
The technique , dubbed a ' particle gun ' , involves introducing foreign genes into regenerable soybean tissues by coating on carrier particles , which are physically accelerated into plant tissues .
The tissues are then recovered and regenerated into whole sexually mature plants .
The progeny are recovered from seed set by these plants ; a portion will contain in their genome the foreign gene .
This idea was actively researched by several teams during the 1980s , one of which was the team at Agracetus , according to Ricarda Steinbrecher , a molecular geneticist at the Oxford - based non-profit science watchdog group EcoNexus .
Steinbrecher , who served as a scientific expert at the hearing in Munich , notes another use of the technique on onions1 in 1987 was cited in the EPO hearing as an example that others were working on the technology .
Osterwalder notes that GM technology was much less developed then than it is now , and patents in the field were new .
" Guidelines are now better developed on whether to grant or refuse these patents , " he says ; a higher percentage of GM plant patents are now refused than in the past .
Not the usual suspects
The original patent approval was opposed by a strange mix of groups , including the Canadian environmental group ETC and a long list of big agribusiness firms involved in GM research .
One of the opposing firms was Monsanto , which dropped its opposition in 1996 after acquiring Agracetus , thus becoming owner of the patent .
Christoph
Then , a GM expert at Greenpeace Germany , which cooperated with ETC in opposing the patent , was at this week 's hearing in Munich .
He says representatives from the Swiss agribusiness firm Syngenta provided some of the strongest arguments against the patent .
ADVERTISEMENT
It is " a little strange " , he admits , for Greenpeace and ETC — which are generally opposed to the use of GM soybeans — to be arguing the same side as Syngenta , a manufacturer of GM crops .
It was also unusual , adds Then , for Greenpeace to be arguing a case that would effectively give other companies more unrestricted access to GM technologies .
Then says Greenpeace is strongly opposed to any patent that would give a company basic control over a plant species and allow them to restrict access to technology .
" For us , this patent was highly symbolic , " he says .
Visit our patentrejectedafter13_ye.html " > newsblog to read and post comments about this story .
Australian researchers have pinpointed a key cause of type 2 diabetes , in a study they say has brought them closer to developing a simpler , more effective treatment for the disease .
The scientists at Sydney 's Garvan Institute say their discovery is a major step forward in the treatment of the disease , which affects about 7 per cent of Australia 's population .
The team has identified an enzyme in diabetics as the active agent that blocks the production of insulin , which is a hormone that helps the pancreas convert blood - sugar into energy .
Current treatments try to control insulin levels but do not address the reasons why insulin production is failing .
But the team 's leader , Trevor Biden , says the next step will be to work with pharmaceutical companies to develop a drug to block the enzyme , known as PKCepsilon , allowing cells in the pancreas to function normally .
" What we 've identified is a target that we can now latch onto to get therapy , but the journey from target to tablet of course is a long one , " he said .
" It 's probably going to take another 10 years at least to get something that 's effective in humans . "
Study
In their study , the researchers used genetically modified mice to observe the link between an oversupply of fat and type 2 diabetes .
They found mice without the enzyme did not develop diabetes , despite gaining weight on a high - fat diet .
In a statement , Garvan Institute researcher Dr Carsten Schmitz - Peiffer says the discovery is groundbreaking .
" What this tells us is that we will be able to protect people at high risk of developing diabetes from losing the ability to produce insulin ... " he said .
" It 's like slotting in a critical part of a jigsaw puzzle , a part that suddenly makes the whole picture much clearer . "
Around 200 million people worldwide suffer from type 2 diabetes , which is often linked to obesity .
There is an interesting , if predictable , piece up on the BBC website devoted to investigating whether there is any ‘ consensus ’ among the various contrarians on why climate change is n’t happening ( or if it is , it is n’t caused by human activity or if it is why it wo n’t be important , or if it is important , why nothing can be done etc. ) .
Bottom line ?
The only thing they appear to agree about is that nothing should be done , but they have a multitude of conflicting reasons why .
Hmm …
The journalist , Richard Black , put together a top 10 list of sceptic arguments he gathered from emailing the 61 signers of a Canadian letter .
While these are n’t any different in substance to the ones routinely debunked here ( and here and here ) , this list comes with the imprimatur of Fred Singer – the godfather to the sceptic movement , and recent convert from the view that it ’s been cooling since 1940 to the idea that global warming is now unstoppable .
Thus these are the arguments ( supposedly ) that are the best that the contrarians have to put forward .
Alongside each of these talking points , is a counter - point from the mainstream ( full disclosure , I helped Richard edit some of those ) .
In truth though , I was a little disappointed at how lame their ‘ top 10 ’ arguments were .
In order , they are : false , a cherry pick , a red herring , false , false , false , a red herring , a red herring , false and a strawman .
They even used the ‘ grapes grew in medieval England ’ meme that you ’d think they ’d have abandoned already given that more grapes are grown in England now than ever before ( see here ) .
Another commonplace untruth is the claim that water vapour is ‘ 98 % of the greenhouse effect ’ – it ’s just not .
So why do the contrarians still use arguments that are blatantly false ?
I think the most obvious reason is that they are simply not interested ( as a whole ) in providing a coherent counter story .
If science has one overriding principle , it is that you should adjust your thinking in the light of new information and discoveries – the contrarians continued use of old , tired and discredited arguments demonstrates their divorce from the scientific process more clearly than any densely argued rebuttal .
During 2006 , euro area trade recorded a deficit of 8.2 bn 1 euro , compared to a surplus of 16.2 bn in 2005 .
The EU25 recorded a deficit of 172.6 bn in 2006 , compared with - 111.8 bn in 2005 .
On February 16th , the Eurostat released its first assessment of external trade balances for 2006 ( pdf ) , making clear that energy is imposing an important burden on the Union ’s economy .
They key figures :
The trade balance of a country is calculated as the amount of money earned in all products exported minus the amount of money spent in all products imported .
If the result is positive the country shows a healthy economy where a money surplus provides for an increase in social standards .
By the contrary , a negative result means a faltering economy that loses money , putting at risk the current life standard ; in such case the problem can be mitigated be attracting foreign investment or borrowing money , but it is never a desirable situation .
A growing trade deficit is a scenario that if not properly and timely addressed , is unsustainable , eventually translating into the loss of individual purchase power and of the overall life standard .
The Eurostat ’s news release focus on November and December of 2006 , makes the first estimate for 2006 as a whole and portraits detailed results for the January – November of 2006 period .
This is probably the worst external trade balance since the Euro currency came to be , and there ’s no mistake why :
The [ EU25 ] energy deficit grew strongly ( - 259.7 bn euro in January - November 2006 compared with - 202.3 bn in January - November 2005 ) , while the surpluses rose in the chemicals sector ( +72.4 bn compared with +64.9 bn ) and for machinery and vehicles ( +103.4 bn compared with +91.2 bn ) .
The energy trade deficit rose 25 % in a single year ; at this rate it will top 500 bn € before 2010 .
And the overall picture is not so bad because in the other sectors ( transformation industries ) there were positive balances .
This increase in industrial activity brought some economic growth reflected on an overall trade increase :
EU25 trade flows with its major partners grew .
The most notable increases were for exports to Russia ( +27 % in January - November 2006 compared with January - November 2005 ) , China ( + 24 % ) , Norway and India ( both +14 % ) , and for imports from Russia ( +27 % ) , China and Norway ( both +21 % ) , and India ( +19 % ) .
Again , large figures , indicating which foreign partners will dominate future external trade .
And of course Norway and Russia are here present mainly as energy suppliers .
Individual figures for major partners are provided :
External Trade balances with key partners , January – November
( values in bn €)
2006 2005 USA 84.6 80.9 Switzerland 14.0 15.3 South Korea - 14.4 - 12.2 Japan - 28.8 - 27.4 Norway - 38.0 - 29.4 Russia - 61.2 - 48.0 China - 117.1 -97.4
The picture is only improving with the United States , a partner that could go into recession in the coming months .
In that case the deficit can only worsen , with the trade flow across the Atlantic cooling down .
The news release also contains figures for the individual states with more weight on the overall balance :
Trade balances in individual states , January – November 2006
( values in bn €)
Germany 151.0 Netherlands 33.0 Ireland 29.9 Sweden 15.2 Italy - 20.5 Greece - 31.2 France - 31.9 Spain - 81.4 United Kingdom - 116.6
At the bottom of the table is the United Kingdom , which is ironically the EU ’s largest oil producer .
As reported by Chris , the country is failing to adapt to its depletion rates , digging very rapidly an energy gap that translates into a three digit bn € trade deficit .
Changes are needed fast to invert the trend ; the role that an independent currency might have or have not in that is yet to be seen .
But the toughest cases are those of Spain and Greece , which although have a lower deficit in volume , represent smaller economies meaning a higher deficit compared to GDP ( or on a per capita basis ) .
Spain in particular might be headed for rough times , with one million new homes being built presently and a policy of low taxes on petroleum products - a recipe for trouble .
Other states not mentioned might also be in trouble , like Portugal , which has a trade deficit not far from that of Italy , for a much smaller economy and population .
In the last few months Europe has been experiencing some economic growth , which is also observable on a year ’s end trade balance recovery .
This seems to be an exceptional period where oil prices dropped ( lowering import costs ) and so the euro currency against the dollar ( facilitating exports ) .
With the new year the euro came back in strength against the dollar , something that has the double impact of making exports costlier for importing partners , but at the same time easing the energy imports bill .
Even if a strong currency allows for some more years of heavy energy imports , the economy will continue in peril from the exports side .
Europe ’s economy consumes energy and crude materials , producing manufactured goods and services , and having an even balance on the food sector .
This economic fabric simply cannot function properly in a world with diminishing energy available for trade .
Europe not only needs a new Energy Policy , it might need a completely different Economic Paradigm to face the years ahead .
Luís de Sousa
The Oil Drum : Europe
1 bn is used in this post and in the Eurostat news release to express 109 .
Shirley Temple did n’t make many enemies , but Alleen Nilsen can think of a few people who loathed America ’s sweetheart .
Nilsen , a professor of English at Arizona State University and president ( with her husband , Don ) of the American Names Society , once met a Shirley from a family that used the name for four generations — for its men .
As soon as Temple stamped it as indelibly girlish , Shirley IV disgustedly switched to Shirl .
There was no Shirley V .
Dozens of longstanding male names — Kim , Beverly , Ashley , etc. — have met the same fate .
Linguists know the pattern well : not long after a boy ’s name catches on with girls , parents shy away from christening sons with it .
“ We crowd them out , ” Nilsen says .
Consider some examples from the Social Security Administration ’s baby - name database .
Through 1955 , “ Leslie ” consistently appeared among the 150 most popular boys ’ names .
About a decade earlier , it began to catch on among girls .
And the “ crowding out ” Nilsen mentioned took place .
“ Leslie ” fell out of favor , dropping from a peak of 81 in male popularity rankings in 1895 to 874 a century later , and will most likely never gain traction with men again .
Dana , Carol and Shannon met similar ends .
By contrast , Jordan has appeared in the Top 100 most popular names for both sexes since 1989 , and other modern unisex names coexist peacefully , too .
Angel , overwhelmingly male until the mid-’50s , became popular for girls around 1972 .
Yet boy Angels surpassed girls in 1986 , and the name now sits at No. 31 for men , 160 for women .
And the popularity of Logan for boys ( it perennially appears in the Top 50 ) may have eroded its cachet for girls , an unusual reversal .
The best example of a new gender - fluid name is Peyton , which was n’t popular until the quarterback Peyton Manning emerged .
It tested parents ’ tolerance of ambiguity , since it lacked strong gender connotations .
The name caught on with girls first in 2000 .
But parents , perhaps hopeful for their sons ’ athletic futures , loved it for boys too .
Strikingly , its popularity with both sexes surged and dipped in lock step over the past decade — meaning parents responded to the fickle laws that govern name popularity identically , as if sex made no difference .
Peytons of both sexes probably gained thousands of peers when Manning ’s Colts won the Super Bowl in February .
What happens when you 're in a lifted Jeep Grand Cherokee and you take on a big rock a wee bit too fast ?
Hilariousness happens , that 's what .
Oh , and your airbags deploy .
Also , you look really silly .
Advertisement
Your wedding will likely be very expensive .
But you can definitely still have that magical day , I 'll show you how (+ how much it will cost )
Real quick :
How much does the average wedding in the United States cost ?
If you guessed anything other than $ 35,329 , you ’d be wrong .
Let me ask you another one :
How is it possible that someone can spend this much money on a single day ?
To answer that question , you have to understand that every little part of the wedding — from the venue right down to who you want videotaping everything — is going to cost money .
And these costs add up quickly .
The Knot recently published their list of average costs , so let ’s take a look at the average price spent on ( most ) everything at a wedding .
So how do we solve this $ 35,329 question ?
Bonus :
If the COVID - 19 pandemic has you worried about money , check out my free Coronavirus Proofing your Finances guide and protect your money during this pandemic !
How to save for your dream wedding ( with advice from a wedding planner )
To get a better idea of how couples can save for their dream wedding , we talked to wedding planner Sarah Glick .
She co-owns Brilliant Event Planning along with Chelsea LaFollette .
For years , the two have been planning weddings all around the world — so they ’ve personally handled their fair share of expensive weddings .
“ The budgets for our clients really vary , depending on headcount and location , but we have planned weddings for clients with budgets exceeding $ 1 million , ” Sarah says .
Whether you want to save for a wedding of $ 35,329 or $ 1 million , all you need to do is follow a system of three steps :
Set a realistic budget Prioritize the important things
Use sub - savings accounts to help you save
Step 1 : Set a realistic budget
Even though you ’re on a personal finance site like IWT , you ’re still human .
That means that your wedding will most likely be much pricier than you originally thought .
The best way to not fall into debt when the day you sign a check to vendors arrives is to anticipate and plan for it .
“ Set a budget , ” Sarah says .
“ People often think they can just handle each contract with a vendor as it comes up and deal with the costs on a case - by - case basis .
However , that often results in the client spending way more than they wanted to spend and more than they would have spent had they considered the overall big picture from the beginning of the planning process . ”
So sit down and make a realistic budget of how much your wedding might be priced .
The back - of - a - napkin formula for it is simple too .
Simply take into account :
The average age at marriage , which is about 31 for men and 29 for women .
The average wedding cost , which is about $ 35,000 .
If you ’re 21 , you should each plan to save around $ 3,500 a year or $ 292 a month .
And if you think that ’s unreasonable , I have two things to tell you :
Even if you ca n’t save that much now , any amount you CAN save will add up down the road .
Can you afford $ 50 / month ?
If so , that ’s $ 50 better than you were doing yesterday .
If you work towards earning more money , you ’ll be able to eventually save this much .
Keep reading and I ’ll give you the exact resources you can use to get there .
Of course , this will change depending on how old you are and how much you want to spend on your wedding .
Here ’s a great wedding cost calculator you can use to give you a rough estimate of how much you should save based on what you want for your big day .
Step 2 : Prioritize the important things
If your budget seems a little bit intimidating and you want to find areas to save , do n’t worry .
You can always prioritize aspects of your wedding to help you cut back .
“ This depends on what the couple ’s priorities are .
Everyone is a little bit different , ” Sarah explains .
“ Couples can save by choosing one or two areas to splurge on and then being cost - conscious for everything else . ”
It ’s human nature to want the best for our wedding day , and we need to be realistic about that .
However , you also need to be realistic about the fact that you ca n’t always have the best of everything .
That ’s where prioritization comes in .
From Sarah :
“ For example , even though a DJ is cheaper than a band , live music is sometimes a must for people , regardless of budget .
If you decide that the live band is a must - have , then you might want to skip custom invitations and order from an online vendor to save on stationary .
Couples can also save by going with a venue that has tables , chairs , linens , etc. already included .
The contrast to this is a raw space where you would need to rent everything ( which corresponds to a significantly higher rental spend ) . ”
Remember how I mentioned that your wedding location can affect how expensive it is ?
You can leverage this fact and cut back on your wedding expenses by choosing a more budget - friendly location .
“ A wedding in Mississippi , for example , will cost much less than a wedding in New York City , even if the headcount stays the same , ” Sarah says .
Once you know what your priorities are , revisit your projected wedding budget and reconsider some areas where you can cut back .
If you have the costs on paper , you ’ll know exactly which trade - offs you can make to keep within your budget .
If you have n’t decided on what you want to spend though , it ’ll look like there are no trade - offs necessary .
THAT’S how people get into debt for their wedding .
But I ’m not going to let that happen to you .
That ’s why I ’m going to show you how to set up a sub - savings account where you can put money away for your wedding automatically each month .
Bonus :
Having more than one stream of income can help you through tough economic times .
Learn how to start earning money on the side with my FREE Ultimate Guide to Making Money
Step 3 : Use sub - saving accounts to help you save
Let ’s assume you ’re 25 years old and plan to spend $ 40,000 on your wedding .
Let ’s say you also plan on getting married by the time you ’re 30 .
If you want to pay for the whole wedding yourself ( a totally achievable goal ) , you ’ll have to save about $ 8,000 a year or $ 666 a month for the wedding ( let ’s not read too much into that last number ) .
A perfect way to put away that evil amount each month is through a sub- savings account .
This is a savings account you create in addition to your regular savings .
Often times , you can even name them too !
You can leverage your sub - savings account to :
Put money away towards specific savings goals
Save cash when you automate your finances
The beauty about them is that they allow you to see exactly how much you ’ve saved because the account is tailored for that specific goal .
This does wonders for you psychologically .
When I first discovered sub - savings accounts , I created one and named it “ Down Payment ” for a down payment on a house .
I was regularly transferring money into it based on my savings goals using my automated finances .
As the months passed , the amount in that account grew bigger and bigger , and I felt really proud of my accomplishment .
During this time , one of my friends was just blindly putting away money in an account he had mentally earmarked for vague goals .
Though we might have had the same amount saved away , the difference between us psychologically was staggering .
Where he felt despair about trying to save money , I was motivated .
For me , I was n’t working towards $ 20,000 for a down payment .
I was working on saving $ 333 a month over five years — a perfectly achievable goal , especially after I tracked my progress .
So go to your bank ’s website and open up a sub- savings account and name it “ Wedding fund . ”
Once you ’ve done that , you can now automate your finances so you ’re putting money into it each month automatically .
Check out my video below to learn exactly how to open up a sub- savings account today .
Two big things couples get wrong about their wedding
There are a few things that couples do that they think are saving them money but are actually costing them more in the long run .
Let ’s go into them now so you can avoid them when planning for your wedding .
According to Sarah , those two misconceptions are :
“ I ’m just going to put a tent up at my home — it will be cheaper . ”
The venue is typically the biggest expense for any wedding day .
So if just use your home instead , should n’t that offset the cost ?
According to Sarah : Nope !
“ A lot of clients come to us and say they want to put a tent on private property to save on venue costs , ” Sarah says .
“ However , if the property is a private home , I can almost promise it ’ll be more expensive than a more typical wedding venue . ”
The reason why is the same reason wedding venues are so expensive in the first place .
Vox actually did an investigation of why wedding venues are so expensive and it ’s due to the fact that weddings need more tender loving care than normal events .
Think about it .
This is one of the only events that people expect to go perfectly .
If it does n’t , you end up with situations where people act like they ’re on an episode of Bridezilla .
Also , your home is probably not suited for a wedding anyway .
“ Your home is not created for events , ” Sarah says .
“ You need to bring everything in including bathrooms for your guests , heating / cooling if the weather is n’t perfect , functional lighting , access to water and power ( which means we need to run those lines ) , a second tent for catering , all of the tables , chairs , china , glassware , and flatware … and more ! ”
You also have to worry about paying for delivery and moving for all of the above , she adds .
So having the wedding in your backyard wo n’t help .
Maybe if you had a destination wedding instead …
“ Destination weddings are cheaper — fewer people will show up ! ”
Some people think that because you ’re flying out for your wedding , you ’ll be able to save money because , surely , fewer guests will want to show up …right ?
“ Truth is , [ destination weddings ] often cost the same as a local one , ” Sarah says .
“ It used to be that if a wedding required travel , people would have a hard time getting there or affording the travel .
And so they would n’t be able to come .
However , nowadays , it is SO easy to travel .
Flights can be found inexpensively and companies like Airbnb exist to make staying in a foreign place simple and affordable . ”
So even if you have that awesome travel rewards credit card and can fly anywhere in the world for free , it does n’t mean that your wedding will be cheaper .
“ We ’ve found that our head counts for destination weddings often do not differ very much from our local weddings , ” she says .
FAQ
Here are some answers to frequently asked questions people have regarding weddings :
What is a good budget for a wedding ?
This is up to you .
The most important thing is that you set a realistic budget that is achievable .
How much is a typical wedding ?
The cost of the average wedding is $ 35,329
How much does a NYC wedding cost ?
The prices in NYC normally double .
For example :
The average cost for a wedding in Manhattan is $ 76,944 .
Why are weddings so expensive ?
The simple answer is weddings have many moving parts : caterers , reception , pictures , videography , makeup , etc .
All of these things cost money , which makes the price tag add up quickly .
Earn more to afford the wedding of your dreams
Despite what society tells you , there ’s no right or wrong price for your wedding .
You might have a wedding in the high six figures , or you might just have a wedding that ends up costing a couple thousand .
Both are perfectly fine .
What matters most is that you ’re realistic about what you ’re going to spend so you know what to save .
If you want a wedding that might cost a little bit more than you ’re able to save for right now though , there is a solution : Earn more money .
You can only save so much money at the end of the day .
However , there ’s no limit to how much you can earn .
That ’s why my team and I have worked hard to create a guide to help you invest in yourself today : The Ultimate Guide to Making Money .
In it , I ’ve included my best strategies to :
Create multiple income streams so you always have a consistent source of revenue .
so you always have a consistent source of revenue .
Start your own side hustle so you ’re earning money for any financial goal ( like a wedding ) .
so you ’re earning money for any financial goal ( like a wedding ) .
Increase your income by thousands of dollars a year through earning raises and freelancing .
Making more money is easier than you might think .
I show you how in my FREE Ultimate Guide to Making Money
May 14 , 2007 , 12:42 pm
Consider this situation :
You are a member of a four - person rock band .
Each member of the band has contributed somewhat equally over time , and band revenues have always been split evenly , 25 % to each member , though its total earnings on an absolute basis have been small However , the band has suddenly become the next U2 .
It is likely the band will make tens of millions of dollars over the coming years .
Just as this is happening , the other three band members come to you and threaten to make you Pete Best .
They will allow you to stay with the band , but only if you accept a reduction in your share of the earnings to 10 % .
You perceive this move as unfair given your equal contribution to the band to date .
However , even 10 % of the band 's new fortunes would be a LOT of money ( and fame ) and you honestly believe that even a 10 % share is better than you could do with any other band or occupation .
What do you do -- take 10 % or quit ?
( assume you want to be famous and you have no legal recourse against the other members )
In an analytical vacuum , one might predict that any rational person would take the deal -- while it is less than might be hoped , it is certainly a better deal than one could get any place else .
A pure profit maximizing decision would be to stay with the band ( and watch you back at night for more knives ) .
However , numerous studies and surveys have shown that in fact , a large number of people would choose to give up the money rather than feel cheated .
Just look at the number of professional football players who have held out for a whole season to try to get a better contract .
In every case , the present value of the salary lost for that season is far greater than any increase in salary in the future from taking the tough stand .
But these players would rather be paid nothing than feel underpaid .
TJIC had a pointer to an interesting article on game theory .
In it , the author talks about this behavior in the context of a game that divides up pies , and summarizes :
Apparently , making money is not the players ' only concern ; participants have a sense of pride and care about how they are treated by others , economists have concluded .
Thus , offers perceived to be " unfair " are rejected out of a desire for revenge .
In fact , revenge and / or envy has been tested in a number of games , where scientists gave players trailing in the game the ability to spend money solely to take away money from the leading players ( e.g. you can spend your last $ 10 to make $ 10 of your opponents money disappear ) .
There is something in human behavior that wants to bring down the winners , even when doing so makes one worse off himself .
( Question to Red Sox fans : would you accept a lifetime bad of the Sox from the World Series if you were guaranteed the Yankees would never make the World Series either ? )
I guess I do n't really have a problem with such behavior in consensual transactions ( though I personally work pretty hard to purge my ego from business decisions ) .
My problem comes when people motivated in this way vote in our society that has proven to have inadequate protections of the minority , at least when we refer to the minority of rich and successful .
In Closing of the American Mind , Allan Bloom tells the story of a question he used to ask his classes vis a vis income inequality .
He would ask something like " Would you vote for a law that reduced income inequality but at the same time reduced total wealth , such that the poor might get a larger slice of a smaller pie , and might even be worse off on an absolute basis afterwards . "
Apparently , he would get solid majorities for " yes " and in fact I have been in classes where this same question was asked and at least 40 % said " yes . "
This is a situation a bit similar to the one above , but without it being personal .
In other words , no one has explicitly hosed you , they have just done better .
I hope you can see the parallel .
Large numbers of people are willing to pay ( or equivalently make less money ) to reduce the earnings of people who are wealthy and / or successful .
They are even more willing to do so if they think that they have been treated unfairly .
Which is why you see so many politicians and media outlets working so hard right now to convince the middle class that current income distribution patterns are somehow " unfair . "
Politicians are pandering to this base human emotion , the desire to spitefully bring someone else down ( in the case of income equality laws , someone the person has likely never even met or transacted with ) even if it makes oneself worse off .
I can understand why Pete Best might harbor a grudge against the Beatles .
But why do so many Americans harbor a grudge against people they have never met , just because they make more money ?
Hostels 247.com offers accommodation booking service for everyone .
Book affordable accommodation Now !
Choose from youth hostels , bed and breakfast , hotels and apartments to other budget accommodation options like guesthouse and motels .
Hostels247 offers a wide range of cheap accommodation worldwide from London New York City to mention but a few places in the world .
Most of the accommodations offered on Hostels247.com are equipped with modern facilities such as satellite and cable TV , lounge , internet access , guest kitchen , restaurant and bar .
Many of the place to stay offer shared dorm room and private rooms , apartments and studios for a bit more privacy .
Whether you are backpacker , budget traveler , arranging group accommodation or looking for cheap place to stay for last minute weekend break or holiday Hostels 247.com will help you find the right accommodation .
Hostels247.com help travelers get the most out of their holiday or trip by offering a selection of reviews , travel guides , Travel tips , travel blogs and travel news for the added peace of mind .
4C's of Booking Accommodation
Cost
Comfort
Cleanliness
Customer care
These are the most important things every traveller needs to know before booking any holiday accommodation to avoid disappointment .
We at Hostels 247.com believe in value for money , comfortable accommodation , clean environment and great customer service , No matter what budget
Conversation with Kip Hawley , TSA Administrator ( Part 5 )
This is Part 5 of a five - part series .
Link to whole thing .
BS : So far , we ’ve only talked about passengers .
What about airport workers ?
Nearly one million workers move in and out of airports every day without ever being screened .
The JFK plot , as laughably unrealistic as it was , highlighted the security risks of airport workers .
As with any security problem , we need to secure the weak links , rather than make already strong links stronger .
What about airport employees , delivery vehicles , and so on ?
KH : I totally agree with your point about a strong base level of security everywhere and not creating large gaps by over - focusing on one area .
This is especially true with airport employees .
We do background checks on all airport employees who have access to the sterile area .
These employees are in the same places doing the same jobs day after day , so when someone does something out of the ordinary , it immediately stands out .
They serve as an additional set of eyes and ears throughout the airport .
Even so , we should do more on airport employees and my House testimony of April 19 gives details of where we ’re heading .
The main point is that everything you need for an attack is already inside the perimeter of an airport .
For example , why take lighters from people who work with blowtorches in facilities with millions of gallons of jet fuel ?
You could perhaps feel better by setting up employee checkpoints at entry points , but you ’d hassle a lot of people at great cost with minimal additional benefit , and a smart , patient terrorist could find a way to beat you .
Today ’s random , unpredictable screenings that can and do occur everywhere , all the time ( including delivery vehicles , etc. ) are harder to defeat .
With the latter , you make it impossible to engineer an attack ; with the former , you give the blueprint for exactly that .
BS : There ’s another reason to screen pilots and flight attendants : they go through the same security lines as passengers .
People have to remember that it ’s not pilots being screened , it ’s people dressed as pilots .
You either have to implement a system to verify that people dressed as pilots are actual pilots , or just screen everybody .
The latter choice is far easier .
I want to ask you about general philosophy .
Basically , there are three broad ways of defending airplanes : preventing bad people from getting on them ( ID checks ) , preventing bad objects from getting on them ( passenger screening , baggage screening ) , and preventing bad things from happening on them ( reinforcing the cockpit door , sky marshals ) .
The first one seems to be a complete failure , the second one is spotty at best .
I ’ve always been a fan of the third .
Any future developments in that area ?
KH :
You are too eager to discount the first — stopping bad people from getting on planes .
That is the most effective !
Do n’t forget about all the intel work done partnering with other countries to stop plots before they get here ( UK liquids , NY subway ) , all the work done to keep them out either through no - flys ( at least several times a month ) or by Customs & Border Protection on their way in , and law enforcement once they are here ( Ft. Dix ) .
Then , you add the behavior observation ( both uniformed and not ) and identity validation ( as we take that on ) and that ’s all before they get to the checkpoint .
The screening - for - things part , we ’ve discussed , so I ’ll jump to in - air measures .
Reinforced , locked cockpit doors and air marshals are indeed huge upgrades since 9/11 .
Along the same lines , you have to consider the role of the engaged flight crew and passengers — they are quick to give a heads - up about suspicious behavior and they can , and do , take decisive action when threatened .
Also , there are thousands of flights covered by pilots who are qualified as law enforcement and are armed , as well as the agents from other government entities like the Secret Service and FBI who provide coverage as well .
There is also a fair amount of communications with the flight deck during flights if anything comes up en route — either in the aircraft or if we get information that would be of interest to them .
That allows “ quiet ” diversions or other preventive measures .
Training is , of course , important too .
Pilots need to know what to do in the event of a missile sighting or other event , and need to know what we are going to do in different situations .
Other things coming : better air - to - ground communications for air marshals and flight information , including , possibly , video .
So , when you boil it down , keeping the bomb off the plane is the number one priority .
A terrorist has to know that once that door closes , he or she is locked into a confined space with dozens , if not hundreds , of zero - tolerance people , some of whom may be armed with firearms , not to mention the memory of United Flight 93 .
BS : I ’ve read repeated calls to privatize airport security : to return it to the way it was pre-9/11 .
Personally , I think it ’s a bad idea , but I ’d like your opinion on the question .
And regardless of what you think should happen , do you think it will happen ?
KH : From an operational security point of view , I think it works both ways .
So it is not a strategic issue for me .
SFO , our largest private airport , has excellent security and is on a par with its federalized counterparts ( in fact , I am on a flight from there as I write this ) .
One current federalized advantage is that we can surge resources around the system with no notice ; essentially , the ability to move from anywhere to anywhere and mix TSOs with federal air marshals in different force packages .
We would need to be sure we do n’t lose that interchangeability if we were to expand privatized screening .
I do n’t see a major security or economic driver that would push us to large - scale privatization .
Economically , the current cost - plus model makes it a better deal for the government in smaller airports than in bigger .
So , maybe more small airports will privatize .
If Congress requires collective bargaining for our TSOs , that will impose an additional overhead cost of about $ 500 million , which would shift the economic balance significantly toward privatized screening .
But unless that happens , I do n’t see major change in this area .
BS : Last question .
I regularly criticize overly specific security measures , because forcing the terrorists to make minor modifications in their tactics does n’t make us any safer .
We ’ve talked about specific airline threats , but what about airplanes as a specific threat ?
On the one hand , if we secure our airlines and the terrorists all decide instead to bomb shopping malls , we have n’t improved our security very much .
On the other hand , airplanes make particularly attractive targets for several reasons .
One , they ’re considered national symbols .
Two , they ’re a common and important travel vehicle , and are deeply embedded throughout our economy .
Three , they travel to distant places where the terrorists are .
And four , the failure mode is severe : a small bomb drops the plane out of the sky and kills everyone .
I do n’t expect you to give back any of your budget , but when do we have “ enough ” airplane security as compared with the rest of our nation ’s infrastructure ?
KH : Airplanes are a high - profile target for terrorists for all the reasons you cited .
The reason we have the focus we do on aviation is because of the effect the airline system has on our country , both economically and psychologically .
We do considerable work ( through grants and voluntary agreements ) to ensure the safety of surface transportation , but it ’s less visible to the public because people other than ones in TSA uniforms are taking care of that responsibility .
We look at the aviation system as one component in a much larger network that also includes freight rail , mass transit , highways , etc .
And that ’s just in the U.S .
Then you add the world ’s transportation sectors — it ’s all about the network .
The only components that require specific security measures are the critical points of failure — and they have to be protected at virtually any cost .
It does n’t matter which individual part of the network is attacked — what matters is that the network as a whole is resilient enough to operate even with losing one or more components .
The network approach allows various transportation modes to benefit from our layers of security .
Take our first layer : intel .
It is fundamental to our security program to catch terrorists long before they get to their target , and even better if we catch them before they get into our country .
Our intel operation works closely with other international and domestic agencies , and that information and analysis benefits all transportation modes .
Dogs have proven very successful at detecting explosives .
They work in airports and they work in mass transit venues as well .
As we test and pilot technologies like millimeter wave in airports , we assess their viability in other transportation modes , and vice versa .
To get back to your question , we ’re not at the point where we can say “ enough ” for aviation security .
But we ’re also aware of the attractiveness of other modes and continue to use the network to share resources and lessons learned .
BS : Thank you very much for your time .
I appreciate both your time and your candor .
KH : I enjoyed the exchange and appreciated your insights .
Thanks for the opportunity .
Posted on August 3 , 2007 at 6:12 AM • 52 Comments
With so much at stake , in a contest between two men once so closely allied , now so starkly opposed , Americans made up their minds by reading the newspapers , which numbered more than two hundred and fifty .
“ The engine is the press , ” Jefferson observed .
Yet so tawdry did the candidates consider even this kind of electioneering that neither wrote a single word for the public prints .
And , when Jefferson urged friends to pick up their pens , he warned , “ Do not let my name be connected with the business . ”
Jefferson also saw the usefulness of pamphlets like James Callender ’s “ The Prospect Before Us , ” which advised readers , “ Take your choice , between Adams , war and beggary , and Jefferson , peace , and competency . ”
“ Such papers cannot fail to have the best effect , ” Jefferson wrote .
But , for “ The Prospect Before Us , ” Callender was convicted of sedition .
Sentenced to nine months ’ confinement , he wrote a second volume from jail .
Thumbing his nose at his prosecutors , he titled one chapter “ More Sedition . ”
Callender may not have been seditious , but he was a political hack .
In 1797 , he had ruined Alexander Hamilton ’s political career — and poisoned his marriage — by exposing an adulterous affair .
( In 1802 , Callender , resentful that Jefferson had never rewarded him for his election - year martyrdom , published an article in the Richmond Recorder reporting long - circulating rumors that Jefferson “ keeps , and for many years past has kept , as his concubine , one of his own slaves .
Her name is SALLY . ” )
But James Callender ’s muckraking was dwarfed by what Alexander Hamilton was willing to do .
The disaffected former Secretary of the Treasury determined to persuade Federalists to drop the President and throw their support behind his unmemorable running mate , Charles Cotesworth Pinckney , of South Carolina .
( Pinckney , to his considerable credit , did not approve , and the plan failed . )
Hamilton drafted a statement expressing his views on the “ great and intrinsic defects in [ Adams ’s ] character which unfit him for the office of chief magistrate . ”
It was published at the end of October , 1800 , as “ Letter from Alexander Hamilton , Concerning the Public Conduct and Character of John Adams . ”
As Larson puts it , the pamphlet “ read like one long rant . ”
Hamilton wrote of the President , “ He is a man of an imagination sublimated and eccentric ; propitious neither to the regular display of sound judgment , nor to steady perseverance in a systematic plan of conduct . . . and to this defect are added the unfortunate foibles of a vanity without bounds , and a jealousy capable of discoloring every object . ”
If Hamilton ’s portrait did Adams no good , neither did it do him much harm .
The President was not running on his personality , after all , but on his record .
For better and , in the end , for worse .
Meanwhile , Federalists did their best to paint Jefferson as a character entirely unsuited to hold office .
( Hamilton thought him a crafty , fanatical , “ contemptible hypocrite . ” )
From their stronghold in New England , they warned voters of Jefferson ’s duplicity .
We will not “ learn the principles of liberty from the slave - holders of Virginia , ” the Connecticut Courant declared .
Or , as another Federalist editor put it , “ Democracy in Virginia , therefore , is like virtue in hell . ”
But the most ferocious attacks on Jefferson concerned his views on religion .
Jefferson had once offered a Franklinesque statement of his passionate commitment to religious toleration : “ It does me no injury for my neighbor to say there are twenty gods or no god .
It neither picks my pocket nor breaks my leg . ”
All over the country , clergymen preached that such a view could lead to nothing but unchecked vice .
From New York , one minister answered Jefferson , “ Let my neighbor once perceive himself that there is no God , and he will soon pick my pocket and break not only my leg but my neck . ”
If Federalists would make Jefferson ’s religion political , Republicans would make a religion of his politics .
On March 31 , 1800 , the Vermont Gazette printed a Jeffersonian creed :
From a direct tax , Good Lord deliver us .
. . .
From a war with the French republic , Good Lord deliver us .
From all old Tories ; from aristocrats Good Lord deliver us .
. . .
From the sedition act , and from all other evil acts Good Lord deliver us .
Adams himself had little but contempt for members of his party who would make an issue of Jefferson ’s religious convictions , asking , “ What has that to do with the public ? ”
And Jefferson , though he called himself a Christian , held a skeptical view of the Bible , and readily conceded that his critics were right if they expected that he would promote religious toleration : “ For I have sworn upon the altar of god , eternal hostility against every form of tyranny over the mind of man . ”
Yet , for all the ink spilled on the subject , one clear - eyed political observer of the day predicted that Jefferson ’s religious views would probably “ not deprive Jeff of a single vote . ”
Whether it did is difficult to say .
In 1969 , in “ The Idea of a Party System , ” Richard Hofstadter regretted that “ the definitive account of this election remains to be written . ”
Nearly forty years later , that ’s still the case .
Larson , the University Professor of History and the Darling Professor of Law at Pepperdine , and a former recipient of the Pulitzer Prize , tells the story well .
His narrative is by far the best of several recent books on the subject .
But his argument , that during the pivotal campaign “ a popular , two - party republic was born , ” though persuasive , is not exactly novel .
( Hofstadter made a similar claim . )
Maybe a definitive account of this election remains unwritten because its candidates loom larger than life .
Larson ’s book , like almost everything written about the election of 1800 , has a forest - and - trees quality : we ca n’t see the Voters for the Founders .
“ As you love your country , fly to your polls , ” the Gazette of the United States urged .
But there was no “ Election Day ” in 1800 .
Voting stretched from March to December , and the President was n’t chosen until February , 1801 , just weeks before he took office .
To get to the polls , you may have trudged through snow ; you may have sweltered in the sun .
Whatever the weather , chances are you could n’t vote .
There were sixteen states in the Union in 1800 .
In Maryland , black men born free could vote ( until 1802 , when the state ’s constitution was amended to exclude them ) ; in New Jersey , white women could vote ( until 1807 , when the legislature closed this loophole ) .
All but three states — Kentucky , Vermont , and Delaware — limited the franchise to property holders or taxpayers , which works out to about sixty to seventy per cent of the adult white male population .
Out of a total U.S. population of 5.3 million , roughly five hundred and fifty thousand were enfranchised .
As the 2008 Summer Olympics in Beijing draws ever closer , interest in traveling to China is rising as never before .
With this in mind , we would like to advise you on one of the pitfalls of traveling in modern China : bungled English signs that will confuse , misdirect , and confound you .
This is no joke .
If you follow every sign to the letter , you ’ll surely find yourself bogged down in a murky morass of mangled diction , teetering precariously on the brink of an unfinished sentence , or hopelessly lost in a labyrinth of misused prepositions .
It is to avoid such linguistic disaster that we offer up the following practical guide to common “ Engrish ” phrases glimpsed in China–because despite a high - profile campaign by the Chinese government to correct the English language signs , particularly in Beijing , many examples of hilarious malapropisms still exist .
A production crew on location in China gathered these real - life examples of Chinese “ Engrish ” on a recent trip into the Chinese interior along the Yangtze River .
Together , they snapped a series of helpful cautionary shots of some of China ’s most misguided English translations .
TRANSIT SIGNS
Of course , understanding some of these translations is relatively easy , but others take some effort to decode .
For example , this sign advising tourists against climbing altars , as well as crowding , is a bit opaque .
This sign was spotted near the Three Gorges Dam .
Altars are usually religious objects , and we ’ll admit that climbing them is probably a poor idea .
Somebody is bound to get offended .
It also is n’t advisable to climb tall objects during storms .
You could get fried by a lightning strike .
Crowding , too , is sort of unpleasant and possibly dangerous .
But in the end , the prohibition just does n’t make sense .
What is really going on here ?
Our professional translation : “ During stormy weather , do not climb the monument to view the scenery . ”
Bicyclists may also be mystified by signs directed at them .
Above , on a sign in Beijing , the bicycle does n’t seem to be totally disallowed –after all , there ’s no line through the bike in the circle .
Should the bike be parked ?
It sort of looks like it .
But the most maddening question … what does one have to park the bike to do ?
It turns out the problem is there ’s some information missing here .
Our professional translation : “ Please park your bicycle in the bicycle parking area . ”
We found that even strolling down the street in certain parts of China can be an exercise in confusion .
Just try and understand what this sign , snapped near the Terracotta Army site in Xian , wants you to do .
Direct you to the exit ?
Make sure you do n’t walk on the grass ?
Follow a certain path ?
In fact , it ’s a little of all three .
Professional translation : “ Please follow the marked path through the scenery . ”
TRASH CAN SIGNAGE
Even finding out where to throw your garbage can be a challenge in China .
Everyone recycles nowadays , even the Chinese .
Of course , they undo much of their commitment to the environment by “ unrecycling ” as well .
Still , it ’s nice to know that you have an option– at least at the airport in Xian .
Another interesting garbage can , this one found near Mt. Jiuhua , somehow does n’t translate well , despite the fact that there are n’t actually any English words on it .
Apparently , Chinese citizens may frequently be tossing jack - o- lanterns and ghosts into their garbage cans .
In fact , it ’s a place for throwing your unrecycleable trash–no plastic bottles or tin cans allowed here , thank you very much .
THINGS NOT TO DO IN PUBLIC
Everyone knows that there are a lot of things you just do n’t do in public .
Some of these are considered inappropriate anywhere .
Other taboos are specific to certain cultures .
We found that there are some fairly unusual restrictions on public behavior in China .
Although it ’s perfectly all right to spit it in public ( this behavior has been practiced in China for a long time ) , it is n’t okay to “ turn over . ”
You might wonder why someone would think to “ turn over ” the Three Gorges Dam , where this sign was spotted .
We can understand “ turning over ” on the beachfront so that you get an even tan , but in a place like this ?
We have to wonder what penalty the authorities levy for “ turning over ” the dam .
The professional translation is “ Please do not climb over . ”
That ’s an understandable prohibition .
We really do appreciate clarity , and we think these kinds of prohibitive signs work the best when all the no-nos are listed out in a completely graphical format , as below :
This sign is great because it ’s so abundantly clear .
There ’s no written message here at all , and thus less chance for misunderstanding .
At this park in Beijing , prohibited activities include ice skating , dog walking , horn blowing , fire starting , and ball kicking .
You ’ll notice that there ’s also no “ turning over . ”
The only remaining question is , what exactly can you do in this park ?
However , as we ’ve seen , even some graphical signs can be a bit unclear .
For example …
What , exactly , is the prohibition in the upper left - hand corner ?
Our guess–no dragonflies allowed –turned out to be incorrect .
Any guesses ?
The answer : no kite - flying .
DEFECTIVE DICTION
Sometimes the message of a sign is reasonably clear , but its wording is utterly ridiculous .
These are directions on how to get to the toilet in a museum close to the Three Gorges Dam , not directions on how to use a toilet .
Just in case you were wondering .
That ’s right , the Chinese have discovered a monstrous new creature they have dubbed the “ tiger bear monkey , ” and you can find it at the zoo in Chongqing –but be warned that it ’s a nasty , ugly beast and you ’d best stay far away .
Do not allow children to approach its cage , and do not even think about offering it a banana .
STEAMING HOT ENGRISH
One member of the team received this explanatory card at a tea house in Yueyang .
The only way it could be any more helpful is if the tea house produced it in such a way as to make it comprehensible to an ordinary human being .
We ’re sure this tea purports to imbue all kinds of health benefits , and we hear it tasted pretty good , so who can complain ?
It ’s also really nice to know that “ the clear lung is good for the stomach . ”
If you ’re ever in Yueyang , we highly recommend ordering up your own cup of litchi chinensis .
Oh yeah , and though there was Chinese printed on the back , do n’t bother asking– we ’re not going to translate this particular verbiage .
But rest assured that they are very eager to have visitors think highly of their tea .
Photos By : Gary Pollak , Jon Lapidese , JR Kraus , Steve Del Monte
Text By : Matt Calcara and Mike Day
Translations By : Mike Day
To learn more about travel in China , check out “ The Symbol of 21st Century China Travel : Demolish ” for an in - depth view of traveling in modern China .
You can find plenty more of these types of signs over at humor site Engrish.com .
For more articles on travel in China :
Bound for Beijing : A Guide to 2008 Olympic Travel
The Symbol of 21st Century China Travel : Demolish
Fighting for Your Vacation
A “ Belonger ” Looks Back at Hong Kong as Its Capitalist Heart Beats On
Off - the - Brochure Travel Guide : Beijing , China
With all the attention Radiohead ’s new In Rainbows album ( released digitally today ) has received due to its unique sales plan , it ’s possible to forget that this is an album with actual songs on it , rather than a way to turn the music industry on its ear .
But it is , in fact , an album , and that album has a sound .
This article has been reproduced in a new format and may be missing content or contain faulty links .
Contact wiredlabs@wired.com to report an issue .
Fans expecting a sonic revolution on the magnitude of Kid A are likely to be disappointed , In Rainbows representing an expansion of earlier Radiohead ideas rather than a departure from them .
Likewise , anyone looking for the dramatic anthems from the band ’s earlier albums will prefer to keep listening to those .
But the more I listen to In Rainbows , the more I notice the sort of subtle touches , sonic variety and chordal development that could make the album a so - called " grower " with Radiohead fans .
It simply gets better with each listen .
Listen : 30 - second sample from " Weird Fishes / Arpeggi "
Making your way through In Rainbows , you understand why Radiohead refuses to release their albums as individual songs on iTunes and other digital outlets : the songs flow into each other with a sense of purpose , and sound like they ’re meant to be heard in a row .
In general , the trend throughout the album is from fast to slow tempos , but , of course , the overall progression is a lot more complex than that .
The album kicks off with Thom Yorke declaring , " How come I end upwhere I started , how come I end up where I went wrong " on top of a stomping beat that feels like an IDM - typedeconstruction of the sparse , cheerleader style pioneered by Gwen Stefani in " Holla Back Girl , " but soon guitar and bass kick in toenvelope the listener in a rapidly - expanding layer of Radioheadlushness .
Then it ’s time for live favorite " Bodysnatchers , " a whirling dervish of a track that rouses on the level of Kid A‘s " National Anthem . "
After these two driving tracks ,
In Rainbows wends its way into slower , more haunting territory with " Nude , " a waltz with velvety bass and string swells that sounds like it would be perfect accompaniment for slow space footage a la 2001 : Space Odyssey .
The ambitious , beautiful " Weird Fishes / Arpeggi " expands a jittery acoustic guitar riff into a glittering crescendo that resolves into the underwater aesthetic hinted at by its title , ultimately ensnaring the listener in a whirlpool .
" All I Need , " a nicely disorienting track , sounds somewhat like Thom Yorke fronting The Boards of Canada , while " Faust Arp " could be an answer to The Beatles ’ " Blackbird . "
Then the album takes a turn for the experimental with the wide , watery drum sounds of " Reckoner , " which adds Fender Rhodes and more string swells , and includes a few surprising / satisfying major chords .
As for the last three songs , you ’ll have to listen for yourself .
Then , vote for your favorite In Rainbows tracks with our voting widget :
How do you rate the songs on Radiohead ’s In Rainbows album ?
From Tim Weiner , commenting in the New York Times on the CIAâ€™s new crud dump of past stupidities and crimes , which is plainly intended to distract attention from the agencyâ€™s present stupidities and crimes :
A footnote : the man who wrote the manifesto for the overseas training mission â€ ” â€ œa democratic , unselfish , often unconditional approach to helping other countries to help themselvesâ€ â€ ” was the C.I.A.â€™s own Al Haney , the Florida - based field commander for Operation Success , the 1954 C.I.A. covert action that overthrew Guatemala .
â€
œThere have been charges that it is morally wrong for the U.S. to aid undemocratic regimes to strengthen their security systems , thereby serving to entrench them in power , â€ 
Haney argued 50 years ago .
But â€ œthe U.S. cannot afford the moral luxury of helping only those regimes in the free world that meet our ideals of self - government .
Eliminate all the absolute monarchies , dictatorships and juntas from the free world and count those that are left and it should be readily apparent that the U.S. would be well on its way to isolation.â€ 
This states exactly our present policy toward Pakistan , Saudi Arabia , Kazakhstan , Uzbekistan , Egypt , Kyrgyzstan , Kuwait , and on and on .
We are not alone in this cold , Kisssingerian approach : like any other nation the United States has no friends ; nations , as Charles de Gaulle said , have only interests .
What , then , are our interests ?
During the last half century Americaâ€™s foreign policy makers of both parties have demonstrated a near - total inability to identify and pursue our real self interests .
Time after time we embraced such self - inflated toads as Saddam Hussein , Noriega , Osama bin Laden , Batista , the Shah of Iran , the Greek colonels , Pinochet , Savimbi , Mobutu , the junta in Argentina , and the butchers of El Salvador .
And time after time these creatures blow up in our hands , soiling us for generations to come .
It never occurs to patriots like â€ œthe C.I.A.â€™s own Al Haneyâ€ that for the suffering citizenry there is no real difference between a dictatorship of the right and one of the left .
Thus the true self - interest of a confident , mature democracy lies not in choosing between two repulsive alternatives , but in rejecting both .
Rejection , though , ought not to mean war , whether open or secret .
The resort to war would indeed â€ ” Haney was right about that â€ ” lead us into endless bloodbaths all over the world .
And in fact it has .
And in fact it is doing so today , although only a fool would argue that Bushâ€™s war actually grew out of a passion to set the world free .
He may have convinced himself of that by now , but the rest of the world is not so credulous .
Our childish belief that democracy and American hegemony are synonymous is not widely shared abroad .
Democracy is best spread by example and by commerce , both economic and intellectual .
Our own preferred method â€ ” to beat another nation to the ground and ram democracy into it â€ ” is not an act of love .
It is rape .
_______
Jerome Doolittle
Bad Attitudes
http://badattitudes.com/MT/
About author Jerome Doolittle blogs at Jerome Doolittle blogs at Bad Attitudes .
Former newspaperman and diplomat ; speechwriter for President Carter ; author of the Tom Bethany mystery series .
It ’s been a while since I ’ve posted anything about Coders at Work .
Last week I put up , but did not broadly announce , a new , improved web page for sorting the nearly 300 suggested names of people to interview I ’ve received .
I mostly created it for my own benefit but anyone who wants to play with it can feel free to make their own sorting .
( I ’m mostly announcing it now because I think it ’s sort of a nifty UI — much more fun to play with that the previous one — though I am also interested to see how other folks would sort the list of names I ’ve got .
Unfortunately , like the previous sorter , this page probably does n’t work in IE and is only known to work for sure in Firefox . )
One feature of this page that the other short list selector did n’t have , is the ability to effectively down vote names — you can put folks who you are particularly uninterested in hearing from at the bottom of the list and that tells me something .
If you think you ’ve got a sorting that would make for a great book , click the Save button then “ Permalink ” on the next page to get a URL for your specific sorting and send it to me .
I ’m also still interested in new suggestions of folks to interview though as I ’m getting pretty close to starting to contact folks and since I ’m ultimately only going to interview on the order of sixteen people , new names have to be pretty obviously better than over 250 of the names I ’ve already got to break into serious contention .
As always , I ’m also interested in your comments about why you think someone would ( or would n’t ) make a good interview subject .
I ’ve also started serious work on a set of general questions .
So far I ’ve got 191 questions in 22 categories .
Which is a lot — obviously I ’ll have to pare that down unless I ’m going to interview people for 10 or 20 hours .
And that ’s not even counting questions more directly tailored to the individual subjects .
But it ’s still better to have too many than too few so if you ’ve got a question you ’d like me to ask either everyone I interview or specific people , feel free to email or leave it on the Coders at Work comment page .
Update : I did n’t mention before but you can see the combined results of everyone who has submitted a sort via this new page here .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Story Highlights • Transcript is from Saturday hearing at Guantanamo ; released by Pentagon
• Mohammed : " I was responsible for the 9/11 Operation , from A to Z "
• Transcript says he 's responsible for other attacks , including Bali bombing
• Mohammed is among 14 prisoners identified by U.S. as " high value "
Adjust font size :
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the suspected mastermind of the September 11 , 2001 , terror attacks , admitted to those attacks and numerous others during a U.S. military hearing on Saturday , according to an edited transcript of the hearing released by the Pentagon Wednesday .
In a statement from him , read by a U.S. military representative , he said , " I was responsible for the 9/11 operation , from A to Z . "
The transcript continues with the list of operations he was responsible for , including the Richard Reid shoe bomber attempt to blow up an airliner over the Atlantic Ocean , the Bali nightclub bombing in Indonesia , the 1993 World Trade Center attack and other attacks that were foiled .
( Read transcript ( PDF ) )
The latter included surveying the Panama Canal for an attack to destroy it and surveying suspension bridges and high - rises in New York and Chicago , Illinois , to bring them down as well .
The list of some 29 operations he was responsible for is followed by a shorter list of operations he was partially responsible for , including an assassination attempt against then - Pope John Paul II while he was visiting the Philippines .
( Watch why Mohammed likened himself to George Washington )
In a later part of the statement , Mohammed likened himself to George Washington as a revolutionary .
The verbatim translation in the transcript is not always clear .
" If now we were living in the Revolutionary War and George Washington he being arrested through Britain , " it reads .
" For sure he , they would consider him enemy combatant . "
Mohammed : Sorry I killed kids
He made no apologies for what he has done , but he did express remorse for the death of children in the September 11 attacks .
" I do n't like to kill people , " he said .
" I feel very sorry they been killed kids in 9/11 . "
Transcripts of two other detainees considered " high - value " by the U.S. government -- Abu Faraj al - Libi ( transcript ( PDF ) ) and Ramzi Bin al - Shibh ( transcript ( PDF ) ) -- were also issued Wednesday .
Their hearings were held Friday .
The three are part of a group of 14 detainees once held in secret CIA prisons but moved to Guantanamo Bay by President Bush in September .
All three hearings were held at the U.S. detention facility at Guantanamo Bay , Cuba .
The three - member military panel hearings , unlike similar hearings in the past , were closed to the media and to the detainees ' lawyers because of fears the detainees might divulge classified information , according to Pentagon officials .
Officials have said the hearings would last between two and three hours each , but it could take days or weeks to know what transpired , because the findings must be approved by higher military authorities .
The 14 detainees have been given military advisers but they are offering no legal assistance .
Detainees are also given only an unclassified summary of the evidence against them but are allowed to have witnesses called in from out of the country to testify in their favor .
The hearings , called combatant status review tribunals , determine whether a detainee should be classified as an enemy combatant by the president to make them eligible for a military trial .
The hearings for the 14 are expected to last through April , according to Pentagon officials .
Pentagon officials said a total of six high - value detainees have now gone through these hearings .
The names of the three others and the transcripts of their hearings have not yet been released .
Syria accused Israel on Saturday of making excuses for war by spreading false reports that an Israeli air raid targeted a site linked to weapons of mass destruction .
Syrian Vice President Farouq al - Shara said his country did not want war " in the distant or near future " .
" They ( Israel ) are making up things to justify an aggression in the future .
They are playing on public opinion to mislead it , " he said , describing the reports as fabrications .
" Everything reported about this raid is wrong and is part of a psychological warfare that will not fool Syria , " Shara told reporters after meeting his Iraqi counterpart Adel Abdul - Mahdi .
War With Syria Syria wo n't go to war with Israel , Kassem says Roee Nahmias Hizbullah deputy chief says conditions not ripe for war between Syria , Israel .
Adds that Hizbullah will not undertake attack against Israel as Syrian proxy Syria wo n't go to war with Israel , Kassem says
Damascus says Israel launched the air raid on Sept. 6 , bombing an empty area after air defence systems confronted the aircraft .
Some US officials have linked the raid to apparent Israeli suspicions of secret nuclear cooperation between Damascus and North Korea .
Diplomats in Damascus say at least four Israeli warplanes crossed deep into Syria in this month 's operation .
They suggest the intended target may have involved missiles supplied by North Korea but played down reports of a nuclear link .
Israel has said nothing about the raid , which Shara said caused no casualties .
Damascus and North Korea have denied any nuclear cooperation .
Shara said the raid was also aimed at boosting the morale of the Israeli military , which failed to crush the Lebanese movement Hizbullah , an ally of Syria , in last year 's war .
" They want to rehabilitate the Israeli army after the Lebanese resistance broke it .
But what Israel needs is to rehabilitate the Israeli mind , only then will a real opportunity for genuine peace be created , " he said .
Syria and Israel are formally at war .
Peace talks between them collapsed in 2000 over the scope of an Israeli pullout from the Golan Heights , a plateau which the Jewish state captured from Syria in the 1967 Six - Day War .
Disturbances broke out for a sixth successive night in an immigrant quarter of Amsterdam when four cars were set on fire , police said .
The unrest started after police shot dead a man of Moroccan origin last weekend who had stabbed and injured two officers .
The fires brought the total number of burnt cars to 11 , a police spokesman said .
Marketers do a great job of convincing us to buy stuff ( often stuff we do n’t need ) – but through the annals of history they have occasionally gotten things wrong .
This is a list of the ten most unfortunately named products .
10 . Wii
This has to be included – perhaps the people that devised the name are not familiar with the fact that British English speakers ( including most of the Commonwealth ) refer to urine as “ wee ” – for example : “ Ooh – I am busting for a wee ! ”
Every time someone mentions a Wii I think of a wee .
Crazy !
“ Let ’s play with our wii ” really takes on a whole new meaning when you speak British English .
9. Elephant Beautiful Balls
As The Leader in Innovative Billiards , Elephant Balls , Ltd. ( EBL ) offers a full range of billiard merchandise for the enthusiast at every level .
From high quality pool tables and furniture to the most unique ball sets and effective training tools in the world , we have the perfect gift for even the person who has everything .
[ Of course – who the hell has Elephant balls ?!
Oh – well , except that Internet Meme squirrel that was passed around a while back . ]
8. Gray Poupon
Grey Poupon is a Dijon mustard now made by Kraft Foods .
It is currently the best - selling Dijon - style mustard in the United States .
Thanks – but no thanks !
Here is the original commercial :
7. Sars
This drink , made by Golden Circle unfortunately shares its name with the SARS ( Severe acute respiratory syndrome ) virus .
There have been two pandemics of SARS reported in recent years .
The drink is sarsaparilla flavored and is sold in all New Zealand supermarkets ( and maybe in other countries where Golden Circle products are found ) .
6. Jussipussi
An “ interesting ” bread product by Finnish company primula .
Frankly – I am speechless .
5. Kagome
Founded in 1899 by Ichitaro Kanie , a Japanese pioneer in tomato cultivation , Kagome has grown to become the largest producer of Japanese tomato products and a major producer of other fruit and vegetable foods .
Unfortunately , in Portuguese and probably Spanish this sounds like “ I shit myself ” .
4. I.beat Blaxx
Need an mp3 player but do n’t like the Apple range of iPods ?
Look no further than German company Trekstor who produce the I.beat Blaxx .
At the time of publishing this article , Trekstor have renamed the black edition of the I. beat to just “ Blaxx ” – I wonder why .
3. Vagisil
Vagisil is a full line of feminine hygiene products made by Combe Incorporated .
In 2007 , Vagisil introduced the Vagisil Screening Kit .
At least they get straight to the point I guess .
2. Anusol
Anusol is an over - the - counter medication that can be used to treat hemorrhoids ( also known as piles ) .
The Anusol range includes creams , ointments , and the popular ( WTF ! ) suppository form of treatment .
For those who may not be aware , suppositories are waxy objects you stick up your bum .
Let ’s hope you do n’t need a price check on this one next time you are at the supermarket !
1. Ayds
Ayds ( pronounced aids ) was a diet candy from the 1980s .
The NY Times ( 1982 ) reported that the active ingredient in AYDS was phenylpropanolamine – a substance the FDA has now ruled “ not recognized as safe ” .
Here is a bonus – a truly cringe - worthy advert for Ayds :
Ca n’t get enough ?
Here is another .
YANGON ( Reuters ) - Hundreds of Buddhist monks rounded up by Myanmar ’s junta were beaten and kept in animal - like conditions without toilets or drinking water during days of interrogation , one of those freed said on Thursday .
“ At the beginning it was very , very bad , ” one recently released monk told Reuters , requesting anonymity because of the threat of repercussions against those who speak out against the regime , the latest face of 45 years of unbroken military rule .
Caged for more than a week at a former Government Technical Institute compound in north Yangon , the monks -- revered figures in the devoutly Buddhist nation -- were stripped of their maroon monastic robes and treated like common criminals .
“ When one of us used a pronoun referring to himself as a monk , he was slapped , ” the monk said .
“ Then an interrogator said : ‘ You are no longer a monk .
You are just an ordinary man with a shaven head . ’ ”
The monks , mostly young men whom the army sees as the biggest threat to its iron grip on power because of their moral authority , were packed into rooms so tightly they could not lie down , let alone sleep , in the sweltering monsoon season heat .
For days , they had no toilet , nowhere to wash their hands , and were forced to scoop up slops of barely cooked rice with their bare hands .
“ We had no spoons or forks so we had to eat with our fingers , ” said the monk , who spent 10 days in the makeshift detention centre .
“ The food was horrible . ”
At times during the relentless barrage of questioning to identify ringleaders of the biggest anti-junta protests in 20 years , the monks were forced to put their hands on their heads and squat while their inquisitors remained seated on chairs .
Those who gave wrong or inadequate answers were hit about the head or kicked , the monk said .
There was no medical treatment , he added , for those hurt during interrogation or during the nocturnal raids on Yangon monasteries in the final week of September , the first wave of a ruthless and clinical response to the demonstrations .
Through its rigidly controlled state media , the junta admits 10 people were killed in the crackdown , although Western governments say the toll is likely to be much higher .
The monk ’s testimony tallies with other accounts of abuse of detainees , including the reported death in custody of a member of the opposition near the former Burma ’s second city of Mandalay .
The Thailand - based Assistance Association for Political Prisoners ( AAPPB ) , a group of former detainees with extensive contacts , said on Wednesday 42 - year - old Win Shwe had died “ as a result of torture during interrogation ” .
As the junta continued to arrest dissidents , official papers accused foreign governments -- essentially the United States and Britain -- and media of stirring up the protests , which started in mid-August against shock increases in fuel prices .
“ Stooges of foreign countries , neglecting the national prestige and integrity , put on a play written by their foreign masters , ” the official New Light of Myanmar said .
A mind is a terrible thing .
Whether because of the brain ’s internal structure or the way social and cultural pressures cause our minds to develop and function , in the end the result is the same : minds that are not only easily deceived and frequently deceptive in their own right , but when caught out , refuse to accept and address their errors .
If you have a mind — or even half a mind — you might be best off losing it entirely .
Barring that , though , there are a few things you should know about the enemy in your head .
Before it hurts someone .
I see red pandas .
In 1978 , a red panda escaped from the Rotterdam zoo .
Hoping to enlist the public in finding this rare and distinctive - looking animal — it looks a bit like raccoon crossed with a small bear , but bright red — the zoo contacted the papers and stories ran in the local press with descriptions and contact information in case the poor creature was seen .
Just as the story ran , the panda was found , dead .
Over the next few days over a hundred red panda sightings were reported .
Keep in mind , red pandas are indigenous to tropical India , not temperate Holland .
There is no chance that some other red panda was being seen and reported to the authorities .
It ’s also not likely that people were hallucinating , either .
What is likely is that people were seeing some other animal or something else they could n’t identify immediately , and interpreting it as a red panda .
Advertising
When confronted with an unknown phenomenon , the brain immediately attempts to impose some kind of pattern or meaning onto it .
Apparently , the brain ca n’t stand not knowing what something is .
What happened in Rotterdam is that the news stories primed people to recognize anything mysterious or otherwise unexplainable as “ red panda ” , despite the unlikeliness .
In other conditions , the template for the unknown might be an angel , Sasquatch , a UFO , faeries , or a will - o- wisp .
Since the brain is working with so little evidence , it essentially makes it up , making our observations highly suspect .
Speaking of Priming
The suggestability of the brain extends to more than just the unknown and unusual .
As it turns out , even everyday events can be shaped by subtle cues in our environment .
In one study , two groups of subjects were asked to fill out a questionnaire , and offered a crumbly biscuit by a research assistant afterward .
In the room where the survey was administered to one of the two groups , there was a hidden pail of water with a splash of cleaning fluid , filling the air with a slight scent .
The survey was a McGuffin ; the real object of the study was to see what subjects would do after they ate the crumbly biscuit .
What happened is this : the participants in the room where the smell of cleaning fluid hung in the air were much more likely to clean up the crumbs left by the biscuit than the others .
Advertising
A subtle effect to be sure ( they ought to try it with teenagers ! ) but a good example of what psychologists call “ priming ” .
Priming calls on deep memory associations in the brain — like the association of the smell of cleaning products with the act of cleaning — which seems to trigger responses without any conscious awareness or intention on our part .
Is n’t that great ?
Hey hey , good looking !
It ’s not just priming that can subtly and unconsciously affect the way we behave ; as it happens , the beliefs other people have about us , even if they do n’t know us , can also affect our behavior .
For example , psychologists set up telephone conversations between a man and a woman .
Neither could see the other .
Before the conversation started , the man was shown a photograph of the woman he was going to meet on the phone .
However , the photograph was actually picked randomly , and depicted either an attractive woman or an unattractive one ( how this was determined I do n’t know ) .
Men who believed they were talking with an attractive woman were much more friendly , active , and open during the conversation than men who believed they were talking to an unattractive woman .
What ’s more , the women — who did not know whether their partners believed they were attractive or unattractive — responded differently depending on the beliefs of their partner .
Women who were believed to be unattractive were more detached , cold , formal , and even rude than those who were believed to be attractive .
Advertising
Clearly these women were picking up on and responding to unconscious clues in the way their male partners spoke to them .
When men were friendly and talkative , the women responded with warmth ; when men were distant , women responded accordingly .
But the subjects themselves did not report any difference in the way they thought they had acted — for them , they were just “ normal ” .
But there ’s more .
In interviews before the conversation took part , the men were asked to describe what they expected their partners to be like .
Men who thought they were about to talk to an attractive woman said they expected her to be warm , open , friendly , and so on — which in most cases is exactly what she was .
Men who expected their partner unattractive thought they would also be cold , distant , and unfriendly — and lo and behold , she was .
In our minds , attractive people are better people — and apparently thinking makes it so .
“ Nothing more than a dog ’s breakfast ”
Well , that ’s brains for you — ” three and a half pounds of blood - soaked sponge ” in Kurt Vonnegut ’s colorful estimation .
Somehow , this little bundle of nerves and fat manages to guide us through our days , most of the time without getting us killed .
Along the way , though , these little quirks — and a host of others , which I ’ll revisit at a later date — can cause a lot of trouble .
Good people ’s talents are overlooked because we do n’t like the looks of them .
The worst aspects of our personalities are brought to the fore because of a subtle environmental cue , like a briefcase on a table .
We imagine things that are n’t there — and get offended when others have the audacity to question our observations .
We find ourselves doing things with no rational explanation for why were doing them — and even worse , sometimes we do n’t find ourselves doing them , we do them without even knowing !
Advertising
It all seems rather hopeless , but I ’m optimistic .
Knowing how our minds get in their own way , we can catch these behaviors and put them right — or put them to work for us .
It takes work — individual work for sure , and in some cases the work of our entire societies .
But I ’m convinced we can think of ways to minimize the negative effects and maximize the positive .
If only we did n’t have to rely on the same brains to figure that out …
Japanese Kaguya spacecraft image of the Moon ( credit : JAXA ) Exploding
Moon myths : or why there ’s no race to our nearest neighbor Germany recently announced that they possibly , maybe , might launch a robotic spacecraft to the Moon .
That now brings to six the number of countries with spacecraft at the Moon in development to go to the Moon , or at the very least thinking about sending a spacecraft to the Moon .
The others are : China , Japan , India , the United States , and the Russians ( who have lots of plans , along with an official motto : “ Please send money . ” )
Just what the heck is going on ?
The lay press , which has only a superficial understanding of space issues , has taken notice of all this space activity and struggled to understand it .
They have reached for explanations , and in the process produced several erroneous theories based upon poor understanding both of what is currently happening , and what has happened in the past regarding exploration of the Moon .
These Moon Myths include :
These countries are involved in a “ space race ” to the Moon .
China , Japan , and India are engaged in an “ Asian space race . ”
The scientific community is newly interested in the Moon and driving these efforts .
There must be something on the Moon that all these countries want — helium - 3 , other resources , or extraterrestrials .
These robotic missions are precursors to something bigger , such as human missions .
There is practically no truth to any of these myths , but they have appeared in numerous articles and , more often , in television news segments .
They are worth exploring , if only to shed a little more light on what is currently going on .
The lay press , which has only a superficial understanding of space issues , has taken notice of all this space activity and struggled to understand it .
Recently China ’s Chang ’e - 1 spacecraft entered lunar orbit .
It followed the Japanese Kaguya mission .
( Kaguya is the Japanese nickname for the satellite , which was previously named “ Selene , ” after a Greek lunar deity . )
Those two missions are currently in orbit .
However , a European Space Agency spacecraft named SMART - 1 was there a few years ago , slowly spiraling down to a deliberate impact with the surface last year .
The Indians plan on launching their Chandrayaan spacecraft next year .
The United States will launch its Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter next year as well .
In addition , Russia has announced plans for a lunar mission known as Luna - Glob and scheduled for launch in 2012 , but their plans are tentative at best .
Assuming that the Japanese and Chinese spacecraft are still operating a year from now , lunar orbit is going to get pretty crowded .
This confuses the press , who look for big picture explanations for all this interest .
Here are the myths deconstructed .
A “ space race ” to the Moon This is the most common myth about all the new lunar activity .
That ’s not surprising considering that it ’s the easiest explanation and the one that reporters are most familiar with — they think that they understand space races .
All that activity must be due to competition , right ?
It must be because all of these countries are struggling to get to the Moon first , or best , or some other competitive goal .
But it ’s not really true .
If you look at the stated reasons for each of these missions and apply a little filtering and some knowledge of space policy and technical capabilities , it becomes obvious that the actual explanation is much less exciting : many of these missions are happening because these countries have recently acquired the capability to go beyond Earth orbit , and the Moon is the closest — and therefore easiest — target beyond Earth orbit .
That ’s it .
It ’s that simple .
There are of course other targets beyond Earth orbit , including Mars , Venus , near Earth objects ( i.e. asteroids ) , and comets .
But these are generally out of reach for less mature space powers .
The European Space Agency , which is quite mature , has mounted missions to Mars , Venus , and a comet — but no lunar missions other than SMART - 1 . Japan has also mounted a mission to an asteroid .
But those missions require more resources and capabilities than the Moon , such as access to deep space communications and better navigation .
So for countries like China and India , the Moon is an easy first step beyond low Earth orbit , but essentially their gateway to more ambitious missions beyond the Moon .
Many of these missions are happening because these countries have recently acquired the capability to go beyond Earth orbit , and the Moon is the closest — and therefore easiest — target beyond Earth orbit .
That ’s it .
Many of the current plans for exploring the Moon were developed with little regard to what other countries are doing , and certainly not in response to them .
In fact , that ’s part of the problem ; there ’s little coordination between the participants when coordination might produce complementary data instead of redundant data .
But there is some cooperation .
The Indian spacecraft , for instance , will carry American and European instruments .
The Russian spacecraft , if it gets built , may carry Japanese impactors intended for Lunar - A .
The relevant space agencies are planning , or at least discussing , sharing their data .
This is not a “ space race ” by any definition .
An “ Asian space race ” Of course , three of these countries are Asian , leading many in the press to talk about an “ Asian space race , ” even if they have no data to back it up .
There is no Asian space race , and just because three Asian countries are sending missions to the Moon does not mean that they are racing each other there .
Japan first launched a lunar mission in 1990 .
That mission had a string of bad luck .
An Earth - orbiting satellite named Hiten deployed a small spacecraft named Hagoromo , which failed to reach lunar orbit .
The Japanese then sent Hiten on a slow trip to the Moon , but it lacked sophisticated instruments or an imager , and has been largely forgotten .
Throughout the 1990s the Japanese space agency worked on a more sophisticated follow - on spacecraft called Lunar - A , which suffered from numerous managerial and technical problems and was finally canceled early this year .
Had Lunar - A not run into problems , then Japan ’s lunar program would have appeared much more methodical , with regular , if infrequent , lunar probes starting seventeen years ago .
Instead , the press has misinterpreted Japan ’s long , if low - key , interest in the Moon as a reaction to China .
Similarly , the fact that China and India have lunar spacecraft does not represent a race between them , but the fact that their economies and technical capabilities are recently emerging .
Their respective governments want to demonstrate to their own people , and also the rest of the world , that they have sophisticated capabilities , “ technonationalism , ” to borrow a phrase from space analyst Joan Johnson - Freese .
But they ’re not “ racing ” each other , and there is every indication that they would be pursuing the same policy even if their Asian counterpart was not .
Renewed scientific interest in the Moon
This is a little more complicated .
There is renewed scientific interest in the Moon , but it is not driving these missions .
Politics , both domestic and international , is driving these new efforts and because these countries have decided to send spacecraft to the Moon , their respective scientists are naturally interested in conducting science there .
The obverse of this argument is the theory that there is nothing of scientific interest on the Moon — Apollo answered it all — and therefore the current interest is all political , i.e. a space race .
But this too is based upon a mistaken assumption .
It is common for lay journalists with little understanding of space policy ( Gregg Easterbrook comes to mind — he wrote this in a January 2004 blog posting ) to claim that there is so little of scientific interest on the Moon that NASA abandoned it for decades .
There is renewed scientific interest in the Moon , but it is not driving these missions .
That ’s a terribly superficial explanation for why there was such a long gap in between lunar missions — 26 years from Apollo to Lunar Prospector , or 22 years from Apollo 17 to the Department of Defense Clementine mission .
The reality is more complex , and mundane .
The United States spent a tremendous amount of money on Apollo and returned a tremendous amount of scientific data from the Moon — despite the fact that Apollo was never about science .
That data was investigated and analyzed and churned and debated and , like all scientific data , raised even more questions .
Some members of the press and the public even labeled Apollo a “ scientific failure ” because it did not definitively answer questions about the Moon ’s origins .
( Newsflash : despite tens of thousands of geologists crawling all over the surface of the Earth for , well , centuries , there remain many unanswered questions about Earth ’s geology as well .
That ’s the way science works : often the answer to one question is a half dozen more complicated questions . )
The problem for lunar scientists was that Apollo had cost so much that it exhausted both the decision makers at the top of the agency and the larger scientific community , which was clamoring for its own big ticket items .
You lunar scientists have had your chance , they said , it ’s time to spend finite dollars on other targets .
But it was not that there was no longer important science to conduct at the Moon , instead , the cost - benefit equation for lunar science had an added component , the Apollo legacy .
Legitimate lunar science questions existed , but could not overcome the Apollo legacy .
Gradually all those lunar scientists dispersed to other disciplines and other questions , primarily those concerning Mars , a bigger rock with big mysteries of its own .
This highlights the fact that space science priorities are not set by a computer ; they are established by humans , in a social context .
Human biases , emotions , and even history all affect those priorities .
Unsurprisingly , this happens not only with the Moon , but with other space sciences as well .
Consider the long delay between Mars missions — Mars Observer was not launched until 1992 , seventeen years after the Viking missions .
Was this long delay because of little scientific interest in Mars ?
No .
It was due to many factors , including delays in the Space Shuttle program .
But it was also due to the fact that Viking had been extremely expensive , and had raised expectations so high ( they were hoping to find life on Mars , and did n’t ) that Mars advocates had a difficult time building a coalition to pursue another mission for a very long time .
There ’s an unfortunate lesson based on history : if you ’re going to spend a lot of money on something , you better get a positive result , or it will be much harder to argue for additional funding in the future .
Resources ( or little green men )
Another common myth , popular among more left - leaning non-American publications , is that all these missions are part of a “ lunar gold rush . ”
Some of this stems from a conspiratorial suspicion about American government motivations — journalists who believe that the United States invaded Iraq to seize oil are just as likely to suspect that the United States is going to send people to the Moon to grab resources there .
They then spin off conspiracy theories about Halliburton or lunar property claims .
The most commonly cited lunar resource is the isotope helium - 3 , which Americans supposedly want to burn in their numerous fusion reactors .
This theory is sometimes fueled by the statements of Chinese and Russian and even Indian officials , who claim that they are sending robots to the Moon to look for the helium - 3 that the Americans supposedly covet so much .
( Proof that dubious claims supporting space exploration are universal . )
It ’s no secret that delusions are more satisfying than reality , but these theories are outlandish .
Nobody who pushes them has bothered to check even basic facts or ask simple questions .
For starters , if the United States is truly interested in helium - 3 for fusion power , how come the American government is spending so little money on fusion research ?
Fusion research budgets were slashed after the Cold War , and have been anemic ever since , in effect demonstrating what little faith the US government has in the potential of fusion power .
( This raises a corollary for space enthusiasts : if you really believe that the Moon has potential as a source of fusion power , you should support dramatic increases in the Department of Energy ’s budget for fusion research , possibly even taking the money from space exploration to fund it . )
If you really believe that the Moon has potential as a source of fusion power , you should support dramatic increases in the Department of Energy ’s budget for fusion research , possibly even taking the money from space exploration to fund it .
There is a humorous offshoot of this theory .
Richard Hoagland , who achieved fame and notoriety in the 1980s by claiming that the “ Face on Mars ” was evidence of extraterrestrial life , has claimed that there are giant extraterrestrial structures on the surface of the Moon — and that ’s why so many countries are sending spacecraft there .
Of course , none of these countries have said that this is why they are launching these missions .
But the lack of evidence has never stopped Hoagland before , so why should it do so now ?
Human missions
Naturally , all these robotic missions have led to press speculation that they are simply precursors to human missions to the Moon .
But there is only one country with declared ambitions to send humans to the Moon , the United States .
NASA ’s Lunar Reconnaissance
Orbiter is clearly designed to support the human lunar program , and its primary mission is to return high resolution maps of the lunar surface for planning operations for humans .
No other country — not Germany , India , Russia , Japan or China — has intentions of sending humans to the Moon .
Russia has discussed the possibility of tourist missions around the Moon ( remember their motto : “ Please send money . ” ) .
India has announced preliminary plans to launch a human spacecraft in perhaps ten years , and recently at the International Astronautical Federation ( IAF ) conference in India some of their officials mused that they might like to send humans to the Moon — someday .
China is more complicated , however .
As Jim Oberg , a well - known and longtime observer of the Soviet and Russian space programs has noted , today we know far more publically about what the Chinese space plans are than we ever did about what the Soviet plans were during the Cold War .
The Chinese release photographs and video of their spacecraft , talk about them at conferences and special events ( see “ China , competition , and cooperation ” , The Space Review , April 10 , 2006 ) , and even produce PowerPoint slides on their future plans .
They have made clear that their lunar robotic plans include an orbiter in 2007 , a soft landing in 2012 , and lunar sample return in 2017 .
Their human plans are slightly more obscure , but Chinese officials have stated that their goal is to conduct a spacewalk in 2008 , a rendezvous perhaps by 2010 , followed eventually by a small space station by 2015 .
They have also stated that they have no plans for landing humans on the Moon in the next decade , but might begin thinking about it only after they have conducted a sample return mission by 2017 .
After Chang ’e was launched , Chinese officials were even more blunt .
In its November 5 issue Aviation Week & Space Technology quoted several Chinese space officials emphatically denying that they have any manned lunar plans , and all noting that China lacks the technology or the expertise to undertake such a mission .
This was borne out by a peculiar observation made by a lot of people at the recent IAF conference in India : virtually no Chinese space officials showed up despite the fact that China is located right next door to India .
When one of the few who did show was queried about it , he said that virtually everybody was involved with the Chang ’e launch and could not attend .
Certainly the launch was important to China , but so is showing off to the rest of the world at space conferences , and their lack of attendance is consistent with what the officials told Aviation Week : the Chinese simply do n’t have the depth of technical experience to do much more than they are doing already .
Of course , they could be lying .
But why should they ?
Or more precisely , why should they tell the truth about the rest of their civil space program and lie about this ?
Chinese officials prefer secrecy and obfuscation to baldfaced lies .
They keep their military space plans secret , but they talk about their space exploration efforts quite a lot .
And so far their statements concerning space exploration have been consistent with their actions , so allegations of deception require a higher standard of proof than simply a gut instinct .
Furthermore , there ’s been no indication that they are lying about their lunar plans .
High resolution commercial reconnaissance satellites overfly China every day .
Where ’s the evidence of Chinese construction of lunar rocket launch facilities , or the kinds of test facilities they will require for a lunar lander ?
All of the media reports that China is planning on sending humans to the Moon are based upon flimsy evidence that , when traced back to its source , quickly falls apart due to poor translation or misunderstanding of Chinese comments .
For example , several years ago it was common for media sources — Agence France Press was the worst — to assume that Chinese discussions of plans for “ lunar sample return ” in 2017 meant “ human lunar landing ” in 2017 .
They did n’t .
Members of the media claiming that China has plans for sending humans to the Moon need better evidence than their own sloppy past articles .
It ’s all happening on the Moon
The recent press coverage of Germany ’s possible interest in the Moon is yet another demonstration of how the press can get it wrong about this subject .
To be fair , the article itself was pretty clear : the German government did not announce an actual lunar program , even if Reuters chose the misleading and awkward headline “ Germany Plans Unmanned Lunar Orbit . ”
( How does one plan a “ lunar orbit ” anyway ? )
A senior government official merely acknowledged that the German aerospace agency was submitting a plan for a Lunar Exploration Orbiter to the government leadership for approval .
The German government long ago gutted its space program following reunification in order to divert money to rebuilding the former East Germany — in some ways putting German aerospace in the same situation as emerging space powers like China and India .
The Chinese lack of attendance at the recent IAF conference is consistent with what officials told Aviation Week : the Chinese simply do n’t have the depth of technical experience to do much more than they are doing already .
But Germany ’s recent announcement was not a complete surprise to close observers of international space programs .
A German company recently completed a government - funded study of a potential planetary exploration program called Mona - Lisa which includes both lunar orbiters and landers .
So clearly somebody in the German government was thinking about changing course and possibly reinvigorating their space program .
Whether the German government wants to truly revive its moribund space program remains an open question .
But the German parliamentary official stated why he thinks Germany should do this and it has nothing to do with a space race ( Asian or Aryan ) , resources , or humans , although he said it would be “ useful ” for scientific research .
“ It is , ” he said , “ a chance for Germany to prove its competence in this area . ”
India , China , and Japan have all said that same thing .
It ’s too bad that often the press prefers their myths to the facts .
A brochure on the Mona - Lisa study can be found here .
The author wishes to acknowledge the assistance of Paolo Ulivi .
Home
The following four actresses appear on the new series " Dirty Sexy Money . "
Can you figure out
which one was not born a biological woman ?
All my life I ’ve been an inwardly directed person .
While some people like to think out loud , I prefer to process the world internally , answer my own questions , and come to a conclusion before speaking up .
This personality trait has benefits and drawbacks .
On the positive side , it ’s a source of strength as a writer and analytical thinker .
Without it I would n’t have taken an interest in books / writing and this site would n’t exist .
On the downside , my tendency to keep everything inside is responsible for one of my major weaknesses — shyness .
Understanding Shyness
Shyness is rooted in fear — an irrational fear of speaking up and being humiliated or ignored .
Why are some people so afraid of speaking out ?
In my mind the main causes are oversensitivity and insecurity .
When you associate speaking out with pain and embarrassment , you ’ll do almost anything to avoid it .
Unfortunately , shyness is an enormous detriment to success .
For people who share this problem , it ’s important to understand the causes and work towards overcoming it .
It ’s Not You It ’s Them
For naturally quiet people , the fear of speaking can arise from a few bad experiences , especially at an early age .
When an adult reacts angrily or dismissively to an attempt at self expression , it ’s natural to take it personally and shy away from future expression .
Even if this only happens once or twice , people tend to exaggerate these incidents until they become mental monsters .
Growing up , it took me a long time to realize how self centered people are .
The way someone reacts to something you say usually has nothing to do with you –it ’s more likely a reflection of the mood they ’re in or a recent event in their life .
A key to overcoming shyness is recognizing these perceived slights for what they are –meaningless .
When someone reacts to you negatively , do n’t take it personally .
Imagine the other person ’s perspective .
Is there something that may have put them in a bad mood ?
Are they trying to cover up their own inadequacy ?
Considering the perspective of the other person makes it easier to put their reaction in the proper context .
It ’s also essential to let go of bad experiences .
When you dwell on a bad experience , it grows into something much more frightening than reality .
Do n’t do this to yourself !
The more you think about a bad experience the more power you give it .
Do n’t blame yourself .
Think about something constructive .
The more you can fill your mind with positive memories of speaking up the easier it gets .
Other People Are n’t So Different
Another important step in overcoming shyness is realizing that other people are basically the same as you .
Everyone is insecure and afraid of embarrassment .
Other people usually are n’t as smart as you think .
If you have a question , chances are someone else is wondering about the same thing .
Do n’t let one or two bad experiences dictate your entire opinion of humanity .
By and large , people are friendly and interested in connecting with others .
They ’ll respond favorably to your attempts at communicating .
In most cases , people will be thrilled that you took the initiative to break the ice .
Realizing Self Worth
The second cause of shyness is insecurity .
If you do n’t think you have anything valuable to contribute , what ’s the point of risking embarrassment ?
To get over this you need to recognize the merit of your own thoughts and the value they present to others .
It ’s ironic that the people most inclined towards shyness are often the most thoughtful .
To reach your potential , you need to share yourself with the world .
Your brilliant insights do n’t hold any value until they ’ve enlightened someone else .
The best way to get accustomed to sharing is practice .
Force yourself to speak up , especially when you do n’t want to .
Sit in the front of the room and make yourself visible .
Understand that sharing your insights with people is doing them a favor .
Once you get used to opening up , you ’ll notice how positively people react .
This will build your self confidence and faith in the goodwill of others .
The Duty to Contribute
Overcoming shyness is n’t just something you should do for yourself , it ’s also part of being a contributing member of society .
When you have a thought or idea that deserves to be heard , you ’re not only hurting yourself by keeping quiet , you ’re hurting the people around you .
A basketball coach once explained to me how passing can selfish .
If a player has an open shot that she can make , and she decides to pass instead , that player is being selfish and hurting the team .
When you pass up the chance to excel because of shyness or the fear of failure , you ’re hurting the group to shelter yourself .
Other people need you .
They need your intelligence and insight .
They need your help to work through problems .
By hiding behind shyness , you limit the help you can give to your friends , family members , and colleagues .
A college professor of mine used to make a big deal about overcoming shyness .
He called it a , “ silly , foolish habit , ” and said , “ the sooner you can break it the better . ”
Shyness does n’t benefit anyone .
Saving yourself a little embarrassment does n’t amount to much in the long run .
By overcoming shyness , you give yourself the chance to be recognized and promoted .
You create opportunities and open yourself up to forming meaningful relationships .
Do n’t keep your talent inside , share at every opportunity so it can grow and flourish .
See also :
Image by mcwong
Do n’t Forget To Follow PickTheBrain on Twitter !
I ’ve been diving into OCaml recently and I ’m using my usual diving board .
Whenever I want to learn another programming language , the first thing that I write is an xUnit - style testing framework .
I do n’t do it just because I love testing frameworks , although that ’s reason enough , I guess – writing one makes learning and working in a new language much more enjoyable .
No , I do it because implementing xUnit forces you into the nooks and crannies of a language early .
The first thing that you do is look for reflection , exceptions , and object structuring .
Once you ’ve used those parts in a language , you may not know the best way to do things yet , but you can survive .
So , here 's the core of my first - attempt OCaml xUnit – the test_case class :
class virtual test_case test_name = object ( self ) method set_up = ( ) method tear_down = ( ) method virtual run_test : test_result -> unit method run result = result # test_started ; self #set_up ; try self # run_test result with TestFailure message -> result #add_failure test_name message ; self # tear_down end ; ;
The run method contains a straightforward implementation of the template method design pattern .
In OCaml , virtual means abstract .
The run_test method is implemented in subclasses of test_case .
Any exceptions that are thrown in a test are caught and passed to an instance of a class named test_result .
As it stands , this little xUnit works .
It 's functional , but it is n't really functional .
In OCaml , you 'd expect to see some functional idioms in use , but it 's hard to see where they should be used .
In xUnit tests have state .
They call set_up to create it , and tear_down to get rid of it .
How do you handle state in a functional way ?
The typical answer in functional programming is to parameterize .
Imagine that we do n't have classes and we want to do everything that test_case run does .
We 'd end up with a function that looks something like this :
let run_test setup test_function tear_down result =
set_up ;
try test_function result with
TestFailure message ->
add_failure result message ;
tear_down
Nice , but look at all of those parameters !
Makes you wish for objects again , does n't it ?
Well , not so fast .
One of the cooler things you can do in functional languages is partial application .
You can create a function that is defined as the application of another function to some subset of its arguments .
So , if I want to have a set of tests that use the same setup and teardown , I can define a new function like this :
let xpath_test = run_test xpath_setup xpath_teardown
If you remember from above , run_test takes four arguments : set_up , tear_down , test_function , and result .
What we 've done now is bind xpath_test so that it uses xpath_setup and xpath_teardown any time that it is called .
However , you still have to pass the other two arguments ( test_function and result ) :
xpath_test a_test_function a_result
So , really , you do n't need objects for template method - like work in a functional programming language .
But , there is one little problem : state .
When you 're working in an object , you have shared state among your functions by default .
When you working with functions alone , you have to pass state .
Here 's how Ounit ( a much more functional xUnit ported from Haskell ) solves the problem :
let bracket set_up f tear_down ( ) =
let fixture = set_up () in
try
f fixture ;
tear_down fixture
with e ->
tear_down fixture ;
raise e
The bracket function assumes that set_up will return a fixture of some sort .
It also assumes that the test function and tear_down will accept the fixture .
It looks a little convoluted , but I suspect that template method looks convoluted to many people also .
I suspect that over time I 'll start to see functional solutions from the very beginning , but it 's nice to see that the path toward more functional style is n't very rocky .
Mood is intimately connected to feeding behavior , which in turn impacts mood .
Given that a fairly radical departure from normal feeding — calorie restriction ( CR ) — is one of the most widely discussed and promising means of extending lifespan in a wide range of organisms , it seems reasonable to ask whether CR significantly impacts psychology .
( It has already been reported that CR in humans can result in behavioral changes including hoarding . )
Chandler - Laney et al. investigated the neurochemistry and behavior of rats subjected to a regimen of periodic calorie restriction , and conclude that the treatment has a deleterious effect on the animals ’ mood :
A history of caloric restriction induces neurochemical and behavioral changes in rats consistent with models of depression A history of dieting is common in individuals suffering from eating disorders for which depression and mood disturbances are also comorbid .
We investigated the effect of a history of caloric restriction ( HCR ) in rats that involved cyclic food restriction and refeeding with varying levels of access to palatable food ( PF ) on : 1 ) responses to the SSRI , fluoxetine ; 2 ) monoamine levels in brain regions central to the control of feeding , reward , and mood regulation ; and 3 ) behavioral tests of anxiety and depression .
HCR coupled with intermittent but not daily access to PF exaggerated rats ’ anorectic response to fluoxetine ( p < 0.05 ) ; was associated with a significant 71 % and 58 % reduction of 5 - HT and dopamine , respectively , in the medial prefrontal cortex ; and induced behaviors consistent with models of depression .
HCR , irrespective of access to PF , abolished the strong association between 5 - HT and dopamine turnover in the nucleus accumbens in control rats ( r = 0.71 vs. – 0.06 , p < 0.01 ) .
Access to PF , irrespective of HCR , reduced hypothalamic dopamine .
Together , these findings suggest that a history of frequent food restriction - induced weight fluctuation imposes neurochemical changes that negatively impact feeding and mood regulation .
Taken at face value , this would seem to have dire ramifications for humans considering undergoing CR for the purposes of health or lifespan extension , inasmuch as we would like to not only increase the extent of life but also its quality .
In its most severe forms , depression is a crippling ( even fatal ) illness .
Even if the average effect is small on the hypothetical median human , this same slight change could serve as a triggering event in people already prone to depression .
At the very least , a history of depression would be a significant counter - indication for someone considering CR .
But they do n’t pay us the big bucks to take the results of studies at face value .
A question that must be answered , before we begin extrapolating from rats to humans , is : Does this study employ a fair model of CR ?
The authors were informed by an interest in pathological food restriction ( i.e. , eating disorders ) , suggesting that achieving a good fit to life - extension CR was n’t high on their list .
Furthermore , the feeding pattern in this study is cyclical , rather than constant .
It seems possible that the frequent changes in food availability , rather than the restriction of supply per se , are what ’s bothering the subject animals .
So what we ’d like to see is a study in which food availability is chronically restricted , without temporal variation .
Fortunately ( for us , not the rats ) , another group has done just that .
In Jahng et al. , the authors subjected young rats to CR , and found 5 - HT reductions and behavioral alterations that are consistent with the paper discussed above :
Chronic food restriction in young rats results in depression - and anxiety - like behaviors with decreased expression of serotonin reuptake transporter Evidence of semi-starvation is commonly found in patients with eating disorders .
This study was conducted to examine the adverse effects of chronic caloric restriction in young rats , since there have been increasing incidence of eating disorders especially among young populations .
Food restriction group was supplied daily with 50 % of chow consumed by its ad libitum fed control group from postnatal day 28 .
After 5 weeks of food restriction , brain contents of serotonin ( 5 - hydroxy - tryptamine ; 5 - HT ) and its metabolite 5 - hydroxyindol acetic acid were analyzed by high - performance liquid chromatography and mRNA expression of 5 - HT reuptake transporter ( 5 - HTT ) by in situ hybridization .
Plasma corticosterone levels were determined by radioimmunoassay .
Behavioral assessments were performed with Porsolt swim test for depressive behavior and with elevated plus maze test for anxiety .
Five weeks of food restriction markedly increased plasma level of corticosterone , and significantly decreased 5 - HT turnover rates in the hippocampus and the hypothalamus .
5 - HTT mRNA expression decreased in the raphe nucleus of food restricted rats compared with free fed controls .
Immobility time during the swim test increased in the food restricted group , compared to the control group .
Food restricted rats spent more time in the closed arms , less time in the open arms , of elevated plus maze compared with control rats .
These results suggest that chronic caloric restriction in young rats may lead to the development of depressive and / or anxiety disorders , likely , in relation with dysfunction of brain 5 - HT system .
Once again , these authors are approaching the question from the perspective of eating disorders rather than life extension , but I ’m not sure that matters :
The body does n’t know why it ’s not getting a certain amount of food , just that it is n’t .
On the other hand , the CR regimen in this study is very stringent ( 50 % ad libitum , as opposed to the ~ 60 % used in most life extension studies ) , so it ’s possible that these rats are outside the critical CR zone and into the realm of frank starvation and malnutrition .
Still : there ’s no cycling , and the results are the same as for Chandler - Laney et al. , so I ’m comfortable with the tentative conclusion that the cycling was n’t the problem .
Taking both papers together , along with the cautions about their applicability to CR as biogerontologists understand it , my overall impression is that I really wish someone would couple a long - term CR experiment ( in which life extension and other CR benefits , such as delayed cancer and diabetes , are observed ) with behavioral and neurochemical studies of this kind .
The CR field has been good about measuring not just quantity of life but also quality — but thus far , “ quality of life ” has been limited to readily quantified metrics of health , rather than evidence of psychological well - being ( or its lack ) .
One of the reasons that I ’m prone to believe the results , as well as their extrapolated interpretation , is that a connection between CR and depression makes a certain amount of sense from an evolutionary standpoint :
If an organism believes ( because of feeding history and other cues such as smells ) that the environment is currently stressful and hostile — empty of food , but full of predators trying to eat it — one adaptive strategy would be to just stay in the burrow , doing nothing much and waiting it out .
If the mechanism by which this occurs is psychological depression , too bad .
No one said that Darwinian fitness had to be fun .
Depression , clearly maladaptive when chronic and unrelated to stimuli , may well have adaptive benefits under certain circumstances .
On a final note : Assuming for the moment that some degree of depression is a consequence of even healthy well - managed CR , it ’s possible that efficacious calorie restriction mimetic drugs might also trigger similar mood problems .
As such pharmaceuticals become available ( and that will be within a few years ) , determining where in the pathway a drug target acts , relative to the signaling events that result in psychological phenotypes , will be critical .
Coffee makes us say ' yes ' ABC Science Online
The Australian researchers say a caffeine hit improves our ability to process information and increases the extent to which we listen to and take on board a persuasive message .
They tested this by quizzing people about their attitudes to voluntary euthanasia and abortion before and after either the equivalent of about two cups of coffee or a placebo .
They were also given a persuasive argument to read after having the caffeine .
The experiments showed that " caffeine increases persuasion through instigating systematic processing of the message " .
But caffeine also puts people in a better mood , which makes them more likely to agree with a message , the researchers say .
The research is posted on the
What does this mean for advertising ?
Co-author Dr Blake McKimmie says the research suggests that caffeine increases our ability to scrutinise the content of a message .
The study has implications for advertisers , he says , because it suggests that they should schedule adverts for times when people are likely to be consuming caffeine , such as breakfast time .
Drinking too much coffee , however , means we 're more likely to be distracted by peripheral factors , rather than the strength of the argument .
" So if you 're looking at an advertisement you may be more distracted by the attractiveness of the person selling it than the actual product , " he says .
Caffeine on the brain
Associate Professor Pradeep Nathan of
The Melbourne - based researcher says it improves memory and makes us pay closer attention to tasks at hand .
" It does improve attention and it can improve memory so by being more attentive and remembering your attitude to a particular thing may change , " he says .
" If you 're more attentive , yes [ it does have implications for advertising ] .
Advertising works on the principle of getting people 's attention , you want to get as many people interested in your ads as possible . "
But will it last ?
Geoff Kelly is the chief executive officer of an Australian consultancy that advises governments and corporations on how to get people to buy a particular message .
He says there are different levels of persuasion and the key to success lies in whether the persuasion is long term .
" Many things can be instrumental in persuasion but will they last in the long term ? " he says .
" If I have the magical technique to take you out to dinner it might work , but it does n't mean I can get you to go out with me . "
If you want to bring someone around to your way of thinking you should make sure they 've got a cup of coffee in their hand , according to research showing that caffeine makes us more open to persuasion .
The Australian researchers say a caffeine hit improves our ability to process information and increases the extent to which we listen to and take on board a persuasive message .
They tested this by quizzing people about their attitudes to voluntary euthanasia and abortion before and after either the equivalent of about two cups of coffee or a placebo .
They were also given a persuasive argument to read after having the caffeine .
The experiments showed that " caffeine increases persuasion through instigating systematic processing of the message " .
But caffeine also puts people in a better mood , which makes them more likely to agree with a message , the researchers say .
The research is posted on the Queensland University of Technology website and is submitted for publication in the European Journal of Social Psychology Co-author Dr Blake McKimmie says the research suggests that caffeine increases our ability to scrutinise the content of a message .
The study has implications for advertisers , he says , because it suggests that they should schedule adverts for times when people are likely to be consuming caffeine , such as breakfast time .
Drinking too much coffee , however , means we 're more likely to be distracted by peripheral factors , rather than the strength of the argument .
" So if you 're looking at an advertisement you may be more distracted by the attractiveness of the person selling it than the actual product , " he says .
Associate Professor Pradeep Nathan of Monash University , an expert in behavioural neuroscience who was not involved in the research , says caffeine stimulates the central nervous system including the brain , where it affects several neurotransmitters .
The Melbourne - based researcher says it improves memory and makes us pay closer attention to tasks at hand .
" It does improve attention and it can improve memory so by being more attentive and remembering your attitude to a particular thing may change , " he says .
"
If you 're more attentive , yes [ it does have implications for advertising ] .
Advertising works on the principle of getting people 's attention , you want to get as many people interested in your ads as possible .
" Geoff Kelly is the chief executive officer of an Australian consultancy that advises governments and corporations on how to get people to buy a particular message .
He says there are different levels of persuasion and the key to success lies in whether the persuasion is long term .
" Many things can be instrumental in persuasion but will they last in the long term ? " he says .
"
If I have the magical technique to take you out to dinner it might work , but it does n't mean I can get you to go out with me . "
Related Stories
Gene spells danger for coffee addicts , News in Science 8 Mar 2006 Caffeine , Science Quizzes ABC Science Online 2006 Coffee breaks can make you stressed , News in Science 18 Feb 2004
More News Health & Medical • Environment & Nature • Space & Astronomy • Being Human • Ancient Worlds • Innovation & Technology • Science News Archives
Please send any tips to advance the story below to : scott@harpers.org .
Hopfully , Horton 's piece will flush out some more info ; these people who talked to Horton are risking their careers , even if they are anon .
Know of a federal FEC prosecution in your city of individual (s ) who are attorneys who contributed to major Dem pres .
candidates ?
Run a Nexis ( if you have access ) .
Straight - up , I talked to an ex-FBI agent about a prosecution ( not related to this posted piece ) by a US Atty , and he / she told me there are a lot of people at Justice biting their tougues on a lot of shit .
This is a story with legs ; push it !
Writes Horton :
In the last two weeks , two sources , one of them inside of the Justice Department , have told me that a scheme was hatched in the upper echelons of the Bush Administration shortly after it took office in 2001 or early in 2002 .
The project identified John Edwards and Hilary Clinton as likely Democratic challengers to President Bush , and identified prominent trial lawyers around the United States as the likely financial vehicle for his rise .
It directed that their campaign finance records be fly - specked , and that offenses not be treated as administrative matters but rather as serious criminal offenses .
The scheme contemplated among other things that raids be staged on the law offices involved , and that the records seized not be limited to campaign finance — there was an acute interest in all politically oriented documents , in order to seize valuable intelligence on strategic planning from the enemy camp .
This all sounds rather fantastic — even more insidious than the enemies list days of the Nixon era .
It is precisely the sort of crude harassment that a primitive dictatorship would use against its enemies — like Alexander Lukashenko in today ’s Belarus , for instance .
But as the descriptions were passed to me , I instantly recognized the pattern described recently in a case which has made the headlines in Michigan involving a prominent lawyer there , and a second case in Los Angeles .
According to one source , the number of these cases is at least five and they are scattered about the country .
One case , described to me in some detail , closely matches the pattern in Michigan and Los Angeles and occurred in the south on the Gulf of Mexico .
Why , I wondered , would the attorneys involved not scream bloody murder about this ?
Then it struck me .
The threat of criminal investigation and prosecution is devastating to their law practices .
Of course , they would keep it completely secret .
And that silence has made the entire scheme possible .
I am told that these cases involved the attorneys general personally — both John Ashcroft and Alberto Gonzales — that their go - ahead was needed to stage the raids .
And that in each case , the greatest concern within the political pirates commanding the operation has been that the public would get wind of the bigger picture .
It was essential to pull it off that each case be viewed as something standing all on its own , and that the fact that there was a politically motivated project be obscured .
The key factor here is that all the cases involve campaign finance violations which are of a rather mundane nature .
And in each case the FEC violations have been hyped into something quite preposterous .
The political angle , I am told , is simple : make trial attorney ’s money radioactive .
Dry up the source .
Take out a key element of the Democrats ’ campaign finance strategy .
This looks very suspiciously like a Rove strategy .
" If we drive out or expel this company [ Blackwater ] immediately there will be a security vacuum ... " Iraqi government spokesman to Reuters .
Efficient .
If you count the costs of 8 to 9 support personnel ( in the DoD 's extremely long bureaucratic " tail " ) needed to field every US soldier in the field and state - side rotations , the high pay for individual private military employees is a bargain ( certainly less than half the cost for a government soldier , not even counting the savings associated with medical care / retirements ) .
.
If you count the costs of 8 to 9 support personnel ( in the DoD 's extremely long bureaucratic " tail " ) needed to field every US soldier in the field and state - side rotations , the high pay for individual private military employees is a bargain ( certainly less than half the cost for a government soldier , not even counting the savings associated with medical care / retirements ) .
Scalable .
There are currently 20,000 PMC trigger pullers in Iraq .
These men are guarding facilities and key people across the country .
This is likely nearly the same number of trigger pullers ( as opposed to support personnel ) as the entire US military currently has in the country .
Without these men , the US military would barely be able to field a force large enough to patrol Baghdad .
.
There are currently 20,000 PMC trigger pullers in Iraq .
These men are guarding facilities and key people across the country .
This is likely nearly the same number of trigger pullers ( as opposed to support personnel ) as the entire US military currently has in the country .
Without these men , the US military would barely be able to field a force large enough to patrol Baghdad .
Contingent .
Unlike the hordes of bureaucratic Defense contractors that will permanently infest the halls of the DoD , private military companies field mission specific employees .
IF there is a withdrawal from Iraq , there will be bust in the PMC industry as firms quickly shed employees .
An inconvenient truth missing in the debate over ( which is currently in trouble with the Iraqi government over a shooting incident ) , is that the US military is completely dependent on private military companies ( PMCs ) .
This dependency can't be wished away or reversed .
If anything , given the trend lines , PMCs will increasingly replace conventional military forces well into the future .
The reasons are simple .
Private military companies are :
How about a HEMI - powered BBQ grill ?
That ’s right , you ’ll find that and more in this cool list of gadgets .
HEMI - Powered BBQ Grill
For those who ’ve always wanted a BBQ grill that can cook up to 240 hot dogs in just 3 minutes , check out Tim Kowalec ’s custom creation — powered by a monstrous 345 hp 5.7L V8 HEMI engine .
I love to BBQ but I am not sure I am satisfied with my department store model after looking at some of these crazy BBQs .
Tim Kowalec built this HEMI - powered BBQ grill for Chrysler ’s “ What Can You HEMI ? ” contest
[ Source ]
Wooden Cadillac
Jerry Nickel spent nearly four years building this masterpiece .
The body consists of laminated 1 - inch strips of mahogany , 1,000 board - feet of wood ( cut into 4183 pieces ) , 5 gallons of glue , 60 pounds of drywall screws , and 4 gallons of varnish .
It ’s powered by two 500 cubic inch Cadillac V8 engines .
There ’s little doubt that this car is one of a kind .
Nickel got the idea to build a wooden car from an article in a 1955 issue of Hot Rod magazine .
Once Nickel retired from the waste collection business , he began making his dream come true
[ Source 1 via 2 ]
V8 Chainsaw
Home Grown Water Hyacinth
To hold down the liner , I cut some 1/8 " thick by 1.25 " wide redwood 6.5 feet long and screwed it to the very top inside lip of the barrel ( well above water level ) using stainless steel screws .
The liner was held captive between the barrel and the redwood .
I hope that you have better luck with the wood strips .
Even though I soaked them in water and pre-bent them , they cracked during installation .
Oh well , just adds character .
A utility knife was used to trim off the excess liner to the top of the redwood .
I bought some water hyacinth and water lettuce which you can find at most pond shops to float around in the barrel , as well as a few taller accent water plants in plastic pots I made a couple plant shelves with the scrap eggcrate light diffuser panels from the Home Depot .
I cut crescent shaped sections from the panels about 5 " wide to serve as a shelf and then cut out the grid as done previously to create a ~ 1 " square for each leg .
Later we bought a water lilly .
( Mental Floss ) --
You can keep your Bluebeards and your Blackbeards .
The most successful pirate of all time controlled a fleet of more than 1,500 ships and upwards of 80,000 sailors -- and she did it all without the help of facial hair .
Tall ships like the La Boudeuse used to face threats from pirates as they sailed around the world .
When a Chinese pirate captain named Cheng married a beautiful prostitute in 1801 , he was n't just getting the girl of his dreams ; he was making the best financial investment of his career .
His new bride , known to history as Cheng I Sao , or " Wife of Cheng , " agreed to the marriage on one condition -- that she would share equally in his power and would be given the opportunity to help him secure more wealth .
Sounded like a deal to Cheng , and for the next six years , the husband and wife teamed up to grow their piracy business along the coast of the South China Sea , as far south as Malaysia .
But then , in 1807 , Cheng passed away .
Instead of stepping aside like a " proper " widow , Cheng I Sao promptly took the reins .
Thinking outside the treasure box
Although clearly ahead of her time , Cheng I Sao was shrewd enough to realize that the pirate masses were n't likely as enlightened .
So , her first act as leader was to make her husband 's second - in - command , Chang Pao , official captain of the fleet .
While Chang Pao led the men into battle , Cheng I Sao focused her attention on business , military strategy , and the enormous task of governing a growing body of ruffians .
In the years following her husband 's death , she steadily brought more and more outlaws under the banner of her Red Flag Fleet .
In fact , Cheng I Sao was eventually responsible for nearly all the piracy in the region and her fleet exceeded the size of many countries ' navies .
She also expanded the scope of the business , branching out from simple attack - and - pillage jobs to protection schemes , blackmail , and extortion .
Cheng I
Sao 's reach also extended to the mainland , where she set up an extensive spy network and developed economic ties with farmers who would supply her men with food .
If Cheng I Sao 's business practices were exemplary , then her system of pirate law was nothing short of revolutionary .
The code of conduct she wrote for her men prescribed much harsher punishments than previous pirate laws had .
A disobeyed order was cause for beheading ( as was stealing from the common plunder ) , and deserters stood to lose their ears .
Ironically , Cheng I Sao 's most famous laws applied to the taking of female prisoners .
Ugly women were returned to shore , free of charge .
Attractive captives were auctioned off to the crew , unless a pirate personally purchased the captive , in which case they were considered married .
Of course , if that pirate cheated on his new bride , Cheng I Sao had him killed .
The not - so - bitter end
Murder , thievery , and intricate crime syndicates will eventually garner the full attention of the law , and Cheng I Sao certainly had the authorities on her tail .
But , here again , she proved more successful than her male counterparts .
Cheng I Sao repelled attack after attack by both the Chinese navy and the many Portuguese and British bounty hunters brought in to help capture her .
Then , in 1810 , the Chinese government tried a different tactic -- they offered her universal pirate amnesty in exchange for peace .
Cheng I Sao jumped at the opportunity and headed for the negotiating table .
There , the pirate queen arranged what was , all told , a killer deal .
Fewer than 400 of her men received any punishment , and a mere 126 were executed .
The remaining pirates got to keep their booty and were offered military jobs .
As for Cheng I Sao , she retired with her loot and her new husband ( former righthand man , Chang Pao ) and opened a gambling house .
She died peacefully in 1844 , a 69 - year - old grandmother .
E-mail to a friend
For more mental_floss articles , visit mentalfloss.com
Entire contents of this article copyright , Mental Floss LLC .
All rights reserved .
All About Pirates
Text size
FOR CELEBRATED BOND FUND MANAGER Jeffrey Gundlach , the intensifying meltdown in the U.S. housing market has all the inevitability of a Sophoclean tragedy .
The Chief Investment Officer of Santa Monica , Calif . - based TCW Group has been sounding warnings for more than a year that mortgage lenders had taken leave of their senses by spooning out mortgages without owner - equity cushions and with little or no verification of the borrowers ' ability to pay back the debt .
By now , with mortgage defaults climbing and home sales falling , the plot line of this drama is becoming clear .
But Gundlach says there are still several acts to come -- and that the curtain may not come down until the close of this decade .
He sees U.S. home prices dropping an average of 12 % to 15 % annually from the highs achieved last year and not reaching their eventual trough until late 2008 , at the earliest .
And they may not start recovering until 2010 or 2011 , inflicting , in the meantime , real damage on the economy .
About the only bright spot : the mortgage market may offer some excellent investment opportunities in the year ahead , he says .
GUNDLACH WAS AMONG the first to rail against the profusion of new types of home loans -- interest - only mortgages , adjustable - rate mortgages with artificially low teaser interest rates in the early years of repayment , and so - called option ARMs , which allowed borrowers to make monthly payments that did n't even cover interest costs -- all of them designed , in Gundlach 's phrase , to " shoehorn " borrowers into homes often far beyond their financial means .
Gundlach thinks median U.S. home prices are unlikely to recover until the decade 's end .
Sure enough , all these dicey loans helped bring about what Gundlach now calls " the great margin call of 2007 . "
As home - price appreciation flamed out , subprime borrowers began to default in droves , especially on new mortgages , and mail back the keys to lenders .
As a consequence , major subprime mortgage lenders like New Century began hitting the wall .
Ultimately more than 100 subprime lenders were forced to close their doors as Spring turned into Summer .
That was followed in June by disclosure that two hedge funds managed by Bear Stearns were in deep trouble because of highly - leveraged subprime - debt bets that had gone bad .
Soon a number of hedge funds , banks and other financial institutions from Asia and North America to Europe were reporting heavy losses on subprime debt investments .
A number of hedge funds ended up being liquidated , and banking authorities in Germany and England were forced to arrange hasty bail - outs to save various banks .
The financial markets were further shocked in July and August when Moody 's and Standard & Poor 's and Fitch belatedly took over 5,000 negative ratings actions , decimating prices on all manner of residential mortgage - backed and home equity loan securities .
" This was the biggest credit ratings catastrophe that our markets have ever seen , " Gundlach observed to Barron 's during a lengthy telephone interview .
Soon , the subprime contagion spread to other markets -- from leveraged - buyout debt to asset - backed commercial paper , triggering a full - scale seizing up of global credit markets .
Yields on risky debt paper soared .
Buyers went on strike .
The ascendancy of fear over greed forced central bankers to flood their financial systems with liquidity , and in the case of the Fed two weeks ago , to drop short - term interest rates .
As the rest of the tragedy unfolds , the pain may be especially bad in what Gundlach calls " the bubble markets " of California , Florida , Nevada and Arizona and hard - hit Rust Belt areas in Michigan , Ohio and Indiana .
Housing prices in those locales will likely fall 30 % to 40 % , he maintains .
HIS PESSIMISM IS GROUNDED in some two decades of trading mortgage - backed securities and analyzing homeowner behavior with the underlying loans .
He lived through , for example , the housing bear - market of 1989 to 1993 that saw home prices fall 30 % to 40 % in some overextended markets like Boston and Orange County .
In his opinion what happened in some of those pockets of price weakness may be but a dress rehearsal of what impends for broader swaths of the country .
Moreover , the worrisome trends in mortgage delinquencies , defaults and foreclosures figure to accelerate in the months ahead .
That 's because next year and early - 2009 will see a crescendo in the troubled 2006 and early - 2007 subprime mortgage vintages reaching their two - year rate reset points , when the low teaser rates expire .
Facing jumps in monthly payments of 30 % or more , many homeowners are likely to just throw in the towel and default on their mortgages .
Worse , Gundlach does n't see much chance of a recovery in home prices until still later .
Housing cycles in his experience typically trace elongated U - shapes rather than the V - type patterns so often seen in stock markets .
For one thing , home - price information is often episodic and poorly - reported .
Too , housing market fundamentals take a long time to play out , making shifts in market psychology far less mercurial than in the stock market .
The Sludge Factor : Subprime and somewhat - closer - to - prime " Alt - A " mortgages have made up an ever greater portion of securitizations in recent years .
Lately , subprime deals have plunged .
It 's easy to dismiss such dark ruminations .
After all , Gundlach is a fixed - income guy .
And at least up to a point , bad news is good news in the bond market .
A slowing economy , for example , eventually causes the prices of high - quality bonds to rally as a result of reduced inflation expectations and less demand for credit .
At the same time , the differences among yields on bonds of varying credit quality often widen to better reflect levels of risk , allowing investment managers like Gundlach to be more properly compensated for any risks they may take .
He is still agog at the galvanic moves in yield spreads that occurred last month at the height of the global crunch .
Yields on top-rated asset - backed commercial paper that on Aug. 8 traded at just 41 basis points ( or hundredths of a percentage point ) over the three - month T - Bill rate soared to 289 basis points over on August 20 before settling back to around 185 basis points over .
" This is what happens when the ocean of liquidity that everybody was talking about just a couple of months ago has turned into a swamp of troubled debt , " Gundlach observes .
But Gundlach is more than a mere bondo spoilsport .
Indeed , he has earned much street cred over the years .
He was named Morningstar Fixed Income Manager of the Year for 2006 after being a finalist for the three previous years .
The $ 900 million TCW Total Return Bond Fund , which he has co-run for some two decades , has been a top - performer in credit cycle after cycle , finishing in the second percentile of the Morningstar universe of intermediate - term bond funds for the 10 years ended Aug. 31 and in the seventh percentile for the year ended Sept. 27 .
In all , Gundlach has direct control over some $ 90 billion in fixed - income portfolios at TCW , mostly for institutional investors .
" His performance has been all the more remarkable since he has done it by mostly focusing on the mortgage - backed securities , while many of his peers have much more flexibility in what they own , " says Morningstar analyst Lawrence Miller .
" And this year he has done well , despite all the convulsions in the mortgage - debt sectors , by concentrating on high - quality paper , much of it guaranteed by government and quasi - government agencies like Fannie Mae . "
Gundlach was early in seeing the virulence of the housing slump that the subprime debt excesses would spawn .
In a Barron ' sCurrent Yield column last December he opined that the U.S. housing bust was merely in its " early innings " and would likely continue well into 2008 because of subprime - debt problems .
At the time , no less a personage than former Fed chairman Alan Greenspan claimed that stabilizing new mortgage applications indicated the housing market had already bottomed .
To Gundlach , the problem is not so much the losses that investors in the U.S. and around the globe will take on the $ 2 trillion or so of subprime and " Alt - A " mortgage - backed securities and collateralized debt obligations that are currently outstanding .
Those losses will probably top out at around $ 300 billion , which , in his estimation , constitutes a rounding error in a $ 14 trillion economy .
The problems lie in the knock - on effects that subprime is having and will continue to have on the economy .
Gundlach asserts that the mortgage - triggered housing downturn has already cost GDP about one and half percentage points of growth .
That negative impact figures to intensify some in the quarters ahead .
Increasing defaults and foreclosures will add to an already swollen inventory of unsold homes that now stands by some reckonings at 10 months .
As last week 's August numbers showed , new home sales are continuing their descent , falling over 20 % year - over - year .
Likewise , says Gundlach , demand for housing is likely to continue to suffer as now - timorous lenders and mortgage bond investors pull back from the market .
And dicey subprime mortgages exist at all price points of the housing food chain , from the most modest starter homes up to fancy $ 700,000 homes .
Housing woes , of course , radiate far into the general economy .
Firstly , housing accounts for a big chunk of U.S. employment when one takes into account all the construction , finance and retail jobs that depend on a strong housing market .
Consumer confidence and spending suffer mightily when cash - out refinancings dry up and the value of most families ' primary asset falls in value .
Gundlach and TCW have n't emerged completely unscathed by the current credit crunch .
Two weeks ago , TCW was forced to liquidate a $ 3.2 billion mortgage - backed CDO it managed called Westway 's Funding X , when the market price of certain tranches fell below certain levels .
There was nothing wrong with any of the assets backing the CDO .
" They were of pristine quality and performed fine , " says Gundlach .
It was just a case of market jitters that led to the price markdowns .
But overall Gundlach is salivating at all the mortgage - market investment opportunities that are likely to emerge in the quarters ahead .
TCW has already raised $ 1.6 billion from various institutional investors for a new vulture fund .
After all , one investor 's grief can be another 's opportunity .
there is no doubt this country is filled with some reprehensible , disgusting , scary , moronic and evil people --- many of them running the country , running our corporations and allegedly entertaining us .
some are just famous due to their reprehensible - ness .
examples include donald rumsfeld , paul wolfowitz , laura ingraham , mary cheney , mary bono , duke cunningham , scooter libby , clarence thomas etc .
as awful as those folks are --- they dont seem to hit my creepiness meter .
i will alter Justice Potter Stewart 's famous quote " hard - core creepiness was hard to define , but that I know it when I see it "
here are my top 10 for creepiest Americans and the honorable mentions
Hiên nay Kubet không còn là cái tên xa lạ với anh em các cược online nữa bởi sự uy tín cũng như các trò chơi cá cược ở đây dễ chơi .
Là nơi anh em có thể thử sức với cơ hội kiếm tiền tại sảnh Ku casino .
Có nhiều anh em đã kiếm được rất nhiều tiền từ đây rồi đó .
Có nhiều anh em thắc mắc tại sao cùng một nhà cái KU mà lại có rất nhiều cái tên .
ví dụ như Ku888 , Ku777 , Ku999 , Kucasino , Kubet …
Anh em theo dõi bài viết này để nắm được thông tin nhé .
Kubet là gì
Kubet là tên gọi chính thức của nhà cái KU là thương hiệu chính của nhà cái này .
Cũng giống như anh em quen gọi M88 , Win2888 , W88 , Zbet , K8 , lotobet … thì Ku có tên chính thức là Kubet .
Ku Casino là gì ?
Kucasino là tên gọi của sảnh casino trực thuộc nhà cái Ku bet .
Nhà cái Ku có rất nhiều sảnh casino khác nhau .
Bạn có thể hình dung theo hình ảnh ở dưới thì có rất nhiều sảnh casino của nhà cái Kubet như sảnh AG , sảnh WM sảnh BBin và nổi tiếng nhất là sảnh Kucasino .
Ku888 – Ku777 – Ku999 là gì ?
Khi đăng ký thành viên từ trang chính .
Do lượng hội viên rất lớn , để đảm bảo đường truyền và bảo mật thông tin thì nhà cái Ku có nhưng đường dẫn chính thức đó là các đường dẫn : ku888 , ku777 , ku999 .
Sử dụng các đường dẫn này vẫn có thể đăng ký tài khoản , đăng nhập bình thường vào sản Kucasino .
Vậy đâu là trang chính thức của nhà cái Kubet ?
Trang đăng nhập tài khoản
Hiện nay có rất nhiều trang đều mang thương hiệu nhà cái Ku casino .
Tuy nhiên bạn có thể sử dụng hai trang chính thức là :
Kucasino.me
Kubet.io
Đăng ký kubet Ku Casino thế nào ?
Đăng ký tài khoản ku bet hay đăng ký tài khoản Ku Casino rất đơn giản .
Tuy nhiên khi đăng ký bạn cần những thông tin sau :
Một số điện thoại để nhận tin nhắn xác minh từ Ku Casino
Một tài khoản ngân hàng có thể thanh toán trực tuyến để tiện nạp và rút
Giấy tờ xác minh tùy thân như chứng minh thư , hộ chiếu bằng lái xe .
Có ảnh rõ nét
Thủ tục đăng ký như sau :
Truy cập trang Kucasino .
me và bấm vào nút đăng ký .
Điền đầy đủ thông tin số điện thoại , tên đăng nhập , mật khẩu và nhận tin nhắn .
Bạn có thể xem các bước tuận tự theo clip sau :
Sau khi bạn có tài khoản rồi thì để chơi được bạn cần nạp tiền vào tài khoản của mình mới có điểm để cược được .
Nạp tiền tài khoản Ku casino
Thông thường bạn cần kết nối tài khoản ngân hàng của mình để xác nhận khi nạp tiền .
Nạp tiền vào tài khoản trước hết bạn cần phải mở chức năng nạp tiền vào tài khoản .
Đầu tiên cần làm đó là bạn liên hệ với hỗ trợ của Ku , trong quá trình trao đổi thì nhân viên hỗ trợ sẽ yêu cầu bạn cung cấp giấy tờ liên quan tới tài khoản ngân hàng .
Chú ý là tên tài khoản phải trung với tên đăng ký ngân hàng của bạn .
Nếu mọi thử xuôn xẻ thì bạn sẽ được mở chức năng nạp tiền .
Bạn có thể xem hướng dẫn chi tiết ở dưới đây :
﻿
Vậy sau khi tiền đã được nạp vào trong tài khoản rồi thì chúng ta có thể tiến hành đặt cược .
Tuy nhiên bạn chưa biết nên chơi cái gì ở KU ?
Tôi sẽ chỉ giúp bạn nhé :
Trò Chơi game Kucasino kiếm tiền Kubet
Trò chơi nổi tiếng nhất đó là xóc đĩa :
Xóc đĩa Kubet
Kubet nổi tiếng với trò chơi xóc đĩa .
Đây là một trò chơi thường thấy tại dân gian .
Khác với xóc đĩa dân gian thì tại casino chuyên nghiệp và uy tín hơn rất nhiều .
Tại đây có các em MC xinh đẹp tiếp chuyện cùng người chơi .
Cách thức chơi tại đây rất đơn giản , bạn chỉ cần chọn mức cược và đặt vào cửa cược .
Có chẵn , lẻ , tài xỉu và tứ đỏ tứ trắng .
Trên hình xóc đĩa tại kucasino có hệ thống soi cầu giúp người chơi dễ dàng nhận ra cầu kèo và dễ đưa ra quyết định đặt cược có lợi cho mihf
Một số câu hỏi liên quan :
Xóc đĩa tại Ku có phải là xóc đĩa bịp không ?
Trả lời : có rất nhiều người đều chơi tại đây và chưa bao giờ có một ai nói rằng chơi xóc đĩa tại đây bị bịp .
Các dụng cụ sử dụng đều công khai minh bạch .
Do đó anh em có thể yên tâm chơi xóc đĩa kiếm tiền nhé .
Soi Cầu Kubet
Hệ thống soi cầu của Kubet đã được khẳng định thương hiệu bởi có độ chuẩn xác rất cao .
Các cầu kèo được soi cẩn thận đầy đủ theo các giải xổ số :
Xổ số miền Bắc : XSMB
Xổ số miền Nam : XSMN
Xố số miền Trung : XSMT
Ngoài các cầu bạch thủ , song thủ lô , lô kép , được cập nhật hàng ngày thì tại đây còn có dàn đề chuẩn xác .
Dàn đề đánh hàng ngày tại Ku casino bao gồm :
Tất cả các dàn đề 10 số , 20 số , 25 số , 30 số , 36 số , 38 số , 50 số , 65 số
Dàn đề nuôi khung 2 hoặc 3 ngày chính xác
Nếu anh em đang cần số đề để đánh thì có thể liên hệ trực tiếp để nhận được số đẹp cho mình .
Có thể kết bạn với admin của trang để xin số đề hôm nay .
Cá độ bóng đá thể thao
Cũng giống như các nhà cái khác , Kubet còn có mục cá cược thể thao bóng đá .
Với tất cả các giải đấu như ngoại hạng anh , laliga , vô địch quốc gia Đức , Pháp , Ý …
Ngoài các giải đấu nổi tiếng thì còn có các giải quốc gia , giải câu lạc bộ châu Á .
Tại đây bạn có thể chọn các kèo để cược như :
Kèo tài xỉu
Kèo chấp châu Á
Kèo rung
Kèo phạt góc
Chơi game bắn cá đổi thưởng
Game bắn cá là một trò trơi cực kỳ hấp dẫn của Kubet casino .
Soi cầu XSMB 30-09-2020
Dự đoán kết quả XSMB VIP 247 Soi cầu XSMB 30-09-2020
Dự đoán kết quả XSMB .
Kubet là nơi quy tụ nhiều cao thủ soi cầu hàng đầu hiện nay .
Đây cũng là nơi có nhiều phần mềm thống kê tiên tiến nhất .
Các phần mềm được mua từ các nước tiên tiến : Nhật Bản , Đức , Mỹ. Việc có được sự hỗ trợ của nhiều phần mềm thống kê tiên tiến .
Sẽ giúp các chuyên gia soi cầu tăng độ chuẩn xác cao hơn .
Mục đích là muốn giúp đỡ anh em đang xa bờ nợ nần vì lô đề .
Do đó việc soi cầu chốt số MB là hoàn toàn miễn phí và công khai cho mọi người .
Luôn luôn đảm bảo soi ra những con số có tính chuẩn xác cao nhất .
Chốt số bạch thủ lô , song thủ lô , 3 càng và đề .
Chúng ta hãy cùng theo dõi chi tiết nội dung soi cầu của các cao thủ phí dưới đây Xem lại kết quả XSMB kì trước
Trước tiên chúng ta cần xem lại kết quả XSMB của kì quay trước .
Qua đó đánh giá lại đường cầu mà chúng ta đang đi có đúng hay chưa .
Nếu đường cầu sai thì chúng ta hãy thay đổi phương pháp soi cầu khác .
Kết quả XSMB 30-09-2020
Thống Kê XSMB 30-09-2020
Phần thống kê là thông tin vô cùng quan trọng để giúp chúng ta quyết định chọn phương pháp hay đường cầu nào .
Những dữ liệu của phần thống kê được các phần mềm tiên tiến thu thập .
Thống kê lô gan
Dữ liệu của phần thống kê lô gan giúp chúng ta tránh đánh vào những con số lâu ngày chưa ra .
Qua đó ta có thể loại bỏ được những con lô gan trong bảng cầu của chúng ta .
Bảng thống kê lô gan XSMB 30-09- 2020
Thống kê giải đặc biệt
Phần thống kê này giúp chúng ta tham khảo những con số thường hay ra mỗi khi đề về những còn đó .
Qua đó giúp chúng ta có được quyết định chính xác hơn trong phần soi cầu đề .
Bảng thống kê đề XSMB 30-09- 2020 Soi cầu XSMB 30-09-2020
Dựa theo kết quả những dữ liệu của mục thống kê .
Ta sẽ tiến hành tới phần soi cầu XSMB cho ngày mai .
Soi cầu bạch thủ lô MB Bảng cầu bạch thủ lô XSMB 30-09- 2020 Soi cầu lô tô 2 nháy MB Bảng cầu lô tô 2 nháy XSMB 30-09- 2020
Dự đoán kết quả XSMB 30-09-2020
Sau khi đã có được những thông tin dữ liệu và bảng cầu các con số .
Ta tiến hành đến việc dự đoán kết quả XSMB cho ngày mai Soi cầu XSMB 30 - 09-2020 ( chốt số )
Song thủ lô : 67 76
Bạch thủ lô , Độc thủ lô,3 càng , Tứ thủ đề tại : https://kubet.link/soi-cau-mb-30-9-2020/
Lô đề online 1 ăn 99 tại nhà cái kubet .
link
Hầu như rất nhiều người chơi đề báo ngoài với tỉ lên ăn chỉ cao nhất là 80 .
Đấy cũng chính là nguyên nhân khiến cho chúng ta phải thua và nợ nần .
Qua đó chúng tôi khuyến nghị mọi người nên chơi ở nhà cái online kubet .
link 1 ăn 99 .
Bảng tỷ lệ ăn lô đề online của nhà cái kubet .
link Kết luận
Để có thể chiến thắng trong việc chơi lô đề xổ số đòi hỏi người chơi phải hội đủ những yếu tố sau : Chơi lô đề online 1 ăn 99 tại kubet .
link ( cái này vô cùng quan trọng )
Phải có kiến thức về lô đề .
Cũng như phải nắm rõ các phương pháp soi cầu .
Phải biết quản lý nguồn vốn và cách vào tiền hợp lý .
Phải kiểm soát được lòng ham muốn của bản thân .
Các kết quả dự đoán Miền Bắc được cập nhật lúc 18h mõi ngày và hoàn toàn miễn phí .
Quý đọc giải có thể tham khảo thêm phương pháp soi cầu của dự đoán xoso .
me , xsmn.me , Miền Bắc Minh Ngọc , Rồng Bạch Kim , giovangchotso , lodeonline , miền Bắc 366 , win2888 , win2888asi … để có được những con số dự đoán Miền Bắc ngày 30/9/2020 chính xác nhất . |
Soi cầu XSMT 30-09-2020
Dự đoán kết quả XSMT VIP Soi cầu XSMT 30-09-2020 dự đoán kết quả XSMT chuẩn xác nhất tại trang soi cầu Kubet .
Các bạn đang thực sự may mắn khi được theo dõi một trong những trang soi cầu chuẩn xác nhất hiện nay .
Trang soi cầu của chúng tôi quy tụ được nhiều chuyên gia soi cầu hàng đầu hiện nay .
Đặc biệt là XSMT với tỉ lệ chuẩn xác rất cao .
Các chuyên gia của chúng tôi đã có trên 10 năm kinh nghiệm trong lĩnh vực soi cầu .
Và đây chính là quá trình để có thể dự đoán ra những con số chính xác cho bạn tham khảo .
Xem lại kết quả XSMT kì trước Kết quả XSMT 23-09 - 2020 Thống kê XSMT 30-09-2020
Sau khi đã xem lại kết quả của XST kì trước đó .
Công việc tiếp theo là sử dụng phần mềm xác suất thống kê tiên tiến để thống kê dữ liệu .
Thống kê những con lô rơi và những con lô gan .
Những dữ liệu này vô cùng quan trọng trong việc soi cầu .
Nó sẽ giúp ta có những quyết định chọn hay bỏ những con số ở việc lập bảng cầu .
Thống kê lô rơi XSMT 30-09- 2020
Những con lô rơi là những con liên tục xuất hiện trong các kì quay XSMT gần nhất .
Vì tần số xuất hiện cao nên phần thống kê này góp phần giúp ta có được những con số đẹp .
Bảng thống kê lô tô hay ra XSMT 30-09- 2020
Thống kê lô gan XSMT 29-09 - 2020
Dữ liệu phần thống kê lô gan cũng quan trong .
Nó giúp ta loại bỏ những con số lâu ngày không ra khỏi bảng cầu .
Soi cầu XSMT 30-09-2020
Khi đã thu thập đủ dữ liệu phần thống kê .
Ta tiến hành sắp xếp lại vị trí những con số để lập ra bảng cầu cho các đài .
Soi cầu Đà Nẵng XSMT 30-09-2020 Bảng cầu Đà Nẵng XSMT 30-09-2020 Soi cầu Khánh Hòa XSMT 30-09-2020 Bảng cầu Khánh Hòa XSMT 30-09-2020 Dự đoán XSMT 30-09-2020 Soi cầu XSMT 30-09-2020 ( chốt số 2 đài )
Bạch thủ lô : 20
3 càng lô , Bạch thủ đề , xiên 2 tại : https://kubet.link/soi-cau-xsmt-30-9-2020/
Làm cách nào chơi lô đề có lãi
Hầu như tất cả người chơi lô đề hiện nay đều thua tha nợ nần .
Vậy thì chơi lô đề có thật sự ăn được hay không .
Câu trả lời của các chuyên gia là hoàn toàn có thể .
Thậm chí là việc kiếm tiền từ lô đề vô cùng dễ dàng .
Tuy nhiên để làm được điều này thì bạn phải tuân thủ các nguyên tắc phía dưới này .
Chơi lô đề online 1 ăn 99 thay vì đánh theo kiểu truyền thống
Vốn chơi cần phải ổn định và đủ lớn
Phân chia vốn để đánh 1 cách hợp lý .
Đối với việc đánh đề thì phải đánh đều tay không gấp thếp .
Tâm lý phải thực sự vững .
Thua không mất bình tĩnh .
Thắng không tham .
Lô đề online 1 ăn 99 nhà cái Kubet Kết luận
Trên đây là toàn bộ quá trình Soi cầu XSMT 30 - 09-2020 .
Nếu bạn cảm thấy phù hợp với khả năng của mình có thể tham khảo cách thức soi cầu của các chuyên gia .
Và chúng tôi khuyên bạn hãy lắng nghe những lời khuyên phia trên của các chuyên gia soi cầu .
Qua đó bạn sẽ có được những ngày tháng rực rỡ với XSMT . |
Soi cầu XSMN 30-09-2020
Dự đoán kết quả XSMN bạch thủ lô Soi cầu XSMN 30 - 09 - 2020 dự đoán kết quả XSMN bởi các chuyên gia soi cầu hàng đầu hiện nay .
Các chuyên gia với nhiều năm kinh nghiệm trong lĩnh vực soi cầu được kubet mời về đây .
Đặc biệt là có nhiều cao thủ đã có kinh nghiệm trên 15 năm trong lĩnh vực soi cầu xổ số 3 miền .
Ngoài ra kubet .
link chúng tôi còn mua những phần mềm thống kê tiên tiến hiện đại nhất .
Các phần mềm được mua có xuất sứ từ các nước phát triển Anh Mỹ Nhật .
Những phần mềm này góp phần không nhỏ trong việc đưa ra những con số chính xác cao .
Xem lại kết quả XSMN kì quay trước
Trước khi tiến vào phần soi cầu thì ta nên xem lại kết quả XSMN kì trước .
Mục đích chính là để đánh giá lại đường cầu đang đi có chính xác hay không .
Cùng xem lại kết quả các đài Hồ Chí Minh , Đồng Tháp và Cà Mau. kết quả XSMN 23-09- 2020
Thống kê lô tô XSMN 30-09- 2020
Phần thống kê cực kì quan trọng đối với việc soi cầu .
Những dữ liệu trong phần thống kê sẽ giúp chúng ta có những nhận định chính xác hơn .
Thống kê cặp số ra nhiều
Phần thống kê này sẽ giúp chúng ta xác đinh được những con lô hay nổ .
Bảng thống kê lô tô hay ra XSMN 30-09 - 2020
Thống kê lô gan XSMN 30-09-2020
Kết quả phần thống kê lô gan sẽ giúp ta tránh đánh vào những con số lâu ngày không ra .
Do đó cần phải xem xét kĩ phần thống kê này .
Bảng thống kê lô gan XSMN 30-09- 2020 Soi cầu XSMN 30-09-2020
Sau khi đã có được đầy đủ cơ sở dữ liệu từ phần thống kê .
Chúng ta tiến hành đến phần soi cầu XSMN .
Soi cầu Đồng Nai 30-09-2020 Bảng cầu XSMN Đồng Nai 30-09-2020 Soi cầu Cần Thơ 30-09-2020 Bảng cầu XSMN Cần Thơ 30-09-2020 Soi cầu Sóc Trăng 30-09-2020 Bảng cầu XSMN Sóc Trăng 30-09-2020
Dự đoán kết quả XSMN 30-09-2020
Sau khi hoàn tất việc soi cầu thì đến phần quan trọng nhất là phần chốt số .
Soi cầu XSMN 30 - 09-2020 chốt số ( 3 đài )
Bạch thủ lô 45
Xiên 2 , bạch thủ để , 3 càng : https://kubet.link/soi-cau-xsmn-30-9-2020/
Lời khuyên của các chuyên gia soi cầu Với kinh nghiệm nhiều năm trong lĩnh vực soi cầu cũng như chơi lô đề .
Chúng tôi khuyên anh em nên chơi lô đề chỉ khi đã hội tụ đủ những yếu tố sau :
Có tài khoản chơi lô đề online 1 ăn 99 ( thay vì đánh ngoài 1 ăn 70 )
Phải nắm vững kiến thức lô đề cũng như soi cầu ( không biết thì đừng có chơi )
Tâm lý phải thực sự vững vàng trước thắng thua
Phải biết quản lý tiền vốn và phân chia vốn hợp ly Tỷ lệ ăn lô đề tại nhà cái KUBET Hiện nay có rất nhiều nhà cái đánh lô đề online .
Tuy nhiên chúng tôi chỉ giới thiệu cho mọi người nhà cái uy tín và an toàn nhất .
Bảng tỷ lệ ăn nhà cái lô đề online kubet .
link Kết luận
Những con số trên được các chuyên gia soi cầu hàng đầu soi và chốt .
Tuy nhiên việc theo hay không là chuyện của bạn .
Có thể tham khảo nhiều hơn ở những trang web soi cầu khác nổi tiếng.xoso.me , xsmn.me , Miền Bắc Minh Ngọc , Rồng Bạch Kim , giovangchotso , lodeonline , miền Bắc 366 , win2888 , win2888asi … để có được những con số dự đoán Miền Nam ngày 30/09/2020 chính xác nhất . |
Soi cầu XSMB 29-09- 2020
Dự đoán kết quả XSMB VIP 247 Soi cầu XSMB 29-09-2020
Dự đoán kết quả XSMB .
Kubet là nơi quy tụ nhiều cao thủ soi cầu hàng đầu hiện nay .
Đây cũng là nơi có nhiều phần mềm thống kê tiên tiến nhất .
Các phần mềm được mua từ các nước tiên tiến : Nhật Bản , Đức , Mỹ. Việc có được sự hỗ trợ của nhiều phần mềm thống kê tiên tiến .
Sẽ giúp các chuyên gia soi cầu tăng độ chuẩn xác cao hơn .
Mục đích là muốn giúp đỡ anh em đang xa bờ nợ nần vì lô đề .
Do đó việc soi cầu chốt số MB là hoàn toàn miễn phí và công khai cho mọi người .
Luôn luôn đảm bảo soi ra những con số có tính chuẩn xác cao nhất .
Chốt số bạch thủ lô , song thủ lô , 3 càng và đề .
Chúng ta hãy cùng theo dõi chi tiết nội dung soi cầu của các cao thủ phí dưới đây Xem lại kết quả XSMB kì trước
Trước tiên chúng ta cần xem lại kết quả XSMB của kì quay trước .
Qua đó đánh giá lại đường cầu mà chúng ta đang đi có đúng hay chưa .
Nếu đường cầu sai thì chúng ta hãy thay đổi phương pháp soi cầu khác .
Kết quả XSMB 28-09-2020
Thống Kê XSMB 29-09- 2020
Phần thống kê là thông tin vô cùng quan trọng để giúp chúng ta quyết định chọn phương pháp hay đường cầu nào .
Những dữ liệu của phần thống kê được các phần mềm tiên tiến thu thập .
Thống kê lô gan
Dữ liệu của phần thống kê lô gan giúp chúng ta tránh đánh vào những con số lâu ngày chưa ra .
Qua đó ta có thể loại bỏ được những con lô gan trong bảng cầu của chúng ta .
Bảng thống kê lô gan XSMB 29-09 - 2020
Thống kê giải đặc biệt
Phần thống kê này giúp chúng ta tham khảo những con số thường hay ra mỗi khi đề về những còn đó .
Qua đó giúp chúng ta có được quyết định chính xác hơn trong phần soi cầu đề .
Bảng thống kê đề XSMB 29-09 - 2020 Soi cầu XSMB 29-09-2020
Dựa theo kết quả những dữ liệu của mục thống kê .
Ta sẽ tiến hành tới phần soi cầu XSMB cho ngày mai .
Soi cầu bạch thủ lô MB Bảng cầu bạch thủ lô XSMB 29-09 - 2020 Soi cầu lô tô 2 nháy MB Bảng cầu lô tô 2 nháy XSMB 29-09 - 2020
Dự đoán kết quả XSMB 29-09 - 2020
Sau khi đã có được những thông tin dữ liệu và bảng cầu các con số .
Ta tiến hành đến việc dự đoán kết quả XSMB cho ngày mai Soi cầu XSMB 29-09 - 2020 ( chốt số )
Song thủ lô : 09 90
Bạch thủ lô , Độc thủ lô,3 càng , Tứ thủ đề tại : https://kubet.link/soi-cau-mb-29-9-2020/
Lô đề online 1 ăn 99 tại nhà cái kubet .
link
Hầu như rất nhiều người chơi đề báo ngoài với tỉ lên ăn chỉ cao nhất là 80 .
Đấy cũng chính là nguyên nhân khiến cho chúng ta phải thua và nợ nần .
Qua đó chúng tôi khuyến nghị mọi người nên chơi ở nhà cái online kubet .
link 1 ăn 99 .
Bảng tỷ lệ ăn lô đề online của nhà cái kubet .
link Kết luận
Để có thể chiến thắng trong việc chơi lô đề xổ số đòi hỏi người chơi phải hội đủ những yếu tố sau : Chơi lô đề online 1 ăn 99 tại kubet .
link ( cái này vô cùng quan trọng )
Phải có kiến thức về lô đề .
Cũng như phải nắm rõ các phương pháp soi cầu .
Phải biết quản lý nguồn vốn và cách vào tiền hợp lý .
Phải kiểm soát được lòng ham muốn của bản thân .
Các kết quả dự đoán Miền Bắc được cập nhật lúc 18h mõi ngày và hoàn toàn miễn phí .
Quý đọc giải có thể tham khảo thêm phương pháp soi cầu của dự đoán xoso .
me , xsmn.me , Miền Bắc Minh Ngọc , Rồng Bạch Kim , giovangchotso , lodeonline , miền Bắc 366 , win2888 , win2888asi … để có được những con số dự đoán Miền Bắc ngày 29/9/2020 chính xác nhất . |
Adobe provides installers for only our current apps and the previous major version of each .
We do not provide installers for apps we no longer sell .
For more information , see Adobe software support guidelines .
 from FindLaw
The Case Against Expanding Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act Powers
" I 've got nothing to hide , so electronic surveillance does n't bother me .
To the contrary , I 'm delighted that the Bush Administration is monitoring calls and electronic traffic on a massive scale , because catching terrorists is far more important that worrying about the government 's listening to my phone calls , or reading my emails . "
So the argument goes .
It is a powerful one that has seduced too many people .
Millions of Americans buy this logic , and in accepting it , believe they are doing the right thing for themselves , their family , and their friends , neighbors , community and country .
They are sadly wrong .
If you accept this argument , you have been badly fooled .
This contention is being bantered about once again , so there is no better time than the present to set thinking people straight .
Bush and Cheney want to make permanent unchecked Executive powers to electronically eavesdrop on anyone whom any President feels to be of interest .
In August , before the summer recess , Congress enacted the Protect America Act , which provided only temporary approval for the expanding Executive powers under the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act ( FISA ) .
These temporary powers expire in February 2008 , so Congress is once again addressing the subject .
The FISA Amendments : The Administration Is Seeking Immunity for Miscreants
Because of the way electronic traffic is directed from foreign countries through the United States , the FISA Court had previously rejected requests to intercept certain foreign - person - to - foreign - person communications in the United States .
It was a technical problem , arising from the fact that FISA was written before modern data routing had been designed , and FISA thus needed fixing .
On this , everyone agreed .
However , when the Bush Administration asked for the necessary fix to FISA , it also requested much more , including immunity under the existing laws for all the telecommunications companies that have been assisting the government in its illegal warrantless surveillance .
Significantly , this practice - justified by reference to the " war on terror " - apparently started well before 9/11 under the Bush Administration .
Ironically , in requesting this immunity , the Bush White House has refused to disclose exactly what type of activities Congress would be retroactively immunizing .
Preliminary congressional inquiry has revealed that a massive amount of electronic surveillance of Americans has gone on under the Bush / Cheney Administration .
For example , one of the telecom giants , Verizon , reported that between January 2005 and September 2007 they provided information on 94,000 occasions .
These numbers suggest that Verizon was operating as merely another ( and a secret ) extension of the federal intelligence establishment .
Many of the companies appear to be violating a number of federal criminal statutes - such as 18 U.S.C. 2511 , which requires a warrant for such surveillance and 18 U.S.C. 2702 , which prohibits any " entity providing an electronic communication service to the public " from knowingly divulging " to any person or entity the contents of a communication " without a court order .
Currently , the telecoms are not likely to be particularly worried about being prosecuted by the very same government that instructed them to violate the law , and is leading the way in doing so itself .
But what about under the next Administration ?
The five - year statute of limitations will make them potentially criminally liable after Bush is gone - at least , unless the Bush Administration gains for them retroactive and future immunity .
In a new Administration , the telecoms may be viewed not as cooperative patriots , but rather as criminal co-conspirators .
Civil Liability Appears To Be Driving the Immunity Request
Meanwhile , civil liability for these companies is also a realistic prospect .
For example , in a San Francisco federal court , AT&T customers are seeking to protect their privacy with actions under laws like 18 U.S.C. 2520 , which provides a civil remedy and hefty damages -- ranging up to $ 10,000 per day per violation .
Since it is possible that , over five - plus years , there have been tens upon tens of thousands of such violations , the , if liable telecoms could be looking at hundreds upon hundreds of millions of dollars of damages .
The Bush Administration clearly wants to help its partners in crime ; it also wants to avoid accountability for what it has done and is still doing .
If the civil litigation proceeds - and one judge already ruled that the " state secrets " privilege does not prevent the plaintiffs from going forward - the Bush Administration faces the risk of a federal court 's forcing it to disclose its unsavory surveillance activities .
Privacy advocates are horrified at the prospect of Congress 's potentially protecting this activity through immunity legislation .
Yet , in sharp contrast , most people could care less .
Indeed few people seem to care about their loss of privacy , notwithstanding the fact that , like an invisible pollutant to our air or water , it is increasingly eroding our freedom .
Unfortunately , it seems that the invasion of our privacy , like the destruction of our atmosphere , may be tolerated until it is too late to fix it .
One of the leading causes of both problems is ignorance .
Privacy is a highly complex issue , so people easily accept the claims of those who assert that , if you are not doing anything illegal , you have nothing to be concerned about government surveillance , and if you are , you have no right to privacy to break the law .
Understanding the Misunderstanding about Privacy
For several years I have been reading the work of George Washington University Law School Professor Daniel J. Solove , who writes extensively about privacy in the context of contemporary digital technology .
The current apathy about government surveillance brought to mind his essay " ' I 've Got Nothing To Hide ' And Other Misunderstandings of Privacy . "
Professor Solove 's deconstruction of the " I 've got nothing to hide " position , and related justifications for government surveillance , is the best brief analysis of this issue I have found .
These arguments are not easy to zap because , once they are on the table , they can set the terms of the argument .
As Solove explains , " the problem with the nothing to hide argument is with its underlying assumption that privacy is about hiding bad things . "
He warns , " Agreeing with this assumption concedes far too much ground and leads to an unproductive discussion of information people would likely want or not want to hide . "
Solove 's bottom line is that this argument " myopically views privacy as a form of concealment or secrecy . "
In his work , Solove addresses the reality that privacy problems differ :
Not all are equal ; some are more harmful than others .
Most importantly , he writes , " to understand privacy , we must conceptualize it and its value more pluralistically . "
Through several years of work , Solove has developed a more nuanced concept of privacy that rebuts the idea that there is a " one- size - fits - all conception of privacy . "
The concept of " privacy " encompasses many ideas relating to the proper and improper use and abuse of information about people within society .
Privacy protects information not only because it would cause others to think less of the person at issue , but also simply to give us all breathing room : " Society involves a great deal of friction , " Solove writes , " and we are constantly clashing with each other .
Part of what makes a society a good place in which to live is the extent to which it allows people freedom from the intrusiveness of others .
A society without privacy protection would be suffocation , and it might not be a place in which most would want to live . "
Professor Solove 's work - much of which he makes available online - helps clarify thinking about privacy in its fuller context , and helps explain what is wrong with reductive dismissals of privacy using the mantra , " I 've got nothing to hide . "
Before rushing to give the Bush Administration more ways to invade our privacy , not to mention absolving those who have confederated with him to engage in the most massive invasion of America privacy ever , members of Congress should look at Solove 's work .
Too many of them have no idea what privacy is all about , and grossly underestimate the value of this complex and essential concept .
_______
About author John W. Dean is a columnist for FindLaw and a former counsel to the President .
Let 's lend an ear to Michael Hirsch 's piece over at Newsweek
The British are leaving , the Iraqis are failing and the Americans are staying — and we ’re going to be there a lot longer than anyone in Washington is acknowledging right now .
As Democrats and Republicans back home try to outdo each other with quick - fix plans for the withdrawal of U.S. troops and funds , what few people seem to have noticed is that Gen.
David Petraeus ’s new " surge " plan is committing U.S. troops , day by day , to a much deeper and longer - term role in policing Iraq than since the earliest days of the U.S. occupation .
How long must we stay under the Petraeus plan ?
Perhaps 10 years .
At least five .
In any case , long after George W. Bush has returned to Crawford , Texas , for good .
Now you , silly creature that you are , probably think you remember when SecDef Gates , Gen .
Pace , and others tried to tamp down outrage over Bush 's escalation by saying that it was all different this time .
Sure , they said , there was nothing really new about The New Way Forward -- in fact , we 've tried every aspect of the plan before and it only made things worse -- but it would all work this time , honest , because the Maliki government had " stepped up " and the Iraqis would be in the lead .
Why , US troops would be little more than training wheels on the shiny new bike that is the Iraqi government 's state - funded Shi'ite militias professional security forces .
Here 's Pace in front of Levin 's Armed Services Committee :
' We will not be out front by plan , ' Pace said of U.S. forces .
' The Iraqis would be the ones going door - to - door , knocking on doors , doing the census work , doing the kinds of work that would put them out in front for the first part of the - if it develops - firefight .
Our troops would be available to backstop them and to bring in the kind of fire support we bring in . '
See , just a backstop , not out in front .
No one puts a backstop out in front , that 's just silly .
I mean , its not called a " frontstop " , right ?
So , how 's that working out ?
The much anticipated effort to wrest Baghdad streets from the control of militias and insurgents has been presented in news conferences and public statements as an Iraqi - led operation .
Iraqi officials have been out front , announcing arrests , weapons finds and other details , as well as new decrees intended to halt two years of so - called sectarian cleansing .
But on the streets , the joint patrols seemed little different from those of the past few years :
A handful of Iraqis , acting at the direction of a larger group of Americans , opening drawers and closets and looking behind furniture as they searched for banned weapons or other contraband .
For the first few days of the operation , about 2,500 American troops took part , compared with about 300 Iraqi forces , a mix of police and Army personnel , military officials said
Well , surely this is just opening night jitters .
You know , working the bugs out , and all that .
After all , Gates told us that if we'd just be quiet little citizens and let Bush have his " surge " , why , heck , we'd be able to get out of there sooner !
President Bush 's new operation to secure Baghdad will begin in earnest with a push by thousands of U.S. and Iraqi troops in the first week of February , and its chances of success should be evident within a few months , Defense Secretary Robert M. Gates told lawmakers yesterday .
If the plan works , the United States could begin drawing down troop levels by the end of the year , Gates said .
If the Iraqi government does not deliver troops and political and economic support , he said , the United States could withhold many of the 21,500 additional troops Bush has ordered to secure the most violent parts of Iraq .
You know what 's coming .
Back to Hirsch :
Under Petraeus ’s plan , a U.S. military force of 160,000 or more is setting up hundreds of " mini- forts " all over Baghdad and the rest of the country , right in the middle of the action .
The U.S. Army has also stopped pretending that Iraqis — who have failed to build a credible government , military or police force on their own — are in the lead when it comes to kicking down doors and keeping the peace .
And that means the future of Iraq depends on the long - term presence of U.S. forces in a way it did not just a few months ago .
" We ’re putting down roots , " says Philip Carter , a former U.S. Army captain who returned last summer from a year of policing and training in the hot zone around Baquba .
" The Americans are no longer willing to accept failure in order to put Iraqis in the lead .
You ca n’t let the mission fail just for the sake of diplomacy . "
We 're getting played again , people .
While we have been dithering over the verbiage for this or that resolution to stop Bush 's stated escalation plan , he has actually been moving forward with a wholly different plan that ensures that US forces will remain in Iraq for years to come .
A plan that puts our forces at greater risk by spreading them out into smaller and smaller groups .
A plan that makes the Iraqi people more dependent on US troops for day - to - day security , and ensures that the country really will collapse if we leave .
A plan that requires a major US presence in Iraq long after Der Fratboy and Deadeye Dick have weaseled off to cut brush and count their war profits .
So , how about it ?
Are you going to allow yourself to get punk'd by Bush again ?
Are you going to take this lying down , and change the channel , pretend its all someone else 's problem ?
Or are you going to fight this madness by calling your Congressional Rep. and Senators and letting them know that its time to take the gloves off ?
What 's it gonna be ?
About a third of Americans say the war in Iraq is going well .
Maybe in the end , their steadfast support and optimism will be rewarded , but for now , they ’re a decided minority , leaving those on the other side to ask , who are these people and why do they think that way ?
Who they are is the easy part .
Why they think what they do is considerably more complicated .
Since the war began , New York Times / CBS
News polls have shown that people who say the United States ’ efforts in Iraq are going well , even in the face of news to the contrary , are solidly supportive of President Bush and overwhelmingly Republican .
Their upbeat view displays itself on other ways , as well .
They say things in the United States are generally going well right now , putting them at odds with the views of seven in ten Americans , who say the country has veered off on the wrong track .
But as the war has progressed , the number of Republicans who support the war has declined along with popular support more generally , though to a lesser degree .
To a large extent , Mr. Bush ’s public relations offensive in recent months has been aimed at stopping the erosion and holding onto those who have been loyal to him all along .
Speaking at the opening of the largest airshow in Russia 's post - Soviet history , the president said he was determined to make aircraft manufacture a national priority after decades of lagging behind the west .
The remarks follow his decision last week to resume long - range missions by strategic bomber aircraft capable of hitting the US with nuclear weapons .
Patrols over the Atlantic , Pacific and Arctic began last week for the first time since 1992 .
Presidential aides hinted yesterday that Russia could shortly resume the production of Tu-160 and Tu-95 strategic nuclear bombers , now that the aircraft are again flying " combat missions " .
The bombers would be used as a " means of strategic deterrence " , a presidential aide , Alexander Burutin , told Interfax .
Mr Putin said Russia would also resume the large - scale manufacture of civilian planes .
" Russia has a very important goal which is to retain leadership in the production of military equipment , " he said .
The new emphasis on Russia 's revived military prowess comes against a backdrop of deteriorating relations with the west .
Mr Putin has denounced the US 's missile defence plans in Europe , scrapped an agreement with Nato on conventional armed forces , and grabbed a large , if symbolic , chunk of the Arctic .
Yesterday a senior Russian general warned the Czech Republic it would be making a " big mistake " if it permitted the US to use its territory .
Yuri Baluyevsky , Russia 's military chief of staff , said Prague should hold off any final decision on the shield until after next year 's US presidential elections .
" I do not exclude that a new administration in the United States will re-evaluate the current administration 's decisions on missile defence , " he said , after a meeting in Moscow with the Czech defence minister , Martin Bartak .
Speaking at yesterday 's MAKS - 2007 international airshow , Mr Putin said : " Russia , as a state that has acquired new economic capabilities , will continue to attach special importance to high technology and development . "
Analysts , however , took issue with Mr Putin 's claim that Russia was already the leading producer of military aircraft .
However , they acknowledged that Russia had developed some impressive " technologies " .
These include a new S - 400 missile and aircraft interceptor system , similar but better than the US Patriot , and a lethal new supersonic cruise missile , the Meteorit - A .
" They have some very good kit , " one industry observer said .
Russia also used yesterday 's airshow - held at Zhukovsky , a former Soviet airbase on the leafy outskirts of Moscow - to show off its latest generation of jet fighters .
These include an upgraded Sukhoi jet , the SU - 35 , which has a new engines and a new radar system , and a revamped " vector thrust " MIG , the MIG 29 - OVT .
" They are good aircraft .
The MIG can do a very lovely flip , " the industry observer added .
One analyst said Mr Putin did not want confrontation with the west but was determined to restore Russia 's strategic parity with the US .
" Russia wants balance .
It wants a strategic balance with the US , " Ivan Safranchuk , a Moscow - based expert on defence , told the Guardian .
" Russia wants to do this as cheaply as possible .
But with the Bush administration withdrawing from arms control treaties , Russia is saying it is also ready to keep the balance at a high level of cost . "
Asked about Russia 's resumption of long - range bomber patrols , Mr Safranchuk said : " It 's significant .
For 15 years the political leadership was constraining the military on this .
Now it is n't . "
In the 1960s and 1970s the Soviet Union produced more civilian planes than any other country in the world apart from the United States .
After the collapse of communism , Russia 's impoverished government drastically cut spending on its aircraft industry .
Factories producing military planes fared better than those building civilian aircraft , mainly because of buoyant sales to India and China .
But Russia started to fall behind the west in the design of advanced fighters and other military aircraft .
Mr Putin is now determined to make Russia the world 's third - largest manufacturer of passenger jets - after the United States , with Boeing , and the European Union , with Airbus .
Russia 's passenger airlines own about 2,500 ageing aircraft - of which just 100 are western - made models - although they fly one - third of all Russian passengers .
Last week Russian officials said they planned to build 4,500 civilian aircraft by 2025 , while the Kremlin has pledged £ 125 bn to boost the civilian industry .
As part of the plan to boost significantly Russia 's civilian aircraft industry , a new state - controlled organisation , the United Aircraft Corporation , has been created .
It is led by Sergei Ivanov , Russia 's hawkish first deputy prime minister , who sat next to Mr Putin during yesterday 's airshow - and the leading candidate to succeed him after next year 's presidential elections .
IF THERE were any sure bets in medicine , you might think that “ blood transfusions save lives ” would be one of them .
But there are n't .
Even though deaths caused in the 1980s by accidental HIV infection mean that donated blood is now screened meticulously to keep it free of infectious agents , there is still a nagging feeling that something is wrong .
In 2004 , for instance , Sunil Rao of Duke University Medical Centre , in North Carolina , carried out a study of people suffering from acute coronary syndrome ( a specific type of heart attack ) .
One conclusion that could be drawn from his research was that unnecessary blood transfusions might be causing tens of thousands of deaths in America alone .
Dr Rao found that patients who had had a transfusion because of a low red blood - cell count had an 8 % chance of dying within 30 days .
Without a transfusion , only 3 % died .
Those numbers need to be treated with caution .
As Dr Rao points out , the patients who underwent transfusion were , on average , sicker and older than those who did not .
Nevertheless , his study is not the only indication of something amiss .
In recent years , research has suggested that transfusion is not necessarily a good thing for patients suffering from serious injuries , for those who have undergone surgery and even for those who are anaemic .
And a study carried out earlier this year found that critically ill children whose red blood - cell counts had dropped by half fared no better after a transfusion than those who did not receive one .
As a result of all this , questions are being asked about whether something happens to blood when it is banked that causes it to stop working properly .
What that might be has remained a mystery .
But it may be one no longer .
A group of Dr Rao 's colleagues , led by Jonathan Stamler , think the answer is a gas called nitric oxide — or , rather , a lack of it .
Out of gas
The main reason for giving a patient blood is that it carries oxygen .
It carries lots of other things , too , such as glucose .
But it is a lack of oxygen that will kill you quickest .
However , as Dr Stamler points out , what determines whether transfused blood works as a treatment is not merely how much oxygen it is carrying , but whether that oxygen can reach the tissues that need it .
This is where nitric oxide comes in .
Nitric oxide increases the flow of blood to tissues by dilating the arteries that penetrate those tissues .
The best known example is the erectile tissue of the penis ( Viagra works by sustaining the signal that the gas gives ) .
However , it is not just penile blood vessels that nitric oxide relaxes .
When a red blood cell reaches any tissue in need of oxygen it releases nitric oxide in order to dilate the capillaries .
Only then can it deliver its cargo .
And that is doubly true of the cells in stored blood since red blood cells become less flexible with age , and thus less able to squish into capillaries .
Dr Stamler thus wondered if a lack of nitric oxide was causing the problems associated with transfusions .
What he and his colleagues discovered , and published this week in the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences , was that the amount of nitric oxide in stored blood does indeed decrease — and does so rapidly .
Within a day of storage , blood loses 70 % of its nitric oxide .
After a few days , up to 90 % has been lost .
A second paper in the same journal , by Dr Stamler 's colleague Timothy McMahon , confirmed this result ( in fact , it showed that the initial drop of around 70 % happens within three hours of collection ) and showed that it was not caused by the way blood is processed , but merely by the passage of time .
Dr McMahon also established that stored blood does indeed lose its ability to dilate blood vessels .
Dr Stamler is in little doubt about the significance of these findings .
Furthermore , he warns that putting blood lacking nitric oxide into the body does not merely dilute what gas is already present in the bloodstream .
Blood that is poor in nitric oxide will scavenge the gas from other tissues , causing the vessels in those tissues to constrict .
If the tissue in question is heart muscle , the result will be a heart attack .
These papers , therefore , make a strong case that a lack of nitric oxide is creating the problems with transfusions — though as Michael Strong , the president of the American Association of Blood Banks , points out , they do not settle the issue once and for all .
That would require a proper , randomised clinical trial .
And therein lies the rub .
Because blood transfusion is such an old practice ( it dates back to 1818 ) it has never been subjected to modern clinical standards .
Nobody is questioning whether car - crash victims , say , should have transfusions after massive blood loss .
Without it they would undoubtedly die .
But for those not threatened with exsanguination it is far less clear whether a transfusion is a good idea .
There are no rules about when to transfuse and who to do it to .
These are matters of judgment , and knowledge is typically passed from doctor to doctor .
The good news from this study is that the problem should be easy to correct .
If nitric oxide is what is needed , it can be added to banked blood just before transfusion .
As part of the project , Dr Stamler tried this with dogs .
He found that old blood replenished with nitric oxide is as good as fresh blood at relaxing blood vessels .
And that , he thinks , points to a bigger possibility than merely returning blood to normal .
Blood boosted with nitric oxide might be used as a therapy for people who have had heart attacks by providing extra oxygen in the crucial minutes after an attack , before the affected heart muscle has died .
At that point , blood transfusions would no longer be part of the problem : they would be part of the cure .
[ wrap up - added later ]
I must be getting cranky in my old age .
The discussion around Tim Bray ’s “ Wide Finder ” bugs me .
ongoing · The Wide Finder Project
In my Finding Things chapter of Beautiful Code , the first complete program is a little Ruby script that reads the ongoing Apache logfile and figures out which articles have been fetched the most .
It ’s a classic example of the culture , born in Awk , perfected in Perl , of getting useful work done by combining regular expressions and hash tables .
I want to figure out how to write an equivalent program that runs fast on modern CPUs with low clock rates but many cores ; this is the Wide Finder project .
First , the example problem chosen by Tim Bray is crap , but the underlying question is good .
The example can be made to run at near - full I/O speed , and this fact is distracting too many folks .
The underlying question - how to spread a common problem over lots of CPUs - is a worthy topic .
Second , given the above context , optimizing the regex use is irrelevant ( though fun for folks with a twisted sense of fun - of which I am one ) .
Third , there are an amazing number of folk who still seem to be clueless when it comes to optimizing disk I/O.
Memory - mapped I / O is not magic .
Operating Systems optimize sequential I/O - have seen writings from both Sun and Microsoft ( and older ) , but have no references to offer .
Very likely stdio is faster than C++ streams ( some history there ) .
Seeks are not free - so reading off more than one place on disk is usually bad for performance .
In sum we can expect a single process / thread using stdio / fopen / fgets could suck up all ( or near all ) the I/O throughput and deliver near - optimal results .
More than one thread doing disk reads is non-optimal for most machines ( like 90 % + ) .
Any approach that starts with more than one thread doing disk reads is probably a Really Bad Idea .
( Think about the physics of a disk drive - it is not complicated . )
Still , a guess is not as good as a measurement .
As a first cut , wrote a simple program to measure reading a large file using stdio ( no other processing ) , and to measure the effect of applying a regex as in Tim ’s example .
preston@mite:~/workspace/wide-finder-0 $ time Debug / wide - finder - 0 log-* Scanning : log-00 Scanning : log-01 Scanning : log -02 Scanning : log-03 Scanning : log -04 Scanning : log-05 Scanning : log -06 Scanning : log-07 Scanning : log-08 Scanning : log-09 Scanning : log -10 Scanning : log -11 Scanning : log - 12 Scanning : log -13 Scanning : log - 14 Scanning : log -15 Scanning : log -16 Scanning : log -17 Scanning : log -18 Scanning : log -19 Elapsed ( ms ) : 26120 total ( MB ) : 4077 lines : 20000000 Scanned ??
MB/s Scanning : log-00 Scanning : log-01 Scanning : log -02 Scanning : log-03 Scanning : log -04 Scanning : log-05 Scanning : log -06 Scanning : log-07 Scanning : log-08 Scanning : log-09 Scanning : log -10 Scanning : log -11 Scanning : log - 12 Scanning : log -13 Scanning : log - 14 Scanning : log -15 Scanning : log -16 Scanning : log -17 Scanning : log -18 Scanning : log -19 Elapsed ( ms ) : 258260 total ( MB ) : 4077 lines : 20000000 matched : 14571780 Scanned 15 MB/s Final elapsed ( ms ) : 284380 real 6m20.018s user 4m18.864s sys 0m25.522s preston@mite:~/workspace/wide-finder-0 $
Sources are at : http://svn.bannister.us/public/wide-finder-0
Using stdio with a simple fgets ( ) loop is able to suck in over ??
MB/s on my not - cutting - edge hardware .
Looks I / O not CPU bound .
The input files total bigger than memory , so this is real not cached disk reads .
My guess is that a single CPU on a Niagara box will do at least as well ( or my faith in the Sun folk is misplaced ) .
What this tells us is - as expected - a single CPU doing disk reads is right for this problem .
The second part adds applying a regex as in Tim ’s example .
Throughput drops to 15 MB / s and process is ( very ! ) CPU bound .
For the purpose of Tim ’s exercise , this is excellent !
The next logical step would be to find a way to distribute the CPU - hungry regex processing across multiple CPUs .
Just to be clear … for the purpose of Tim ’s topic , none of the following is relevant .
Comparisons between the performance of my box and another box .
Optimizing the file reader .
( It is already I / O bound . )
Optimizing the regex processing .
( Do I have to explain this ? )
What is relevant is distributing the regex processing across multiple CPUs .
My next iteration would be for the reader to place lines into some sort of in - memory queue ( or simple pipes ) , with a scalable number of threads ( ~1 per CPU or as needed for the task ) reading from the queue .
For this problem , outputs from each regex - thread by a single ( ? ) post - processing thread ( merging the counted request strings ) .
This is where the problem gets interesting .
It is easy to come up with very specialized solutions .
What would be more generally useful is a pipeline something like :
( one instance of reader ) -> ( N instances of regex / counter ) -> ( one instance of merge process )
The reader should probably be C++ code ( so we can get full I / O throughput ) , but I ’m tempted - just to prove Tim ’s point - to write the intermediate and backend processes in AWK . :)
Lacking access to a T2 ( or the like ) , I can write the code , but not do any really interesting experiments .
Oh well .
' It 's clear Bush could stop Cheney , ' Post reporter says of his expose David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday June 25 , 2007 Print This Email
This CNN spoke on Monday to prize - winning Washington Post reporter Barton Gellman , co-author of a current four - part series exposing Vice President Cheney 's dominance of US policy decisions .
Gellman first described Cheney 's leading role in approving of enhanced interrogation methods , saying that " Dick Cheney decided early on , we 're not going to win against al Qaeda unless we extract serious intelligence quickly from captured enemies , and he helped push through a fairly remarkable change in law , which was to establish a new distinction between ' torture , ' which the United States government would not do , and ' cruelty . ' "
" Could the argument be made that some of these policies advocated by the vice president are working ? " asked the CNN interviewer .
" He certainly makes that argument , " responded Gellman .
Gellman was unwilling to speculate on the nature of the relationship between Cheney and President Bush , but did comment , " It 's clear that the president knows what Dick Cheney is doing and it's clear the president could stop it . "
Finally , when asked about Cheney 's claim not to be part of either the executive or the legislative branch of government , Gellman responded , " It 's got an interesting constitutional basis .
Scholars could argue about it .
It 's certainly [ a claim ] no vice president has ever dreamed of making before . "
RAW STORY reported previously on the first part of the Washington Post series .
The second part , out today , focuses closely on Cheney 's attentiveness to " the practical business of crushing a captive 's will to resist . "
It details the history of US detainee policy since 2001 and the process by which " on critical decisions for more than six years , Cheney has often controlled the pivot points -- tipping the outcome when he could , engineering stalemate when he could not and reopening debates that rivals thought were resolved . "
At the White House press briefing Monday , Deputy Press Secretary Dana Perino was besieged by reporters with questions about Cheney and the Post series , in particular .
" Dana , is the White House comfortable with the way the vice president is being portrayed in this Washington Post four - part series ? " one White House correspondent asked .
" I mean , two instalments have come out now suggesting almost that he 's out of control ; that he 's operating around the president ; that people like John Ashcroft , when he was attorney general , actually had to deal with the vice president , not the president , had to argue ' I 'm the chief law enforcement officer and should be included in discussions , legal arguments about how detainees are being held . '
Is the White House comfortable with this portrayal ? "
Perino responded , " You know , you 've heard me say before that we do n't do book reviews from the White House , and I think that that -- you know , with the length of this article .
But look , I think any of the -- a lot of what is being talked about there is classified -- dealing with classified issues and following the attacks on our country on 9/11 .
I 'm not going to opine on those .
I 'm not going to say one way or the other about the articles . "
" What I will say is that , number one , this country has not been attacked again ; and number two , all that we have undertaken has been lawful , " Perino added .
Reporters became exasperated when Perino refused to say whether or not Cheney even belonged to the executive branch , and limited her commenting to her " personal experience at the White House . "
" You should get someone out here who can answer our questions , " one correspondent muttered during the briefing .
The following video is from CNN's American Morning , broadcast on June 25 .
Top 10 Most In - Demand Famous Voices
Tanya Chopp Email
I want bi-weekly blog digest updates for clients I want bi-weekly blog digest updates for voice actors Subscribe Submit ×
The Most Highly - Sought After Celebrity Voices and the Vocal Archetypes they Represent
Sometimes it can feel like celebrity voices are everywhere – from car commercials to animated feature films .
But when it comes to the average advertiser ’s needs , just how sought - after are famous voices ?
And what are most marketers hoping to achieve with a celebrity sound ?
As part of an annual Voices.com Trends Report survey , Voices.com polled close to 1,000 respondents from industries such as advertising , marketing and more , to better understand their overall voice over needs .
One of the survey sections specifically focused on respondents ’ perception of the value of celebrity voices .
Results showed that 22 percent had hired a celebrity voice in the past and 10 percent said that they ’d be looking to hire more celebrity - style voices throughout the year .
Read the full report on the Most Popular Famous Voices of 2018 .
Top 10 Famous Voices
We asked , “ If you could hire a celebrity voice talent , which one would it be ? ”
Here are the top 10 , most popular famous voices ( in order of preference ) , as selected by survey respondents :
Why Advertisers Hire Famous Voices
The top three reasons that survey respondents gave for considering a celebrity voice over were :
They believe the target audience is influenced by the celebrity ’s professional brand and values
They believe the celebrity ’s voice will perform better because people will recognize the voice and remember hearing the message
Want to align their brand / client ’s brand with the celebrity ’s professional brand
Famous Voices Versus Soundalikes
Many advertisers desire a famous or iconic sound , but not everyone has the budget to hire a celebrity or famous voice actor .
However , the Voices.com survey revealed that marketers and advertisers have found a way to achieve a similar result .
In fact , 63 % of respondents said that they believe that ‘ A similar voice can achieve the same result as a celebrity voice . ’
It ’s important to note the distinction between a ‘ similar ’ voice over , which has similar vocal qualities to famous voices , and a celebrity soundalike , which is an imitation of one person ’s voice .
Hiring soundalikes is not a very common practice , but hiring a voice that fits the same tone and feel as a celebrity ’s , is .
How to Find a Voice Over That ’s Similar to a Famous Voice : Vocal Archetypes
When posting a job on Voices.com , many clients will refer to a celebrity voice ( e.g. ‘ like a Morgan Freeman - type voice ’ ) , to help auditioning voice actors understand what vocal qualities they should hone in on .
Famous voices make good reference points because their qualities are distinct but also readily available in many other voice actors .
Essentially , famous voices help to describe the vocal archetype you ’re seeking .
Here are three of the top vocal archetypes , complete with examples of celebrity voices , so you can imagine exactly what they sound like , and get the whole picture .
What Do You Think About Celebrity Voice Overs ?
Have you ever thought about hiring a celebrity voice ?
If so , who would you select and what vocal archetype do they fit under ?
If you ’re a voice actor , do you describe your sound as being similar to any particular celebrity ?
Do you think that doing so would help or hinder your business ?
Hire That Next Great Voice for Your Campaign Today !
Sign - up for an account in just minutes and find your perfect voice , on Voices.com .
Among efforts to slim down kids or prevent them from becoming fat , one of the most popular tactics is to restrict energy dense foods — those are the “ bad ” foods high in calories .
The thinking is that by filling kids up with low - calorie , low - fat , high fiber foods like fruits and vegetables , they will eat fewer calories and not get as big .
This popular belief continues despite volumes of contrary evidence showing that children will naturally grow up to be a range of weights , shapes and sizes unrelated to their diets ; and that the focus on “ healthy eating , ” restricting calories and fats , has harmful effects for growing children , both physically and emotionally .
So , it will come as no surprise that this recent study published in the American Journal of Clinical Nutrition did not receive any attention in the media .
Researchers tested to see if young children adjusted how much they ate depending on the calories in the foods .
In other words , does letting kids eat high - fat , high - calorie foods mean they ’ll consume more calories in their overall diet , or do they compensate and naturally regulate what they eat over time to the amounts of energy their bodies need ?
Parents — who ’ve tried to get a youngster who is n’t hungry to eat or to not feed a hungry one — could probably have answered that for them .
But it seems every group of researchers needs to see it for themselves .
If you do n’t know what Crysis is you have probably been living under a rock for the past year ; it is the biggest shooter in years .
The graphics are like nothing else–but the physics are where it really shines ; you can cut trees in half with bullets and leaves actually move around when they are shot at !
Coming from the same studio that made Far Cry , it is to be expected that the lighting looks a little on the overly colorful , slightly fake side .
It ’s not really a problem , it still looks fantastic , but if you want that extra little bit of realism keep reading !
I ’m going to walk you through the Sandbox Editor that comes with the demo .
Let ’s start with the lighting ; lower graphics settings get rather cartoony looking .
The above screenshot is apparently evening –does n’t exactly look it , does it ?
How about now ?
First , you ’ve got the demo installed .
Now go go to this folder on your computer C:/ Program Files / Electronic Arts / Crytek / Crysis SP Demo / Sandbox2 Installer / and then run the installer file located there .
After the installation has completed go to C:/ Program Files / Electronic Arts / Crytek / Crysis SP Demo / and then , depending on whether you are running a 64 bit operating system or not , select the Bin32 or Bin 64 folder ( If you do n’t know how many bits your operating system is , it ’s probably 32 . ) and run the Editor . exe file .
You might also want to make a shortcut to it by right clicking on it , selecting copy and then , on the desktop , right clicking and selecting Paste Shortcut .
Now that the program is open select File , select Open and then go into the island folder and select island.cry .
After it has gone through all the various loading procedures click the terrain menu at the top and select Time Of Day .
A window will pop up with a menu on the side–select Import From File and use this file ( Thanks to Seith from SeithCG.com ) .
Poof !
The lighting is now automagically much better looking !
If you like , you can play around with the graph things in the miiddle of that window to make your own tweaks .
As you can probably see though ; there is quite a bit you can do to the light and you could mess it up pretty bad if you do n’t know what you are doing .
Good thing you can just open the file again if you mess up the settings !
Now the lighting looks fantastic … what now ?
How about we play with the water a bit ?
Do n’t you think the water in Crysis is a little too eerily transparent green looking ?
I ’m not sure whether to think those boats out there are dumping toxic sludge or that the ocean has a really great water filter .
Here ’s what it used to look like ;
A little to green , I think .
How about now ?
It ’s quite easy changing the basic ocean appearance .
In the Rollup Bar on the right of the screen click the second tab with the green icon on it , then click environment and a bunch of settings will be displayed below .
Under ocean , try changing the FogColor value to something a little more blue , I used 31,75,105 .
Now try and change the FogColorMultiplier and FogDensity a bit .
Water is usually much more murky , so I moved the Density up to 0.3 , but that makes the color quite a bit darker , which is where the FogColorMultiplier comes in .
I moved it up to 0.25 and voila !
Nice , pretty and real looking water !
Now that you ’ve made Crysis look even better in the Editor you need go to File and Save it and then select File and Export To Engine , or the game itself will stay the same as it was before !
PS : While you are messing about with the spiffy Sandbox Editor , you might want to check out the Tornado .
They make everything very , very dangerous … and yes ; that is the ground at the top left of the screen .
Behold !
57 Hummers exploding in fiery mayhem !
BAGHDAD , Iraq ( CNN ) --
A key Sunni sheik who united with U.S. forces to fight al Qaeda militants in Iraq was assassinated Thursday by a roadside bomb , officials said .
Sheik Abdul Sattar Abu Reesha speaks to reporters Wednesday in Iraq .
The bomb struck a convoy carrying Sheik Abdul Sattar Abu Reesha and his security detail , a Ramadi police official and an Interior Ministry official said .
At least two of the sheik 's bodyguards were killed and five other escorts were wounded in the afternoon attack .
Abu Reesha , 39 , was head of the Anbar Salvation Council -- also known as the Anbar Awakening -- a coalition of tribes that has been working with the U.S. military to counter al Qaeda in Sunni - dominated Anbar province .
The council , funded and supported by Iraqi Prime Minister Nuri al - Maliki , was formed last year .
Al - Maliki blamed al Qaeda in Iraq for the killing , but said it would backfire against the insurgent group by further isolating it across the country .
" We are certain that this will only strengthen the resolve of al - Anbar 's honorable sons to fight the terrorists and cleanse Iraq of their evil , " the prime minister said in a written statement .
The U.S. military and the U.S. Embassy in Iraq also condemned the attack .
" It is with outrage that the United States and Multi- National Force Iraq condemn the assassination " of the sheik , said Lt. Gen. Raymond Odierno , the day - to - day operational commander in Iraq , in a joint statement with U.S. Embassy in Iraq Charge d'Affaires Patricia Butenis .
" Sheik Sattar will be remembered for his commitment to peace and security in Anbar , " their statement said .
" He had the courage to build unity in the face of ruthless violence .
" Sheik Sattar exemplified the strength of the Iraqi people in the face of terrorism .
His work will go on , and his legacy will never be forgotten . "
Police said Abu Reesha was killed about a mile from his home , but the deputy head of the Anbar Salvation Council , Sheik Hameed al - Hayyes , said the bomb struck the convoy 50 meters from his home in a heavily secured zone surrounding the house .
Al - Hayyes said Abu Reesha was leaving his home to go to his nearby farm , a daily routine , when he was attacked .
It is unclear if the bomb was remotely detonated or triggered by the convoy .
Al - Hayyes said he suspects al Qaeda may be behind the attack , but could not rule out a rival political group .
" This is a big blow to the Anbar Salvation Council and the sons of all Iraqi tribes in al - Anbar and other provinces , " al - Hayyes said .
" But the council will continue its work and will step up current security measures for its members . "
After Abu Reesha 's killing , the council went on Iraq 's state - run television to announce seven days of mourning .
Interior Ministry spokesman Abdul Kareem Khalaf told al - Iraqia state TV that the minister of interior has ordered a monument to be built in memory of the sheik , in addition to naming a police brigade after him and dispatching that brigade to Anbar to assist the council .
Abu Reesha was one of several Sunni leaders who met with President Bush during the president 's surprise visit to Anbar on September 3 .
In a photograph taken during the six - hour visit , a smiling Bush is seen shaking hands with the sheik .
Watch a closer look at the life of Sheik Abdul Sattar Abu Reesha »
Pentagon spokesman Geoff Morrell said that despite the " tragic loss " of the sheik , " he has ignited a movement that will outlive him . "
" His death wo n't stop this movement at all , " agreed retired Gen. David Grange , a CNN military analyst .
Grange predicted that the sheik 's killing -- most likely by al Qaeda in Iraq -- will backfire and will " mobilize more sheiks " to come out against the insurgent group .
Such attacks could actually be a measure of the success the United States is having in the restive province , Grange said .
Bush has repeatedly cited successful efforts to bring Anbar tribesmen over to the coalition 's side in the fight against al Qaeda in Iraq as evidence of U.S. military success .
Since the Sunni sheiks began cooperating with the U.S. military , violent attacks have significantly decreased in Anbar , once a hot spot for al Qaeda attacks .
Bush is expected to reiterate Anbar 's success in a major address Thursday night .
Abu Reesha was a prime target for al Qaeda militants and other terrorist groups because of his visible alliance with the U.S. coalition .
Abu Reesha was featured in a documentary , " Land of Fire , " that aired on Iraqi state - run television in May in which he explained his reasoning for turning against Sunni militants , particularly al Qaeda , in Anbar province .
" The limit was when it ( turned ) into a sectarian war , " Abu Reesha said .
" They lead the people to a sectarian war , they kill a Sunni and say he was killed by a Shiite , they kill a Shiite and say he was killed by a Sunni .
" This led to tensions between the two sects . "
The rising tensions paved the way for the Anbar Salvation Council , Abu Reesha said , " because there is no way we will let them kill as they like . "
Since achieving success in Anbar , the group announced last month it wanted to extend its reach into Baghdad and the government .
It proposed a list of candidates to fill six Cabinet positions vacated in July by the country 's largest Sunni political bloc .
Speaking in the al - Iraqiya documentary , Abu Reesha said his group was willing to " liberate all the villages near Baghdad ... and if the government asks us to participate in cleansing Baghdad that will be a great honor for us and we will respond to the call . "
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Jomana Karadsheh and Mohammed Tawfeeq contributed to this report .
All About Al Qaeda in Iraq • Anbar Province
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Holidaymakers slid down emergency chutes with moments to spare before their Taiwanese airliner exploded and caught fire on Monday , a few minutes after the jet landed on Japan ’s southern resort island of Okinawa .
The left engine of a Boeing 737-800 jet belonging to Taiwan - based China Airlines exploded shortly after arrival in Naha city from Taipei , ripping the plane apart , officials and witnesses said , but all 165 passengers and crew escaped safely .
“ I saw several passengers evacuate from the plane using a chute .
After a minute or so , I heard the sound of an explosion .
It was a big explosion , ” said Tadahiro Hasuo , who told NHK he felt the heat of the blast while passing Naha airport in a taxi .
Video shot by a witness and broadcast on TV showed passengers sliding down two chutes on the right side of the plane , while flames and thick black smoke billowed from the left .
After the flames were extinguished , the charred remains of the plane lay broken on the tarmac near the terminal .
The nose of the plane sagged on its side , while the tail -- emblazoned with the airline ’s pink plum blossom symbol -- was intact at the other end .
In between , the blackened remains of the interior could be seen , with much of the roof of the plane gone .
Early investigations in Naha , the capital of Okinawa , raised the possibility that leaking fuel may have caught fire .
“ We do n’t have any information that suggests the accident was linked to terrorism .
There is a possibility of the engine exploding and catching fire due to a fuel leak , ” a Naha airport police official told Reuters .
One member of the ground crew had been injured , Kyodo news agency reported .
The airline said the plane , which had 157 passengers and eight crew , had just undergone scheduled maintenance .
“ Everything was working according to normal procedure .
There was nothing wrong during the flight , ” China Airlines spokesman Johnson Sun told reporters .
China Airlines has a troubled safety record with four deadly accidents in the past 13 years , including a crash in the Japanese city of Nagoya in 1994 in which 264 people were killed .
( For a related factbox see . )
Okinawa is a popular spot for beach holidays and the number of visitors to Japan from other parts of Asia has increased in recent years , with the lifting of visa restrictions .
Slideshow ( 8 images )
Taiwan ’s civil aeronautics administration said it would send three people , along with China Airlines officials , to Okinawa to investigate the cause of the accident .
The aircraft ’s engines were made by CFM International , a joint venture between General Electric Co and Safran unit Snecma , a Japanese Transport Ministry official said .
But he said it was not clear whether the engine was to blame for the accident .
Playoff Woes : A's Held Hitless Into 7th , Lose To White Sox In Game 1 Of Wild - Card Series Oakland must win Game 2 on Wednesday at home to avoid another early playoff exit .
Glass Fire Update : Some Santa Rosa Evacuation Orders Reduced To Warnings
As Crews Battle BlazeCal
Fire officials announced that some evacuation orders that had been issued for parts of Santa Rosa were being downgraded to warnings Tuesday afternoon as firefighters made some progress in the battle to contain the Glass Fire .
San Mateo County Supes Approve $ 5 M Increase For COVID - 19 TestingSan Mateo County 's Board of Supervisors on Tuesday approved up to $ 5 million for increased COVID - 19 testing .
San Jose Police Officer Charged With Misdemeanor Assault For Kicking , Dragging Woman
In HandcuffsA San Jose police officer has been charged with assault and battery under color of authority for kicking and dragging a woman who was in handcuffs across a parking lot in July in an incident captured on video .
Moms 4 Housing - Inspired Law Regulating Sale of Foreclosed Homes Signed By NewsomA bill prompted by the Moms 4 Housing occupation of a vacant West Oakland home late last year and signed by Gov. Gavin Newsom on Monday aims to increase homeownership in the state .
California Academy Of Sciences Announces October Reopening
The California Academy of Sciences in Golden Gate Park announced plans to reopen in mid-October for the first time since the COVID - 19 pandemic struck .
VIDEO : Man Removing Breonna Taylor Mural In San Rafael Points Weapon
At People Objecting To RemovalPolice in San Rafael were seeking the public 's help in finding a man who brandished a weapon at people who objected to his removal of a Breonna Taylor mural along a busy intersection , in an incident captured on video .
FEMA Aid Approved For Santa Clara Co. Residents Impacted By SCU Lightning FiresSanta Clara County was approved for federal aid on Tuesday to support residents impacted by the SCU Lighting Complex fires that started last month .
San Francisco Reaches Orange COVID Reopening Tier ; Indoor Dining , Worship Services Will Be AllowedSan Francisco became the first Bay Area county Tuesday to reach the orange level of the state 's COVID reopening scale , allowing officials to greenlight indoor dining and expand the controversial limits placed on religious services .
A group of soldiers watch a man being drawn and quartered in this pen-and - ink drawing .
Image : Corbis
1283 : Dafydd ap Gruffydd , the last native prince of Wales in a free if turbulent Wales , becomes the first person known to be executed by being hanged , then drawn and quartered .
While the human capacity for cruelty is limitless , it 's hard to top the medievals for their sheer inventiveness when it came to executing a criminal – especially for the crime of high treason .
Captured after attacking Hawarden Castle at Easter during the ultimately unsuccessful Welsh struggle to remain independent of Plantagenet England , Dafydd was imprisoned by an outraged King Edward I , the man given credit for dreaming up Dafydd 's grisly fate .
The death warrant stipulated Dafydd 's demise should be slow and agonizing , and the monarch did not disappoint .
On Oct. 3 , the appointed day , Dafydd was dragged through the streets of Shrewsbury behind a horse .
After that , he was hanged , revived and disemboweled .
His entrails were thrown into the fire as he watched , symbolic penance for " his sacrilege in committing his crimes in the week of Christ 's passion . "
Then he was beheaded and his body cut into quarters " for plotting the king 's death . "
There would be later refinements to this particular form of capital punishment , including the severing of the condemned man 's " privy parts " as a prelude to the final disemboweling .
The full drawing - and - quartering sentence was carried out until the 18th century in Britain and was not officially abolished as a method of execution until as late as 1870 .
Thankfully , we have in the meantime advanced to technologically advanced methods , like the guillotine , the electric chair , the gas chamber and lethal injection .
( Source : Various )
Sept. 10 , 1977 : Heads Roll for the Last Time in France
Feb. 8 , 1924 : A New Way to Die
Electric Chairs Being Retired
By Navdip Dhariwal
BBC News , Delhi
Onions have recently risen 500 % in price .
Enlarge Image
Delhi's popular Radio
One breakfast show hosts a daily phone - in - and the hot topic for the past couple of weeks has been the price of onions .
The lines have been buzzing as listeners call in on one of the most politically sensitive issues in India .
One South Indian restaurant owner calls in to complain that he can no longer afford to carry on with his business because all his dishes rely so heavily on onions that cooking them is just too expensive .
This humble root vegetable is a staple of the Indian diet .
Even on the station 's normally sedate woman 's hour housewives are calling in irate - demanding to be instructed in cooking dishes that do n't require onions .
' Tax on poor '
Priya Baweja , the programme presenter , says it 's the topic everyone is talking about .
We use a kilo a day - I can't buy anything else once I 've paid for this bag
Delhi shopper
" We have to give out recipes and we get lots of calls on the high prices , " she says .
In the morning market hessian sacks filled with red onions usually arrive by the lorry load - but supplies have begun to trickle .
Stall holders are slowly shifting their merchandise but customers are reluctant to buy .
Prices have shot up fivefold - from five rupees a kilo to 25 in the space of a week .
" The recent rainfall has slowed everything down , " one trader says .
" There is so much demand and yet little supply .
Customers do n't want to pay - I can't blame them .
" It 's just too expensive a price to pay for most households . "
The customers I speak to say the same - one woman has to cook for eight family members and her budget simply wo n't stretch to paying 25 rupees a kilo .
Delhi shoppers are feeling the pinch
" We use a kilo a day , " she says .
" I can't buy anything else once I 've paid for this bag . "
Others have been stockpiling sacks of onions fearful that the hike may continue .
Even India 's wealthy middle classes who have benefited from the country 's 8 % economic growth are now complaining .
But it 's the ordinary man and woman on the street who are worst off .
Paranjoy Guha Thakurta , a leading economist , says " inflation is bad news " .
" It 's like a tax on the poor - it indirectly transfers wealth to the well - off sections of society from the underprivileged and when it 's driven by the price of food products it 's the worst kind . "
Staple food
Onions have a special status in India .
In 1998 the capital 's chief minister was forced to resign when he suggested poor people should give up onions when the price became too high .
Now , with state elections under way , the governing Congress Party is under pressure .
Elections have been lost because of popular resentment .
In Delhi , the state government is doing what it can .
There are makeshift market stalls manned by security guards selling onions cheaper than the going market rate and the sacks of onions here are fast disappearing .
But - with the budget due to be announced on Wednesday and inflation at an all - time high - this humble vegetable threatens to bring a tear to many a politicians ' eye .
I 've been reading Barbara Tuchman ’s “ The March of Folly , ” and her chapter " America Betrays Herself in Vietnam " should be read by all .
Apparently Rep. Wexler ( D - Fl. ) knows his history and says :
Download Download
Wexler : I am skeptical General , more importantly the American people are skeptical because four years ago very credible people while in uniform and not in uniform came before this Congress and sold us a bill of goods that turned out to be false .
And that 's why we went to war based on false pretense to begin with .
This testimony today is eerily similar to the testimony the American people heard on April twenty eighth nineteen sixty seven from General William Westmoreland , when he told the American people -- America was making progress in Vietnam .
Rough transcript below the fold .
Wexler : I vehemently opposed the surge when the president announced that last winter and instead I call for troops be withdrawn .
In your testimony today you claim that the surge is working and you need more time .
With all respect General , among unbiased nonpartisan expert consensus is far .
The surge has failed based on most parameters .
In truth , war related deaths have doubled in Iraq in 2007 compared to last year .
Tragically , it is my understanding that seven more American troops have died while we 've been talking today .
Cherry picking statistics or selectively massaging information will not change the basic truth .
And please understand Gen. P. , I do not question your credibility .
You are a true patriot .
I admire your service to our nation , but I do question your facts .
And it is my patriotic duty to represent my constituents and ask you .
question you about your argument that the surge in troops be expended until next summer , especially when your testimony stating that the dramatic reduction in sectarian death is opposite from the National intelligence estimate the Government accounting office and several other non-biased non- partisan reports .
I am skeptical General , more importantly the American people are skeptical because four years ago very credible people while in uniform and not in uniform came before this Congress and sold us a bill of goods that turned out to be false .
And that 's why we went to war based on false pretense to begin with .
This testimony today is eerily similar to the testimony the American people heard on April twenty eighth nineteen sixty seven from General William Westmoreland , when he told the American people -- America was making progress in Vietnam .
General you say we 're making progress in Iraq but the Iraqi parliament simply left Baghdad and shut down operations last month .
You say were making progress but the nonpartisan GAO office concluded that the Iraqi government has failed to meet a fifteen of the eighteen political economic and security benchmarks that Congress mandated .
You say we 're making top progress ?
War related deaths have doubled .
An ABC / BBC poll recently said that seventy percent of Iraqis say the surge has worsened their lives .
Iraqis say the surge is not working .
I will conclude my comments General and give you a chance to respond but there 's one more thing if I may .
We 've heard a lot today about America 's credibility .
President Bush recently stated we should not have withdrawn our troops in Vietnam because of the great damage to America 's credibility .
General , there are fifty eight thousand one hundred ninety five names etched into the Vietnam war Memorial .
Twenty years from now when we build the Iraq war memorial on the National Mall , how many more men and women will have been sacrificed to protect our so called credibility ?
How many more names will be added to the wall before we admit it is time to leave ?
In 1966 , the German sociologist Helmut Schoeck wrote a classic book , Envy : A Theory of Social Behavior .
He argued that envy is the root cause of socialism and other forms of compulsory wealth redistribution .
Most people think the cause is jealousy .
The jealous person says : “ You ’ve got something I want .
I ’m going to take it away from you . ”
Schoeck said this explanation misses the more intransigent underlying outlook : envy .
“ You ’ve got something I want .
I can never possess it .
So , I ’m going to destroy what you have .
I do n’t want anyone to have it until everyone can have it . ”
Schoeck said that a jealous person can be bought off .
He is willing to settle for a piece of the other person ’s action .
The envious person ca n’t be bought off .
The fact that someone else is in a position to buy him off enrages him .
His sin therefore is self - reinforcing .
Envy undergirds socialism , he argued .
He therefore concluded that it is impossible to buy off hard - core socialists by offering to share a larger percentage of national wealth with them .
They will not go away .
They will demand all : complete equality .
Will this undermine economic production ?
They do n’t care .
They are not jealous .
They are envious .
Schoeck recognized that envy was one of the medieval church ’s seven deadly sins .
He believed that generations of preaching against envy was one of the pillars of Western economic growth — one that has not been widely recognized .
The New Testament ’s position is that every sin is deadly .
“ For whosoever shall keep the whole law , and yet offend in one point , he is guilty of all ” ( James 2:10 ) .
“ For the wages of sin is death ; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord ” ( Romans 6:23 ) .
But envy is surely a sin to be avoided .
There is a common phrase in English : “ I really envy you . ”
It is harmless .
It is actually a kind of compliment .
A person has done well .
The other person acknowledges this .
Yet in some cultures , the phrase would be considered a threat .
In such societies , envy is never mentioned except as something totally evil .
There is a widespread fear of it and its effects .
People believe that either the gods or practitioners of “ the evil eye ” are ready to bring negative sanctions against anyone who gets too high in society , other than agents of the gods .
People who are successful therefore hide visible signs of their success .
They accumulate wealth in forms that are not easily detected .
One result is that people with wealth hesitate to cooperate with those who do not have wealth .
They separate themselves , out of fear of being envied .
They do not want the stigma of visible wealth .
So , they do whatever they can to avoid contact with people who might become envious .
This reduces the division of labor .
People who could learn about what it takes to become productive are not given the opportunity .
For well over a thousand years , the church preached against the sin of envy .
This preaching had a positive effect wherever it took hold in people ’s thinking .
Listeners were hesitant to indulge in the sin of envy .
They had been warned of coming judgment against the envious .
The story , more than any other , which served as the vehicle for sermons against envy was the story of Cain and Abel .
THE SIN OF CAIN
Both men brought a sacrifice to God. Cain ’s was agricultural .
Abel ’s was a dead animal : shed blood .
“ And Abel , he also brought of the firstlings of his flock and of the fat thereof .
And the LORD had respect unto Abel and to his offering : But unto Cain and to his offering he had not respect .
And Cain was very wroth , and his countenance fell ” ( Genesis 4:4— 5 ) .
His fallen countenance was visible to God .
God warned him : “ If thou doest well , shalt thou not be accepted ?
and if thou doest not well , sin lieth at the door .
And unto thee shall be his desire , and thou shalt rule over him ” ( Genesis 4:7 ) .
Cain ’s problem was internal .
Sin lay at the door , ready to devour him .
Here was his situation .
He could not get praise from God directly .
He could trade his agricultural output with his brother .
He could buy an animal to sacrifice .
But he was unwilling to do this .
He was not willing to admit that he had a less desirable sacrifice to offer .
God was being unjust .
But , since he could not get even with God , he got even with his brother .
An acceptable solution was free trade , but he preferred violence .
Even though his act of murder would increase his guilt , thereby making his agricultural sacrifice even more useless , he did not care .
He killed his brother .
By slaying his brother , he made his situation worse .
He was deeper in the clutches of sin .
Sin was now well inside the door .
He owed God more , for his sin was greater .
He would pay a heavy price .
This text was familiar to Western audiences for over a thousand years .
And now art thou cursed from the earth , which hath opened her mouth to receive thy brother ’s blood from thy hand ;
When thou tillest the ground , it shall not henceforth yield unto thee her strength ; a fugitive and a vagabond shalt thou be in the earth .
And Cain said unto the LORD , My punishment is greater than I can bear .
Behold , thou hast driven me out this day from the face of the earth ; and from thy face shall I be hid ; and I shall be a fugitive and a vagabond in the earth ; and it shall come to pass , that every one that findeth me shall slay me ( Genesis 4:11 — 14 ) .
Cain ’s overt sin was murder , but his act of murder was grounded on the sin of envy .
He wanted to tear down his brother , despite the fact that he himself would be made much worse off .
This did not stop him .
In his view , it was better to kill his brother because of God ’s slight to his honor , rather than to offer to exchange a part of his output in exchange for part of his brother ’s output .
He preferred violence to exchange .
He offered Abel no way out .
For a man consumed by envy , the target of his envy has no way out .
ABRAHAM’S WELLS
Less familiar is the story of Abraham ’s wells .
When his son Isaac returned to the land of Philistia , these wells were filled with dirt .
“ For all the wells which his father ’s servants had digged in the days of Abraham his father , the Philistines had stopped them , and filled them with earth ” ( Genesis 26:15 ) .
What had been the point of filling up the wells ?
A well was a source of wealth in the desert .
When Abraham left the region , the Philistines could simply have commandeered the wells , “ in the name of the People . ”
But they did n’t .
That would have meant acknowledging that Abraham had created wealth through his efforts and capital , when they had not been able to .
Even though the stolen water would have made them better off , they preferred to fill in the wells .
They resented the wells as symbols of Abraham ’s advantage over them .
Surely , they did not offer to buy or rent his wells .
This destructive mentality may seem crazy to modern men , yet a similar attitude toward other people ’s advantages exists in today ’s society .
The constant cry against inequality of all kinds has escalated for almost two centuries .
Among those who demand equality , there are few who pursue it personally .
The demand for equality today come from politicians who live in luxury or professors in elite universities , who are paid huge salaries for doing little work and who are protected for life by tenure contracts that prevent them from being fired .
As envy has increased , government intervention into the economy has followed in its wake .
Yet economic inequality remains .
The thousands of programs that were legislated because they would produce more equality have all failed to do so .
These programs hamper production by substituting bureaucratic control ( negative sanctions ) for free market profitability ( positive sanctions ) .
They substitute fear for optimism .
So , they lead to a smaller pie .
Meanwhile , inequality remains or even increases , as it did in the Soviet Union .
Yet the defenders of equality demand more of the same .
There is nothing like someone else ’s well filled with water to upset the defenders of equality .
They will do whatever they can to remove it from their presence .
A SELF - TEST FOR ENVY
Let us say that two politicians come before you , seeking your vote .
Each offers a different scenario .
A world in which American economic growth will remain at 2 % per year , but with China growing at 5 % per year .
At some point , the Chinese will be richer than Americans .
“ Vote for me .
I ’ll do nothing about China .
” A world in which America ’s economy grows at 1 % per year , but China ’s also grows at 1 % per year .
America will retain its supremacy in per capita income .
“ Vote for me .
I ’ll stick it to China , good and hard . ”
If you choose scenario # 1 , you do not suffer from envy .
You understand that 2 % a year is better than 1 % a year .
More is better than less .
What China does is a concern for China .
There is something else to consider .
Would you rather buy the nicest home in a lower - income neighborhood or the smallest house in a rich neighborhood , if you could buy either one for the same amount of money ?
Real estate investors recommend the latter .
The better your neighborhood , the more likely you will find a rich buyer for your house if you ever decide to sell .
Meanwhile , you may get invited to parties where you can meet new contacts — contacts with a lot of money .
If China can keep growing at 5 % a year — it is said to grow at 8 % — year in and year out , then residents of the United States will eventually have to content themselves to keeping up with the Joneses .
The Wongs will be way out of reach .
How do the Wongs make their money ?
By increasing their output .
They invent new gadgets , find ways to cut costs , and generally increase the amount of goods that are available to buy .
If , five decades from now , rich people in China will be able to afford to buy the equivalent of Star Trek ’s hologram decks , while most Americans will have to content themselves with Chinese - made , wall - size , 3 - D video screens , so what ?
If you like video , 3 - D screens are better than what we have today .
A person consumed by envy compares what he has with what those in a different postal zip code have , and he curses the universe because he has not done as well .
Not being able to do anything about the universe , he contents himself with voting for policies that will take away the advantage that residents in the other zip code possess .
Meanwhile , people living in lower - income zip codes organize politically to get legislation passed that would cut residents of the better zip codes down to size .
And so it goes , zip code by zip code .
“ We ’ll get even with you ! ”
It should not matter to anyone how well the residents of other zip codes are doing .
What should matter is whether he can avoid having to move into a lower - income zip code , due to circumstances beyond his control , or whether he can afford to move up , due to circumstances within his control .
What should matter most of all is whether there is sufficient economic growth to let people in his zip code do better , year after year .
How well the other zip codes are doing ought to concern him only in his capacity as a charitable donor or in his capacity as a marketer .
INEQUALITY : AN INESCAPABLE CONCEPT
It is never a question of inequality vs. equality .
It is always a question of which kind of equality , enforced by whom .
Politicians cannot safely say this .
They must pretend to promote this or that program that is guaranteed to increase equality .
( Note : there is no money - back guarantee . )
The best we can hope for is that the program confiscates half the water in someone ’s well .
This will lead to a reduced number of future wells .
Of course , the debate is n’t over water wells these days .
It ’s over oil wells .
When this debate escalates , it moves from sharing wells to bombing wells .
Or maybe the debate does n’t escalate at all .
After all , Cain did not escalate his debate with Abel .
Instead , he launched a pre-emptive strike .
If only there were a political party that would come out foursquare in favor of inequality — an inequality based on the decision of each consumer to buy from one person and not all the others offering things for sale .
Its slogan would be taken from Mel Brooks ’ script for The Producers .
“ If you ’ve got it , flaunt it ! ”
That ’s a lot better than the operational slogan of the envious society : “ If you ’ve got it , hide it ! ”
We are not created equal .
Rather , we are created responsible .
This has been preached by churches for two millennia .
A social order should pursue personal responsibility .
It should enforce this rigorously in its courts .
But when people of varying talents pursue their ends responsibly , without resorting to fraud or violence , the result is inequality .
Why ?
Because people have different skills , capital , experiences , possessions , and opportunities .
They face different consumers .
F. A . Hayek put this choice clearly in his book , The Constitution of Liberty ( 1960 ) .
The courts must either treat people the same legally and therefore allow inequality , or else treat them differently in a futile attempt to create material equality .
From the fact that people are very different it follows that , if we treat them equally , the result must be inequality in their actual position , and that the only way to place them in an equal position would be to treat them differently .
Equality before the law and material equality are therefore not only different but are in conflict with each other ; and we can achieve either the one or the other , but not both at the same time .
The equality before the law which freedom requires leads to material inequality .
CONCLUSION
We find ourselves in a political world whose representatives assure the voters that the government is pursuing equality as a moral principle .
Then these agents use the government to confiscate wealth in order to expand the operations of the state and benefit special - interest groups .
They do this in the name of the People .
The age of envy is with us still .
So , until this changes , I leave you with this advice : “ If you ’ve got it , hide it . ”
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 19 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2007 LewRockwell.com
in /tech / haskell
Once HaXML proved unsuitable for validating XTHML , I turned my attention to HXT , the Haskell XML Toolkit .
While the API for HaXML looked pretty similar to what I might have designed myself , HXT has more of a learning curve .
In particular , it is based on the arrow computational structure .
Like monads , arrows require learning new syntax and a new conceptual model .
Unlike monads , where tutorials are a dime a dozen , there ’s little out there to help you learn to use arrows effectively .
This is complicated by the fact that HXT extensively extends the base Arrow definition , with little additional documentation .
( My one sentence explanation of arrows is that they model computation as pipeline elements which can be performed in sequence or in parallel . )
Despite the paucity of documentation , I got much further along with HXT .
In fact , I have a complete working program , except for a “ but ” that would satisfy Sir Mix - a - Lot .
I ’m going to show most of this program , with annotations , then explain how things go wrong .
type MyArrow b c = IOStateArrow ( Set. Set String ) b c runUrl url = runX ( constA url >>> setTraceLevel 1 >>> withOtherUserState Set.empty >>> split >>> checkUrl )
HXT throws attempts at purity and separation of concerns to the wind , and pushes everything it does into an IOStateArrow ( underneath which are the IO and State monads ) .
The state is separated into a system state and a user state , which is ( ) by default .
Because I ’m going to want to track URLs that I ’ve crawled , I specify a Set of Strings for my state .
This code shoves the seed url into an arrow using constA , enables a low level of tracing , and sets up my initial state .
With that setup done , we can start doing some real work .
( The split will become clear in a second . )
checkUrl :: MyArrow ( String , String ) String -- ( url , base ) checkUrl = clearErrStatus >>> ifA ( first seenUrl ) ( fst ^ >> traceString 1 ( " Skipping ( seen already ) " ++ ) >>> none ) ( first markSeen >>> ifP isLocal checkLocalUrl checkRemoteUrl )
This function checks to see if the URL has been seen before , by checking it against the Set in the user state , and if it has we emit a debugging message and then stop .
( none is a function on ListArrows that essentially produces an empty list , signifying no more work to be done . )
If this is a new URL , we mark it as seen , then branch based on whether it is a local URL or a remote URL .
This is where the split above comes in — we ’ll be keeping track of the previous URL which this on was linked from , in order to figure out when we are leaving the original website .
The most mysterious part of checkUrl is the first line .
Originally I did not have this , and I observed that the spider would run for a while , but terminate before the whole site was crawled .
After adding some additional debugging statements , I discovered something which I am inclined to consider a bug in HXT .
After a document is encountered with errors in validation , something gets set in the global error state which causes all further attempts to read in a document to fail silently .
So , after the spider found it ’s first errors , it would terminate shortly thereafter , as it was n’t managing to pick up any new URLs to crawl .
The addition of clearErrStatus before each new fetch prevents this failure .
checkLocalUrl :: MyArrow ( String , String ) String checkLocalUrl = constructLocalUrl >>> split >>> first ( traceString 0 ( " Checking " ++ ) >>> readFromDocument [ ] >>> selectLinks >>> traceString 1 ( " Found link : " ++ ) ) >>> checkUrl selectLinks :: ArrowXml a => a XmlTree String selectLinks = deep ( isElem >>> hasName " a " >>> getAttrValue " href " >>> mkText ) >>>
getText
checkLocalUrl expands any relative URLs , then reads in the resulting URL and selects out any hrefs from the document .
The result is a list of new URLs to crawl , paired with the URL of this document , which we pass recursively back into checkUrl .
What ’s implicit in this code is that readFromDocument validates the document by default , and in addition to fetching the document itself also fetches the DTD including any subparts , thus avoiding the difficulties I had with HaXML .
Somewhat oddly , the library simply prints the validation errors , rather than returning them from the function , but that ’s something I can live with in this application .
( I think it would be possible to specify an alternate error handler if you wanted to store the errors for later processing . )
checkRemoteUrl is not terribly interesting , and for the purposes of this exposition , you can just consider it to be a synonym for none .
checkRemoteUrl = none
This code seems to be correct , BUT .....
I set it running on my website and it chugs along for a while .
Then it hits a particular page ( of perfectly valid XHTML , by the way ) , and starts validation and just never stops .
I let it run for about 40 minutes with the CPU pegged before killing the process .
Some further investigations with a pared down version of the document showed that it ’s not in an infinite loop , but that it ’s in some nasty , presumably exponential , blowup in the regular expression engine .
The source of this blowup is somehow non-local : removing either half of a list of paragraphs eliminates the problem , removing an enclosing div eliminates the problem , etc .
The author of HXT chose to implement his own regex engine based on the concept of “ derivatives of regular expressions ” , which I take it are interesting academically but , it would seem , perhaps not ideal practically speaking .
At the moment , this is where I ’m stuck .
I ’m pretty comfortable with the program as it stands , but the library is letting me down .
Fortunately , this problem seems more tractable than the HaXML problem .
The decision is then whether to a ) wait for the maintainer to fix it , b ) try to fix it myself , c ) try to replace the custom regex engine in HXT with one of the standard implementations , or d ) rip out the regular expressions from the validation entirely and replace them with standard string functions which would be guaranteed to perform linearly .
The biggest obstacle to working on this myself is not actually the code , but the fact that it takes nearly an hour to recompile the library on my computer .
Verdict : HXT has a somewhat steep learning curve , and the API is a little rough around the edges in places , particularly the state handing parts .
There is desperate need for a better , more comprehensive , tutorial .
This library was written as someone ’s masters thesis , and the code has the look of something which has never seen serious code review ( e.g. , lots of typos , even in function names ) .
I can see no good reason to reimplement regular expressions for this task .
Actually , I can see no good reason to use regular expressions at all for this task .
This portion of the code should be completely overhauled .
On the other hand , it is easy to add debugging statements and to thread state through the computation , and the arrow API has a certain elegance to it .
To come : A resolution ?
Parallelization ?
I ’m not sure why Britain ’s Telegraph or Matt Drudge consider this news , but Ted Sorenson , President John F. Kennedy ’s speech writer and one of his closest aides , has declared Obama is the true heir to JFK ’s legacy and a better candidate or president than Hillary or Bill Clinton , including this Obama campaign talking point :
“ Judgment is the single most important criterion for selecting a president .
At the time of the [ 1962 ]
Cuban missile crisis , Kennedy ’s powers of judgment were tested as no president has ever been tested .
Fortunately for all of us , he really came up with the right answers .
He was 45 .
Obama ’s 46 so he ’s an old geezer . ”
The main reason I find the newsworthiness of this surprising is that Ted Sorenson made this explicit in an editorial for The New Republic [ subscription required , as the article is in archives ] in July , concluding :
[ digg - reddit - me ] Perhaps most tellingly , both [ JFK and Obama ] preached ( and personified ) the politics of hope in contrast to the politics of fear , which characterized Republican speeches during their respective eras .
In 1960 and earlier , cynics and pessimists accepted the ultimate inevitability of nuclear war between the United States and the Soviet Union , much as today they assume a fruitless and unending war against terrorism .
Hope trumped fear in 1960 , and I have no doubt that it will again in 2008 .
Although President Kennedy became the breakthrough president on civil rights , health care , and other liberal issues , he was not the most liberal candidate for the nomination in 1960 .
His emphasis on the importance of ethics , moral courage , and a multilateral foreign policy made him–like Obama–hard to pigeonhole with a single ideological label .
His insistence that the United States “ must do better ” in every sphere of activity , including its cold war competition with the Soviet Union , caused some historians to mistakenly recall that he “ ran to the right ” of Richard Nixon on national security issues , forgetting his emphasis on negotiations and peaceful solutions .
JFK ’s establishment opponents – probably not unlike Obama ’s–did not understand Kennedy ’s appeal .
“ Find out his secret , ” LBJ instructed one of his aides sent to spy on the Kennedy camp , “ his strategy , his weaknesses , his comings and goings . ”
Ultimately , Kennedy was both nominated and elected , not by secretly outspending or out - gimmicking his opponents but by outworking and out - thinking them , especially by attracting young volunteers and first - time voters .
Most of Kennedy ’s opponents , like Obama ’s , were fellow senators –Johnson , Humphrey , and Symington –who initially dismissed him as neither a powerhouse on the Senate floor nor a member of their inner circle .
That mattered not to the voters ; nor does it today .
Above all , after eight years out of power and two bitter defeats , Democrats in 1960 , like today , wanted a winner–and Kennedy , despite his supposed handicaps , was a winner .
On civil rights , the Cuban Missile Crisis , the race to the moon , and other issues , President Kennedy succeeded by demonstrating the same courage , imagination , compassion , judgment , and ability to lead and unite a troubled country that he had shown during his presidential campaign .
I believe Obama will do the same .
What seemed to me more newsworthy about the Telegraph article than the headline , and the bulk of the article which made this point :
The Kennedy legacy and the aura of Camelot have been powerful but largely unspoken themes underpinning the campaign of Mr Obama , another charismatic Harvard alumnus heralding a new era in politics .
Rather , Sorenson had some harsh words for each of the Clintons –however , nowhere near as harsh as the Republican candidate or Mike Gravel are and will be .
He made all the main liberal criticisms of Hillary and Bill , saying that they had and will :
squandered talent and opportunity ;
continued of politics as usual – “ a continuation of the Clinton - Bush 20 years ” ;
a continuation of the Clinton - Bush 20 years ” ; triangulated positions and compromised on core liberal values ;
compromised the honor of the presidency – “ I do n’t think that it was the noblest time for the White House when the Lincoln bedroom was rented out to donors and pardons were being issued to some truly dreadful people ” ;
and of course , that Hillary will lose to the Republican candidate because too many people do n’t like her and she only appeals to people ’s intellects .
That ’s new and news to me .
And it follows a trend of many of those in the Establishment who do not believe another term of the Clintons is the answer .
Certainly an improvement , but far from the answer .
Related articles
Like Loading ...
BY THE NUMBERS BY THE NUMBERS Students are increasingly likely to be sexually active as they move through adolescence .
Percentage who have had intercourse : Age Group Boys Girls Before age 13 9 4 9th grade 39 29 10th grade 42 44 11th grade 51 52 12th grade 64 62 Source : Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( 2006 )
There 's a " recipe " that raises the odds of a teen starting sex early , and the more risky ingredients in a child 's life — for example , not feeling close to parents , low self - esteem and lots of TV — the more likely he is to be sexually active by age 15 , suggests a study released over the weekend .
" It is n't any one thing .
It 's cumulative , and the more risks there are , the greater the chances that they 'll begin sex early , " says Janet Shibley Hyde , a psychologist at the University of Wisconsin - Madison .
She and co-author Myeshia Price reported on their two - year study of 273 children at the Society for the Scientific Study of Sexuality meeting in Indianapolis .
The students were in a larger database study , which gave many facts about their families .
Using anonymous surveys , the researchers asked about sexual activity at age 13 and again two years later .
By 15 , one out of five boys had participated in oral sex and about one in 10 said they 'd had intercourse ; the numbers were somewhat lower for girls .
( Because the teens were mostly middle class and white , they had lower rates of sexual experience than the U.S. average . )
Each risky factor raised the odds of sexual activity by 44 % .
Boys with more advanced puberty development started sex early .
Teens with low self - esteem may start sex to boost their self - images or gain popularity , Price speculates .
Defiant kids with attention - deficit hyperactivity disorder , those whose parents had little education or those who regularly watched certain types of TV also tried sex sooner .
The researchers asked about viewing six kinds of programming and channels : MTV , BET , music videos , wrestling , daytime soap operas and sports shows .
The more TV watched , the greater the likelihood of beginning sex between 13 and 15 , Price says .
Children from 13 to 15 see about three hours of television a day , says Vicky Rideout , vice president of the Kaiser Family Foundation .
" And there 's a lot of sex on TV , " she adds .
But it 's unfair to blame just TV , Rideout says .
Heavy viewers may be left unsupervised a lot by parents .
Kids who start sex early have more partners than those who wait , and they 're much more likely to get pregnant or catch a sexually transmitted disease , says Bill Albert of the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy .
Young teens also are more apt to feel coerced into sex , adds Michael Resnick , director of the Healthy Youth Development Prevention Research Center at the University of Minnesota .
" Maybe he says , ' I 'll break up with you if you do n't , ' or ' I 'll say terrible things about you . ' " But feeling close to parents may offset pressure for sex .
" You have to remain close to your kids , " Hyde says .
" You ca n't just say , ' They 're teenagers , they 're obnoxious .
I 'm checking out , and I 'll see them again at 20 . '
Warmth from parents and clear , firm guidelines can make a big difference to kids this age . "
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Originally published in Pop -up Potpourri : Chocolate Covered SQL on January 18 , 2007 .
Toby Gray , that 's just not fair !
How come my chocolate covered raisins never come with any SQL ?
Das 21 .
Jahrhundert hat uns zahlreiche tolle Erfindungen gebracht .
Und auch wenn das Internet beziehungsweise das Smartphone die Pole Position belegen , so gab es auch in der Kosmetikindustrie ikonische Momente .
Wunderbare Erfindungen für die gewünschte Haarform
Was soll es sein ?
Locken oder glatte Haare ?
Die Antwort lautet : Mal so , mal so .
Warum auch nicht ?
Denn Abwechslung tut uns allen mal ganz gut .
Ganz gleich in welchen Lebensbereichen .
Und wenn es um die Frisur geht , dann muss es auch einfach mal etwas anderes sein .
Im Handumdrehen zu glatten Haaren ?
Absolut gar kein Problem , da der Markt mit Glätteisen förmlich überflutet ist .
Und immer wieder taucht ein Nachfolgemodell auf , welches besser als das vorherige sein soll .
Zumindest , wenn es um die Herstellerversprechen geht .
Das Glätteisen : Manchmal muss es eben straight sein !
Glätteisen sind einfach in der Handhabung : Stecker in die Dose , Gerät einschalten , die gewünschte Temperatur wählen , da die meisten Geräte mit unterschiedlichen Hitzefunktionen ausgestattet sind , warten bis das Glätteisen die Betriebstemperatur erreicht hat und dann kann es auch schon losgehen : Haarpartie abteilen , zwischen dem Glätteisen einfassen und einmal vom Ansatz , bis in die Spitzen durchziehen .
Und schon ist die Strähne glatt .
Welch eine tolle Erfindung des 20 .
Jahrhunderts .
Ein Fön und eine Rundbürste sind gar nicht notwendig , um die Haare glattzuziehen .
Auch für unterwegs geeignet
Inzwischen gibt es sogar Reisemodelle .
Diese Geräte sind kleiner als die übliche Größe und lassen sich dadurch besser im Beauty Case verstauen , welcher auf Reisen nicht fehlen darf .
Denn auch wenn es in den Urlaub geht und man die meiste Zeit am Strand verbringt , so spielt die Frisur zumindest dann eine Rolle , wenn es an die abendliche Party und den potentiellen Urlaubsflirt geht .
Wer allerdings in Länder reist , welche mit speziellen Steckdosen übersät sind , sollte den Adapter nicht vergessen .
Sonst bleibt das Glätteisen im Urlaub oder auf Geschäftsreise kalt .
Es darf auch ruhig etwas hochwertiger sein
Ein Glätteisen ist inzwischen nicht einfach nur ein Gerät , um die Haare zu glätten .
Auch das Design spielt eine immer größere Rolle .
So werden die Glätteisen inzwischen nicht nur in den unterschiedlichsten Farben und Formen angeboten , auch Swarovski -Kristalle sind ein gern gesehenes Accessoire , wenn es um die Gehäuse - Verzierung geht .
Und das spiegelt sich natürlich auch im Preis wieder .
Von günstig bis teuer ist alles dabei .
Richtig teuer wird es mit den Glätteisen von GHD , welche besagte Swarovski-Kristalle zur Verzierung nutzen oder auch die 200 - EUR - Variante in der Gold - Edition anbieten .
Verführerische Locken :
Wenn es etwas wilder und ungezähmter zugehen darf
Aber wie der Mensch halt so ist :
Mit dem was er hat , ist er nicht zufrieden .
Und so kommt es , dass Frauen mit glatten Haaren lieber Locken und Frauen mit Locken lieber glatte Haare haben wollen .
Glücklicherweise lieferte uns das 21 .
Jahrhundert auch dafür ikonisch Momente : Der Lockenstab war geboren .
Locken werden nicht mehr in Form von Wicklern realisiert , sondern mit Strom und ausgeklügelter Technik .
War es den 50er Jahren noch völlig normal , sich als Frau jeden Morgen eine aufwendige Frisur zu kreieren , nachdem man in der Nacht mit Lockenwicklern im Haar auf ziemlich unbequeme Weise geschlafen hat , werden die Locken heutzutage mit entsprechendem Werkzeug gedreht .
Locken auf Knopfdruck
Und auch hier setzen die Hersteller alles daran , die entsprechenden Geräte permanent zu optimieren .
Inzwischen gibt es Geräte , welche die Haare von selbst einziehen , um sie dann in gelockter Form wieder auszugeben .
Das einzige , was die Frau tun muss , ist eine Haarpartie abteilen und das Gerät ansetzen .
Damit es nicht zum haarigen Unfall kommt , sind viele Geräte mit Sicherheitsmechanismen versehen .
Sollten sich die Haare also doch mal ungewollt im Gerät verfangen , schaltet der Lockstab ab .
Dass die guten alten Lockenwickler die durchaus schonendere Methode sind , die Haare in welliger Form zu stylen , ist klar .
Denn die Lufttrocknung ist immer noch die beste Option , wenn es darum geht , die Feuchtigkeit im Haar kondensieren zu lassen .
Die effektive Haarentfernung : Selbstverständlich elektrisch
Das 21 .
Jahrhundert hat uns jedoch gezeigt , wie schnelllebig die Zeit geworden ist und dass es grundsätzlich darum geht , Zeit einzusparen .
Inwiefern moderne Kosmetik - Produkte tatsächlich zeiteinsparend sind , muss wohl jeder für dich selbst entscheiden .
Hier lautet die Devise : Probieren geht über Studieren .
Allerdings haben uns die ikonischen Momente des 21 .
Jahrhunderts gezeigt , dass der Fokus nicht nur auf die Zeitersparnis gelegt wird , sondern dass auch Effektivität ein großes Thema ist .
Das macht sich zum Beispiel bei Epiliergeräten bemerkbar .
Keine Frage : Rasieren ist lästig und nimmt auch eine gewisse Zeit in Anspruch .
Aber vor allem hält die Rasur nicht lange vor , da die Härchen am nächsten Tag schon wieder sprießen .
Ein bisschen Schmerz muss sein
Die Effektivität im 21 .
Jahrhundert zeigt uns durch permanente Weiterentwicklung , dass es immer noch effektiver geht .
Wer schon mal ein Epiliergerät benutzt hat , weiß dass dies sehr schmerzhaft ist .
Kein Wunder , denn die Härchen werden einzeln herausgerissen .
Das ist ähnlich unangenehm wie das Zupfen der Augenbrauen .
Aber hier besteht der Vorteil in der Effektivität .
Denn epilierte
Haut bleibt laut Aussagen einzelner Hersteller bis zu vier Wochen glatt .
Und wem das immer noch nicht effektiv genug ist , der greift am besten zum IPL - Gerät .
Mit dem Laser zur Haarentfernung – Leider nicht für jeden geeignet
Der Laser ist inzwischen erschwinglich geworden , da die Nachfrage gestiegen ist .
Denn wie bereits erwähnt , soll es immer effektiver werden .
Und diese Effektivität wird mit dem IPL - Laser dadurch erzielt , dass die Haarfolikel nach und nach zerstört werden , indem die Wärme hineingeleitet wird .
Klingt erst einmal mehr als effektiv .
Allerdings funktioniert das Verfahren nur bei Menschen mit heller Haut und dunkler Behaarung , da der Laser helle Haare nicht erkennen kann .
Die Folge : Eine Haarentfernung ist kaum möglich und das Gerät wurde umsonst angeschafft .
Auf zum Waxing : Schmerzhaft aber effektiv
Doch auch damit nicht genug , denn der Fortschritt in Sachen Haarentfernung ist nicht aufzuhalten .
Zumindest wenn man sich eine weitere Methode der Haarentfernung anschaut : Das Waxing .
Im Gegensatz zum Epiliergerät werden die Haare nicht einzeln , sondern großflächig mit einem Ruck herausgerissen .
Das ist zwar ebenfalls schmerzhaft und eine Dienstleistung welche auch nicht ganz billig ist , aber zumindest kann man sich ein paar Tage oder sogar Wochen über haarfreie Körperstellen freuen , welche vor allem im Sommer ein aktuelles Thema sind .
Die Wimpern : Die ultimative Möglichkeit für den perfekten Augenaufschlag
Doch nicht immer geht es im Bereich der Kosmetik um die Haarentfernung .
In vielen Bereichen ist sogar ein Zuwachs von Haaren gewünscht .
Zum Beispiel wenn es um lange und volle Wimpern geht , welche einen verführerischen und wachen Blick zaubern .
Die vollen Wimpern gehören ja inzwischen schon fast zum guten Ton.
Junge Mädchen legen immer mehr Wert auf Kosmetik , wobei auch gerne mal übertrieben werden darf .
Amy Winehouse hat es mit ihrem XXL - Lidstrich vorgemacht und seitdem scheint zu gelten : “ Mehr ist Mehr ” Bedauerlicherweise gibt es nur sehr wenige Produkte , welche keine Nachteile liefern .
Und diese treten in Bezug auf künstliche Wimpern leider sehr zahlreich auf .
Jetzt wird es fummelig : Wimpern kleben !
Von Zeitersparnis kann keine Rede sein , denn der dünne Wimpernrand will durch eine ruhige Hand mit einer hauchdünnen , sauberen und gleichmäßigen Schicht Kleber aufgetragen werden .
Mit den Händen lässt sich das Ansetzen nur schwer realisieren , weshalb am besten zwei Pinzetten benutzt werden .
Sind die Wimpern erst einmal geklebt , müssen natürlich auch die eigenen Wimpern getrimmt werden .
Also in der Regel schwarz getuscht .
Aber ob das Auftragen der Mascara vor oder nach dem Ankleben der Wimpern Sinn macht , muss wohl jeder für sich selbst entscheiden .
Hinzu kommt , dass es in Bezug auf den Kleber zu einer Unverträglichkeit kommen kann .
Und mal abgesehen davon , müssen die Lashes abends auch wieder entfernt werden .
Das klappt am besten mit Öl , wobei man auf den öligen Schleier im Auge auch sicher gut verzichten kann .
Mehr Wachstum für die Wimpern mit dem Revitalash Serum
Wesentlich effektiver geht es da schon mit einem guten Wimpernserum zum Beispiel mit dem Wimpern Booster von medipharma cosmetics zu .
Anstatt sich die Wimpern aufzukleben , wobei natürlich meistens übertrieben wird und die dickste und buschigsten Varianten ausgewählt werden , wird das Serum einfach regelmäßig aufgetragen .
Der Hersteller verspricht ein Wachstum von 25 Prozent , welches sich in Bezug auf die Länge bemerkbar macht .
Das bedeutet , dass die Wimpern durch das Serum 2 mm länger werden .
Der Wimpern Booster hat aber nicht nur in puncto Länge eine Verbesserung zu bieten , auch die Dichte beziehungsweise die Fülle der Wimpern nimmt zu .
Das hat den Vorteil , dass die Wimpern auch ungeschminkt optisch mehr hermachen .
Must - have für den Beauty Case
Daraus resultiert der Vorteil , dass das üppige Tuschen der Wimpern minimiert werden kann , da es nicht mehr erforderlich ist , so viel Mascara aufzutragen .
Grundsätzlich wirken die Wimpern bei regelmäßiger Anwendung natürlich , frisch und gesund .
Und das ist noch nicht alles , denn das Serum sorgt auch für die Pigmentierung der Wimpern .
Die Wimpern wirken dadurch nicht nur voller , sondern auch gesünder .
Damit ist der Marilyn - Monroe - Augenaufschlag vorprogrammiert .
Aber auch wenn das kleine Wundermittelchen in jedes Schmink - Täschchen gehört , so bringt auch das Revitalash einige Nachteile mit sich : Zum einen sind die ersten sichtbaren Ergebnisse erst nach vier Wochen erkennbar , zum anderen können allergische Reaktionen auftreten und mit einem Preis von ca. 60 EUR ist es auch nicht gerade günstig .
Gepflegte Nägel ?
Nicht ohne Studio !
Ikonische Momente erleben wir natürlich auch im Nagelstudio .
Denn mal ehrlich :
Wer hat von Natur aus schon so feste Nägel , dass diese einfach vor sich hinwachsen können , ohne dabei einzureißen ?
Das dürfte wohl die wenigsten Frauen betreffen .
Zum Glück gibt es ja das unter UV - Licht aushärtende Gel. Vier Schichten auf den Naturnagel und schon ist der designte Nagel 60 - mal stärker als der Naturnagel .
Aber nicht , dass man sich auf diese Weise lange Nägel leisten kann , auch die lästige Nagelhaut wird im Nagelstudio regelmäßig entfernt .
Denn das Problem mit der Nagelhaut ist , dass diese mit dem Nagel mitwächst und deshalb einreißt .
Das führt zu den unerwünschten Nietnägeln , welche unangenehme Entzündungen mit sich bringen und einfach unschön aussehen .
Wenn das Equipment auch zweckentfremdet werden kann
Der Fraser , welcher im Nagelstudio benutzt wird , um das ausgehärtete Gel von den Nägeln zu entfernen , ist inzwischen durchaus erschwinglich .
Professionelle Geräte gibt es schon für weit unter 100 EUR .
Die dazugehörigen Diamant - Bits sind zwar etwas teurer aber sehr effektiv .
Zwar sollte man dieses
Gerät nicht zu Hause verwenden , da es schnell passieren kann , dass man zu viel Gel vom Nagel feilt und dann mit dem Fraser auf dem Naturnagel landet .
Und das ist ein absolutes
No - go , da der Naturnagel zerstört werden und sogar zu Infektionen führen kann .
Allerdings eignet sich der Fraser hervorragend , wenn dieser zweckentfremdet wird .
So kann dieser zum Beispiel eingesetzt werden , um unerwünschte Hornhaut an den Hacken zu entfernen .
Zwar gibt es im Handel entsprechende Produkte , jedoch haben diese nicht ansatzweise so viel Power wie der Fraser .
Und mit einem Diamant - Bit ist die Hornhaut im Nu entfernt .
Spezielle Hornhaut - Cremes werden damit mehr als überflüssig .
Und mal ehrlich : Das schmierige Gefühl an den Füßen macht sich in Schuhen nicht besonders .
Selbstgemacht : Falten wegspritzen
Eine weitere schöne Erfindung im 21 .
Jahrhundert , ist die Hyaluronsäure .
War es bis vor einigen Jahren noch erforderlich , das Kosmetikstudio zu besuchen und mehrere Hundert Euro zu investieren , wenn es darum geht die unschönen Nasolabialfalten zu entfernen , heißt es heute : DIY !
Ja , auch in Sachen Kosmetik - Eingriffe wird inzwischen selbst Hand angelegt .
Die Hyaluronsäure gibt es schon für ca. 100 EUR bei Amazon oder eBay zu kaufen .
Hier sollte allerdings auf die Produktgröße geachtet werden : Fertigspritzen mit 1 Milliliter Inhalt , sind für eine langfristige Behandlung nicht ausreichend .
Die Behandlung setzt voraus , dass das Füllmaterial zunächst einmal subkutan injiziert wird .
Eine zweite Behandlung erfolgt zwei Wochen später .
Und die dritte , abschließende Behandlung erfolgt nach drei Monaten .
Anschließend bleiben die Falten für ca. zwei Jahre aufgefüllt .
Das Schöne an der Hyaluronsäure : Diese regt die Kollagenbildung an , welche sich ebenfalls straffend auf die Haut auswirkt .
Der Nachteil : Es kostet Überwindung , die Spritze selbst zu injizieren .
Zwar gibt es zahlreiche Tutorials im Internet , jedoch sollte man im Zweifelsfall ausführlicher recherchieren , bevor es an die Faltenbehandlung im DIY - Style geht .
Wenn es auf dem Kopf auch mal etwas bunter zugehen darf
Eine weitere tolle Erfindung im 21 .
Jahrhundert definiert sich über die Haarfärbeprodukte .
Wer mit der eigenen Haarfarbe nicht zufrieden ist , graue Haare abdecken oder einfach nur neue Styles ausprobieren möchte , hat zahlreiche Möglichkeiten , sein Haupt zu verschönern .
Ganz gleich mit welcher Farbe :
Rot
Braun
Schwarz
Blond
Pink
Blau
Grün
Grau
Ja , das “ Granny Grey ” ist inzwischen zum Trend geworden und sieht ehrlich gesagt , gar nicht so verkehrt aus .
Zumindest , wenn es professionell gemacht wurde und zum Typ passt .
Und selbst wem das noch nicht ausgefallen genug ist , der lässt sich ganz einfach den Mairmaid - Look verpassen .
Dabei handelt es sich um einen Farbverlauf , welcher gleich mehrere Farben beinhaltet .
Ein waschechter Hingucker .
Vor allem bei langen Haaren .
Braun werden auf Knopfdruck
Und auch wenn es um die Hautfarbe geht , hat uns das 21 .
Jahrhundert eine wunderschöne Erfindung beschert : Das Solarium .
Was früher noch als Luxusbehandlung galt , weil 15 Minuten je nach Anbieter , auch gerne mal 12 EUR gekostet haben , gibt es inzwischen Solarium - Ketten , welche Flats anbieten .
Das bedeutet , dass man ca. 25 EUR im Monat bezahlt und dafür jeden Tag bis zu 30 Minuten bräunen kann .
Leider gibt es auch Kunden , die es gerne mal übertreiben und sich tatsächlich täglich für eine halbe Stunde auf die Sonnenbank legen .
Diese Sucht hat sogar einen Namen : Tanorexie .
Dosiert und wohlig warm – Perfekt für kalte Wintertage
Das Schöne am Solarium ist , dass die Haut lediglich mit UVA - und UVB - Strahlung besonnt wird .
Die gefährliche UVC - Strahlung , welche von der echten Sonne abgegeben wird , kommt im Solarium nicht zum Einsatz , weshalb das Sonnen im Solarium definitiv gesünder ist , als mehrere Stunden am Strand zu legen .
Darüber hinaus ist das Sonnen im Solarium dosiert .
Wer am Strand einschläft und sich über mehrere Stunden nicht eincremt , riskiert einen gefährlichen Sonnenbrand .
Dies kann im Solarium nicht passieren , da nach spätestens 30 Minuten Schluss ist .
Im Sommer mag der Besuch im Solarium unerträglich sein , doch im Winter bietet das Sonnenstudio eine hervorragende Methode sich von innen aufzuwärmen und das Gefühl von Sonne zu spüren , wenn der Himmel mal wieder für mehrere Tage oder sogar Wochen grau zugehängt ist .
Der Abdeckstift war gestern
Die Kosmetik im 21 .
Jahrhundert hat so viele wunderbare Erfindungen zu bieten .
Zum Beispiel das Camouflage - Make - up .
Wer auf einen Porzellan - Teint steht , findet im Internet zahlreiche Produkte , welche wirklich jede Unebenheit abdecken .
Damit verschwinden sogar Brandmale unschöne Tattoos oder Pigmentstörungen .
Und das Schöne daran ist , dass man sich in Bezug auf die Produktauswahl durch das Internet inspirieren lassen kann .
Zahlreiche Kundenrezensionen geben Aufschluss darüber , ob sich der Kauf eines Produktes lohnt oder nicht .
Denn Kunden die beispielsweise auf Amazon bewerten , sind gnadenlos , wenn es um eingeschränkte Qualität geht .
Die Ganzkörper - Kosmetik : Das Body - Shaping
Das Fitness - Studio zählt zwar nicht unbedingt in den Bereich der Kosmetik , jedoch gehört das Body - Shaping inzwischen zum guten Ton .
Und selbst wenn es nicht um das Formen der Figur geht , so lautet das Motto seit Jahren : healthy Life , was so viel wie “ gesundes Leben ” bedeutet .
Das Cardio- Training wird nach dem Feierabend zum Pflichtprogramm .
Mit einem Smoothie in der einen Hand und dem Fitness - Tracker am anderen Arm , geht es auf das Laufband .
Und selbst , wenn man sich selbst nicht allein motivieren kann , dann wählt man eben einen der zahlreichen Kurse , in denen das Gruppen - Gefühl die Ambition steigert , sich zu bewegen .
Die Nachfrage ist so groß , dass es inzwischen zahlreiche Ketten gibt , welche ihren Kunden günstige Flats anbieten .
Da gibt es keine Ausrede mehr .
Denn Fitness - Studios sind zahlreich vertreten , sodass der Weg nicht zu weit ist .
Darüber hinaus sind die Preise moderat und die moderne Ausstattung sorgt dafür dass für jeden das passende Gerät dabei ist .
Viele Fitness - Studios haben sogar rund um die Uhr geöffnet , sodass man auch nach einer Spätschicht oder vor der Nachtschicht noch zum Sport gehen kann .
Kosmetik aus dem Internet – bequem und vielseitig
Ein weiteres Highlight im Bereich der grandiosen Erfindungen im 21 .
Jahrhundert , ist die Tatsache , dass man einfach jedes Kosmetikprodukt im Internet bestellen kann .
Die zahlreichen Vorteile welche daraus resultieren , ermöglichen uns den Alltag bequemer zu gestalten .
Wer nach Feierabend keine Lust hat , eine Drogerie aufzusuchen , um sich mit entsprechenden Artikeln wie zum Beispiel Deo , Duschgel oder Haarshampoo auszustatten , kauft einfach virtuell ein .
Das Tolle am Internet : Man wird auch auf Produkte aufmerksam gemacht , welche im eigenen Land gar nicht verfügbar sind .
Dann wird das Fruchtsäure - Peeling eben in UK bestellt .
Die Lieferzeit nehmen wir in Kauf , denn wir haben ja keinen Einkaufsstress .
Ab damit in den virtuellen Warenkorb , bequem mit PayPal oder per Lastschrift bezahlen und schon kann man sich sein Päckchen bei der Post abholen , man sofern zum Lieferzeitpunkt nicht zu Hause ist und sich auch die Nachbarn als nicht sehr kooperativ erweisen .
Teilweise müssen beim Shoppen im stationären Handel gleich mehrere Geschäfte abgegrast werden , um all das zu bekommen , was man braucht .
Wer im Internet Seiten wie Amazon oder Ebay nutzt , findet wirklich alles , was man braucht .
Es scheint , als gäbe es im Internet nichts , was es nicht gibt .
Bequemlichkeitsfaktor gleich 100 Prozent .
Bargeldlos bezahlen – Die perfekte Geschenkidee
Und selbst wenn es um das leidige Thema Schenken geht , zum Beispiel wenn das Weihnachts - oder das Osterfest mal wieder vor der
Tür steht , haben wir es im 21 .
Jahrhundert leicht , das passende Geschenk zu finden .
Das Zauberwort lautet : Geschenkkarte .
Denn auch wenn wir wissen , dass er oder sie auf kosmetische Produkte steht , so wird man bei der riesigen Auswahl kaum wissen können , was genau es denn sein soll .
Also ab in die Drogerie , in die Parfümerie oder den Friseur - Bedarf und eine Geschenkkarte geholt .
Und selbst dabei ist die Auswahl enorm .
Ob 10 , 15 , 20 , 25 , 30 oder wie viel Guthaben auch immer auf der Karte sein soll .
Der oder die Beschenkte hat die Möglichkeit , sich selbst auszusuchen , welches Geschenk es denn werden soll .
Zugegeben , die Geschenkkarte wirkt im ersten Moment ein bisschen unkreativ .
Aber der zweite Gedanke bedeutet : Super , ich kann mir etwas aussuchen .
Und selbst wenn es sich um ein Geschäft handelt , in welchem man einfach nicht fündig wird , dann kann die Karte auch ganz einfach im Internet verkauft werden .
Dann muss man zwar 5 bis 10 EUR einbüßen , bekommt aber dennoch Bargeld dafür und der oder die Käufer / in freut sich über einen vergünstigten Gutschein .
You may have seen Julian Beever ’s work in the past , but we ’ve got another amazing set of pictures — sent in by readers — for your viewing enjoyment .
Video after the break .
First picture in gallery .
I like the feature ... and some have done quite a great job in developing for it .
( like a very nice DC taxi map that actually shows the zones ) .
I myself have used it for making my own directions and mapping properties I 'd like to see in my real - estate search .
Enlarge By Envogue Photography & Video Limited Relationship changes : Hasidic Jew Shaya Rochester , left , with his father , Marty , at a family wedding , was raised “ Jewish lite . ” Enlarge By John Zich , USA TODAY contract photographer Visible difference : Reem Rahman , left , talks with her mother , Ruby Rahman , on the Riverwalk in downtown Naperville , Ill .
Both are Muslims , but Reem wears a hijab , or head scarf , and her mother does not .
Digg
del.icio.us
Newsvine
Reddit
Facebook Pamela Moss worships every Sunday at Messiah Baptist Church in Grand Rapids , Mich. , where they preach the Bible straight up , sing the old hymns " and then let me get on with my day . "
But her son , George , 24 , is a fervent Evangelical , witnessing to strangers and praying " in a church that looks like a gym .
To me , he 's just out the gate , " his mystified mom says .
Stephen Rochester , 32 , grew up " Jewish lite " in St. Louis , says his father , Marty .
" So I was stunned when Stephen went religious with a capital R , " switching to his Hebrew name , Shaya , and adopting the black hat of Hasidic Jews .
Mari Beth Nolan , 22 , grew up a " Christmas and Easter " Catholic .
Now she plans to go to work at a missionary clinic in Ecuador , leaving her parents proud — but confused .
Small wonder parents are befuddled .
Though Gallup polls dating to the '50s say young adults are less likely to attend services or say religion is very important in their lives , clergy of all stripes say they are seeing a small wave of young adults who are more pious than their parents .
And they 're getting an earful from boomer moms and dads who range from shocked to delighted .
Statistically , these devout young people are " floating below the radar , " says Rabbi Zalman Shmotkin of Chabad.org , which encourages Jews to deepen religious practice .
Such stories are ancient : Abraham smashing his father 's idols ; young Jesus teaching his elders ; Buddha leaving his father 's home .
" Freaked - out parents are nothing new here , " says the Rev. Jeremy Johnston , executive pastor of First Family Church , a Baptist megachurch in Overland Park , Kan . .
" The parents are intimidated by their child 's depth of feeling .
They threaten college students to ' cut off tuition support if you 're going to be such a fanatic . '
They think the normal way to be a young adult is the way they were .
But it 's not .
" We tell young people when they are all wound up in new faith that the best thing you can do is show your parents the changes God is working in you .
Parents can decide for themselves whether they want to follow . "
Brooke Havarty , 21 , says her parents struggled when she transferred from Arizona State to Liberty University in Virginia , founded by the late Rev. Jerry Falwell .
" I had a great childhood in a great family , " she says .
" We went to church on Sundays , but it was just what you did .
I was never shown the value of the Bible , the role God had in my life .
I saw the consistency and joy in the lives of faithful Christians , and I wanted that in my life . "
Havarty , whose parents are divorced , adds that her dad " is an amazing father , but he does n't want to give every area of his life to Christ the way I do .
It 's hard for him to understand why I 'm so black and white about things . "
Her father , Mike Havarty of Overland Park , says Brooke is " an incredible young lady , academically and in her faith . "
He says his daughter has " earned the right " to study where she pleased .
Parents will go along when they " realize their kids are becoming more spiritually attuned , not rejecting their parents or their past but growing from within , finding new and deeper ways to interact with God , " Shmotkin says .
Catholic writer Scott Hahn , who teaches at Franciscan University in Steubenville , Ohio , says parents may be reluctant if " kids are casting their parents ' lives into question .
I hope when kids come home , naturally zealous but not always tempered by reality or maturity , they will appreciate their parents more . "
' A little obnoxious ' Nolan says she felt a deep connection to Catholicism as a teen when her family had just moved cross-country for the second time .
She insisted her parents , nominal Catholics , send her for religious studies and drive her to Mass .
" At first I was a little obnoxious .
There were a few conversations like , ' You need to calm down , ' " she recalls .
And when she chose Franciscan , known for its traditionalist fervor , " I know my dad was leery . "
Her father , Tom Nolan , 53 , of Atlanta , says the demands of a divorce , a move and travel in his sales job have left him " disconnected from church . "
Yet he supported her , as he does now that she 's going to do social work in the Andes instead of going straight to graduate school .
Mari Beth says her parents " have a knowledge of God , but they do n't always like to follow the ways of the church .
I absolutely wish they were more into it .
It brings me so much joy , love and peace .
It 's hard not to be able to share that with the most important people in my life . "
George Moss also feels that divide .
He finds it " harder to sit down with your own mother and talk about Christ than it is to share the Gospel in the streets of Jamaica . "
" My mom was always very churched , " Moss says .
" But it was a habit without heart behind it .
I wanted real faith , not just church .
I wanted my faith to play out in everything I do , all the time — raising my son , rapping Christian music , DJ at a Christian radio station . "
But his faith , like his non-denominational church , is too " free - spirit " for his mother .
" I dress up and give the Lord his respect , " says Pamela Moss , 53 .
" But I even saw someone barefoot there .
And the pastor was out walking around in a shirt and pants , not on the pulpit in a robe .
" I was brought up in the Word , and I will never depart .
But George does take it to another level .
He 's out there rapping , and I can't catch the words .
He 's going on mission trips .
He 's always out there witnessing .
Now , I do n't have a problem with witnessing , but I 'm sorry , I have a job , and when I get home , I 'm tired .
On Sunday , I go , hear the Word and leave . "
The religiosity gap runs across faiths .
Marty and Ruth Rochester rode an emotional roller coaster after Shaya , a philosophy major at Yale , deferred law school for intense Jewish studies at a yeshiva .
Ruth says that when Shaya called to tell her he'd bought his first Hasidic black hat , " I burst into tears . "
" To me , it means he had gone off the deep end , setting himself apart from the family and Judaism as I knew it .
But he 's my son , I love him dearly , so I decided this is just something else to get through . "
Shaya , now a lawyer at a Manhattan firm , believes " my father was more opposed than my mother .
He was concerned I would drop law school and be this crazy religious guy who would waste my education and never be able to support myself . "
Yet , his father says other things , small things , have been harder .
He misses their father - son heart - to - heart evenings , talking over beer and burgers at a favorite hangout , O'Connell's .
The end of evenings at the unkosher pub " symbolized a break in the normal rhythm of our family life .
It upset me . "
The swoops and dips have leveled out now with Shaya 's more mature faith , his marriage and the arrival of grandchildren .
Although Marty sees Shaya " gently noodge us to become more observant , it 's never been in - your - face , never been pushy , always gentle .
Shaya is flexible wherever he can be . "
' They 're so visibly Muslim ' Ruby and Inem Rahman of Naperville , Ill. , are puzzled to find that their daughter , Reem , is more publicly religious and active in Islamic life in the Midwest than they were in their youth in Pakistan .
Reem , 21 , founded student chapters of the Council on American - Islamic Relations and an interfaith youth action group at the University of Illinois - Urbana , and she inspired her younger brother to step up observance and activism , too .
Ruby , 50 , praises her children 's " good faith and strong characters .
I know they are pure , that they are working for peace and liberty .
But I 'm concerned they 'll be stereotyped by prejudiced people because they are so visibly Muslim . "
Her own faith is strong , says Ruby , a substitute teacher , but beyond dressing modestly , she feels no need in the USA , " a cosmopolitan country , to proclaim it to the world by wearing a scarf . "
Inem , 55 , loves that everyone here can follow his or her own faith , " but it should be a personal path .
All religions give you your ethics and moral values , but it 's best to keep your passion private . "
Reem , now working in the Chicago office of the Council on American - Islamic Relations , says wearing the hijab allows her to be " in a state of God consciousness and readiness to pray to God at all times . "
Still , she agrees , it can attract unwelcome attention .
" People think you 're oppressed if you 're covered .
People ask me all the time now where I 'm from .
I say Detroit .
I have a degree in cognitive neuroscience .
I can be a working woman , a scholar , a lawyer , a teacher , whatever I want .
Do I sound oppressed to you ? "
For all her devotion , however , Reem wo n't call herself more religious than her parents .
It would n't be Islamic , she says , " to place myself as judging anyone .
It 's only for God to know who is practicing , who 's more observant . "
Share this story : Digg del.icio.us Newsvine Reddit Facebook Enlarge Handout photo George Moss of Grand Rapids , MI , performs during a concert at Knock Alva High School in Jamaica in June .
" The box I was holding was a prop for a skit that we did called Sin Box .
It showed how we have all been trapped in the box of sin , but God offers us freedom from it . "
Conversation guidelines : USA TODAY welcomes your thoughts , stories and information related to this article .
Please stay on topic and be respectful of others .
Keep the conversation appropriate for interested readers across the map .
Wall said the actions by Blair and Campbell meant there was no possibility of a UN compromise to avert the war .
Wall is one of a number of key political and military figures interviewed for documentary - maker Michael Cockerell 's three - part BBC 2 series on Blair , which continues this week .
Wall accompanied the Prime Minister to a crucial EU summit in October 2002 as Blair and US President George W. Bush were becoming increasingly isolated .
He said that Chirac privately urged caution , even using the Prime Minister 's then - infant son to bolster his argument , saying : ' Leo will not thank you if you take Britain into war . '
Later on , according to Wall , Chirac argued strongly that ' while Saddam Hussein could be overthrown , the subsequent consequences would be disastrous ' .
But the policy aide reveals : ' Tony Blair never paid any attention to what Chirac said ...
He 'd kind of come out rolling his eyes and say : " Oh dear , dear old Jacques , he does n't get it , does he ? " ...'
Blair and his press chief Campbell reportedly decided to place the blame for deadlock squarely on Chirac , following a breakdown of diplomatic efforts to get a second Security Council resolution that could have delayed an invasion .
' I recall the moment , ' Wall says in the documentary , ' because I happened to be in the corridor in Number 10 when he and Alastair Campbell were walking down the corridor and they decided effectively to play the anti-French card .
They 'd been given an opportunity to do so because President Chirac had given a broadcast interview the previous day in which he said that , as of that moment , France would veto a resolution authorising war . '
Wall says it was clear that Chirac had not ruled out the possibility of future French support for such a compromise .
This week 's second instalment in the series , titled ' A Man with a Mission ' , paints a picture of a Prime Minister convinced as a matter of personal faith that the Iraq war was right .
It also quotes Sir Jeremy Greenstock , British ambassador to the UN in the run-up to the war , as stating that Blair ' took his eye off the ball ' when it came to ensuring improvements in Iraq once the invasion was over .
Campbell does not appear on the programme , but another former Downing Street aide , Peter Hyman , offers a humorous take on the degree to which insiders felt growing pressure over the Blair - Bush ' special relationship ' .
Hyman recalls the Prime Minister asking Campbell for advice on how to begin a speech to the nation on the decision to go to war .
Campbell reportedly said : ' Do not start with " my fellow Americans " ? '
Blair , clearly unamused replied : ' Your sense of humour may get you in trouble one day . '
Israeli air strike did not hit nuclear facility , intelligence officials say Larisa Alexandrovna
Published : Monday September 24 , 2007
Print This Email This Attack said spawned from chemical weapons disaster Israel did not strike a nuclear weapons facility in Syria on Sept. 6 , instead striking a cache of North Korean missiles , current and former intelligence officials say .
American intelligence sources familiar with key events leading up to the Israeli air raid tell RAW STORY that what the Syrians actually had were North Korean No-Dong missiles , possibly located at a site in either the city of Musalmiya in the northern part of Syria or further south around the city of Hama .
While reports have alleged the US provided intelligence to Israel or that Israel shared their intelligence with the US , sources interviewed for this article believe that neither is accurate .
By most accounts of intelligence officials , both former and current , Israel and the US both were well aware of the activities of North Korea and Syria and their attempts to chemically weaponize the No - Dong missile ( above right ) .
It therefore remains unclear why an intricate story involving evidence of a Syrian nuclear weapons program and / or enriched uranium was put out to press organizations .
The North Korean missiles -- described as " legacy " by one source and " older generation " by another -- were not nuclear arms .
Vincent Cannistraro , Director of Intelligence Programs for the National Security Council under President Ronald Reagan and Chief of Operations at the Central Intelligence Agency's Counterterrorism Center under President George H. W. Bush , said Sunday that what the Israelis hit was " absolutely not a nuclear weapons facility . "
" Syria has a small nuclear research facility and has had it for several years , " Cannistraro said .
" It is not capable of enriching uranium to weapons capability levels .
Some Israelis speculated that the Syrians had succeeded in doing just that , but according to the US intelligence experts that is simply not true . "
But " Syria has a chemical weapons capability and has been trying to chemically weaponize war heads on their existing stocks of North Korean originated missiles , " Cannistraro added .
Israeli government and embassy officials are not commenting on the incident .
According to intelligence sources familiar with the events leading up to the raid , an explosion on July 20 at a Syrian facility near the city of Halab , in the Northern part of Syria , caused Israel 's retaliatory strike on Sept.
6 . They could not say what caused the delayed reaction .
Chemical warhead exploded at site North Korean scientists working with Syrian military and intelligence officials attempted to load a chemical warhead onto one of the North Korean missiles , likely the No-dong 1 model , according to intelligence current and former intelligence officers interviewed for this article .
The result was an explosion that killed a few of those present and , according to some official reports of the blast , as many as 50 civilians .
The SANA news agency described the blast at the time as " not the result of sabotage , " but an explosion resulting from " the combustion of sensitive , highly explosive material caused by extremely high temperatures . "
The No - Dong 1 missile is a redesigned SCUD-C , which the Syrians are alleged to have acquired in the mid-1990s according to some estimations , while others say perhaps as late as 2000 .
According to the Federation of American Scientists , the No-Dong has a potential range / payload capacity of 1,000- 1,300 km/700-1,000 kg.
Cannistraro believes that these missiles were No - Dong , but did not specify which class .
Others , however , named the No - Dong 1 model or described the missile in such a way as to indicate what could only be the No - Dong 1 model .
The chemical explosion is believed to have included a Sarin nerve agent and made the area around the blast dangerous even after the fire from the explosion had been extinguished .
This would make reconnaissance of the area difficult for foreign intelligence officers attempting to collect samples and data after the blast .
The United Nations Chemical Weapons Convention treaty of 1993 outlawed the stockpiling of Sarin , but neither Syria nor North Korea are signatories to the treaty .
Some believe that the Office of the Vice President is continuing to battle any attempts at diplomacy made by the US State Department in an effort to ensure no alternative but a military solution to destabilize and strike Iran , using Syria 's alleged nuclear weapons program and close relations with Iran as a possible pretext .
A Sept. 16 piece in the London Sunday Times alleged the attack proved Israel could penetrate Iran 's air defenses .
" By its actions , Israel showed it is not interested in waiting for diplomacy to work where nuclear weapons are at stake , " reporter Uzi Mahnaimi wrote .
" The Israelis proved they could penetrate the Syrian air defence [ sic ] system , which is stronger than the one protecting Iranian nuclear sites . "
( Check out our complete collection of 70 Works of Recycled Art and Design . )
Have you ever thought of recycling as a creative act ?
To recycle something does n’t necessarily mean just hauling used bottles , cans and cardboard to the curbside for pickup .
Some creative people , either out of need or personal interest have taken the notion of recycling to the next level , using products that would be melted or shredded as whole objects in the construction of creative new buildings .
Bottle walls sounds like something a quirky eccentric would construct just for fun .
In point of fact , the oldest surviving bottle house was constructed out of over 50,000 beer bottles in 1907 , due to the lack of lumber available in the deeserts of Nevada .
Though many bottle buildings are decades old , recent structures around the world have been built out of necessity in places where both building supplies are scarce and other recycling methods are unavailable .
The now - famous Texas beer can house , however , was indeed the result of one man ’s eccentricity .
What began as one man ’s bored urge in the 1960s resulted in a 2 - decade , 40,000 - can creation that truly is a strange wonder of the world .
John , the house ’s creator , is survived by his wife Mary , who still invites the public to come and see his amazing creation .
John was just an ordinary man who saved beer bottles for years , until he finally came up with a clever way to use them .
The latter two images above come via The Beer Can House dot Org .
A cardboard house may seem even more implausible than one constructed of beer cans .
With the right water - proofing , however , just such a house would be not only sustainable but also exceedingly affordable .
This so - called house of the future is designed with exterior waterproofing and water storage under the floor to protect it from the water and from blowing over in the wind .
Of course , cardboard is also a highly collapsible building material , making the shipment of the house also more environmentally friendly , efficient and inexpensive .
Tire houses are arguably more practical and ultimately realistic than cardboard buildings .
Used tires are abundant in our oil - driven world where vehicles are common and changing tires is a fact of life .
The thermal mass of a tire wall works well in summer or winter , mitigating the exterior and interior temperatures so the house is never too cold or too hot inside .
Construction can also be accomplished by the home owner with relative ease .
Straw bale houses also make use of a common and regularly sized material that is relatively available and inexpensive .
This regularity makes working with the building blocks relatively easy .
Many such houses , once they are completed and covered outside and in , do not even look to be made of straw .
Know of other architecture using creatively adapted recyclables ( such as shipping container architecture ) ?
Feel free to share in the comments below !
Comment I was asked if I , as a Mac user , would recommend one to a business user who is buying a personal machine for business use .
I am the proud owner of an iconic Mac PowerBook G4 , an eye - catching brushed metal effort that I purchased back in 2004 .
I have never owned a Mac desktop , being strictly Intel / Microsoft , but I travel enough using the Mac as a main machine to attempt some type of comparison .
It 's an interesting challenge to try and tease apart the lifestyle elements of the computer from the practical business issues , especially for a primary business machine , and I know there 's a lot of passion on both sides .
This is my personal view .
Today , of course , there 's a fairly straightforward option available if money is no object , because Apple has migrated to Intel processors .
You can run either the BootCamp public beta , the Apple utility that allows you to dual boot a system with OSX and Windows XP ; or a virtualisation product like Parallels which supports a range of operating systems , including OSX , Vista and " older " operating systems like XP , 2000 , NT and DOS .
You 'll obviously have to put up with the extra software license cost and either the moderate performance hit of the virtualisation solution , or the tedium of rebooting the system with BootCamp .
I ran a pricing exercise between a Dell laptop and the latest MacBook , both with the Intel Core 2 Duo processor , and as far as it's possible to tell they cost roughly the same for an equivalent load of software .
There 's really no comparison between the free iLife products that you get with a new Mac and the random mix of crippled and evaluation software that ships with the average PC .
These " cool " programs coupled with the excellent design and the Intel - powered performance are some of the key attractions of a Mac to someone spending their own money .
So what are the practical differences ?
There are some quirky issues , like the fact that I miss the right mouse click on the built in mouse pad , but it is available with any USB mouse .
The keyboard is different , making some key combinations harder to achieve , but you do get the F9 key that shows you every open window laid out on the desktop .
The two biggest differences are the availability of peripherals and range of software choice .
If you want to add anything to a Mac , like a TV card , or other peripheral , it can be hard to find one in your local PC World that supports Macs .
As more machines are sold , and with the switch to Intel processors , this may change , but for now it 's a real consideration .
The second is the sheer availability of software for a PC .
Whatever you want to do , you 're liable to be able to find a range of products to choose from for the PC , but in many categories you will be restricted to a choice of one for the Mac , and you may well have a job finding a place to buy it .
The strict control that Apple exercises over the OSX environment has benefits in that products tend to work very intuitively , but some would argue that this straightjacket reduces the choice of software .
My experience has been that I have spent close to zero time while on the road trying to fix compatibility and technical issues with my Mac , whereas it can be a regular issue with my desktop PC .
I use Outlook as my main work dashboard .
All the functionality is pretty much there in Entourage , the Mac Office equivalent program , although migrating a mailbox between a PC and a MAC is very difficult , unless you have an exchange server , which is able to move folders between the two .
It 's interesting that with all the talk of open file formats for office , the .PST folders of the PIM program remain a closed world , even to Microsoft 's own developers working on the MAC platform .
For the other Office for MAC applications , I do n't experience any compatibility issues exchanging files up to Office 2003 , however it 's not possible to open the new output from Office 2007 because there is no compatibility pack for the Mac version of office .
I had a bit of a hunt around and there 's one coming this year but the Mac office team had to wait until the PC Office folks Released To Manufacturing ( RTM ) before starting work , which really sums up Microsoft 's approach to supporting the Mac as a secondary platform - committed , but with no sense of urgency .
Microsoft 's free compatibility pack is a laudable step forward from the bad old days when a new release of office meant a new binary file format that forced a mass upgrade , but in the Mac 's case , no such upgrade is currently possible , so users must either run Windows and Office on their Mac to work with these files , or wait until the release of the free compatibility pack for Mac Office , slated for later this year .
As always , Mac versus PC is not a simple choice , having the iconic machines and wonderful lifestyle software is going to necessitate some compromises on functionality and performance , and for business use , the extra costs of a Windows XP license and office is going to be a necessity for any purchase for at least the next six months because of the compatibility issues with Office 2007 , and although the Apple / Microsoft deal has been renewed for another five years , leapfrogging compatibility issues may be a continual headache .
Copyright © 2007 , IT - Analysis.com
Thursday , 26 Jul , 2007 Science
New - Zealand researchers claim they have found one more reason for why some people are exposed to gain weight faster than others .
The study of the Oakland University researchers showed that while in the womb the fetus analyzes the amount of nutrient materials it is being supplied with to evaluate a possible environment it will be in after the birth .
Thus the fetus prematurely adapts itself to the future , and possible , conditions of life .
The research showed that if a mother supplied a small amount of nutrient materials , the child 's genetic memory would choose a scheme , which enabled the child 's metabolism to gain and retain weight .
However , after the birth , the environment often to have a sufficient supply in fat rich food , thus the child and , subsequently , the adult starts gaining extra weight without much effort .
The New - Zealand scientists have conducted a series of tests with female rats to establish this relation of fetus ' environment with the child 's environment .
The tests showed that the young rats of the underfed females were bound to obesity .
Yet if the mothers were introduced an element , called leptin , which gave a sense of saturation , the young rats were not bound to eating much and their weight was kept within acceptable boundaries .
Current researches are among the first to study effects of embryonic environment effects upon further development .
Powered by www.infoniac.com.
DULUTH , Minnesota – Jammie Thomas , a single mother of two , was found liable Thursday for copyright infringement in the nation 's first file - sharing case to go before a jury .
Twelve jurors here said the Minnesota woman must pay $ 9,250 for each of 24 shared songs that were the subject of the lawsuit , amounting to $ 222,000 in penalties .
They could have dinged her for up to $ 3.6 million in damages , or awarded as little as $ 18,000 .
She was found liable for infringing songs from bands such as Journey , Green Day , Aerosmith and others .
After the verdict was read , Thomas and her attorney left the courthouse without comment .
The jurors also declined to talk to reporters .
The verdict , coming after two days of testimony and about five hours of deliberations , was a mixed victory for the RIAA , which has brought more than 20,000 lawsuits in the last four years as part of its zero - tolerance policy against pirating .
The outcome is likely to embolden the RIAA , which began targeting individuals in lawsuits after concluding the legal system could not keep pace with the ever growing number of file - sharing sites and services .
" This is what can happen if you do n't settle , " RIAA attorney Richard Gabriel told reporters outside the courthouse .
" I think we have sent a message we are willing to go to trial . "
Still , it 's unlikely the RIAA 's courtroom victory will translate into a financial windfall or stop piracy , which the industry claims costs it billions in lost sales .
Despite the thousands of lawsuits – the majority of them settling while others have been dismissed or are pending – the RIAA 's litigation war on internet piracy has neither dented illegal , peer - to - peer file sharing or put much fear in the hearts of music swappers .
According to BigChampagne , an online measuring service , the number of peer - to - peer users unlawfully trading goods has nearly tripled since 2003 , when the RIAA began legal onslaught targeting individuals .
At the time , BigChampagne says , there were about 3.8 million file sharers trading over the internet at a given moment .
Now , the group has measured a record 9 million users trading at the same time .
Roughly 70 percent of trading involves digital music , according to BigChampagne .
The case , however , did set legal precedents favoring the industry .
In proving liability , the industry did not have to demonstrate that the defendant 's computer had a file - sharing program installed at the time that they inspected her hard drive .
And the RIAA did not have to show that the defendant was at the keyboard when RIAA investigators accessed Thomas ' share folder .
Also , the judge in the case ruled that jurors may find copyright infringement liability against somebody solely for sharing files on the internet .
The RIAA did not have to prove that others downloaded the files .
That was a big bone of contention that U.S. District Judge Michael Davis settled in favor of the industry .
Thomas , 30 , maintained that she was not the Kazaa user " Tereastarr , " whose files were detected by RIAA 's investigators .
Her attorney speculated to jurors that she could have been the victim of a spoof , cracker , zombie , drone and other attacks .
The jury found her liable after receiving evidence her internet protocol address and cable modem identifier were used to share some 1,700 files .
The hard drive linked to Kazaa on Feb. 21 , 2005 – the evening in question – did not become evidence in the case .
According to testimony , Thomas replaced her hard drive weeks after RIAA investigators accessed her share file and discovered 1,702 files .
The industry sued on just 24 of those files .
( Courtroom sketch : Wired News / Cate Whittemore )
The last two parts of this series have discussed how and why the Department of Energy and the Federal Energy Regulation Commission ( FERC ) may declare a “ geographic area ” as a national interest electric transmission corridor and how that designation enables the FERC to overrule local regulators and issue construction permits under a very broad set of circumstances .
Today ’s discussion goes into the law of rights - of - way , easements , and the exercising of eminent domain by utilities who have been granted federal transmission line construction permits .
Rights - of - Way , Easements , and Exercising Eminent Domain
If you live along open space or you have shared cable boxes in your yard , you ’re probably familiar with the concepts of “ rights - of - way ” and easements .
Rights - of - way grant specific entities or the public access across private property while easements give those entities the authority to do something specific on or with your property .
In the case of private property abutting open space , the right - of - way and easement might be for fence maintenance or to service buried utilities that run along the border .
In the case of a shared cable box , the right - of - way would be for the cable company to access and service their property ( the cable box ) .
Rights - of - way with respect to transmission lines are significantly more involved because the transmission lines take up a significant amount of land beneath and around them and because the presence of transmission lines imposes significant restrictions on what else that land can be used for .
According to the American Transmission Company ’s Easements and Right - of - Way page , rights - of - way can be 75 to 150 feet wide depending on the transmission line voltage and the height of the supporting towers .
Additionally , the presence of structures , trees , etc. are severely restricted for safety , reliability , and servicing reasons .
After all , you do n’t want trees shorting out the lines or servicing equipment breaking underground water lines .
For more information on both rights - of - way and easements , see also the Tennessee Valley Authority ’s FAQ on the subject .
So , what does the Energy Policy Act of 2005 ( the EPAct ) have to say about rights - of - way ?
A great deal , unfortunately for individuals and organizations who would like to prevent the federal government from overruling them with respect to transmission lines .
(1) In the case of a permit under subsection ( b ) for electric transmission facilities to be located on property other than property owned by the United States or a State , if the permit holder cannot acquire by contract , or is unable to agree with the owner of the property to the compensation to be paid for , the necessary right - of - way to construct or modify the transmission facilities , the permit holder may acquire the right - of - way by the exercise of the right of eminent domain in the district court of the United States for the district in which the property concerned is located , or in the appropriate court of the State in which the property is located .
(2) Any right - of - way acquired under paragraph ( 1 ) shall be used exclusively for the construction or modification of electric transmission facilities within a reasonable period of time after the acquisition .
(3) The practice and procedure in any action or proceeding under this subsection in the district court of the United States shall conform as nearly as practicable to the practice and procedure in a similar action or proceeding in the courts of the State in
which the property is located .
(4) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to authorize the use of eminent domain to acquire a right - of - way for any purpose other than the construction , modification , operation , or maintenance of electric transmission facilities and related facilities .
The right - of - way can not be used for any other purpose , and the right - of - way shall terminate upon the termination of the use for which
the right - of - way was acquired .
( f) COMPENSATION . – ( 1 ) Any right - of - way acquired pursuant to subsection ( e ) shall be considered a taking of private property for which just compensation is due .
(2) Just compensation shall be an amount equal to the fair market value ( including applicable severance damages ) of the property taken on the date of the exercise of eminent domain authority .
Basically , if a utility and property owner cannot agree to contractual terms for right - of - way and easement access to the owner ’s property for transmission line construction etc. , the utility may exercise eminent domain so long as the utility compensates the property owner fair market value and any banking or similar fees that might occur as a result of the loss of property .
In this case , it is difficult to argue that transmission lines do n’t qualify as a “ public use ” under the Fifth Amendment to the U.S. Constitution .
As such , the government is permitted to exercise eminent domain so long as the property owners are fairly compensated .
But how is it that private companies are being given the government function of the exercising of eminent domain ?
In 1954 , the Supreme Court ruled unanimously in Berman v. Parker that the Fifth Amendment permitted governments to take property for a public purpose , not just a public use .
The case was the Congress ’ authority over the District of Columbia and the goal of the District of Columbia Redevelopment Act of 1945 to redevelop “ slums ” and “ blighted areas ” within the District via the acquisition of property for redevelopment .
The following includes extensive excerpts from the opinion , written by Justice William O. Douglas :
The power of Congress over the District of Columbia includes all the legislative powers which a state may exercise over its affairs .
We deal , in other words , with what traditionally has been known as the police power … .
Subject to specific constitutional limitations , when the legislature has spoken , the public interest has been declared in terms well nigh conclusive .
In such cases , the legislature , not the judiciary , is the main guardian of the public needs to be served by social legislation … .
Public safety , public health , morality , peace and quiet , law and order — these are some of the more conspicuous examples of the traditional application of the police power to municipal affairs .
Yet they merely illustrate the scope of the power , and do not delimit it … .
The concept of the public welfare is broad and inclusive … .
In the present case , the Congress and its authorized agencies have made determinations that take into account a wide variety of values .
It is not for us to reappraise them … .
Once the object is within the authority of Congress , the means by which it will be attained is also for Congress to determine .
Here , one of the means chosen is the use of private enterprise for redevelopment of the area .
Appellants argue that this makes the project a taking from one businessman for the benefit of another businessman .
But the means of executing the project are for Congress , and Congress alone , to determine once the public purpose has been established .
The public end may be as well or better served through an agency of private enterprise than through a department of government — or so the Congress might conclude .
We cannot say that public ownership is the sole method of promoting the public purposes of community redevelopment projects …..
It is not for the courts to oversee the choice of the boundary line , nor to sit in review on the size of a particular project area .
Once the question of the public purpose has been decided , the amount and character of land to be taken for the project and the need for a particular tract to complete the integrated plan rests in the discretion of the legislative branch … .
The rights of these property owners are satisfied when they receive that just compensation which the Fifth Amendment exacts as the price of the taking .
( references to other court decisions removed for readability )
The Berman decision was revisited in the 2005 Kelo v. the City of New London decision , where the Court decided 5 - 4 that taking property for the purpose of selling it to another private entity for private redevelopment and greater tax revenue was permitted under the Constitution , although not necessarily under state or local laws .
In fact , the end of the majority decision , authored by Justice Stevens , states “ We emphasize that nothing in our opinion precludes any State from placing further restrictions on its exercise of the takings power . ”
I ’ve quoted broadly from the Berman decision and pointed out the Kelo decision to illustrate what guidelines the federal government uses when it exercises eminent domain .
As a federal entity , the FERC does not have to abide by local or state laws that restrict its authority to exercise eminent domain – the only restrictions on the FERC , and the utilities holding transmission line development permits , are those set out in the EPAct itself .
Because Congress has chosen to grant permit - holding utilities the right to exercise eminent domain on behalf of the government , the utilities must only act on the permit process “ within a reasonable period of time after the acquisition ” and cannot use the eminent domain powers “ … for any purpose other than the construction , modification , operation , or maintenance of electric transmission facilities and related facilities . ”
At least Congress was smart enough to have the rights - of - way and easements acquired by eminent domain revert back to the actual property owners in the event that the utility either did n’t use the right - of - way or if the transmission lines were removed at a later date , and the actual construction of the transmission lines must be completed “ in accordance with State law . ”
It ’s a small consolation , but it ’s still better than a sharp stick in the eye .
Previous :
The Designation of National Interest Electric Transmission Corridors
Construction Permitting in National Interest Electric Transmission Corridors
Next :
The Way Out – Regional Transmission Siting Agencies ; Conclusions
Ex -Pupil Wounds 11 in German School Shooting " I Loathe People "
An 18 - year - old gun freak wearing a suicide belt and armed with bombs , rifles and pistols stormed into his former school and opened fire on teachers and pupils , wounding 11 before killing himself .
He posted a farewell letter in the Internet calling himself a loser and saying : " I loathe people . "
It 's the latest twist in a presidential campaign full of surprises : Christian conservative leader Pat Robertson 's endorsement of Republican front - runner Rudy Giuliani .
The question now is whether his approval will make much difference .
Aides to the former New York mayor — who were also dealing last week with fallout from the indictment of Giuliani 's former police commissioner — said that last week 's endorsement proved Giuliani enjoys broad support and that even social conservatives would embrace him despite his liberal stands on abortion rights , gay rights , and gun control .
For his part , Robertson , the former presidential candidate who founded the once mighty Christian Coalition , said the main issue is n't Giuliani 's views on social policy but his perceived ability to stop the " bloodlust of Islamic terrorists . "
Robertson also said Giuliani would appoint conservative judges , reduce crime , and limit federal spending .
Says Randy Brinson , an evangelical leader : " I think people still respect him [ Robertson ] , but he does n't have the political sway he's had in the past , given some of the outlandish statements he 's made . "
Among those statements , in the wake of the 9/11 attacks , was his comment that God was " lifting his protection from us " because of grave moral lapses .
Like others who know Robertson , Brinson said the endorsement of Giuliani was a reflection of " who he thinks will win . "
But many Christian conservative voters , while they admire Giuliani 's toughness and his strength on the national - security issue , remain deeply distressed by his liberal views .
And many wo n't back him no matter what their leaders say , according to GOP pollsters and consultants .
Divided .
Further , those leaders are split .
Last week , Sen. Sam Brownback of Kansas , a prominent conservative on social issues and former presidential candidate , endorsed Sen. John McCain of Arizona .
Paul Weyrich , cofounder of the Moral Majority , supports former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney .
Christian conservative leader Gary Bauer , a former aide to Ronald Reagan and 2000 presidential candidate , backs former Sen. Fred Thompson of Tennessee .
Richard Land of the Southern Baptist Convention has said that he could not vote for Giuliani under any circumstances .
There is also the question of whether Robertson 's support will alienate moderates , whom Giuliani has been courting across the country .
Robertson is a polarizing figure for them , and Giuliani could be on dangerous ground if he appears to be cozying up .
This is the same problem McCain had when he courted the religious right and disappointed supporters who had admired his independence .
The GOP front - runner also got some bad news last week when Bernard Kerik , his former police commissioner in New York , was indicted on charges of tax evasion and corruption .
Kerik is pleading innocent , but Giuliani 's critics seized on the event , saying it was evidence of the former mayor 's bad judgment and his prizing of loyalty above all else .
They pointed out that even amid accusations that Kerik had acted unethically and possibly even illegally in the past , Giuliani recommended him to President Bush to take over the Department of Homeland Security in 2004 .
Kerik withdrew his name amid questions about allegedly shady activities .
Giuliani admitted he should have looked more closely into Kerik 's background and that he made other mistakes as mayor .
But he told ABC News as he campaigned in Ames , Iowa , that he made far more good decisions than bad ones .
" I must have been making the right decisions if the city of New York turned around , if crime went down by 60 percent , if homicide went down by 70 percent , " he said .
Allegations that the CIA held al - Qaida suspects for interrogation at a secret prison on sovereign British territory are to be investigated by MPs , the Guardian has learned .
The all - party foreign affairs committee is to examine long - standing suspicions that the agency has operated one of its so - called " black site " prisons on Diego Garcia , the British overseas territory in the Indian Ocean that is home to a large US military base .
Lawyers from Reprieve , a legal charity that represents a number of detainees at Guantánamo Bay , including several former British residents , are calling on the committee to question US and British officials about the allegations .
According to the organisation 's submission to the committee , the UK government is " potentially systematically complicit in the most serious crimes against humanity of disappearance , torture and prolonged incommunicado detention " .
Clive Stafford Smith , the charity 's legal director , said he was " absolutely and categorically certain " that prisoners have been held on the island .
" If the foreign affairs committee approaches this thoroughly , they will get to the bottom of it , " he said .
Andrew Tyrie , Tory MP for Chichester and a campaigner against the CIA 's use of detention without trial , has also urged the committee to investigate .
He said : " Time and time again the UK government has relied on US assurances on this issue , refusing to examine the truth of these allegations for themselves .
It is high time our government took its head out of the sand and looked into these allegations . "
Same response
A member of the foreign affairs committee said the committee would pursue the allegations as part of its inquiry into Britain 's overseas territories .
Although Diego Garcia is part of the British Indian Ocean Territory , it is unclear whether the British government knows whether the CIA has detained prisoners there or not .
UK officials are known to have questioned their American counterparts about the allegation several times over a period of more than three years , most recently last month .
Whenever MPs have attempted to press ministers in the Commons , they have met with the same response : that the US authorities " have repeatedly given us assurances " that no terrorism suspects have been held there .
The existence of the CIA 's black site prisons was acknowledged by President George Bush in September last year .
He said al - Qaida suspects or members of the Taliban who " withhold information that could save American lives " have been taken " to an environment where they can be held secretly , questioned by experts " .
Mr Bush did not disclose the location of any prison , but suspicion that one may have been located on Diego Garcia , some 1,000 miles off Sri Lanka 's southern coast , has been building for years .
The 2,000 islanders were expelled in the early 1970s after the British government struck a secret deal to lease the 37 - mile long island to the US for use as an air and naval base .
Any evidence uncovered by the foreign affairs committee pointing to the existence of a secret CIA prison on the island would be hugely embarrassing for ministers .
Barry McCaffrey , a retired four - star US general who is professor of international security studies at the West Point military academy , has twice spoken publicly about the use of Diego Garcia to detain suspects .
In May 2004 he said : " We 're probably holding around 3,000 people , you know , Bagram air field , Diego Garcia , Guantánamo , 16 camps throughout Iraq . "
In December last year he repeated the claim : " They 're behind bars ... we 've got them on Diego Garcia , in Bagram air field , in Guantánamo . "
MPs on the committee may inquire into a Gulfstream executive jet which has been linked by its registration number to several CIA prisoner operations - known as extraordinary renditions - and which flew from Washington to Diego Garcia , via Athens , on September 11 2002 , soon after the capture of Ramzi Binalshibh , a suspected planner of the September 11 attacks the previous year .
A prison of some sort is known to exist on Diego Garcia : in 1984 , a review by the US government 's general accounting office of construction work on the island reported that a " detention facility " had been completed the previous December .
British ministers have also disclosed that a building on the island was redesignated as a prison after the September 11 attacks .
' Confirmation '
Last June Dick Marty , a Swiss senator who investigated the CIA 's use of European territory and air space during prisoner operations , concluded in a report to the Council of Europe that prisoners had been held on the island .
Mr Marty , who later told the European parliament that he had received help from senior CIA officers , reported : " We have received concurring confirmations that United States agencies have used Diego Garcia , which is the international legal responsibility of the UK , in the ' processing ' of high - value detainees . "
One possibility which the foreign affairs committee may explore is that suspects have been held on a prison ship off the coast of Diego Garcia .
The UN special rapporteur on torture , Manfred Nowak , has said that he has heard from reliable sources that the US has held prisoners on ships in the Indian Ocean .
There have also been second - hand accounts from detainees at Guantánamo of prisoners being held on US naval vessels .
One detainee told a researcher from Reprieve : " One of my fellow prisoners in Guantánamo was at sea on an American ship with about 50 others before coming to Guantánamo .
He told me that there were about 50 other people on the ship ; they were all closed off in the bottom .
The people detained on the ship were beaten even more severely than in Guantánamo . "
At a glance
· Diego Garcia is a 37 - mile - long coral island surrounding a lagoon in the Indian Ocean , the largest such atoll in the Chagos archipelago .
Discovered by the Portuguese in the 16th century , it remained uninhabited until French coconut planters shipped in slave labour 200 years later .
· Ceded to Britain after the Napoleonic wars , the archipelago was a dependency of Mauritius until 1965 , when it was detached , later becoming the British Indian Ocean Territories , sovereign British territory .
· Over the next eight years the 2,000 inhabitants were forcibly removed , first to the Seychelles and then to Mauritius , where many remain economically marginalised .
The atoll was leased to the US military and it later emerged that Washington made a series of secret payments , including a reported £ 14 m discount on the Polaris nuclear missile system .
· A 50 - strong group of UK military personnel act as customs officers , police and wildlife guardians , and their commanding officer is coroner .
But this group is dwarfed by around 3,200 Americans .
· The Chagos islanders won a battle in their campaign to return when the appeal court ruled last May that the right to go home was " one of the most fundamental liberties known to human beings " .
· This article was amended on Friday October 19 2007 .
The merger may form one of the biggest galaxies in the Universe
Enlarge Image
A US team of astronomers observed the four - way cosmic smash - up using Nasa 's Spitzer and Chandra space telescopes along with ground - based observatories .
The clashing galaxies are expected to eventually merge into a single , behemoth galaxy up to 10 times as massive as our own Milky Way .
Details of the research appear in Astrophysical Journal Letters .
The rare observation offers an unprecedented look at how the most massive galaxies in the Universe are formed .
When this merger finishes , the giant galaxy left at the end will be one of the biggest ones in the Universe
Kenneth Rines , Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics
Astronomers have also observed " major " mergers among pairs of galaxies that are similar in size .
But , until now , no major mergers between multiple large galaxies have been seen .
" It 's the first one that I know about .
So far , nobody has written to me to say they 've found another four - way merger , " said co-author Kenneth Rines , of the Harvard - Smithsonian Center for Astrophysics , in Cambridge , US .
Plume of stars
Dr Rines likened the collision to " four sand trucks smashing together , flinging sand everywhere " .
The new quadruple merger was discovered serendipitously during a survey of massive galaxy clusters consisting of tens to hundreds of galaxies .
The Spitzer Space Telescope spotted an unusually large fan - shaped plume of light emerging from a gathering of four elliptical galaxies in the cluster CL0958+4702 , which is located nearly five billion light - years from Earth .
" The galaxies that live in the middle of clusters like this are the biggest galaxies anywhere in the Universe , " Dr Rines told the BBC News website .
Nasa 's Spitzer infrared telescope
More details
All the galaxies in the merger are categorised as large ; three are about the size of our own Milky Way , while the biggest one is about three times the size .
Analysis of the plume coming from the merger revealed it was made up of billions of stars flung out and abandoned in the ongoing clash .
About half of the stars in the plume will later fall back into the galaxies .
" It seems as if there are several galaxies - worth of stars being thrown out by this collision , " said the Cambridge - based astronomer .
" There are more stars in that plume than there are in the Milky Way .
So an incredible amount of material is being tossed out . "
Missing gas
The stars studied so far from the merger all appear to have formed within the first three billion years after the Big Bang .
The quadruple merger itself took place some nine billion years after the Big Bang .
The observation that large galaxies contained many old stars used to be problematic for a popular theory of galaxy assembly - the hiearchical model .
The plume contains billions of stars flung out in the merger
Enlarge Image
One way to resolve the problem is through the idea of gas - rich and gas - poor mergers .
In gas - rich mergers , the galaxies are soaked with gas that ignites to form new stars .
But in gas - poor mergers , no new stars are formed .
Gas - poor mergers , then , were one way that large galaxies might merge without accompanying star formation .
Indeed , the Spitzer observations demonstrate that gas is a missing component in the new quadruple merger , perhaps explaining why only old stars have been found .
In addition to Spitzer , the team used Nasa 's Chandra X-ray Observatory to weigh the mass of the giant cluster of galaxies in which the merger was discovered .
Two ground - based observatories were also used in the study : the MMT and WIYN observatories , both of which are based in Tucson , Arizona .
The July vote on the measure now appears to have been the closest Democrats will have come to bipartisan agreement on legislation that would force President Bush to change his war strategy .
And with Republicans now solidly behind the plan outlined by Mr. Bush and Gen. David H. Petraeus , the commander in Iraq , Democrats have retreated to a firm antiwar stance .
They are no longer entertaining the kind of compromise measures that some Democrats had proposed earlier this month as an attempt to attract Republican defectors and said they would instead seek opportunities to force votes that would more starkly contrast Republican support for the president with Democrats ’ demands for withdrawal .
“ The Republican leadership and the White House is getting them all to march in line , ” said Senator Charles E. Schumer , of New York , who ranks third in the party leadership .
“ But it is marching further and further away from where America is .
We just keep at it .
It ’s all we can do . ”
Democratic strategists and party officials said Senator Harry Reid of Nevada , the majority leader , and his colleagues decided to stop trying to strike a deal with Republicans after they found little interest on the other side and could not settle on a plan that would appeal to Republicans but was tough enough to hold Democrats together .
Jim Manley , a spokesman for Mr. Reid , said the majority leader was rebuffed repeatedly in his efforts to find consensus with the Republicans .
“ It became evident that Republicans were not willing to break with the president , ” he said .
After the Webb proposal was defeated , Republicans failed to get 60 votes for a nonbinding resolution that said American troops should get as much respite time as possible before redeployment .
On Thursday and Friday , the Senate is expected to vote on several other war proposals by the Democrats , including one by Senator Russell D. Feingold , Democrat of Wisconsin , would require most American troops to be pulled out of Iraq by next June and would then cut financing for continuing military operations .
Another proposal by Senator Carl Levin of Michigan , the Democratic chairman of the Armed Services Committee , would require a shift of American troops away from combat by next summer .
Neither has much chance of winning 60 votes .
Qatar 's state investment fund is close to buying Nasdaq 's 31 % stake in the London Stock Exchange Group , newspaper reports said on Sunday .
U.S. exchange Nasdaq has put its LSE stake on the market to boost its chances of buying Nordic exchange operator OMX .
The Sunday Times of London said the Qatar Investment Authority 's 2.8 billion pound ( US $ 5.62 billion ) bid is equivalent to a 1,400 pence per share .
LSE shares closed at 1,397 pence on Friday .
The Wall Street Journal reported that the fund was close to buying the stake , but said it was n't clear how much it was offering .
The stake will be diluted to 22 % of the LSE after the LSE completes its acquisition of Milan exchange group Borsa Italiana , the Wall Street Journal said .
Qatar , for now , is n't looking to buy all of LSE , the WSJ reported , citing a person familiar with the matter .
The paper added that the Qatar fund may not make the purchase alone .
It has held talks with other Middle Eastern investment funds about taking a junior role , although those talks have n't concluded and may not come to anything , the paper said .
If such a deal succeeds , it would be the latest investment from the Middle East in the UK .
State - owned Qatar Investment Authority has offered to buy British supermarkets chain J. Sainsbury while State - owned Dubai Ports World bought UK - based port operator P&O .
No one was available for comment at the LSE , Nasdaq or the Qatar Investment Department .
( Brain Fit­ness does­ n’t require the use of expen­sive equip­ment .
Your brain is enough .
Today , as part of our research for The Sharp­Brains Guide to Brain Fit­ness , we are hon­ored to inter­view Dr. Judith Beck on how cog­ni­tive tech­niques can be applied to improve our health and our lives )
Dr. Judith Beck is the Direc­tor of the Beck Insti­tute for Cog­ni­tive Ther­a­py and Research , Clin­i­cal Asso­ciate Pro­fes­sor of Psy­chol­o­gy in Psy­chi­a­try at the Uni­ver­si­ty of Penn­syl­va­nia , and author of Cog­ni­tive Ther­a­py : Basics and Beyond .
Her most recent book is The Beck Diet Solu­tion : Train Your Brain to Think Like a Thin Per­son .
Dr. Beck , thanks for your time .
What does the Beck Insti­tute do ?
We have 3 main activ­i­ties .
One , we train prac­ti­tion­ers and researchers through a vari­ety of train­ing pro­grams .
Two , we pro­vide clin­i­cal care .
Three , we are involved in research on cog­ni­tive ther­a­py .
Please explain cog­ni­tive ther­a­py in a few sen­tences
Cog­ni­tive ther­a­py , as devel­oped by my father Aaron Beck , is a com­pre­hen­sive sys­tem of psy­chother­a­py , based on the idea that the way peo­ple per­ceive their expe­ri­ence influ­ences their emo­tion­al , behav­ioral , and phys­i­o­log­i­cal respons­es .
Part of what we do is to help peo­ple solve the prob­lems they are fac­ing today .
We also teach them cog­ni­tive and behav­ioral skills to mod­i­fy their dys­func­tion­al think­ing and actions .
I under­stand that cog­ni­tive ther­a­py has been test­ed for many years in a vari­ety of clin­i­cal appli­ca­tions .
What moti­vat­ed you to bring those tech­niques to the weight - loss field by writ­ing The Beck Diet Solu­tion ?
Since the begin­ning , I have pri­mar­i­ly treat­ed psy­chi­atric out­pa­tients with a vari­ety of diag­noses , espe­cial­ly depres­sion and anx­i­ety .
Some patients expressed weight loss as a sec­ondary goal in treat­ment .
I found that many of the same cog­ni­tive and behav­ioral tech­niques that helped them over­come their oth­er prob­lems could also help them to lose weight ‚ and to keep it off .
I became par­tic­u­lar­ly inter­est­ed in the prob­lem of over­weight and was able to iden­ti­fy spe­cif­ic mind­sets or cog­ni­tions about food , eat­ing , hunger , crav­ing , per­fec­tion­ism , help­less­ness , self - image , unfair­ness , depri­va­tion , and oth­ers , that need­ed to be tar­get­ed to help them reach their goal .
What research results back your find­ing that those tech­niques help ?
Prob­a­bly the best pub­lished study so far is the ran­dom­ized con­trolled study by Karolin­s­ka Insti­tute‚ ¬ Stahre and Hal­strom ( 2005 , ref­er­ence below ) .
The results were strik­ing : near­ly all 65 patients com­plet­ed the pro­gram and this short - term inter­ven­tion ( 10 - week , 30 - hours ) showed sig­nif­i­cant long - term weight reduc­tion , even larg­er ( when com­pared to the 40 indi­vid­u­als in the con­trol group ) after 18 months than right after the 10 - weeks pro­gram .
That sounds impres­sive .
Can you explain what makes this approach so effec­tive ?
A unique fea­ture is that the book does­n ’t‚- offer a diet but does pro­vide tools to devel­op the mind­set that is required for sus­tain­able suc­cess , for mod­i­fy­ing sab­o­tag­ing thoughts and behav­iors that typ­i­cal­ly fol­low people‚¬its ini­tial good inten­tions .
I help dieters acquire new skills .
We have sold over 70,000 books so far , and are plan­ning to release a com­pan­ion work­book this month to fur­ther help read­ers imple­ment the 6 ‑week pro­gram and track progress .
So , in a sense , we could say that your book is com­ple­men­tary to all oth­er diet books .
Exactly ‚¬it will help read­ers at set­ting and reach­ing their long - term goals , assum­ing that the diet is healthy , nutri­tious , and well - bal­anced .
The main mes­sage of cog­ni­tive ther­a­py over­all , and its appli­ca­tion in the diet world , is straight - for­ward : prob­lems los­ing weight are not one‚¬ fault .
Prob­lems sim­ply reflect lack of skills–skills that can be acquired and mas­tered through prac­tice .
Dieters who read the book or work­book learn a new cog­ni­tive or behav­ioral skill every day for six weeks .
They prac­tice some skills just once ; they auto­mat­i­cal­ly incor­po­rate oth­ers for their life­time .
What are the cog­ni­tive and emo­tion­al skills and habits that dieters need to train , and where your book helps ?
Great ques­tion .
That is exact­ly my goal : to show how every­one can learn some crit­i­cal skills .
The key ones are :
1 ) How to moti­vate one­self .
The first task that dieters do is to write a list of the 15 of 20 rea­sons why they want to lose weight and read that list every sin­gle day .
2 ) Plan in advance and self - mon­i­tor behav­ior .
A typ­i­cal rea­son for diet fail­ure is a strong pref­er­ence for spon­tane­ity .
I ask peo­ple to pre­pare a plan and then I teach them the skills to stick to it .
3 ) Over­come sab­o­tag­ing thoughts .
Dieters have hun­dreds and hun­dreds of thoughts that lead them to engage in unhelp­ful eat­ing behav­ior .
I have dieters read cards that remind them of key points , e.g. , that it is n’t¬ worth the few moments of plea­sure they all get from eat­ing some­thing they had­ n’t planned and that they ’ll feel bad­ly after­wards ; that they ca n’t eat what­ev­er they want , when­ev­er they want , in what­ev­er quan­ti­ty they want , and still be thin­ner ; that the scale is not sup­posed to go down every sin­gle day ; that they deserve cred­it for each help­ful eat­ing behav­ior they engage in , to name just a few .
4 ) Tol­er­ate hunger and crav­ing .
Over­weight peo­ple often con­fuse the two .
You expe­ri­ence hunger when your stom­ach feels emp­ty .
Crav­ing is an urge to eat , usu­al­ly expe­ri­enced in the mouth or throat , even if your stom­ach is full .
When do peo­ple expe­ri­ence crav­ings ?
Trig­gers can be envi­ron­men­tal ( see­ing or smelling food ) , bio­log­i­cal ( hor­mon­al changes ) , social ( being with oth­ers who are eat­ing ) , men­tal ( think­ing about or imag­in­ing tempt­ing food ) , or emo­tion­al ( want­i­ng to soothe your­self when you are upset ) .
The trig­ger itself is less impor­tant than what you do about it .
Dieters need to learn exact­ly what to say to them­selves and what to do when they have crav­ings so they can wait until their next planned meal or snack .
How can peo­ple learn that they do n’t have to eat in response to hunger or crav­ing ?
I ask dieters , once they get med­ical clear­ance , to skip lunch one day , not eat­ing between break­fast and din­ner .
Just doing this exer­cise once proves to dieters that hunger is nev­er an emer­gency , that it is tol­er­a­ble , that it does­ n’t keep get­ting worse , but instead , comes and goes , and that they do n’t need to “ fix ” their usu­al­ly mild dis­com­fort by eat­ing .
It helps them lose their fear of hunger .
They also learn alter­na­tive actions to help them change their focus of atten­tion .
Feel hun­gry ?
Well , try call­ing a friend , tak­ing a walk , play­ing a com­put­er game , doing some email , read­ing a diet book , surf­ing the net , brush­ing your teeth , doing a puz­zle .
My ulti­mate goal is to train the dieter to resist temp­ta­tions by firm­ly say­ing “ No choice ” , to them­selves , then nat­u­ral­ly turn­ing their atten­tion back to what they had been doing or engag­ing in what­ev­er activ­i­ty comes next .
You said ear­li­er that some crav­ings fol­low an emo­tion­al reac­tion to stress­ful sit­u­a­tions .
Can you elab­o­rate on that , and explain how cog­ni­tive tech­niques help ?
In the short term , the most effec­tive way is to iden­ti­fy the prob­lem and try to solve it .
If there is noth­ing you can do at the moment , call a friend , do deep breath­ing or relax­ation exer­cis­es , take a walk to clear your mind , or dis­tract your­self in anoth­er way .
Read a card that reminds you that you all cer­tain­ly not be able to lose weight or keep it off if you con­stant­ly turn to food to com­fort your­self when you are upset .
Peo­ple with­out weight prob­lems gen­er­al­ly do n’t turn to food when they are upset .
Dieters can learn to do oth­er things , too .
And in the long term , I encour­age peo­ple to exam­ine and change their under­ly­ing beliefs and inter­nal rules .
Many peo­ple , for exam­ple , want to do every­thing ( and expect oth­ers to do every­thing ) in a per­fect way 100 % of the time , and that is sim­ply impos­si­ble .
This kind of think­ing leads to stress .
The title of the book includes a train your brain promise .
Can you tell us a bit about the grow­ing lit­er­a­ture that ana­lyzes the neu­ro­bi­o­log­i­cal impact of cog­ni­tive ther­a­py ?
Yes , that is a very excit­ing area .
For years , we could only mea­sure the impact of cog­ni­tive ther­a­py based on psy­cho­log­i­cal assess­ments .
Today , thanks to fMRI and oth­er neu­roimag­ing tech­niques , we are start­ing to under­stand the impact our actions can have on spe­cif­ic parts of the brain .
For exam­ple , take spi­der pho­bia .
In a 2003 paper ( Note : ref­er­ence below ) sci­en­tists observed how , pri­or to the ther­a­py , the fear induced by view­ing film clips depict­ing spi­ders was cor­re­lat­ed with sig­nif­i­cant a acti­va­tion of spe­cif­ic brain areas , like the amyg­dala ( Edi­tor note : pics added for illus­tra­tion .
On the left , the yel­low cir­cle shows the loca­tion of the amyg­dala .
On the right , the red col­or indi­cates the lev­el of acti­va­tion of the amyg­dala , the “ fear cen­ter of the brain ” ) .
After the inter­ven­tion was com­plete ( one three - hour group ses­sion per week , for four weeks ) , view­ing the same spi­der films did not pro­voke acti­va­tion of those areas .
Those indi­vid­u­als were able to “ train their brains and man­aged to reduce the brain response that typ­i­cal­ly trig­gers auto­mat­ic stress respons­es .
And we are talk­ing about adults .
Dr. Beck , that is exact­ly what we find most excit­ing about this emerg­ing field of neu­ro­plas­tic­i­ty : the aware­ness that we can improve our lives by refin­ing , “ train­ing ” our brains , and the grow­ing research behind a num­ber of tools such as cog­ni­tive ther­a­py .
Thanks a lot for shar­ing your thoughts with us .
My plea­sure .
— — — — — — ——
–
Research Papers men­tioned
Stahre L , Hll­strm T. ( 2005 ) .
“ A short - term cog­ni­tive group treat­ment pro­gram gives sub­stan­tial weight reduc­tion up to 18 months from the end of treat­ment .
A ran­dom­ized con­trolled tri­al ” Eat­ing and Weight Dis­or­ders .
2005 Mar;10 ( 1):51 –8 .
Paque­tte , V. , Levesque , J. , Men­sour , B. , Ler­oux , J. M. , Beau­doin , G. , Bour­gouin , P. , et al. ( 2003 ) .
Effects of cog­ni­tive - behav­ioral ther­a­py on the neur­al cor­re­lates of spi­der pho­bia .
Neu­roim­age , 18 , 401–409 .
QR Code Link to This Post
1 . Angry , self - righteous female customer :
You placed your order Sunday night .
By Monday morning , you were emailing me IN GIANT RED ANGRY LETTERS that you had not received an email telling you that your order had shipped .
I politely emailed you back within minutes stating that orders take about 4 business days to ship out ( remember that little button you had to click on that said you read and understood ALL our policies BEFORE you were able to place your order ?
Well , that little gem was in there ! ) .
You emailed me again less than 45 minutes later stating in GIANT BOLD RED FONTS that you will report my website to the BBB if I did n't send your order out immediately ... hmm , the only way I know to get something right away is to get on the bus / subway / in a cab , high tail it to the adult store of your choice and purchase said items in person .
After your 5th email that day screaming / demanding / threatening , to ship your items or else , I finally told you to take a flying leap off a short bridge and I refunded your money ( all $ 17.99 of it ! ) .
The customer is NOT always right ..often times she is a total bitch !
2 . Weirdo who always bought the same dildo , then cancelled his order 15 minutes later :
To respond to your query : NO I do n't know if this is a ' good cock ' ..
Even if I bought this particular item for myself , I certainly would n't tell a complete stranger my opinion of it !
After you fifth purchase of this item in less than a month , I finally banned your sorry ass from buying anything at my store again .
Every time i have to refund your money , I lose money myself !
My credit card processor take 5 % that I will never see again !
You were a man buying a particularly LARGE ( John Holmes ) dildo ... this does n't mean that you are gay or anything and frankly I do n't care on way or the other .. but from the desperate , seeking emails you sent me and the number of times you asked for a refund , I am guessing that you could n't come to grips with whatever angst you were feeling at the times you thought 10 inches of Ultra - Skin would feel REALLY good in your ass .
3 .
Woman who bought about $ 650 worth of stuff at Xmas , then emails me 6 months later claiming that she only got about half of her order :
Sorry , but most normal people would let me know within a couple weeks of getting a tracking number that most of your order did n't show up .
Oh , BTW , you had the WHOLE THING sent to one address , so please do n't lie to me and tell me that over half of the people ' you had it shipped to ' did n't get their items ... how freaking stupid do you think I am ?
I am the only one running this company , so when you tell me to ' ask my shipping department what happened " , I do n't have to walk far to make that query .
4 . Strange customers who keep ' reviewing ' the John Holmes cock ( that is ONE popular item ) .... I do n't need you posting the same review 500 times !
Holy crap , I get it !
You LIKE this dick ..... 5 . People who have AOL or Yahoo accounts ... WE STATE on our front page and BEFORE you place the order that you MUST add us to your address book on your email account to get your confirming email .
For some reason we often can't get through to you .
PLEASE do n't email us threatening to call the BBB because you did n't get an email confirming your purchase of the Badunkadunk Booty " Do - it - in - the - Butt " RealSkin fake vagina / ass combo .
We WANT to get that email to you !
Trust me , you do n't want to have to explain to the BBB or your credit card company why you are complaining / doing a charge - back for a $ 225 item that an elephant could easily have relations with .
6 . Creepy guy that offered to exchange ' web services ' for adult products :
You wanted the Kobe Tai Ultra Realistic Ass and Pussy in exchange for helping me ' get my website out there . " ... Well , I 'm guessing it 's already out there since I get about $ 3000 worth of business a month - not to mention YOU found it so I can't be too far gone in cyber space that no one can hear me scream .
I would REALLY feel a little weird setting up a relationship with you based on the knowledge that our first ' exchange ' of funds was a phony pussy .
It just would creep me out every time I talked to you to know that you were banging that fake vagina .
Ick !!!
Introduction
In the Real World
Losing is Good
If you code is correct if some section is removed , remove the
section .
Strings
Immutable strings referenced by untyped names require completely
different semantics than typed languages or those with mutable strings .
Connecting only two strings ?
Concatenation with the + operator is alright .
Connecting more than two strings ?
Use ''.join(iterable_of_strings ) , because Python can't optimize a chain of + on strings , as it does not know they are strings due to untyped names .
Are you using an empty string format , such as " %d " or " %r " ?
Then you are wastefully formatting where a simple call suffices , such as int(s ) and repr(s ) , respectively .
Are you using a regular expression where the split , strip , or replace methods would suffice ?
Then do not use the regular expression .
Dictionaries
Type less .
enemy .
health is better than enemy [ " health " ]
enemy = Enemy ( 100 , 50 , 30 ) is better than enemy = { " health " : 100 , " attack " : 50 , " defense " : 30}
enemy .
health is better than enemy [ " health " ] enemy = Enemy ( 100 , 50 , 30 ) is better than enemy = { " health " : 100 , " attack " : 50 , " defense " : 30 } Add methods , now or later .
enemy.hit( player ) is better than hit ( enemy , player )
enemy.hit( player ) is better than hit ( enemy , player )
Default values , lazy computed values , and deprecation of values is not possible in a dictionary .
Time is Your Teacher
Veterans and novices alike of Python will hear the term " pythonic " thrown around , and even a number of the veterans do n't know what it means .
There are times I do not know what it means , but that does n't mean I can define a pretty good idea of what " pythonic " really means .
Now , it has been defined at times as being whatever the BDFL decides , but we 'll pull that out of the picture .
I want to talk about what the word means for us today , and how it applied to what we do in the real world .
Languages have their strengths and their idioms ( ways of doing things ) , and when you exploit those you embrace the heart of that language .
You can often tell when a programmer writing in one language is actually more comfortable with another , because the code they right is telltale of the other language .
Java developers are notorious for writing Java in every language they get their hands on .
How can you write one language in another ?
The answer to that is exactly the opposite to understanding what a term like " pythonic " means .
A programmer coming to Python from C might write everything in functions , and avoid classes , while a programmer coming from Java might refuse to ever use a function and often wants to create a separate module for .
These are the telltale influences of their comfort languages on their Python coding .
The situation can occure between any migration between languages .
Their following of those languages ' idioms when they are writing Python is incorrect , but when writing those languages , it is embracing the language .
Doing the same in Python , itself , is Pythonic .
You will not truly understand " pythonic " without seeing it and experiencing it in the real world .
You 'll know you understand it when you can reliably identify what ispythonic .
However , we can speed up your time to making those judgement calls through examples and talking about what makes them the way they are .
New comers to the language are often nervous about dynamic typing .
Most do n't really understand what it means , or why it can be a good thing .
The most common new comer thoughts about dynamic typing is that you can assign any type of value to any variable .
They like to think of them as void * in C , which is a large mistake .
Variables do not change type in Python .
Instead , names have no type association at all and the objects they point to ( reference ) describe their own types .
The nervousness and misunderstanding of dynamic typing leads to over - zealous employment of the isinstance ( ) and type ( ) as type checking facilities , even when the code is absolutely , perfectly valid without it .
I think the best example of this has to be the dangerous desire to add , for example , isinstance ( x , list ) at the beginning of a function that expects an argument x to be a list .
The programmer thinks safety has been added , by blocking the function from being called with anything not expected .
What was accomplished is making the function slower , more brittle , and less pythonic .
No longer can the function type a tuple , the keys of a dictionary , a generator , or an xrange object .
New comers are not always aware of those things , or of how its so valuable to use them all interchangeably when the interface you need for each is the same subset : iteration .
There are other cases where removing something actually gives you something .
Make functions smaller , combine functions that do the same things and are named differently , and turn a class into a function where it does not add any properties or methods , such as a case where all the logic is in the __init__ method .
If you are having trouble catching an exception you do n't know what to do with , do n't catch it at all and let your caller deal with it .
One of the best feelings you can get is cutting the lines of code in half , while simultaneously making the code gain new features and more speed .
Although the string may be the most common kind of data in a programming language , next to the integer , how they are handled between languages varies as wildly as David Hasslehoff 's popularity between the States and Germany .
A great many constructs with strings are good in one language and absolutely terrible in another .
Some times the difference is only visual , and other times it has to do with the very nature of what a string is from language to language .
String concatenation , understanding of when to use string formatting , and grasping how string manipulations work are sometimes barriers faced by anyone not familiar with Python .
I think we can break down the situation into a small set of rules to live by .
You 'll find dictionaries to be one of the most flexible and powerful concepts in Python .
Much of the infrastructure of the language is actually built on top of them .
We need to cover when you should use a dictionary and when you should not .
A common error of those new to Python and languages with proper hash tables is to really over use when they are applied directly .
People from C draw an obvious connection between a dictionary and a struct , and it makes sense .
However , the connection only lasts for as long as its not applied as widespread as a struct is in C code .
Dictionaries as general data structures are actually a very non-pythonic thing to do , despite the pythonic nature of dictionaries themselves .
Python provides a rich , featureful object and class system , so abusing dictionaries is only lessening what power you have at your finger tips .
Nothing is going to teach you how to understand the real meaning of " pythonic " without experience and a lot of exposure to all kinds of Python code .
Your best measure of your understanding of the concept is surely how well you can spot that code which ispythonic , rather than that code which is .
Code will begin to smell bad , and code smell is one of your most powerful tools as a developer , and one of the only tools , which can not be taught .
Patience is your key .
From this week 's Barron's
Apart from the anguishing , inexorable rise in the casualty toll , the cost of our engagement has been mounting remorselessly and , by year 's end , cumulatively may well reach three - quarters of a trillion dollars .
Ironically , but not surprisingly , as David Rosenberg of Merrill Lynch recently observed , the enormous expenditures necessary have acted as a significant stimulus to the economy .
But the bill , as it were , for the whole messy business has merely been deferred .
The uncalculated but obviously humongous price , in economic drag and budgetary strains , will have to be paid , most likely , of course , on the next president 's watch .
Tips , tutorials , exercises and inspiration from the fields of visual art , writing , photography , blogging , design and invention .
Next time you ’re stuck for ideas or inspiration I hope you ’ll find something here to get your right brain firing .
A tip : sometimes the best sources of inspiration often lie far outside your own creative field .
1. 7 Can’t -Miss Ways to Kick - Start The Writing Habit
Write nothing but headlines .
Write crap without feeling guilty .
Schedule and show up .
Write about problem solving .
Edit older articles .
Type out other people ’s articles .
Add your tip .
[ Tips : Writing ]
2. The Wisdom of Thomas Edison
“ I have more respect for the fellow with a single idea who gets there than for the fellow with a thousand ideas who does nothing . ”
[ Inspiration : Quotes ]
3. Web Urbanist
Urban Culture , guerilla communication and street art images .
[ Inspiration : Art & Culture ]
4. 100 Blog Topics I Hope YOU Write
Chris Brogan ’s challenge to bloggers should be fuel for dozens of innovative post ideas .
[ Ideas : Blogging ]
5. Stencil Revolution
Thousands of innovative stencil artworks , from on and off the street .
[ Inspiration : Art ]
6. How to Survive Creative Burn- out
“ But the day it hits you , the world seems suddenly grey .
What was once fun and challenging feel stupid and annoying .
Or perhaps the things that used to motivate or move you do n’t resonate at all .
You feel nothing for them .
It all just seems like so much more crap to deal with .
If this sounds familiar , or you fear that this day is in your future , this essay is for you . ”
[ Tips : Creativity ]
7. Dreaming the Industrial Body
“ In the early 20th century , Fritz Kahn produced a succession of books on the inner workings of the human body , using visual metaphors drawn from industrial society — assembly lines , internal combustion engines , refineries , dynamos , telephones , etc . ” [ Inspiration : Art ]
8. Complete Your First Book With These 9 Simple Writing Habits
Writing time .
Simple tools .
Writing log .
Idea time .
Capture ideas .
Just start .
Write when inspired .
Revise .
Book bible .
[ Tips : Writing ]
9. 15 Design Decisions That Annoy Readers
Sometimes we learn more about what we should do by reading about what we should always avoid .
[ Tips : Design ]
10 . Seth Godin on Big Ideas
“ History is littered with inventors who had “ great ” ideas but kept them quiet and then poorly executed them .
And history is lit up with do - ers who took ideas that were floating around in the ether and actually made something happen .
In fact , just about every successful venture is based on an unoriginal idea , beautifully executed . ”
[ Inspiration : Creativity ]
11 . Cory Doctorow on Giving It Away
Doctorow is a sci - fi writer who made his fortune by giving away the fruits of his best ideas .
This article might just change the way you think about exchanging creative works for money .
[ Inspiration : Creativity & Money ]
12 . Pingnews Collections @ Flickr
A massive selection of public domain historical photography from around the world .
[ Inspiration : Photography ]
13 . A Brief Message
Pithy thoughts and theories on design and innovation in sub -200 words .
The design of the site is ever - changing .
[ Inspiration : Design ]
14 . Timothy Ferriss on Doing The Impossible
“ The key to finding means to accomplish the “ impossible ” is asking the right question : “ How would you do ____ for a week if your life depended on it ? ”
Most things considered impossible just have n’t been looked at through the “ how ” lens of lateral thinking . ”
[ Tips : Innovation ]
15 . Battling Blogger ’s Block
“ It ’s all very well and good to join a conversation – but look for the gaps in conversations also and you might just find yourself starting a whole new line of thought . ”
[ Tips : Blogging ]
16 . 100 Websites You Should Know and Use
TEDBlog promises to provide ideas worth spreading , and this list delivers .
100 innovative websites in the knowledge , arts , e-commerce , search and resource fields : some you will know , others you wo n’t .
[ Inspiration : Web ]
17 . How to Write a Book : The Short Honest Truth
“ Writing a good book , compared to a bad one , involves one thing .
Work .
No one wants to hear this , but if you take two books off any shelf , I ’ll bet my pants the author of the better book worked harder than the author of the other one . ”
[ Tips : Writing ]
18 . Language is a Virus
Helping you cure writer ’s block with generators , exercises , visuals , brainstorming and names you can pilfer .
19 .
“ Where do you get your ideas ? ”
“ Frankly , I have trouble just understanding the question — how can you not get ideas ? ” — Lawrence Watt - Evans [ Tips : Ideas ]
20 . The World Without Us by Alan Weisman
This interactive Flash display is Alan Weisman ’s projection of the changes the world would undergo without us on it .
Sometimes imagining the inconceivable can be a great way to get the mind working differently .
[ Inspiration : Innovation ]
21 . Moleskine Project
The Moleskine notebook has been an idea catcher for creative thinkers across generations .
This blog collates doodles and illustrations from creative minds — the only requirement is that they ’re committed to a cream - colored Moleskine page .
[ Inspiration : Art ]
22 . 101 Great Posting Ideas That Will Make Your Blog Sizzle
Philip
Liu ensures every blogger has plenty of ideas saved up for a rainy day .
[ Ideas : blogging ]
23 . Diastema ’s Toy Photos
Flickr is home to many innovative photographers and Diastema is one of them .
Her tiny toy collection finds itself in all kinds of unusual , colourful and perilous situations .
[ Inspiration : Photography ]
24 . Slinkachu ’s Little People
The artist ’s tiny people help us to see the world from a different perspective .
More innovative photography to get you approaching things from a new angle .
[ Inspiration : Photography ]
25 . Collected Creativity Quotes
“ It is better to have enough ideas for some of them to be wrong , than to be always right by having no ideas at all . ” — Edward de Bono [ Quotes : Creativity ]
26 . Seth Godin on Creativity
“ 99 % of the time , in my experience , the hard part about creativity is n’t coming up with something no one has ever thought of before .
The hard part is actually executing the thing you ’ve thought of . ”
[ Tips : Creativity ]
27 . Creative Thinking Hacks
“ On the new creative landscape you ’ve made , place the following simple definition : an idea is a combination of other ideas .
Say it five times out loud .
Say it to your cat .
Yell it out you car window at strangers waiting for the bus . ” [ Tips : Ideas ]
28 . Idea Recording
Comprehensive article outlining the various ways ideas can be recorded .
Thomas Edison and Da Vinci used notebooks , but your tastes might be different .
[ Tips : Ideas ]
29 . FOUND Magazine
“ We collect FOUND stuff : love letters , birthday cards , kids ’ homework , to - do lists , ticket stubs , poetry on napkins , telephone bills , doodles – anything that gives a glimpse into someone else ’s life . ”
[ Inspiration : Culture ]
30 . How Do You Woo The Muse ?
“ You ca n’t passively eye the beautiful muse sitting at the bar , waiting and hoping for her to approach you .
You have to go to her , promise her greatness , and hope that she accepts your pitch – and maybe , just maybe , stays on for the long haul . ”
[ Tips : Creativity ]
31 . Wildcard.jp.org
When it comes to design , the Japanese are world leaders .
Physics , art , minimalism and interactivity merge into one interesting user experience .
Bliss out to the ambient music , make some shapes and slip into a different way of thinking .
You can change the visualizations via the controls at the bottom .
[ Inspiration : Art ]
32 . Classic Cat
Some of the greatest creative works in history were conceived and executed whilst the complex strains of classical music filled the air .
Classic
Cat hosts hundreds of free and legal downloads from well - known composers .
[ Inspiration : Music ]
33 . gaping void
Hugh McLeod has churned out thousands of poignant and thought - provoking cartoons in his time .
Subscribe to his blog for a regular stream of pithy thought and philosophical doodles .
[ Inspiration : Art ]
34 . Do You Recognize These 10 Mental Blocks to Creative Thinking ?
Trying to find the “ right ” answer .
Logical thinking .
Following rules .
Being practical .
Play is not work .
That ’s not my job .
Being a “ serious ” person .
Avoiding ambiguity .
Being wrong is bad .
I ’m not creative .
[ Tips : Creativity ]
35 . How to Write Remarkably Creative Content
“ Inspiration from other sources is what creativity is all about .
It seems that many people believe creativity involves pulling a completely brand new idea out of thin air .
In truth , creativity is an adaptive process that consists of looking at the same existing thing everyone else is and thinking about it differently . ”
[ Tips : Creativity ]
36 . Flickr as a Source of Inspiration
28 inspirational photo pools for designers , from AdBusting to Typography to Illustration .
[ Inspiration : Photography ]
37 . 34 Places to Get Design Inspiration : Online & Off
It ’s resources like these that explain why Freelance Switch has experienced such phenomenal growth .
This post showcases some outstanding design sites while suggesting real - world sources of design inspiration ( yep — you might actually have to swap the light of the computer screen for the light of day ) .
[ Inspiration : Design ]
38 . 37 Sources of Inspiration
A group writing project at Inspirationbit.com saw 37 bloggers outline where they find inspiration on a day - to - day basis .
[ Inspiration : Blogging ]
39 . DeviantART
Often unsung , sometimes unknown , occasionally genius : DeviantART allows anyone with talent to showcase their visual art to an audience of thousands .
[ Inspiration : Art ]
40 . Smashing Magazine
A resource for web developers and designers , Smashing Magazine never publishes a half - baked post .
Amongst the tips , tools , resources and useful lists you ’re bound to find something that strikes a creative spark .
[ Inspiration : Web ]
41 . xhilarate : supercharged creative bookmarks
The xhilarate team provide us with carefully picked links to cutting - edge web and industrial design , advertising and contemporary art .
[ Inspiration : Design ]
42 . The Secret to Getting Others to Talk About You
Ankesh Kothari outlines a creative approach to getting noticed .
Chock - full of anecdotes , examples and fine writing , this article is a must - read for any innovative individual hoping to have their talent recognized .
[ Tips : Innovation ]
43 . Drawn !
The Illustration and Cartooning Blog
This blog showcases illustrators and cartoonists dabbling in every genre under the sun and above the ground ( though their characters surely sometimes venture beyond both ) .
From graphic novel realists to masters of the stick - figure , this blog is a visual treat .
[ Inspiration : Art ]
44 . Digg Labs { Arc.BigSpy .
Stack .
Swarm}
Digg labs allows you to take a birds - eye view of the content submitted to Digg , with a clear distinction between more popular and less popular content .
When brainstorming headlines or post ideas Digg labs can be a useful first port of call .
[ Inspiration : Web ]
45 . Jackson Pollock by Miltos Manetas
Create your own Jackson Pollock - style artwork by moving your cursor and clicking to change the color of your paint .
Hit spacebar to clear the canvas .
Much cleaner than doing it with actual paint , which is a bonus .
[ Inspiration : Art ]
46 . Time to Write : a weblog
Jurgen Wolff ’s tips , ideas and inspiration for writers and would - be writers .
[ Inspiration : Writing ]
47 . A4 Papercut
Intricate artworks and models cut out of a single sheet of A4 paper .
Proof that much can be done with little , and that art is more than the sum of its parts .
[ Inspiration : Art ]
48 . New Minimalism in Web Interface Design
A fantastic resource for web designers looking for minimalist inspiration , this page tracks the evolution of minimalist web design and contains a number of useful resources for those trying to achieve it .
[ Inspiration : Design ]
49 . xkcd : a webcomic
Romace , sarcasm , math and language : a webcomic to help you laugh and think .
[ Inspiration : Art ]
50 . 7 Rules for Maximizing Your Creative Output
“ For me the creative flow state is a common occurrence .
I usually enter this state several times a week , staying with it for hours at a time .
I ’m able to routinely enjoy the flow state as long as I ensure the right conditions , which I ’ll share with you in a moment . ”
[ Tips : Creativity ]
51 . Boing Boing
A steady stream of oddities , ideas , innovation , pop-culture and the unusual : Boing Boing is a virtual tour of the unorthodox .
What better way to get you thinking differently ?
[ Inspiration : Web ]
52 . Sidewalk Chalk Guy
Mr. Sidewalk Chalk busies himself by reinventing the pavement in three dimensions , often placing pedestrians in artificially perilous situations : in hell , or water , or a chasm inhabited by Roman gods .
You know , the usual .
[ Inspiration : Street art ]
53 . Flickr : Photos Tagged ‘ Street Art ’
This page seems to update every time you look at it .
As far as I ’m concerned , street art is where the real artistic innovation is occurring .
Any contemporary designer who prides themselves on being located at the cutting edge should have a firm grip on this stuff .
[ Inspiration : Street art ]
54 . Top 10 Tips For Overcoming Writer ’s Block
“ If we think of ourselves as laborers , as craftsmen , it ’s easier to sit down and write .
We ’re just putting words on the page , after all , one beside another , as a bricklayer puts down bricks .
At the end of the day , we ’re just creating things — stories , poems , or plays — only we use vocabulary and grammar instead of bricks and mortar . ”
[ Tips : Writing ]
55 . The 6 Myths of Creativity
Creativity comes from creative types .
Money is a creativity motivator .
Time pressure fuels creativity .
Fear forces breakthroughs .
Competition beats collaboration .
A streamlined organization is a creative organization .
[ Tips : Creativity ]
56 . Quick Story Idea Generator
The theme of this story : romantic slice - of - life .
The main character : frustrated cab driver .
The major event of the story : theft .
[ Ideas : Writing ]
57 . JPG Magazine
Dedicated to innovation in photography .
When you ’re sick of trawling Flickr for the odd diamond - in - the - rough , great photography can be found here without the hassles .
[ Inspiration : Photography ]
58 . 25 Unique Places to Find Story Ideas
“ The little things from life ’s daily events can also provide dozens of ideas .
Anything you do or anywhere you go could supply fodder for your next story .
You simply need to keep your mind open . ”
[ Tips : Writing ]
59 . 111 Instant Blog Post Ideas
Many of these ideas have a business focus , but could be easily adapted to other niches with a little bit of tweaking .
Add this list of post ideas to your arsenal and blogging inspiration should not be too far off .
[ Ideas : Blogging ]
60 . Projectionist : a tumblelog
Music , images , uncommon words , code snippets and links .
Projectionist is one of the web ’s best - known tumblelogs , and for good reason .
There is so much here that you ’re bound to find something that gets your neurons firing .
[ Inspiration : Web ]
61 . 10 Killer Post Ideas
While the post idea sets previously provided in this article have emphasized quantity and brevity , this article explores ten ideas in greater detail .
[ Ideas : Blogging ]
62 . How to Find Your Creative Zen
“ In reality , these Zen - like states are not nearly as unpredictable or as unattainable as you might think .
In most cases , they occur as natural fallout from a well - constructed creative process .
If you want to live on that free - flowing edge , then you must learn how to force your brain through the sequence of triggers that will result in your own cognitive Zen . ” [ Tips : Creativity ]
63 . StumbleUpon
Presents the best of the web in what is virtually a slideshow format .
Uninspired by a stumble ?
Then stumble somewhere else with a single click .
[ Inspiration : Web ]
64 . Reddit
A social bookmarking service that , unlike StumbleUpon , is less about entire websites and more about specific content .
Unlike StumbleUpon you can browse headlines and visit only those than interest you .
[ Inspiration : Web ]
65 . Hugh McLeod on How to be Creative
This post is a gargantuan resource collating prolific cartoonist Hugh McLeod ’s thoughts on the matter .
Some key points : ignore everybody .
Do n’t count on being ‘ discovered ’ .
Avoid crowds .
Do it for yourself .
Eschew the need for approval , and others .
Highly recommended .
[ Tips : Creativity ]
66 . 64 of the World ’s Greatest Paintings
These paintings are all recognized as outstanding ( often legendary ) contributions to the world of art .
Sometimes nothing brings out our own creativity more than basking in the creativity of the greats .
[ Inspiration : Art ]
67 . Fifty Phrases That Kill Creativity
It ’s never been tried .
Do n’t rock the boat .
If it ai n’t broke , do n’t fix it .
Let ’s give it more thought .
[ Tips : Creativity ]
68 . Thinking Like a Genius
“ Aristotle considered metaphor a sign of genius , and believed that the individual who had the capacity to perceive resemblances between two separate areas of existence and link them together was a person of special gifts . ”
[ Tips : Creativity ]
69 . Blentwell
Classical music barely ruffles your white , curly wig ?
Try Blentwell , the people ’s DJ mixset link collective .
Whether you ’re into rock , hip hop , house or grime , crunk and baile funk , you ’ll find a mix to form a suitable backdrop to your creative endeavours .
[ Inspiration : Music ]
70 . cre.ations.net
An open showcase of creativity across all fields : from face - mounted lucid dreaming masks to an extravagantly decorated cookie island .
[ Inspiration : Web ]
71 . An Interview With Ze Frank
Humorist .
Designer .
Teacher .
Ze Frank is one of the most creative individuals currently calling the web his home .
This interview focuses on the creative process behind all of Frank ’s projects .
[ Inspiration : Culture ]
72 . Manufacturing Inspiration
“ Inspiration is a luxury .
I do not sit down at my computer spiritually aglow , fingers tapping in ecstasy .
I think it ’s a bad model for writers .
Novels are more like houses , the process of constructing one a long and labor - intensive activity .
There are sparks of insight , moments of crystalline clarity , but more often writing resembles brick - laying , a word , a sentence , a paragraph at a time . ”
[ Inspiration : Writing ]
73 . George Orwell ’s 5 Rules For Effective Writing Style
Never use metaphors , similes or other figures of speech you are used of seeing in print .
Do n’t use long words where a short one will do .
Cut out unnecessary words .
Avoid jargon .
Break rules .
[ Tips : Writing ]
74 . Behance : Make Ideas Happen
Showcasing creative professional work from a number of fields , Behance speaks to creative minds to tease out how and why they work .
[ Inspiration : Creativity ]
75 . Mr. Picassohead
Assemble your own Picasso - style painting from various drag - and - drop shapes and figures .
If you ’re lucky , cubist painting will lead to cubist thinking .
[ Inspiration : Art ]
76 . Anarchaia : a tumblelog
Sure to suit geekier tastes , Anarchaia showcases its contents with minimal commentary and analysis .
The simple act of interpreting what you see is a creative exercise in its own right .
[ Inspiration : Web ]
77 . Limit Creativity , Get Innovation
“ The reasonable person finds this overwhelming .
Creativity ’s root is the tension filled conflict between the imagination and the physical : input and output , insight and achievement , learning and performing .
Remove conflict and there is no need for creativity . ”
[ Tips : Innovation ]
78 . My Top 5 Sources of Inspiration in Photography
Accomplishments of mankind .
Beauty of nature .
Other photographs .
Challenge .
Kids .
[ Inspiration : Photography ]
79 . Hack Your Way Out of Writer ’s Block
It ’s hard to think of a bigger obstacle to productivity than writer ’s block .
Productivity guru Merlin Mann shares his thoughts on battling with the muse ’s greatest enemy .
[ Tips : Writing ]
80 . 50 Ways to Become a Better Designer
“ We approached 17 leading designers working in print , video and on the web , to obtain their words of wisdom on every stage of the design process , from ideas and planning , through to best practice and software skills , and finally putting the finishing touches on their work . ”
[ Tips : Design ]
81 . 100 % : Sophisticated Simplicity
PingMag interviews Hironao Tsuboi of Japanese design duo 100 % .
These guys make everyday objects beautiful — proof that innovation lives everywhere .
[ Inspiration : Design ]
82 . The Laws of Simplicity
1 . The simplest way to achieve simplicity is through thoughtful reduction .
2 . Organization makes a system of many appear fewer .
3 . Savings in time feel like simplicity .
4 . Knowledge makes everything simpler .
5 . Simplicity and complexity need each other .
6 . What lies in the periphery of simplicity is definitely not peripheral .
7 . More emotions are better than less .
8 . In simplicity we trust .
9 . Some things can never be made simple .
[ Inspiration : Innovation ]
83 . bubbl.us
A simple , free web application designed to help you brainstorm online .
Because sometimes a pen and paper do n’t feel like enough — even though they probably are .
[ Inspiration : Creativity ]
84 . Essential Resources for Creativity
163 creativity techniques , 30 tips and recommended books from Lifehack.org .
[ Tips : Creativity ]
85 . Creativity Techniques From A - Z
“ I like to think of these creativity techniques as tools in a toolbox in much the same way as my toolbox at home for DIY .
It has a saw , spanner , hammer , knife and all sorts of other things in it , they are all very useful , but you have to pick the right tool ( creativity technique ) for each job . ”
[ Inspiration : Creativity ]
86 . NotCot.org
Innovation in architecture , industrial design , food , gadgets , photography and typography , all presented via photography .
[ Inspiration : Design ]
87 . How to Become a Creative Genius
“ Our minds are much like a garden .
Without proper care , the weeds will take over .
Nothing sparks the mind like learning something new . ”
[ Tips : Creativity ]
88 . How to Stifle Your Creativity in 10 Easy Steps
Be afraid .
Remind yourself of all the times you failed in the past .
Stay constantly busy .
Always try to fit in .
Stick to what you know .
Always defer to authority .
Do n’t ask stupid questions .
Always listen to your Inner Critic .
Leave thinking to the experts .
Keep it simple , stupid .
[ Tips : Creativity ]
89 . Idea Killers : Ways to Stop Ideas
“ Mostly these are used as thought inhibitors : they do n’t require any thought to say .
They ’re used as flinch negative responses , dismissing without explanation .
Unlike real critical thinking , which offers a path ( e.g if you can overcome x , y and z we ’ll consider it ) idea killers are lazy dead ends . ”
[ Tips : Creativity ]
90 . PostSecret
Confessions on postcards — sometimes depressing , often poignant , occasionally funny .
These can kick - off ideas in any field .
[ Inspiration : Culture ]
91 . Tips for Personal Brainstorming
“ By gathering all of the information that you know about your challenge and laying it out in front of you in tangible form , you enable your most powerful problem - solving tool — your brain — to see connections , interrelationships and implications in the information you ’ve collected , which would not be obvious if you just kept all of this information in your head . ”
[ Tips : Creativity ]
92 . Creative Advertisements Around the World
Images of advertising innovation .
Too expensive to be guerilla , so it ’s hard to know what to call it .
Whatever you want to call it , these ads will make you think .
[ Inspiration : Advertising ]
93 . Banksy.co.uk
The world ’s most notorious street artist , Banksy has made his mark across the globe : from the streets of Great Britain to the West Bank Barrier in Palestine .
His art makes the viewer see their surrounds from a very different perspective .
[ Inspiration : Street art ]
94 . Interview with Lemony Snicket
Daniel Handler ( Snicket ’s real name ) has had his books turned into movies .
In other words , his creativity has made him quite rich .
In this interview he talks creativity , productivity , writing routines and perseverence .
[ Inspiration : Writing ]
95 . How to Get Creative
“ Creativity is all about coming up with new ideas , interpretations and methods and involves thinking and exploring what goes through your mind .
It ’s a quality that should be encouraged at all walks of life .
You need to feed your creative side with inspirational material , give it the time and attention is needs . ”
[ Inspiration : Creativity ]
96 . Drops of Blood : a weblog
A weblog for fiction writers containing tips , tricks , thoughts and resources .
An interesting quote from the main page : “ One does not discover new lands without consenting to lose sight of the shore for a very long time . ” — Andre Gide [ Inspiration : Writing ]
97 . 10 Steps For Boosting Your Creativity
“ 8 . Do n’t do drugs .
People on drugs think they are creative .
To everyone else , they seem like people on drugs . ”
[ Tips : Creativity ]
98 . How to be a More Creative Blogger
Evolution .
Reapplication .
Synthesis .
Revolution .
Changing direction .
[ Tips : Blogging ]
99 . 10 Ways to Start a Blog Post
When I look at the people around me . . .
If I could , I ’d invent . . .
It happens the same way every time . . .
When I sit down with the news every morning . . . [ Ideas : Blogging ]
100 . Kottke.org
Jason Kottke has been blogging forever .
He consistently unearths valuable nuggets of art and culture from the hidden pockets of the web .
Any creative mind will find something to love here .
[ Inspiration : Web ]
101 . 10 Tips for Overcoming Writer ’s Block
Another article on this perennially troubling topic , to the tune of : make a deal with your Inner Critic .
Remember who you ’re writing for .
Sit down .
Stand up .
Imagine you ’re having a drink with a friend .
Leave the house without a notebook .
Get trigger happy .
Talk to other writers .
Have some fun .
[ Tips : Writing ]
102 . Set a Deadline to Goad Your Creative Juices
“ Strict limits can be a powerful stimulant to the creative process .
If you ’ve ever been asked to solve a challenging problem with a small budget or a tight deadline , you ’ve probably found that you were much more resourceful than if you had been granted a ton of money and time . ”
[ Tips : Creativity ]
103 . An Interview With James Warren Perry
Painter James Warren
Perry talks idea generation , day - to - day creative habits , burn - out , creativity techniques and productivity .
[ Inspiration : Creativity ]
104 . Neatorama
A more mainstream ( or perhaps , more accurately , less pretentious ) Boing Boing - style blog offering a regularly updated stream of wierd , awe - inspiring and innovative cultural curiosities .
[ Inspiration : Web ]
105 . 9 Attitudes of Highly Creative People
“ Creative people see problems as a natural and normal part of life – in fact they often have a fascination with problems and are drawn to them . ”
[ Tips : Creativity ]
106 .
Tumblr : Radar
Tumblelogs aggregate the online lives of avid web users .
The Radar at Tumblr.com highlights some of the most fascinating tumblelogs hosted on the service .
Expect photos , links and quotes without the fluff .
[ Inspiration : Innovation ]
107 : Writing Hacks : Starting
“ Writing is easy , it ’s quality that ’s hard .
Any idiot who knows 5 words can write a sentence ( e.g. “ Dufus big much Scott is ” ) .
It might be grammarless , broken , or inaccurate but it is writing .
This means that when people ca n’t start they ’re imagining the precision of the end , all polished and brilliant , a vision that makes the ugly clumsy junkyard that all beginnings are , impossible to accept . ”
[ Tips : Writing ]
108 . Seth Godin on Real Creativity
“ I think that inventing the unimplementable is a fine hobby , but it ’s also a bit of a crutch .
Yes , of course we need big visions and big ideas , but not at the expense of the stuff you can actually pull off . ”
[ Tips : Creativity ]
109 . D. Keith Robinson on Overcoming Writer ’s Block
Record everything .
Wander the bookstore .
Ask a question .
Take risks .
Take advantage of creative highs .
Get the title first .
Pay attention to reader feedback .
Become a commentator .
Go off - topic .
Use real - world stories .
Take a drive or a walk .
Keep writing .
[ Tips : Writing ]
110 . 101 Ways to Brew Up a Great Idea
Take a warm bath .
Go for a drive with the windows open .
Order Chinese food and eat it with chopsticks .
Call a random phone number — ask a stranger .
And more : they ’re facetious , but they might just work .
[ Tips : Creativity ]
111 . Flickr : Explore !
Photos generating a buzz over the last seven days on Flickr , ranked by so - called ‘ interestingness ’ .
Regardless of what that means , this service is a great way to get several great images quickly delivered .
[ Inspiration : Photography ]
Bush / Cheney Still Lie with Abandon
What makes George W. Bush and Dick Cheney such extraordinary threats to the future of American democracy is their readiness to tell half - truths and outright lies consistently without any apparent fear of accountability .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
While other politicians might spin some facts in a policy debate or tell a fib about a personal indiscretion , President Bush and Vice President Cheney act as if they have the power and the right to manufacture reality itself , often on matters of grave significance that bear on war and peace or the future of the nation .
Even in the face of growing public skepticism , Bush and Cheney continue to invent new lies and retell old ones , seemingly with the goal of at least keeping their gullible right - wing “ base ” behind the faux reality depicted on Fox News , the Rush Limbaugh radio show and other right - wing media outlets .
So , on April 5 , Cheney showed no hesitancy in telling Limbaugh ’s listeners both an old canard about how Saddam Hussein ’s Iraq was in league with al - Qaeda terrorists and a new one about how a U.S. military withdrawal from Iraq would “ play right into the hands of al - Qaeda . ”
Cheney surely knows that U.S. intelligence analysts have reached the opposite conclusions on both points – that there was no operational relationship between Hussein ’s regime and al - Qaeda ; that terrorist leader Abu Musab al - Zarqawi was based in a section of northern Iraq outside Hussein ’s control ; and that the U.S. occupation of Iraq has been a boon to al - Qaeda that the terrorist group wants to extend , not end .
As one of Osama bin Laden ’s top lieutenants , known as “ Atiyah , ” wrote more than a year ago , “ prolonging the war is in our interest . ”
The letter , dated Dec. 11 , 2005 , and obtained by U.S. intelligence after Zarqawi ’s death in June 2006 , urged that Zarqawi ’s jihadists in Iraq show patience and restraint in deepening their ties to Iraqi Sunni insurgents .
[ To read the “ prolonging the war ” passage from the Atiyah letter at West Point ’s Combating Terrorism Center , click here and then scroll down to the bottom of page 16 and the top of page 17 . ]
Other intelligence information has revealed that in 2004 - 05 , al - Qaeda ’s situation both in Iraq and along the Pakistani - Afghan border was precarious , with their hopes tied to a continuation of Bush ’s blunderbuss strategies in order to deepen alienation between the Muslim world and the West .
Al - Qaeda leaders feared that a rapid U.S. withdrawal from Iraq would cause many young recruits to put down their guns and go home .
[ For details , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Al - Qaeda ’s Fragile Foothold . ” ]
In late October 2004 , U.S. intelligence analysts concluded that bin Laden released a pre-election video with the intent of helping Bush gain a second term so his policies would continue .
Bin Laden devoted most of his harangue to denouncing Bush in what looked like a Brer Rabbit ploy of “ Do n’t throw me in the briar patch ” – when that was exactly where he wanted to go .
After bin Laden ’s video dominated the news on the Friday before Election 2004 , a meeting of senior CIA analysts began with deputy CIA director John McLaughlin observing that “ bin Laden certainly did a nice favor today for the President , ” according to Ron Suskind ’s book The One Percent Doctrine , which relies heavily on CIA insiders .
“ Certainly , ” CIA deputy associate director for intelligence Jami Miscik said , “ he would want Bush to keep doing what he ’s doing for a few more years , ” according to Suskind ’s account of the meeting .
As their internal assessment sank in , the CIA analysts drifted into silence , troubled by the implications of their own conclusions .
“ An ocean of hard truths before them – such as what did it say about U.S. policies that bin Laden would want Bush reelected – remained untouched , ” Suskind wrote .
If helping Bush was bin Laden ’s intent , the strategy appeared to work .
According to two last - minute polls , Bush moved from a virtual dead heat with Sen.
John Kerry to about a five percentage point lead and hung on to win by an official margin of less than three points .
[ For details , see Consortiumnews.com ’s “ Bush Agrees Bin Laden Helped in ‘ 04 ” ]
Intelligence Consensus
In April 2006 , a National Intelligence Estimate , representing the consensus view of the U.S. intelligence community , formalized some of the analysis about the benefit of the Iraq War to Islamic terrorism .
The Iraq War had become a “ cause celebre ” that was “ cultivating supporters for the global jihadist movement , ” the NIE said .
So , Cheney seems to have the intelligence upside down .
The ones playing into al - Qaeda ’s hands are those who favor an open - ended conflict in Iraq , not those who want to bring the war to a prompt conclusion .
Similarly , Cheney continues to spread the false claim that Zarqawi ’s pre-war presence in Iraq indicated an al - Qaeda connection to Saddam Hussein ’s regime .
“ This is al - Qaeda operating in Iraq ” before the invasion , Cheney told Limbaugh ’s listeners .
But the facts on Zarqawi have long since been established .
Before the invasion , the Jordanian terrorist – who had not yet allied himself with al - Qaeda – was operating in Iraq ’s northern territory where he was protected by the U.S. - British “ no - fly zone ” that prevented Hussein from launching military offensives .
Though the Bush administration has made much of Zarqawi slipping into Baghdad in 2002 to receive some medical treatment , U.S. intelligence has concluded that Hussein ’s government did not know where Zarqawi was and indeed launched a manhunt aimed at arresting him .
“ The [ Hussein ] regime did not have a relationship , harbor , or turn a blind eye toward Zarqawi and his associates , ” concluded a CIA report dated Oct. 25 , 2005 .
A September 2006 report by the Senate Intelligence Committee said Zarqawi used an alias while getting medical treatment and evaded capture by the Iraq Intelligence Service , which created a “ special committee ” to track him down .
Further , the Senate panel concluded that “ no postwar information indicates that Iraq intended to use al - Qa’ida or any other terrorist group to strike the United States homeland before or during ” the U.S. invasion .
The Senate report found , too , that Hussein ’s regime had not developed any operational links to al - Qaeda .
As explained by captured Iraqi officials after the invasion , the several contacts between Baghdad and al - Qaeda appeared to have been initiated by al - Qaeda and did n’t lead to any cooperation from Iraq .
Hussein was determined to keep the radical fundamentalist bin Laden at arm ’s length , according to these accounts .
Senior Iraq Intelligence Service official Faruq Hijazi told American debriefers that he was picked by Hussein to meet with bin Laden in 1995 because Hijazi was secular and unsympathetic to bin Laden ’s fundamentalist message .
Hussein also instructed Hijazi “ only to listen ” and promise nothing .
Bin Laden requested permission to open an office in Iraq , to receive Chinese sea mines , and to obtain military training – all of which Hussein rejected , Hijazi said , according to the Senate report .
Other al - Qaeda overtures met similar rebuffs from Hussein who disliked bin Laden , in part , because the Saudi exile had called Hussein an “ unbeliever , ” according to a senior Iraqi official interviewed after the invasion .
Hussein also ordered another al - Qaeda operative , who snuck into Iraq , to be apprehended and expelled .
Even before the U.S. - led invasion – when the Bush administration was hyping Hussein ’s alleged ties to al - Qaeda – then - CIA Director George Tenet told the Senate Intelligence Committee that “ there are several reported suggestions by al - Qa’ida to Iraq about joint terrorist ventures , but in no case can we establish that Iraq accepted or followed up on these suggestions . ”
Despite this evidence and a broad consensus within the U.S. intelligence community , Cheney keeps alive his discredited claims about a pre-war al - Qaeda role under Saddam Hussein ’s regime .
Possibly , the Vice President believes that the right - wing media echo chamber is so influential that the sheer repetition of these falsehoods can solidify support for the administration ’s position regardless of the facts .
Bush ’s Lies Bush has operated with similar audacity in depicting a “ history ” of the Iraq War that is mythical , not factual .
For instance , just four months after the invasion , Bush altered the pre-war reality in stating that he had no choice but to invade because Saddam Hussein had barred United Nations weapons inspectors .
“ We gave him a chance to allow the inspectors in , and he would n’t let them in , ” Bush said at the end of a brief press conference at the White House on July 14 , 2003 .
“ After a reasonable request , we decided to remove him from power . ”
Yet , as everyone who watched the run-up to war knew , Hussein did let U.N. inspectors in to scour the countryside .
Indeed , in early March 2003 , U.N. inspectors were requesting more time for their work and noting that the Iraqis finally were filling in details about how they had destroyed earlier stockpiles of weapons .
But Bush cut the inspections short and launched his invasion .
Then , months later , when U.S. forces also were unable to locate the suspected weapons of mass destruction , Bush simply altered the historical facts with his assertion that Hussein “ chose war ” by rejecting U.N. inspections .
In those heady days of Bush ’s stratospheric poll numbers , no one in the major U.S. news media dared to challenge Bush ’s falsehoods .
Although Bush ’s poll numbers have fallen precipitously since then , U.S. journalists remain hesitant to question Bush ’s honesty now when he continues to revise recent history to fit his political needs .
Bush ’s latest revisionist history relates to his claim that his “ surge ” of higher troop levels in Iraq represented the will of the military commanders and that politicians should n’t override battlefield judgments .
The American people “ do n’t want politicians in Washington telling our generals how to fight a war , ” Bush said at a press briefing on April 3 , scolding congressional Democrats for seeking a gradual withdrawal of U.S. combat troops from Iraq .
But it was Bush in December and January who rebuffed the judgment of the Pentagon brass and U.S. field commanders when they opposed his plan for expanding the size of the U.S. military contingent in Iraq .
During a classified briefing at the Pentagon in December , Bush reportedly made clear to the brass that he had no interest in finding a way out of Iraq .
Gen. James T. Conway , the Marine commandant , described Bush ’s message as “ What I want to hear for you is how we ’re going to win , not how we ’re going to leave . ”
Bush began warming to a “ surge ” strategy that was pushed by neoconservative scholar Frederick Kagan and Bush ’s hard - line White House strategists .
That was countered by a Pentagon leak revealing that the Joint Chiefs of Staff opposed an escalation because they doubted it could achieve any lasting strategic objective .
Bush , who has always insisted that he listens to his generals on military matters such as troop levels , reacted to their resistance to the “ surge ” with a purge .
He pushed out Gen. John Abizaid and Gen. George Casey , the two top field commanders , and promoted other officers who would bend to White House political demands .
In other words , Bush claiming he was abiding by his commanders ’ advice on the “ surge ” would be like Richard Nixon saying he was only following the will of the Justice Department in firing Watergate special prosecutor Archibald Cox in the infamous “ Saturday Night Massacre . ”
To get Cox fired , Nixon first had to accept the resignations of the Attorney General and the deputy attorney general , before reaching the third - ranking official , Solicitor General Robert Bork , who removed Cox .
But not even Nixon would have dared invert factual reality so brazenly .
Nixon had to confront a far more aggressive press corps than Bush does .
Plus , Nixon could n’t turn as readily to an ideologically compliant right - wing news media , which has been lavishly constructed in the past three decades partly in response to Nixon ’s Watergate debacle .
[ For details , see Robert Parry ’s Secrecy & Privilege . ]
Bush and Cheney apparently believe that today ’s friendlier media environment still lets them do or say almost anything they want .
But a democratic Republic cannot long endure when leaders substitute lies for truth .
Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Secrecy & Privilege : Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq , can be ordered at secrecyandprivilege.com .
It 's also available at Amazon.com , as is his 1999 book , Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth . '
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
US Embassy offers just $ 12,500 for boy slain by Blackwater Jason Rhyne
Published : Thursday October 25 , 2007
del.icio.us
Print This Email This
For the families of Iraqi civilians killed by the US security firm Blackwater last month , it may be difficult to place a monetary value on the loss of their loved ones -- but they agree it has to more than the few thousand dollars currently being offered up by the US Embassy .
The embassy made a rare move on Wednesday to compensate surviving victims and the families of fatalities related to a Sept. 16 shooting incident involving Blackwater 's private security guards , according to a report in the Washington Post by Sudarsan Raghavan .
But the money being offered -- just 12,500 in one case involving the death of a 10 - year old boy named Ali -- is being greeted with disgust by many .
Ali's father , Mohammad Hafud Abdul Razaq , turned the embassy 's offer down cold , telling the US Embassy 's deputy chief of mission Patracia Butenis the amount was " far too little . "
What he wanted , according to the Post , was an admission of guilt from Blackwater itself .
" The manager of Blackwater did n't apologize , and he did n't admit the crime , " Razaq told the paper .
" He did n't apologize for his crime ... I told the ambassador ' You are fighting terrorist groups who are offering $ 100,000 for people who blow themselves up . ' "
That sentiment is common among many of the families interviewed by the Post .
" This is an insult , " said another man , Firoz Fadhil Abbas , who lost his brother .
" The funeral and the wake cost more than what they offered .
My brother who got killed was responsible for four families . "
Another individual , Haitham Ahmed , who lost both his wife and son in the incident , said he refused to even sit down with the embassy 's payment team in the Green Zone .
" On Saturday , " writes Raghavan , " Ahmed met with a State Department official who asked him what he thought was fair compensation for his wife and son . "
" They are priceless , " replied Ahmed , who went on to tell the official that he would expect something similar to the Libyan government 's $ 8 million compensation paid to families of victims who died in the Pan Am airline bombing over Lockerbie , Scotland .
" And you would have to deliver the criminals to an Iraqi court just like Libya delivered the criminals to the British . "
Iraq 's Interior Ministry has also arrived at the $ 8 million figure , and wants Blackwater operations banished from the country .
" U.S. Embassy spokeswoman Mirembe Nantongo described the offers as ' condolence payments ' to support the relatives of the victims and said the money was not intended to be a final settlement of their claims , " reports the Post , who said Nantongo indicated that payments were " in no way a waiver of future claims . "
Read the full article in the Washington Post .
Advertisements
Want a gift card ?
Participate in a presidential frontrunner survey !
One of the most complex topics , especially for organizations that are new to the API economy , is the concept of an API ecosystem .
This whitepaper was written to help you demystify what an ecosystem is and its role in your overall API strategy .
This is the second of our ongoing series of whitepapers .
There 's a war happening in science but you may not know about it , and it 's stranger than most because it is pitting some people with HIV and their loved ones against the scientists and medical community trying to cure it .
In other words , it 's a war that makes even less sense than most wars .
Did you know there was even a debate about whether or not HIV causes AIDS ?
I did n't .
You might as well have walked up and told me puppies and free money do n't cause happiness - I was that shocked - but a debate there is and I learned about it when I read an editorial in PLoS ( Public Library of Science ) Medicine titled HIV Denial in the Internet Era .
The authors , Tara C. Smith and Steven P. Novella , pull no punches at all .
They do n't hesitate to lump in HIV / AIDS skeptics with deniers of evolution and the Holocaust .
It 's powerful stuff and they clearly feel like this issue is too important to remain out of the mainstream cultural debate .
Dr. Tara Smith and Dr. Steven Novella
I was intrigued by the editorial because it's rare that scientists invoke the Holocaust and even more rare that you have an important cause where two sides vehemently disagree yet , to an outsider , there does n't seem to be a villain .
In the global warming debate , for example , you can look to Exxon or Environmental Defense as the villain depending on where you stand because there 's money involved in both camps .
In the world of HIV research , it 's not so clear cut .
Doctors and scientists who want to save people with HIV / AIDS can't be the villains .
Likewise , people who have HIV / AIDS and are convinced the drugs do more harm than the disease can't be the villains .
Drug companies ?
Perhaps it is possible on a limited scale but most scientists work for little money by choice so greed is n't a big motivator .
Medicine is occasionally art as much as science because there are n't always clear - cut reasons why things happen the way they happen at the cellular level yet society expects decisions today based on data that may be incomplete - lives are quite literally at stake .
Understanding that , I set out to discuss the science behind this .
I wrote to Dr. Smith and a few of the groups and people mentioned in the editorial and left a general comment on a site critical of the editorial asking for expert input .
I did not get a response from Dr. Peter Duesberg , a professor of Molecular and Cell Biology at the University of California , Berkeley and oft - cited source .
Nor did I get an answer from Act Up San Francisco or Alive & Well but I did get a response from Dr. Henry H. Bauer , author of The Origin , Persistence And Failings Of HIV / AIDS Theory , who wrote :
Re : the Smith - Novella article in PLoS Medicine , please note that it does not deal with HIV / AIDS science , it deals with issues of dissent from a mainstream consensus , and does so in a sadly misguided and ignorant fashion : the authors are not familiar with standard knowledge in history , philosophy , and sociology of science , in particular as to the role of anomalies and heterodoxy in the progress of science , which happens to be my own academic specialty
Fair enough , but that charge can be levelled against every editorial ever written , especially if you happen not to like it .
They are by definition primarily opinion pieces .
Yet you do n't often get to be a professor of epidemiology or a neurologist at the Yale University School of Medicine without knowing what you are talking about , so even opinion pieces by experts carry real weight .
Dr. Bauer is Professor Emeritus of Chemistry & Science Studies at Virginia Polytechnic Institute & State University and also Editor In Chief of Journal of Scientific Exploration , which deals with , among other things , ufology , cryptozoology , and parapsychology , so he's also no stranger to criticism that his writing is sometimes not mainstream hard science .
Criticism of the editorial nature of the PLoS article aside , it makes sense to tackle the subject on its merits .
Smith and Novella rightly understand that policy decisions are often based on perception as much as fact , and we agree as well , so it 's important that non-experts get a ground - level understanding of the science issues at stake .
In that interest I interviewed Dr. Smith to go beyond the editorial and to try and figure out why there is any debate at all and why they decided to speak out .
Scientific Blogging : The HIV / AIDS denial movement has been around for a while .
What made this important enough to address now ?
Tara Smith : Like most scientists , I had n't even realized there was an active denial movement until recently , beginning with the story of Eliza Jane Scovill .
As a parent myself , I can only imagine how horrible it must be to lose a child , but it angered me that Maggiore did n't learn anything from her daughter 's death -- and indeed , continues to actively promote her denialist ideas to other mothers .
To someone in public health , that behavior is beyond appalling , and I do think attention needs to be called to this movement , and to science denial more broadly .
Scientific Blogging :
Are you concerned that your status in the scientific community legitimizes these denial groups scientifically by addressing them ?
Tara Smith : No. Prior to becoming interested in HIV denial , I 'd worked for quite awhile battling against evolution deniers in Ohio and Iowa .
I 'm not inviting anyone to debate me on equal footing ; I do n't disguise my views on these matters or hide my opinions .
I wo n't legitimize them by inviting them to my university to give a talk or debate in the interest of " fairness . "
I use my blog site to address these groups because their information is already out there , frequently unchallenged , on the internet .
Scientific Blogging : Disease testing can be confusing to the general population .
Critics state that HIV tests are not accurate and they introduce concepts like surrogate markers which will be unknown to most people .
Can you provide a short description of how HIV tests are done and their accuracy level ?
Tara Smith : Sure .
There are two steps to an HIV test .
The first will be a screening test , typically an enzyme - linked immunosorbant assay ( ELISA ) .
This test looks for antibodies made by the patient that are specific to HIV .
I 'm skipping a few steps here , but when antibodies are present , the test will change color , and the amount of color change is measured by a machine .
Those that are above the cut - off point for the ELISA will then be tested by a second test called a Western blot .
In this test , the patient 's serum is applied to , essentially , a piece of paper - like membrane with HIV proteins stuck to it .
If there are antibodies in the patient 's serum , they 'll stick to the proteins on the membrane , which will again change color in subsequent steps .
It 's only when this is positive that an individual is called HIV +.
The combination of the two tests has undergone through testing , and are very accurate .
( For instance , a 1998 JAMA analysis showed a false positive rate of ~ 1 in 250,000 , or 0.0004 % . )
Scientific Blogging :
It seems like the debate should be over after answering one question : are there any instances of AIDS without the presence of HIV ?
Tara Smith : Well , even that one is n't as straightforward as it may seem .
AIDS is now defined in part by the presence of HIV ( or antibodies to HIV ) , so the answer to your question , technically , is that no , there is no AIDS without HIV .
However , there are rare cases of T cell depletion in the absence of HIV , from an unknown cause ( " idiopathic T cell lymphocytopenia " ) , which those who deny HIV causation of AIDS try to pass off as " AIDS without HIV . "
Scientific Blogging : New laboratory assays can't be created overnight , yet the lack of complete understanding about which part of the T - cell replacement mechanism is wearing out and what is responsible for wiping out the T - cells that disappear seems to be an argument these critics use against the science community .
Can you compare the danger of current treatments with the danger of waiting until science is certain what causes T - cell stores to dwindle ?
Tara Smith : Well , those studies have been done .
We do n't need to know all of the details to see if a new treatment is better than doing nothing at all .
Immunology has advanced in leaps and bounds over the past 2 decades , and with it our understanding of the biology of HIV , but imagine if we 'd sat back for 2 decades and done nothing , waiting for a clearer picture of HIV pathogenesis ?
Antibiotics were used long before their mechanism was known ; mechanisms of aspirin are still being investigated .
Knowing more about HIV will hopefully allow us to design better drugs , but in the meantime , we know via clinical trials and epidemiological studies that antiretroviral drugs save lives .
Scientific Blogging :
On the ACTUP San Francisco site they paint the HIV / AIDS epidemic as a perceptual one based on a combination of flawed science , alarmist media and anti-sex / anti - gay sentiment .
That 's brilliant spin on their part because it says if you believe HIV causes AIDS , you either do n't know what you are talking about or you dislike gay people .
So which are you , uninformed or anti-gay ??
Tara Smith : Yes , they 've certainly studied their framing , have n't they ?
Again , you can see how they 're setting up something those of us in the mainstream just can't win .
What 's interesting is that they get all their own information from scientists who study HIV and obviously can't really be uninformed , yet they support the idea that HIV causes AIDS -- so they must be anti-gay ?
Yet they 're spending their careers studying a syndrome that disproportionately affects homosexuals in this country , so how does being anti-gay make any sense ?
That 's when they bring out the " greed " issues , suggesting that HIV research is so lucrative and scientists are out for the quick buck .
I received one comment that suggested HIV researchers routinely make in the 7 figures .
Scientific Blogging : Critics note that there is no single scientific paper that proves HIV causes AIDS .
How is that an issue ?
Tara Smith :
This is a red herring .
There is no " single scientific paper " that " proves " anything .
Scientific evidence is gathered over a period of years or decades , experiments are repeated by multiple groups , knowledge is built upon in many dozens or hundreds of papers , until a " cause " is established beyond a reasonable doubt .
So by asking for a " single paper , " deniers are rigging the game from the start , knowing they can pick holes in that single paper ( holes that likely have been filled by subsequent studies ) and say , " aha !
That paper is the best you can give me , and it did n't prove anything !
Your whole paradigm is incorrect . "
It 's just a stunt , essentially .
Scientific Blogging :
You used the terms " denier " and " consensus " in your article and those two words have become associated with political fights more than scientific ones .
Is there a science debate remaining or is this now more of a political issue ?
Tara Smith :
There certainly remains much that 's unknown about the science of HIV , and there are valid debates in the scientific literature .
But no , issue about whether HIV causes AIDS has been settled long ago .
It is , in many ways , akin to a political fight , though deniers run the political spectrum .
HIV deniers do n't have the clout or money behind them that evolution deniers do , but they do have a small core of loud supporters , along with Hollywood director - types who have been cranking out documentaries promoting AIDS misinformation , and " natural health " / vitamin gurus who profit from denial .
Maybe " cultural issue " would be a better term than " political " one .
Scientific Blogging : I only found one critique of your article and it did n't address the specifics of what you wrote but instead invoked the scientific ' we should consider all options until eliminated ' position .
Is that a legitimate defense in this case ?
Tara Smith : Well , of course the old adage is to be open - minded , but not so much that your brains fall out .
Of course , we should consider all options , but that was already done in the early years of AIDS .
The " alternative " theories suggested by many deniers ( such as drugs , too much sex , not enough nutrition ) were tested exhaustively , and they were not alone found to be sufficient to cause AIDS .
HIV presence was , and has been repeatedly in thousands of published studies .
As much as we can be sure about anything in science , we know that HIV causes AIDS .
Scientific Blogging : Usually there is a driving motivation in any cause .
Some care about the environment , for example , while others see a way to make money or get elected with environmental causes .
I can't figure out a motivation for HIV / AIDS deniers .
Based on your research , what do they gain by clouding the issue ?
Tara Smith : I do n't think you can assign one motivation to all of them .
Some of them , especially those who are themselves HIV + , simply seem to not want to believe that they 've acquired a pathogen that could , potentially , kill them eventually .
Others are highly distrustful of the government , scientists , and anyone in authority in general .
Certainly some do have religious motivations -- they still believe that AIDS is a punishment for " sinning , " acts such as sex ( and particularly homosexual sex ) and drug use .
I 'm sure there are probably dozens more reasons , but I 've not come across any overarching theme .
Creationists are much easier to group together than HIV deniers , who seem to run the religious and political spectrum .
Scientific Blogging :
It 's obvious there are fringe individuals and groups that want to leverage the confusion about the disease to advance their ideology but most are , like advocates for any HIV awareness group , legitimate victims of the disease who genuinely care and feel like we are being duped by drug companies or groups stigmatizing sex .
I can't help but feel you 're all on the same side - you want people to stop dying .
What would be enough to convince everyone ?
A new generation of assays ?
Is it reasonable to expect to find a cellular treasure chest that answers all questions ?
Tara Smith : Yes , I do think that 's unreasonable .
Sometimes research does move forward in a giant leap like that -- finding some " treasure chest " that moves a problem far ahead .
Usually , it moves forward in much smaller increments .
I do n't think there will anything that 's enough to convince everyone .
There are still people out there who deny that germs cause disease , period -- despite incontrovertible evidence to the contrary .
All the science in the world wo n't convince people who do n't respect the scientific method , or the scientists who carry out the research , and that 's really the bottom line in all of this .
Scientific Blogging :
We greatly appreciate you taking some time to discuss this .
Any final thoughts for our readers ?
Tara Smith : I think it 's important for scientists ( and laymen interested in science ) to be aware that this kind of science denial still exists , and is still being actively promoted by some groups .
Obviously evolution denial has gotten the most attention ( and is arguably the most organized and well - financed ) , but other forms of science denial exist as well , and have been propagated by the internet .
And while many other forms of science denial are distressing to scientists , and have numerous political implications , HIV denial has the potential to be deadly .
* * *
I spent about a week researching this and came away more confused than ever .
Not about the science , because one thing is certain in science and logic : not fully understanding how X causes Y is not proof that it does n't happen .
I do n't think the HIV / AIDS link is a myth propagated by drug companies and at some level we have to either trust pathologists and epidemiologists or become them and prove them wrong .
Uninformed political leaders or bizarre cultural perceptions will always be on the fringes of these kinds of issues but at its core , data has to be data .
I asked Dr. Smith some pointed questions and got straight answers , including acknowledgements when the answers were incomplete .
In looking over the data from the skeptic side I saw far too many out - of - context bits of fact and basically - accurate - but - incomplete statements that then lead to misleading conclusions .
According to Avert.org 2.6 million people died from AIDS in 2006 .
At some level it does n't matter what caused it , it 's still an epidemic that needs to be fixed .
I am okay if the medical community can't give me a complete explanation for what caused AIDS , as long as they fix it .
Heck , in physics I can't give anyone a comprehensive definition of what a magnetic field is .*
Does that make me a fraud or a dupe for the semiconductor industry that does $ 120 billion annually without knowing the answer ?
No , we 'll figure it out some day .
Likewise in the field of AIDS research , the nuances of what caused it can be found over time but medicine needs to go about the business of saving people right now .
* A magnetic field is a region in space where a magnetic force can be detected .
That 's the best answer you 're going to get .
Notes :
Dr. Tara Smith is Assistant Professor , Center for Emerging Infectious Diseases , College of Public Health at the University of Iowa .
Her most recent book is Group B Streptococcus and she has a blog at http://scienceblogs.com/aetiology.
Dr. Steven Novella is an academic neurologist on full - time faculty at Yale University School of Medicine and he has a blog at http://www.theness.com/neurologicablog/.
Dr. Henry H. Bauer is Professor Emeritus of Chemistry & Science Studies at Virginia Polytechnic Institute & State University and author of The Origin , Persistence And Failings Of HIV / AIDS Theory .
His website is http://www.failingsofhivaidstheory.homestead.com/
Short Introduction
YAMASA
is a highly regarded Japanese language school that has been operating for over
25 years
in Okazaki : a peaceful and highly livable community .
It has hosted students from over
80 countries
since it 's founding and provides
intensive and effective programs
and
unique elective classes
to meet your learning needs .
Additionally , we provide a wide selection of YAMASA owned apartments and dormitories for you to stay in whilst you study at our institute .
Furthermore , YAMASA employs a bevy of
highly professional teachers
and
supportive and internationally minded customer service staff
in order to make your time here as productive and comfortable as possible .
These are the very reasons that we are "
your world first choice
" for Japanese language education .
LWN , an excellent weekly publication about Linux and the OSS world in general started running a series of articles about the subtleties of memory from the view of a programmer .
What every programmer should know about memory , Part 1
Memory part 2 : CPU caches
The analysis of cache performance in multithreaded code surprised me .
In a multicore CPU with shared L2 cache , threads writing to the same data will actually perform terribly if the working set fits withing the L1 d-cache .
Figure 3.27 : Core 2 Bandwidth with 2
Threads shows this very nicely .
Performance improves again in the L2 where cache line locking is n’t an issue anymore .
Figure 3.29 : AMD Fam 10h Bandwidth with 2
Threads shows that this is n’t limited to the Core 2 either .
L2 is n’t shared so the L3 is the sweet spot for multithreaded performance .
The new system gives greater control to copyright owners
The new software should also allow video to be played offline , whether on computers or portable devices .
Flash is used on websites such as YouTube , the Google - owned video sharing site dogged by rows over the use of copyrighted material .
The launch comes as Microsoft took the wraps off its own competing online media platform , Silverlight .
The product - formerly dubbed WPF/E - also includes copyright protection .
The software giant has long wanted to take on Adobe 's dominance of online video , and has signed up several content providers including Netflix and Major League Baseball .
Online video explosion
Flash - originally popularised by Macromedia , a firm then bought by Adobe - has been the biggest player in online video for some time .
Its dominance has been secured by the huge popularity of both YouTube and dozens of other video sharing services .
Although there are programs and services available to pull content from such sites and convert them to be viewed offline , this is the first time Adobe has launched its own dedicated piece of software to make it possible .
But the big seller for Adobe is the ability to include in Flash movies so - called digital rights management ( DRM ) - allowing copyright holders to require the viewing of adverts , or restrict copying .
" Adobe has created the first way for media companies to release video content , secure in the knowledge that advertising goes with it , " James McQuivey , an analyst at Forrester Research said .
Content publishers are promised " better ways to deliver , monetize , brand , track and protect video content " .
The new software will be freely available in the same way as other products such as Acrobat Reader and Flash Player , for both Windows PCs and Apple 's Macintosh computers .
Microsoft is promising that Silverlight , too , will work with both Windows and Macs .
A comprehensive guide to British surnames , British last names , British surname meanings and British surname origins
The study of surnames , or family names , can be a useful tool in genealogy as well as being a fascinating topic in its own right .
Known variously as anthroponymy , anthroponomastics or onomastics , surname sudies can give a rich insight into the development of human society .
Surnames or last names ?
In England , surnames are also commonly known as last names due to the practice of writing the given names first and then the family name or surname last .
However , this is not necessarily true of other cultures , where the family name may be written first as part of a person 's full name .
It is , therefore , not always strictly correct to use the terms " surname " and " last name " interchangeably .
Although most British last names are surnames , this website generally sticks to the term " surname " in order to avoid ambiguity .
Other common synonyms for " surname " include cognomen , patronymic , metronymic and matronymic .
Common surname origins
Surnames were originally introduced into England by the Normans in 1066 , and the practice began to spread .
Initially , surnames were fluid and changed from generation to generation , or even as a person changed his job - " John Blacksmith " may have become " John Farrier " as his trade developed .
But by 1400 , surnames in England and lowland Scotland had mostly settled down and become hereditary .
What that means is that traditional English and lowland Scottish surnames predominantly reflect society as it was in the mid to late Middle Ages .
Common surnames such as Smith , Wright , Cook , Taylor and Turner are all based on a person 's trade or occupation , and these would have been common in that era .
other occupational names include Knight , Thatcher , Squire and Fletcher .
Another common source of surnames are nicknames or descriptive names .
Redhead , Black , Fox , Little and Armstrong all fall into this category .
Some of the oldest surnames are those derived from placenames .
These can include generic location names such as Heath and Dale , as well as specific places such as Preston and Stanley .
Other early surnames include those derived from the name of a parent .
For example , " David 's son " became Davidson or Davids , and " Peter 's son " became Peterson or Peters .
A very large number of Welsh surnames follow this pattern , with Jones ( from " John 's son " ) being the most common of all .
Finally , many given names evolved directly into surnames without any change .
Where a child was christened with two or more baptismal names , the last name would be adopted as a surname .
So the given names " John Gilbert " , for example , would result in later generations taking Gilbert as a surname .
Many of these surnames have outlasted the popularity of the given names from which they came - Lambert , Bennett , Hyde and Everard are all once - popular forenames that now exist predominantly as surnames .
As well as indigenous British surnames , immigration has also played a large part .
Cohen , Patel , Singh and Capaldi have all been brought to the UK from overseas .
What will you discover about your surname at BritishSurnames.co.uk ?
I have maintained throughout the war in Iraq that , even though it is Christianity above all religions that should be opposed to the evils of war , in the Church will be found some of the greatest supporters of the current war .
I have also maintained that much of the blame for Christian support for Bush and his war must be laid at the feet of the pastors , preachers , and priests who have failed to discern the truth and educate their congregations .
Yes , Christians are ultimately responsible for their support for or indifference to the latest government war .
Yes , Christians should not blindly follow their governmental and religious leaders .
Yes , Christians should be following the biblical admonition to “ prove all things ” ( 1 Thessalonians 5:21 ) .
And yes , Christians should be accessing the abundance of alternative news sources that are available .
But it is Christian leaders – many of whom could double as Republican Party operatives without changing their sermons – that bear special responsibility for the attitudes of love for the military , respect for the government , adoration of the president , and contempt for human life that exists among many Christians in the pew .
A typical example of a Christian leader who spouts pro-war propaganda from the pulpit is Pastor Tod Kennedy of the Spokane Bible Church in Spokane , Washington .
His attempt to justify Bush and his war can be seen in the seventeen - proposition presentation he calls “ The Doctrine of God and War . ”
A better title would be “ The Doctrine of a Christian Warmonger . ” Kennedy ’s First Proposition : Three Sources of War Kennedy does not get off to a good start .
His three sources of war turn out to be just two : man and Satan .
“ Man has a sinful nature , ” and Satan is “ the temporary ruler of this world ” and has “ his own world system which he promotes . ”
Kennedy ’s third source of war should have been God himself .
How could he forget that “ The LORD is a man of war ” ( Exodus 15:3 ) ?
What a perfect verse to bring up so that it could be twisted to justify the Iraq War !
Jerry Falwell did exactly that .
True , God brought the Jews “ out of the land of Egypt by their armies ” ( Exodus 12:2 ) , and true , God commanded the nation of Israel in the Old Testament to fight against heathen nations ( Judges 6:16 ) , but George Bush is not God , and America is not the nation of Israel .
So , even if Kennedy were smart enough to include God as a source of war , it still would not follow that God sponsored the war in Iraq and that we should pray that he would bless our troops .
It would not follow unless , of course , one was a Christian apologist for Bush and his war .
Kennedy ’s Second Proposition : War : A Continuing Fact of Life Kennedy correctly states that “ wars will continue to be fought and rumors of wars will continue to spread throughout the world until Jesus Christ personally rules the earth in the Millennial Kingdom . ”
True , but what is implied here is that Christians should n’t oppose the war in Iraq .
But just because wars have been fought since the beginning of time and will be fought until the end of time does n’t mean that Christians should advocate them , defend them , or participate in them .
Many evil things are continuing facts of life : murder , adultery , theft , assault .
Should Christians just excuse them as inevitable and never speak out against them ?
Should Christians justify participation in them because they are expected ?
Obviously not .
So why is war treated differently ?
Why do some Christians with an otherwise “ sound mind ” ( 2 Timothy 1:7 ) turn into babbling idiots when it comes to the subjects of war , the military , and killing for the state ?
Kennedy ’s Third Proposition : Only Spiritual Peace Is Possible Now Once again Kennedy makes a correct statement : “ There will be no world peace before Christ returns , but there can be spiritual peace . ”
But once again it is obvious – based on the design of his whole presentation – that he is implying that Christian indifference to , defense of , and participation in war is acceptable because there will be no world peace before Christ returns .
Not only should Kennedy have pointed out that “ being justified by faith , we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ ” ( Romans 5:1 ) , he should have pointed out that , even though there will be no world peace until the return of Christ , Christians are admonished in the New Testament about how they can and should live in peace :
“ Blessed are the peacemakers ” ( Matthew 5:9 )
“ Live peaceably with all men ” ( Romans 12:18 )
“ Follow peace with all men ” ( Hebrews 12:14 )
True , there will be no world peace before Christ returns , but this does n’t mean that Christians should contribute to the lack thereof .
Kennedy ’s Fourth Proposition : Preparation for War Reduces Warfare History has shown that it is in fact the exact opposite that is true : Preparation for war increases warfare .
Kennedy comments : “ War is an unwanted but real part of human history , and those who recognize this and prepare for war will have more freedom , more prosperity , and more peace than those who do not prepare and try to avoid war at any price ( Numbers 10.9 ; Judges 3.1 - 2 ; Ecclesiastes 3.8 ; Nehemiah 4.7- 22 ; Psalm 144.1 ; Proverbs 20.18 ; Proverbs 24.6 ) . ”
The U.S. government is preparing for war more now than at any time in history .
After a study of Bush ’s budget proposals for fiscal year 2008 , economist Robert Higgs reported that “ for now , however , the conclusion seems inescapable : the government is currently spending at the rate of approximately $ 1 trillion per year for all defense - related purposes . ”
It is preparing for defense that reduces warfare – just look at Switzerland .
Has the United States preparing for war brought us more freedom ?
Mr. Kennedy must never have flown on an airplane in the last few years .
The U.S. government has worked overtime to destroy our freedoms since the adoption of the tyrannical USA PATRIOT Act in 2001 .
American freedom , prosperity , and peace diminish the more that the U.S. government prepares for war .
Kennedy ’s Fifth Proposition : To Kill in Battle Is Not Murder
This is one of Kennedy ’s most dangerous propositions .
Yes , to kill in battle is not murder according to federal and state legal codes , but this is not what he is saying .
Kennedy is trying to sanctify killing for the state .
His first comment about his fifth proposition makes this clear : “ The killing of the enemy in war is not murder , nor a sin of any kind .
Exodus 20.13 refers to murder . ”
To prove that the sixth commandment is limited to just murder , Kennedy , like all Christian warmongers , refers to the Hebrew word underlying the prohibition against killing in the sixth commandment : “ The Hebrew word RATSACH , Strong # 7523 means murder or manslaughter . ”
[ I should point out that “ Strong ” is a reference to Strong ’s Concordance , which contains dictionaries of Hebrew and Greek words used in the Bible . ]
Since I have examined in great detail the “ sixth commandment only prohibits murder ” argument in a previous article , “ The Unholy Desire of Christians to Legitimize Killing in War , ” I would refer the reader to it , and also to the articles “ Humpty Dumpty Religion ” and “ Is It or Is n’t It ? ”
But what of Kennedy ’s ghastly proposal that it is not “ a sin of any kind ” to kill someone in war ?
He did not say killing in a just war or a defensive war ( as if there ’s a difference ) was not a sin , he said “ in war . ”
He did not specify whether the “ enemy ” one could kill was real or merely a creation of the U.S. government .
Is Kennedy saying that it is not a sin to travel thousands of miles from U.S. soil and kill someone who was not a threat to any Americans until the United States invaded his country because the government says he is the enemy and must be killed ?
I believe he is .
But if killing the enemy in war is not a sin , then Iraqis who kill American soldiers are not sinning either .
After all , they are fighting a defensive war against a real enemy who invaded them .
Contrary to Kennedy , I believe that killing someone in a preemptive war is a grave sin , even if that someone is a Muslim infidel .
Kennedy ’s Sixth Proposition : OT Biblical Words for Kill Here Kennedy lists three Old Testament Hebrew words that refer to killing :
NAKAH , Strong # 5221 legitimate killing in battle , to smite , sometimes with penalty .
RATSACH , Strong # 7523 command against murder .
Also used for nonpremeditated killing .
HARAG , Strong # 2026 , to kill by intention or accident .
And his point is ?
Although his intention is probably to show that “ the original Hebrew ” makes it clear that there are different types of killing in the Bible , Kennedy , like all wannabe Hebrew scholars , is saying nothing but look at how smart I am since I mentioned some Hebrew words .
Kennedy ’s Seventh Proposition : NT Biblical Words for Kill Here Kennedy lists two New Testament Greek words that refer to killing :
PHONEUO , Strong # 5407 , murder .
APOKTEINO , Strong # 615 , to kill , slay , put to death .
Once again , Kennedy is trying to impress us with his knowledge of the original languages .
And once again he is saying nothing .
In fact , he forgot to mention the other Greek words in the New Testament for kill : anaireo , thuo , thanatoo , diacheirizomai , and sphazo .
Kennedy ’s Eighth Proposition : God Is Not Anti-War
This is a very vague and misleading statement .
If God is not anti-war , then would it not mean that he would approve of China warring against Taiwan , India warring against Pakistan , and Russia warring against Chechnya ?
I presume it would also mean that God has not had a problem with any war that has ever been fought since he created man .
Obviously , this is not what Kennedy means .
So why does n’t he just come out and say that he thinks God approves of the war in Iraq ?
Or if he really wanted to be honest , he could say that he believes God endorses all American wars .
But did not Kennedy begin his presentation with the proposition that war occurs because “ man has a sinful nature ” and Satan rules the world and promotes his world system ?
How , then , can he claim that God is not anti-war ?
Kennedy ’s proof that God is not anti-war is that he “ sponsors just wars ” in the Old Testament to :
Remove degenerate nations ( Jericho – Joshua 5.13 – Joshua 6 ; Ai – Joshua 8 )
To defeat the enemies of Israel ( Hagrites – 1 Chronicles 5.18 - 22 )
To protect families and nations ( Nehemiah 4 )
To gain peace ( Ehud and Moabites – Judges 3.26 - 30 )
Although God sponsored these wars , and used his chosen nation ( Deuteronomy 7:6 - 7 ) to conduct them , it does not follow that God sponsors American wars or that America is God ’s chosen nation .
It does not follow unless , of course , one is a Christian apologist for the U.S. government and its wars .
Kennedy ’s Ninth Proposition : Military Service Is Necessary Necessary for what ?
Necessary for whom ?
All Kennedy says is this : “ It is necessary to gain national freedom , then to preserve national freedom ( Numbers 1.2-3 ; Numbers 31.1 - 5 ; Joshua 1.6-11 ; 11.23 ; Judges 8.1 ; 1 Chronicles 5.22 ; Psalm 18.34 ; Luke 14.31 ) . ”
First of all , the fact that Kennedy listed a number of Scripture references here means absolutely nothing .
Satan quoted Scripture when he tempted the Lord ( Matthew 4:5 ) .
The first five Old Testament references given by Kennedy all concern the necessity of military service for certain members of the nation of Israel .
The verse in First Chronicles simply states that a particular war “ was of God . ”
The verse in Psalms concerned King David personally .
The lone reference in the New Testament was to an illustration given by the Lord in which he mentioned a king warring against another king .
Kennedy is “ handling the word of God deceitfully ” ( 2 Corinthians 4:2 ) .
Americans have only twice in their history served in the military to “ gain national freedom ” : the Revolutionary War and the War for Southern Independence .
One of the greatest myths in America today is that the U.S. military exists to “ preserve national freedom . ”
The U.S. military is focused on fighting foreign wars , peacekeeping operations , regime changes , nation building , providing security for factions in foreign countries , humanitarian concerns , disaster relief , enforcing UN resolutions , and otherwise intervening in the affairs of other countries – anything but defending our freedoms .
It is not necessary for any American Christian to join the U.S. military for any reason – except , of course , to get money for college .
Kennedy ’s Tenth Proposition : Military Service Is Honorable Kennedy is on shaky ground here .
He begins with the statement : “ There is nothing in the New Testament prohibiting military service , training , or war . ”
Well , there is nothing in the New Testament prescribing them either .
Just like there is nothing in the New Testament condemning or commending abortion or smoking marijuana .
Kennedy continues : “ Christ , Luke , and Paul assume that military service is an honorable profession ; they accept the normal function of the military for national readiness , defense , and waging of legitimate war . ”
Christ ( Matthew 8.5-10 ; Luke 14.31 )
Luke ( Acts 10.1 - 3 , 22 -25 )
Paul ( Acts 23.11-35 ; 1 Corinthians 9.7 ; 2 Timothy 2.3-4 )
The bare fact that Christ , Luke , and Paul mentioned soldiers and warfare does not necessarily mean that they considered military service to be an honorable profession .
Christ elsewhere referred to publicans and harlots ( Matthew 21:31 ) .
Does Kennedy consider them to be honorable professions ?
Likewise , Solomon in the Old Testament mentioned the drunkard and the glutton ( Proverbs 23:21 ) .
Should we aspire to be like them ?
In the above Scripture passages , Christ and Paul each cite warfare in a neutral sense when giving an illustration .
Paul additionally refers to spiritual soldiers of Christ .
We know from Paul elsewhere that the weapons of these soldiers are not carnal ( 2 Corinthians 10:4 ) , and that they are armed with “ the sword of the spirit , which is the word of God ” ( Ephesians 6:17 ) .
But what about the actual soldiers described by Christ , Luke , and Paul ?
These are centurions .
There are at least eleven of them mentioned in the New Testament .
They are generally spoken of in a positive or neutral sense , except for the one who stood by when Paul was beaten ( Acts 22:25 ) and the one who “ believed the master and the owner of the ship , more than those things which were spoken by Paul ” ( Acts 27:11 ) .
I wonder why Kennedy did n’t bring up some other soldiers in the New Testament , like the ones who mocked , stripped , spit on , smote , and crucified the Lord Jesus ( Matthew 27:27 - 35 ) , the ones who cast lots for his garments ( John 19:23 - 24 ) , the ones who took bribes to say his body was stolen ( Matthew 28:12 - 15 ) , and the one who thrust a spear in his side ( John 19:34 ) ?
Kennedy is very selective about which soldiers are honorable .
If military service is an honorable profession , then was serving as an SS officer an “ honorable profession ” ?
What about serving as a guard at Auschwitz ?
Kennedy is implying that it is honorable to serve in the U.S. military .
But regardless of whether it was at one time honorable to serve in the military of some country , and regardless of whether it was at one time honorable to serve in the military of the United States , it is certainly not honorable now to serve in the U.S. military in any capacity .
Moreover , is it “ normal ” for a nation ’s military to station its military in three fourths of the world ’s countries ?
What do U.S. troops overseas in 150 different regions of the world have to do with “ national readiness , defense , and waging of legitimate war ” ?
Kennedy also remarks that “ God even commends those who wage war against aggressors ( Hebrews 11.22-34 ) . ”
Does he think that no one will bother to check the Scripture passages he lists to buttress his propositions ?
Hebrews 11:22 -34 is part of a series in which is mentioned instances of the faith of some famous Old Testament characters .
Hebrews 11:22 is about Joseph and his bones .
Hebrews 11:23 - 27 concerns
Moses being hid when he was born , refusing to be called Pharaoh ’s grandson , choosing to suffer with his people , forsaking Egypt , and keeping the Passover .
Hebrews 11:29 refers to the nation of Israel going through the Red Sea .
Hebrews 11:30 tells about the walls of Jericho falling down .
Hebrews 11:31 brings up the harlot Rahab receiving spies with peace .
Hebrews 11:32 mentions the names of Gideon , Barak , Samson , Jephthah , David , Samuel , and “ the prophets . ”
It is only when we get to Kennedy ’s last two verses that we see something that is remotely related to someone waging “ war against aggressors . ”
Hebrews 11:33 - 34 tells us that these individuals “ subdued kingdoms , ” “ waxed valiant in fight , ” and “ turned to flight the armies of the aliens . ”
True , they did wage war against aggressors , but that is not the whole story .
They were Jews who waged war against the people that God told them to wage war against .
They were not Christians fighting a crusade against Islamofascism .
And by no stretch of the imagination do their actions imply that God wants the U.S. military to wage war against Iraqis .
If God “ commends those who wage war against aggressors , ” then he should be pouring out his blessings on Iraq since it is the United States that is clearly the aggressor .
Does this mean that Iraqis are justified in killing U.S. soldiers ?
It would have to .
So Kennedy is not only dishonest , he is once again “ handling the word of God deceitfully ” ( 2 Corinthians 4:2 ) .
Kennedy ’s Eleventh Proposition : Jesus Christ is a Battlefield Commander
This proposition seems to be provocative , but is nevertheless true , as Kennedy explains : Jesus Christ has in the past and will in the future serve as a battlefield commander .
He is called “ LORD of Hosts ” or “ LORD of the Armies ” and “ a warrior . ”
He has killed thousands of enemy soldiers and will do so in the future ( Exodus 14.13-14 , 25 ; 15.3 ; Isaiah 37.33-37 ; Zechariah 14.1 - 5 ; Revelation 19.11-15 ) .
The enemy soldiers referenced in the past are the Egyptians and the Assyrians ; the ones in the future are rebellious nations at the Second Advent of Christ .
The problem here is a simple one : American military officers are not surrogates for Jesus Christ .
Whatever Jesus Christ did or will do has absolutely no relevance to what the U. S. military does in Iraq or anywhere else , except , of course , in the depraved mind of a Christian warmonger .
The Bible says that “ in righteousness ” Jesus Christ “ doth judge and make war . ”
There is nothing righteous about the actions of U.S. battlefield commanders .
Kennedy ’s Twelfth Proposition : Bully Nations and Aggressors Here Kennedy makes a true statement : “ Bully nations and aggressors use propaganda to persuade other nations not to resist their attacks .
The propaganda appeals to the cowards and u2018 peace at any price people ’ ( Isaiah 36 - 37 ) . ”
The chapters he references in Isaiah concern Sennacherib the king of Assyria and Hezekiah the king of Israel .
Assyria was the bully and aggressor nation , and did use propaganda .
However , Hezekiah prayed to the Lord and the angel of the Lord smote the Assyrians , not the Israeli army , so no parallel can be drawn to the U.S. military fighting against bully and aggressor nations .
And regarding bully nations , with hundreds of bases on foreign soil and troops in 150 different locations around the world , it is the United States that is the biggest bully on the block .
We are the largest and most dangerous aggressor nation – just ask two million dead Vietnamese and Cambodians if you ever get the chance .
Kennedy ’s Thirteenth Proposition : Unjust Aggression
Is Wrong Since Kennedy remarks here : “ The Lord is against unjust aggression , ” he ought to be speaking out about how God is against the United States since the Iraq War is nothing but unjust aggression .
But like many pastors , preachers , and priests , Kennedy is saying just the opposite .
He simply does n’t believe that the United States commits unjust aggression .
How could he ?
If the war in Iraq is not unjust aggression , then nothing the United has ever done , or will do in the future , could possibly be labeled unjust aggression .
Kennedy ’s Fourteenth Proposition : Anti-War People Misuse Scripture
This is an incredible proposition since it is Kennedy who has misused Scripture throughout all of his propositions thus far .
He comments : “ There are certain passages that anti-war people use to try to condemn all warfare .
Each passage can be explained .
None say that military service , war , or killing the enemy in battle is wrong . ”
Kennedy cites Exodus 20:13 , Isaiah 2:4 with Joel 3:9-10 , and Matthew 5:9 , 43 - 44 .
Well , since none say these things are right either then Kennedy has not proved his point .
Exodus 20:13 is , of course , the sixth commandment : “ Thou shalt not kill . ”
I have discussed this above under Kennedy ’s fifth proposition , “ To Kill in Battle Is Not Murder . ”
The references in Isaiah and Joel are prophetic passages about people beating swords into plowshares and plowshares into swords .
I may have missed something , but I am not aware of any “ anti- war people ” misusing these passages to condemn all warfare .
The verses in Joel can actually be used to their advantage by “ pro-war people . ”
The verses in Matthew are part of the well - known Sermon on the Mount .
Kennedy does n’t like them because they talk about being a peacemaker and turning the other cheek .
But I , one of the “ anti- war people ” that Kennedy speaks about , would be among the first to acknowledge that they would not prevent a nation from waging a just ; that is , a defensive war .
On the Sermon on the Mount , see my article “ The Warmonger ’s Beatitudes . ” Kennedy ’s Fifteenth Proposition : Warfare and the New Testament Kennedy asks and then answers a good question .
He asks : “ Why does the New Testament not emphasize physical warfare ? ”
He answers : “ New Testament addressed primarily to believers , residents of God ’s spiritual kingdom , who engage in spiritual warfare .
The spiritual battle is still set within context of nations in conflict , nations who continually replay the story , begun by Satan , of pride and rebellion . ”
It would have been better , of course , if Kennedy had said that the New Testament does n’t emphasize physical warfare because it is contrary to the tenor of the New Testament , an affront to the Savior , and a blight on Christianity .
Kennedy ’s Sixteenth Proposition : Just War Doctrine Kennedy ’s sixteenth proposition actually consists of five segments : a brief introduction to just war theory as articulated by Thomas Aquinas followed by four groups of quotes from Aquinas , Augustine , and Luther .
Aquinas ’s three requirements for just war are stated to be :
The leader of a nation has the authority and responsibility to wage war to protect the citizens from external enemies .
A nation wages war to avenge an attack or a wrong inflicted .
A nation must wage war to advance good or to avoid evil .
The quotes he gives by Aquinas and Augustine back up these requirements .
There are two problems here .
One , Kennedy begins with Aquinas and backs him up with Augustine instead of beginning with Paul and backing him up with Jesus ; that is , he appeals to men instead of Scripture .
And two , as I have previously pointed out :
This war in particular is a great evil , for a just war , rather than being an offensive , preemptive , open - ended , “ shock and awe ” campaign , must have a just cause , be in proportion to the gravity of the situation , have obtainable objectives , and only be undertaken as a last resort .
If there was ever a war that violated every one of these principles it is the Iraq war .
To supplement Aquinas and Augustine , Kennedy quotes Luther : “ Without armaments peace can not be kept ; wars are waged not only to repel injustice but also to establish a firm peace . ”
But since the American invasion of Iraq was itself a great injustice , and has done anything but establish a firm peace , nothing Luther said can be used to defend the actions of the United States in Iraq .
Kennedy must have missed Luther ’s statement about a soldier obeying God rather than men and refusing to go to war if the cause is unjust .
Kennedy ’s Seventeenth Proposition : Protection of America Kennedy ’s seventeenth proposition contains six segments : an introduction , two selections from the Constitution , three groups of quotes by President Bush , and a conclusion to the entire series of propositions that should have been his eighteenth proposition .
He begins :
The leader or leadership of a nation must protect that nation .
The king , president , premier , constitution , or other authority has the God - ordained responsibility to protect the people under his authority .
If an aggressor makes plans or does attack , the leadership must take military action to protect his nation .
Failure to do so is failure to fulfill his biblical mandate ( Romans 13.1 - 6 ) .
With the exception of the last sentence ( Romans 13 has nothing to do with national defense ) , there is nothing wrong with Kennedy ’s opening statement .
However , he goes downhill from there .
He next makes the claim that “ the Constitution gives the President the responsibility and the authority , as commander in chief of the military , to wage war for the protection of the nation and its citizens . ”
But this is not backed up by the two selections he makes from the Constitution .
Kennedy quotes the passage from Article II , Section 2 , where the president is designated the commander in chief of the armed forces .
This he says to “ compare with Article I , Section 8 , “ The Congress shall have power … to declare war . ”
It is Congress that has the responsibility and authority to “ wage war for the protection of the nation and its citizens . ”
Kennedy has the proverbial cart before the horse .
The quotes from Bush are pathetic :
We do n’t need anybody ’s permission [ to defend our country ] ….
I will not leave the American people at the mercy of the Iraqi dictator and his weapons .
But [ Saddam should disarm ] in the name of peace and the security of the world .
If he wo n’t do so voluntarily , we will disarm him .
I ’m convinced that a liberated Iraq will be important for that part of the world .
My faith sustains me because I pray daily , I pray for guidance and wisdom and strength … .
If we were to commit our troops – if we were to commit our troops – I would pray for their safety , and I would pray for innocent Iraqi lives as well .
These statements are pathetic because , first of all , the United States was never in danger from the Iraqi dictator and his weapons .
He was a monster of our own creation , contrary to the foreign policy of John Quincy Adams .
Secondly , why do n’t we disarm China , Russia , Israel , or the other countries that have real weapons of mass destruction ?
Who are we to demand that Iraq disarm ?
And thirdly , that is some liberation job we did in Iraq .
There are 500,000 dead Iraqis who care not a whit for our liberation of their country .
Oh , and I wonder how many innocent Iraqi lives that Bush ever prayed for ?
Perhaps Kennedy should have quoted Bush on how Iraq was not responsible for the September 11th attacks , and how most of the intelligence he relied on turned out to be wrong .
The last part of Kennedy ’s seventeenth proposition asks the question : “ So What does this mean to me ? ”
He answers :
Military service is honorable .
It is not sin or wrong to kill the enemy in war ; it is right and it is my duty .
Just wars must be fought to protect and preserve life and freedom .
Aggressors who threaten our life and freedom must be removed – most often by death in war .
Those who refuse to fight or support our military in just wars are either cowards or confused .
The President of the United States has a responsibility to seek out and kill those who attack us .
I am responsible to pray for my President and leaders .
I would rephrase this somewhat : Military service in the current U.S. military is not honorable .
It is a sin and a wrong to kill an enemy in an unjust war that has been created by the government .
It is not right and it is not the duty of any Christian to fight the state ’s unjust wars .
We should stop giving aggressors who threaten our life and freedom just cause to aggress against us .
But even this does n’t apply to Saddam Hussein since Iraq was no threat to our life and freedom .
Those who refuse to fight or support our military in unjust wars like the war in Iraq are heroes and informed .
I am responsible to pray for my President and leaders , but I should pray that he and they stop the unjust aggression that is the war in Iraq .
Conclusion Following Kennedy ’s seventeenth proposition , he concludes with what he calls “ Freedom ’s Call ” – an excerpt from Patrick Henry ’s “ Give me liberty , or give me death ” speech .
The implication is that the current war in Iraq is somehow on the same level as the American Revolutionary War .
Nothing , of course , could be further from the truth .
Tod Kennedy may be a godly man , a dedicated pastor , and a gifted Bible teacher , but he is a terribly deceived Christian warmonger .
He owes his congregation an apology for leading them astray because he is such an apologist for Bush and his war .
The presentation by Pastor Kennedy that I have critiqued is dated 2003 .
Perhaps he has changed his views .
If he has then he should change his presentation or remove it from his church ’s website .
But even if he has changed his mind about Bush and the war , many other evangelicals have n’t , and would make the same arguments that Kennedy has made .
A recent poll conducted by Christianity Today magazine asked the question : “ Do evangelicals need a time of repentance for the Iraq war ? ” I am sorry to have to report that 38 percent of respondents ( a plurality ) answered : “ No .
The war in Iraq was necessary and justified . ”
Such is the doctrine of Christian warmongers .
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
The Diamond synchrotron 's powerful light source could be used on a variety of scientific projects , including deciphering ancient manuscripts .
Image courtesy Diamond Light Source
By the numbers , the Diamond synchrotron facility in Oxfordshire , England , was a massive undertaking .
The particle accelerator cost more than $ 500 million to build and is housed in a circular building equal in size to five soccer fields .
It also produces a highly focused beam of light " 10 billion times brighter than the Sun " [ source : BBC News ] .
This incredibly powerful light source and the technological might behind it have many potential scientific applications .
But it may surprise you that the Diamond synchrotron could produce its most important discoveries in the field of theology .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Scientists hope to use light from the Diamond synchrotron to " read " ancient texts that have suffered significant damage .
Although the discovery of an ancient scroll or manuscript represents a major achievement for archaeologists , anthropologists and other researchers , frequently , these texts are too fragile to open or simply too faded or damaged to read .
With the Diamond synchrotron , scientists hope to get around that problem -- this particle accelerator allows scientists to read some books without even opening them .
The synchrotron emits a powerful X - ray that , when applied to a scroll , allows scientists to produce a 3 - D image of the text .
With the aid of computer imaging software , scientists then separate the various layers of the image to reconstruct the pages of the book or scroll .
In some cases , the text is then readable .
The technique has already been successfully applied to texts written with iron gall ink , which scribes began using in the 12th century .
Because these parchments contain iron from the ink , applying X - rays results in the formation of an absorption image , distinguishing traces of ink from parchment .
A similar technique has been used on parts of the Dead Sea Scrolls , which researchers were wary about , for fear of damaging them .
Once the process of reading texts is improved , it could be used to read a variety of books and manuscripts that have , because of their poor condition , made deciphering their meaning difficult .
Many ancient texts are written on parchment made of dried animal skin .
Over time , collagen in the parchment turns into gelatin , causing the parchment and text to deteriorate .
Scientists can use the Diamond synchrotron to learn how much of a parchment 's collagen has become gelatin and the parchment 's level of decay .
They also hope to develop new insights into how to preserve manuscripts and to recover those believed to have been lost to the effects of the environment and time .
The Diamond synchrotron 's powerful light source emits many types of light , allowing researchers to produce images of objects on the atomic level .
On the next page , we 'll take a closer look at the technology behind the Diamond synchrotron and other synchrotrons .
We 'll also find out what else scientists hope to learn from the Diamond synchrotron .
By PETER ALLEN
Last updated at 18:38 01 October 2007
The world 's first face transplant recipient has spoken of her horror at " living " with the features of a suicide victim .
Isabelle Dinoire , a 40 - year - old divorcee from Valenciennes , northern France , underwent the groundbreaking operation almost two years ago .
Surgeons replaced the nose , lips and chin of Miss Dinoire with those of 47 - year - old Maryline St Aubert , a schoolteacher who hanged herself in nearby Lille .
Scroll down for more ...
Since then Miss Dinoire has learnt to eat again , to speak properly , and to pull a range of expressions which make her feel ' " completely normal " .
But in a revealing book in which she speaks of her new life , Miss Dinoire says she was initially filled with self - disgust .
" Having the inside of the mouth of someone else - it did n't belong to me .
It was atrocious , " said Miss Dinoire , a divorced mother - of - two .
" One day I said , ' My nose is itching ' .
I looked at my daughter and said : ' That 's nonsense .
It 's not my nose .
I have a nose that is itching ' . "
Miss Dinoire has also noticed that a hair had sprouted from her chin .
" I had never had one .
You knew it 's yours but at the same time ' she ' is there .
I am making her live , but that hair is hers , " she says in Le baiser d'Isabelle ( Isabelle 's Kiss ) , a book by Noëlle Châtelet .
Kissing also remains beyond Miss Dinoire , with a doctor telling her : " If we do the operation like that , I guarantee that you will be able to eat .
" But the one thing which no - one is sure of is that if one day you will be able to kiss . "
Although Miss Dinoire 's mouth no longer hangs open , co-ordinating her face muscles into a kiss remains an extremely difficult gesture .
" I 'm battling , I 'm continuing to try and get there .
When I hear people say I will never get there it gives me even more determined , " she said .
Before her operation , Miss Dinoire divorced Vincent Guarendelli , the father of their girls , Lucie 18 , and Laure , 14 , who now live away from their mother .
Each week Miss Dinoire still has travel to Amiens where she undergoes a battery of tests , re-education sessions , and spends time with her dedicated psychologist , Sophie Crimades .
Miss Dinoire must also occasionally make the far longer journey to the southeastern city of Lyon - some 300 miles away - where she receives more complicated anti-rejection treatments .
Scroll down for more ...
While the lifelong drug treatment is something she feels she can learn to accept , it is the persistent thought that her body could reject the skin graft which worries her most .
Miss Dinoire has to examine a small patch of skin on her stomach - known as a " sentinel " - a number of times a day to make sure there is nothing wrong .
If there is she can sound the alarm immediately .
As early as December 2005 there was a terrifying scare when she appeared to be rejecting the new tissue , but a course of steroids averted the crisis .
Her powerful anti-rejection drugs will suppress her immune system for the rest of her life -- making her more vulnerable to infection , as well as serious diseases including cancer .
There is a 10 per cent chance of rejection in the first year , rising to 50 per cent in the next five to 10 years .
Britain's Royal College of Surgeons reported in 2003 that the psychological consequences of going through such a rejection would be " immense " .
To reduce the chances of rejection further she will receive injections of bone marrow cells from Miss St Aubert 's body .
In the past Miss Dinoire has frequently complained about feeling " under siege " from those interested in the operation , so the new book is something of a departure .
Miss Dinoire , who used to work selling knitting materials but was officially unemployed for around a year before her disfigurement , said : " I am recognised by almost everybody in the street nowadays .
That is the main reason that I do not like going out alone .
" My ambition after the operation was to study accounting and to open a baby clothes shop .
Getting a proper job may now be impossible . "
I am not afraid of flying .
I am in terror of airport security .
I drove to Chicago , rather than fly because I feel fear for my life when I deal with security .
They treat 45 year old housewives like terrorists .
They arrest people who clazim to be sick , but do n't give them medical attention .
Then they tell incredible stories .
They claim that she strangled herself :
Carol Anne Gotbaum , 45 , of the upper West Side , died less than an hour later , after cops claim she apparently strangled herself while trying to escape from the handcuffs in a holding cell at Phoenix Sky Harbor International Airport .
The story of her strangling herself seems less than likely to me .
It appears to be physically difficult , if not impossible for her to have done this to herself .
A CNN commenter nails it :
First off unless she is a contortionist I can't for the life of me figure out how she got the cuffs around her neck , as the obvious means to get your hands to the front of your body would be to bring them under you butt and under your legs .
I'm a Professional Escape Artist and the average person could not bring them up over their heads without proper practice and training .
So I would definetly question this situation that the police stated happened , " by accident " .
It sounds to me that it was staged .
Secondly from what I know here in NY a prisoner is not to be left in a cell with just handcuffs on unless the cell is watched by video with someone monitoring it or an officer can view the cells physically .
Something definetely stinks in this situation and unfortunately we have again another police / security situation of people not doing their jobs and a person who 's only crime was missing a flight .
The response from the police was incredible and still can't figure out why they made the statement that she was n't tazer 'd or pepper sprayed .
I guess if they did n't do that then what they did was right
Experts interviewed by the MSM said the same thing . ( update 2 )
But former law enforcement officers and police tactics trainers said it would be very unusual for that to happen .
" I can't imagine anatomically how you could do that , " said Roy Bedard , a former police officer who now trains officers in defense tactics , including how to use handcuffs and other restraints .
" I have a hard time seeing how you could get tangled up in them . "
There are not many facts presented in the reports , but if she claimed to be sick she should have been given medical attention and not left alone .
If this could happen to a 45 year old housewife , who is a family member of one of New York 's leading families , it could happen to anyone .
Update ( Note : I have been struggling to even add comments to my diary because my computer is tied up by the script with all the comments . )
Her family has hired a well - known Arizona attorney to investigate .
He explained that she was flying to Tucson for treatment for alcoholism .
He did not explain that alcoholics who have gone dry are subject to panic attacks .
I know .
My sister was an alcoholic .
The behavior described in the airport reminds me of several times my sister had gone dry while visiting Los Angeles .
She started going into complete panic .
I suspect Carol Gotbaum panicked when she missed her flight
Here 's an interesting documentary explaining why recycling is mostly a total waste of time , money and resources .
Enjoy the show .
Sorry , the video is n't available anymore , but if you are interested in getting the penn & teller bullshit dvd boxsets , they are available at amazon.com for a reasonable price .
If you enjoyed this post , take a few seconds of your time and subscribe to our feed !
[ GAS ] is updated multiple times per day and is enjoyed by over 150000 unique visitors each month .
Related post : Environmental Hysteria is Bullshit !
Special announcement : AllAdvantage is Back : Get Paid to Surf the Web !
If you use the C language , you may have probably wanted to pack your structures so no alignment is done by the compiler .
This can be useful for example to build network packets .
You can find the basics of packed structures using GCC , here or here .
If everything seems clear , why am I writing this ?
Today , a coworker has found a bug related to packed structures .
The issue was with internal structures ( i.e. a substructure ) .
A year ago , or so , I knew that substructures were not packed even if its enclosing structure is packed , but it seems I forgot about it , so I have decided that it was worth writing it here so I do not forget it again ( I ’m sure I will ) .
I will take the example found in GCC documentation ( only since version 3.4.0 ) .
Suppose you have the following code :
struct my_unpacked_struct { char c ; int i ; } ; struct my_packed_struct { char c ; int i ; struct my_unpacked_struct s ; } __attribute__ ( ( __packed__ ) ) ; struct my_packed_struct my = { .c = 10 , .i = 20 , .s.c = 30 , .s.i = 40 } ;
If we generate the assembly for this ( I have omitted some things not needed for the example ) , we will get :
. globl _my .data _my : . byte 10 <--- c .long 20 <--- i .byte 30 <--- s.c . space 3 <--- 3 bytes of alignment .long 40 <--- s.i
As you can see , the compiler has not aligned the internal structure , but the enclosing one .
So , what you need to do if you want the internal structure also packed is to pack my_unpacked_struct :
struct my_unpacked_struct { char c ; int i ; } __attribute__ ( ( __packed__ ) ) ;
Now , we get what we initially expected :
. globl _my .data _my : . byte 10 <--- c .long 20 <--- i .byte 30 <--- s.c .long 40 <--- s.i
Packing the whole structure my_unpacked _struct is fine if you do not use it anywhere else , but it would be great to use variable attributes ( we have used type attributes so far ) , so we could only pack the internal substructure variable like this ( it does n’t work ) :
struct my_packed_struct { char c ; int i ; struct my_unpacked_struct s __attribute__ ( ( __packed__ ) ) ; } __attribute__ ( ( __packed__ ) ) ;
Update 2007/07/25 : read the first comment to understand why the variable attribute is not working in this case .
By the way , in the example I have initialized the structure my using designated initializers .
And remember , be careful with packed structures !
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
The G8 agreed to increase aid from rich countries by $ 48bn a year by 2010 .
When Tony Blair announced this to parliament , he said that " in addition ... we agreed to cancel 100 % of the multilateral debts " of the most indebted countries .
He also stated that aid would come with no conditions attached .
These were big claims , all of which can now be shown to be false .
First , in recent evidence to the Treasury committee , Gordon Brown made the astonishing admission that the aid increase includes money put aside for debt relief .
So the funds rich countries devote to writing off poor countries ' debts will be counted as aid .
Russia 's increase in " aid " will consist entirely of write - offs .
A third of France 's aid budget consists of money for debt relief ; much of this will be simply a book - keeping exercise worth nothing on the ground since many debts are not being serviced .
The debt deal is not " in addition " to the aid increase , as Blair claimed , but part of it .
Far from representing a " 100 % " debt write - off , the deal applies initially to only 18 countries , which will save just $ 1bn a year in debt - service payments .
The 62 countries that need full debt cancellation to reach UN poverty targets are paying 10 times more in debt service .
And recently leaked World Bank documents show that the G8 agreed only three years ' worth of debt relief for these 18 countries .
They state that " countries will have no benefit from the initiative " unless there is " full donor financing " .
The deal also involves debts only to the International Monetary Fund , the World Bank and the African Development Bank , whereas many countries have debts to other organisations .
It is a kick in the teeth for the African Union , whose recent summit called for " full debt cancellation for all African nations " .
The government 's claim that debt relief will free up resources for health and education is also a deception .
The deal explicitly says that those countries receiving debt relief will have their aid cut by the same amount .
If , say , Senegal is forgiven $ 100 m a year in debt service , World Bank lending will be slashed by the same amount .
That sum will be retained in the World Bank pot for lending across all poor countries , but only when they sign up to World Bank / IMF economic policy conditions .
And this leads to the third false claim .
Blair 's assertion that aid will come with no conditions is contradicted by Hilary Benn , his development secretary , who told a parliamentary committee on July 19 that " around half " of World Bank aid programmes have privatisation conditions .
Recent research by the NGO network Eurodad shows that conditions attached to World Bank aid are rising .
Benin , for example , now has to meet 130 conditions to qualify for aid , compared with 58 in the previous agreement .
Eleven of 13 countries analysed have to promote privatisation to receive World Bank loans , the two exceptions having already undergone extensive privatisation programmes .
Yet in the G8 press conference Blair refuted the suggestion that privatisation would be a condition for aid .
According to recently leaked documents , four rich - country representatives to the IMF board want to add yet more conditions to debt relief .
This will be a key topic for discussion at the IMF 's annual meeting the week after the millennium summit .
The British government opposes new conditions but continues to support overall conditionality .
This makes a mockery of Brown and Blair 's claim that poor countries are now free to decide their own policies .
It is true that the G8 communique stated that " developing countries ... need to decide , plan and sequence their economic policies to fit with their own development strategies " .
Yet it also stated that " African countries need to build a much stronger investment climate " and increase " integration into the global economy " - code for promoting free trade - and that aid resources would be focused on countries meeting these objectives .
Poor countries are free to do what rich countries tell them .
The cost is huge .
Christian Aid estimates that Africa has lost $ 272bn in the past 20 years from being forced to promote trade liberalisation as the price for receiving World Bank loans and debt relief .
The draft outcome of the millennium summit says nothing about abolishing these conditions and contains little to address Africa 's poverty .
With only a few weeks to go , massive pressure needs to be brought to bear .
· Mark Curtis is the author of Unpeople : Britain 's Secret Human Rights Abuses
www.markcurtis.info
Democrats introduce Bush , Cheney , Gonzales censure resolutions in House and Senate Nick Juliano
Published : Monday August 6 , 2007
Print This Email This Democrats in the House and Senate have introduced resolutions calling for the censure of President Bush , Vice President Dick Cheney and Attorney General Alberto Gonzales .
Sen .
Russ Feingold sponsored two resolutions in his chamber calling for the legislative action against the administration officials because of they misled the country in pursuing war with Iraq and have undermined the rule of law , he said .
" These censure resolutions will let future generations know that Congress stood up to the destructive policies of this administration that have weakened our national security , cost more than 3,600 American lives , and undermined the principles on which our country was founded , " Feingold said in a prepared statement .
Rep. Maurice Hinchey ( D - NY ) introduced companion legislation in the House .
 From misleading this country into invading Iraq to establishing a warrantless domestic spy program , this White House has continuously misled and deceived the American people while disregarding the rule of law that guides our democracy ,  Hinchey said in a prepared statement .
 The Bush administration has placed an extraordinary burden on this and future generations to recover from the damage done to our Constitution and national security . "
The nonbinding resolutions , which simply express the formal displeasure of the House and Senate , were viewed as not good enough by some Bush administration critics .
Brad Friedman , writing on his blog , said Congress should instead work to impeach Bush and Cheney .
He noted that the charges outlined in the censure resolution " read like a swell description of Impeachable High Crimes and Misdemeanors " and said it was the " constitutional duty " of members of Congress to work to oust the pair from the White House .
" Then again , courage of conviction is not something Democrats are too often accused of , " Friedman wrote .
One set of resolutions , aimed at Bush and Cheney , condemn the pair for misleading Americans about threats posed by Saddam Hussein 's regime and the dictator 's links to al Qaeda and 9/11 .
The resolution also claims the president and vice president inadequately prepared for the invasion and its aftermath , stretching military forces thin .
Another set of resolutions says Bush and Gonzales should be censured because of their authorization of a warrantless wiretapping program , improper treatment of foreign detainees and their obstruction of investigations into the firing of US Attorneys .
The censure resolutions have 19 co-sponsors in the House .
Both are co-sponsored by Sen. Tom Harkin ( D - IA ) in that chamber , and Sen. Barbara Boxer ( D - CA ) has signed on to the resolution regarding Iraq .
Developing ...
Working
Prior sexual stimulation is required for experiencing the effect of Kamagra .
Sildenafil is a potent PDE 5 inhibitor .
It inhibits the action of PDE - 5 enzyme present inside the penile region in large quantities .
This inhibitory action stops the degradation of an endogenous chemical called cGMP .
This substance helps in the relaxation of smooth muscles and dilation of the blood vessels inside the penile region .
The dilated blood vessels boost the amount of blood reaching the penile organ .
A sufficient quantity of blood supply produces a firm and strong penile erection necessary for satisfactory sexual intercourse .
The action of Kamagra can be seen within 30 to 60 minutes post oral administration .
Its effect lasts for about four to five hours on average .
Kamagra is sold in doses such as 25 mg , 50mg , and 100 mg .
The usual starting dose is 50mg .
However , the dose can be increased or decreased depending on the severity of the condition , medical history and response to the treatment .
Publisher 's note : Chapters 1 and 3 of this book were previously published in George Orwell 's 1984 ( London : 1949 ) .
This edition is complete and unexpurgated .
Contents
Chapter 1 : Ignorance is Strength
Chapter 2 : Freedom is Slavery
Chapter 3 : War is Peace
Chapter 4 : God is Power
Chapter 5 : The Proles
Chapter 1 : Ignorance is Strength
Throughout recorded time , and probably since the end of the Neolithic Age , there have been three kinds of people in the world , the High , the Middle , and the Low .
They have been subdivided in many ways , they have borne countless different names , and their relative numbers , as well as their attitude toward one another , have varied from to age to age ; but the essential structure of society has never altered .
Even after enormous upheavals and seemingly irrevocable changes , the same pattern has always reasserted itself , just as a gyroscope will always return to equilibrium , however far it is pushed one way or the other .
The aims of these three groups are entirely irreconcilable .
The aim of the High is to remain where they are .
The aim of the Middle is to change places with the High .
The aim of the Low , when they have an aim -- for it is an abiding characteristic of the Low that they are too much crushed by drudgery to be more than intermittently conscious of anything outside their daily lives -- is to abolish all distinctions and create a society in which all men shall be equal .
Thus throughout history a struggle which is the same in its main outlines recurs over and over again .
For long periods the High seem to be securely in power , but sooner or later there always comes a moment when they lose either their belief in themselves , or their capacity to govern efficiently or both .
They are then overthrown by the Middle , who enlist the Low on their side by pretending to them that they are fighting for liberty and justice .
As soon as they have reached their objective , the Middle thrust the Low back into their old position of servitude , and themselves become the High .
Presently a new Middle group splits off from one of the other groups , or from both of them , and the struggle begins over again .
Of the three groups , only the Low are never even temporarily successful in achieving their aims .
It would be an exaggeration to say that throughout history there has been no progress of a material kind .
Even today , in a period of decline , the average human being is physically better off than he was a few centuries ago .
But no advance in wealth , no softening of manners , no reform or revolution has ever brought human equality a millimeter nearer .
From the point of view of the Low , no historic change has ever meant much more than a change in the name of their masters .
By the late nineteenth century the recurrences of this pattern had become obvious to many observers .
There then arose schools of thinkers who interpreted history as a cyclical process and claimed to show that inequality was the unalterable law of human life .
This doctrine , of course , had always had its adherents , but in the manner in which it was now put forward there was a significant change .
In the past the need for a hierarchical form of society had been the doctrine specifically of the High .
It had been preached by kings and aristocrats and by the priests , lawyers , and the like who were parasitical upon them , and it had generally been softened by promises of compensation in an imaginary world beyond the grave .
The Middle , so long as it was struggling for power , had always made use of such terms as freedom , justice and fraternity .
Now , however , the concept of human brotherhood began to be assailed by people who were not yet in positions of command , but merely hoped to be so before long .
In the past the Middle had made revolutions under the banner of equality , and then had established a fresh tyranny as soon as the old ones were overthrown .
The new Middle groups in effect proclaimed their tyranny beforehand .
The new movements , of course , grew out of the old ones and tended to keep their names and pay lip - service to their ideology .
But the purpose of all of them was to arrest progress and freeze history at a chosen moment .
The familiar pendulum swing was to happen once more , and then stop .
As usual , the High were to be turned out by the Middle , who would then become the High ; but this time , by conscious strategy , the High would be able to maintain their position permanently .
The new " spectacular " doctrines arose partly because of the accumulation of historical knowledge , and the growth of the historical sense , which had hardly existed before the nineteenth century .
The cyclical movement of history was now intelligible , or appeared to be so ; and if it was intelligible , then it was alterable .
But the principal , underlying cause was that , as early as the beginning of the twentieth century , human equality had become technically possible .
It was still true that people were not equal in their native talents and that functions had to be specialized in ways that favored some individuals against others ; but there was no longer any real need for class distinctions or for large differences of wealth .
In earlier ages , class distinctions had been not only inevitable but desirable .
Inequality was the price of civilization .
With the development of machine production , however , the case was altered .
Even if it were still necessary for human beings to do different kinds of work , it was no longer necessary for them to live at different social or economic levels .
Therefore , from the point of view of the new groups that were on the point of seizing power , human equality was no longer an ideal to be striven after , but a danger to be averted .
And so the idea of earthly paradise -- which had haunted the human imagination for thousands of years -- came into discredit at exactly the moment when it became realizable .
Every new political theory , by whatever name it called itself , led back to hierarchy and regimentation .
As compared with their opposite numbers in past ages , the new aristocracy was less avaricious , less tempted by luxury , hungrier for pure power , and , above all , more conscious of what they were doing and more intent on crushing opposition .
This last difference was cardinal .
By comparison with that existing today , all the tyrannies of the past were half - hearted and inefficient .
The ruling groups were always infected to some extent by liberal ideas , and were content to leave loose ends everywhere , to regard only the overt act , and to be uninterested in what their subjects were thinking .
Even the Catholic Church of the Middle Ages was tolerant by modern standards .
Part of the reason for this was that in the past no government had the power to keep its citizens under constant surveillance .
The invention of print , however , made it easier to manipulate public opinion , and the film and the radio carried the process further .
With the development of television and the personal computer , and the technical advances which made it possible to receive and transmit simultaneously on the same instrument , private life came to an end .
Every citizen , or at least every citizen important enough to be worth watching , could be kept for twenty - four - hours a day under the eyes of the police and in the sound of official propaganda , with all other channels of information closed .
The possibility of enforcing not only complete obedience to the will of the State , but complete uniformity of opinion on all subjects , now existed for the first time .
Nothing the citizen does is indifferent or neutral .
His or her friendships , hobbies , behavior towards his or her spouse or lover , facial expressions , gestures , characteristic movements , tones of voice , words muttered while asleep -- all are jealously scrutinized .
Not only any actual misdemeanor , but any eccentricity , however small , any change of habits , any nervous mannerism that could possibly be the symptom of an inner struggle , is certain to be detected .
Endless purges , arrests , tortures , imprisonments , and disappearances are inflicted both as punishments for crimes which have been actually committed and as the systematic wiping - out of any persons who might perhaps commit a crime at some time in the future .
And so today the determining factor in perpetuating a totally obsolete hierarchical society is the mental attitude of the ruling class itself .
The problem , that is to say , is educational .
It is a problem of continuously molding the consciousness both of the directing group and of the larger executive group that lies immediately below it .
Skepticism and hesitancy among the ranks of the rulers must be prevented .
( As will be seen in Chapter 3 , the best method of molding consciousness is continuous warfare . )
The consciousness of the masses ( the " proles " ) , by contrast , needs only be influenced in a negative way .
The masses could only become dangerous if the advance of industrial technique made it necessary to educate them more highly : but , since military and commercial rivalries are no longer of primary importance , the level of popular education is actually declining .
What opinions the masses hold , or do not hold , is looked upon as a matter of indifference .
They can be granted intellectual liberty because it is thought that they have no intellect .
In a member of the ruling elite , on the other hand , not even the smallest deviation of opinion on the most unimportant subject can be tolerated .
All the beliefs , habits , tastes , emotions , mental attitudes that characterize our time are really designed to sustain the mystique of the rulers and prevent the true nature of present - day society from being perceived .
A member of the elite is required to have not only the right opinions , but the right instincts .
Many of the beliefs and attitudes demanded of him or her are never plainly stated , and could not be stated without laying bare the contradiction at the heart of modern - day hierarchical society .
To maintain this regime , a continuous alteration of the past is necessary .
Both the elites and the masses will tolerate present - day conditions because they have no standards of comparison .
Everyone must be cut off from the past , as well as from other countries , because it is necessary for one and all to believe that everyone is better off than his or her ancestors and that the average level of material comfort is rising .
But by far the most important reason for the constant readjustment of the past is to safeguard the validity of the system itself .
It is not merely that speeches , statistics , and records of every kind can and must be constantly brought up to date in order to show that the fundamental principles of society are sound .
No change in these basic principles -- work , commodity production , private property , the State -- can ever be admitted .
For to change one 's mind is a confession of weakness , and weakness cannot be tolerated in a " perfect " system .
If human equality is to be forever averted -- if the High , as we have called them , are to keep their places permanently -- then the prevailing mental condition must be controlled insanity .
And so , in our society , those who have the best knowledge of what is actually happening are also those who are furthest from seeing the world as it is .
In general , the greater the understanding , the greater the delusion : the more intelligent , the less sane .
This is the inner meaning of the slogan IGNORANCE IS STRENGTH .
Chapter 2 : Freedom is Slavery
Given this background , one could infer , if one did not know it already , the general structure of modern capitalist society .
At the apex of the pyramid comes Big Brother .
Big Brother -- in whose person the functions of military commander - in - chief , political leader and religious figure are combined and integrated -- is infallible and all - powerful .
Compared to him , the average person ( the human individual ) is absolutely powerless , even nonexistent .
Every success , every achievement , every victory , every scientific discovery , all knowledge , all wisdom , all happiness , all virtue , are held to issue directly from Big Brother 's leadership and inspiration .
Despite the fact that Big Brother is always watching everyone , nobody has ever seen him .
Strictly speaking , Big Brother does not exist and thus can be " replaced " at any time .
The personality and image of Big Brother is a merely a composite of several unusually ambitious and charismatic people .
He is a silent pair of eyes , an inscrutable face on billboards , televisions , and computer screens .
We may reasonably be sure he will never die , and there is already considerable uncertainty among his many biographers as to when he was born .
Big Brother is the spectacular guise in which the ruling class chooses to exhibit itself to the world .
His function is to act as a literal focusing point for love , fear , and reverence -- emotions which are more easily felt toward an individual than toward an organization .
It is important to note that Big Brother is not Big Father :
The parallel with the Christian myth of Jesus Christ ( the Son of God ) is striking and intentional .
Big Brother is not God the Patriarchal Creator ; he was created by God the Father , as were we all .
Fraternal and earthy , Big Brother fought the revolution against the oppressive Father with us .
If Big Brother rules with an iron fist and a boot upon the back of the neck , this is because he knows what is good for us , for all of us , because he is one of us .
The immense global oligarchy at whose apex he stands is a collectivist one .
Big Brother was democratically and unanimously elected , and is democratically and unanimously re-elected every time he runs for office .
As long as there is a hierarchical society to be ruled , Big Brother will always be in office .
And yet capitalism -- let us not forget that Big Brother presides over an integrated , global capitalist system -- must be democratic , because it can not be anything else .
Capitalism could only grow hand - in - hand with democratic society .
To deploy itself fully over the face of the whole planet , capitalism must even now permanently assure everyone of a choice , the outcome of which it has determined in advance .
One must be able to choose between two indistinguishable politicians or two indistinguishable political ideologies because one chooses between two indistinguishable commodities .
If there is no appearance of political democracy , there can be no sustainable capitalist system .
This has been proven to be true by the permanent atrophy of the merchants in oriental despotism , by the ultimate defeat of Hitlerian and Mussolinian fascism , and by how poorly bureaucratic capitalism was managed by Stalinism .
Every commodity -- whether it is a brand of shampoo or a brand of political ideology -- fights for itself , cannot acknowledge the validity of the others , and attempts to impose itself everywhere as if it were the only one .
What can be called the spectacle is the epic poem of this machinic struggle , an epic which cannot be concluded by the fall of any Troy .
The spectacle does not sing the praises of men and their weapons , but of commodities and their passions .
In this blind struggle , every commodity -- pursuing its totalitarian passion -- unconsciously realizes something higher , which is the becoming - world of the commodity , which is also the becoming - commodity of the world .
Thus , by means of a ruse of commodity " logic , " what 's specific in the commodity ( the use - value ) wears itself out in the fight , while the commodity - form ( exchange - value ) moves toward its absolute realization .
What hides under the spectacular oppositions between commodities and political ideologies is a unity of misery -- the misery experienced by wage slaves , by people who have always worked and must continue to work for a living , no matter what product they buy or who wins the election .
Behind the masks of total choice and total freedom , different forms of the same alienation and oppression confront each other -- all of them built on real contradictions which are repressed .
The fraud of satisfaction exposes itself by being replaced , by following changes of products and changes in the general conditions of production .
That which asserted its definitive excellence with perfect impudence nevertheless changes ; it is the system alone which must continue .
Stalin as well as the outmoded commodity are denounced precisely by those who imposed them .
Every new lie of advertising is also an avowal of the previous lie .
The fall of every figure or object with totalitarian power reveals the illusory community which had approved of it unanimously , and which had been nothing more than an agglomeration of fragments .
And so the satisfaction which no longer comes from the use of abundant commodities is now sought in the recognition of their value as commodities : the on - going use of totally unsatisfactory commodities becomes sufficient unto itself ; the consumer is filled with religious fervor for the commodities ' sovereign freedom .
Waves of enthusiasm for a given product , supported and spread by all the media of communication , are thus propagated with lightning speed .
Just when the mass of commodities slides toward puerility , the puerile itself becomes a special commodity ; this is epitomized by the gadget .
We can recognize a mystical abandon to the transcendence of the commodity in free gifts , such as " I love Big Brother " watches which are not bought but are included by advertisers with prestigious purchases .
The fanatic who collects these watches , which have been manufactured precisely for collectors , produces a glorious sign of his or her presence among the faithful .
The reified person advertises the proof of his or her intimacy with the commodity as such , and not merely with certain commodities .
This fetishism -- and Big Brother himself is nothing if not one big fetish - object -- reaches moments of fervent exaltation similar to the ecstasies of the convulsions and miracles of the old religious fetishism .
The only use which remains here is the fundamental use of submission to a " higher , " external power .
The unreal unity proclaimed by the society of the spectacle ( the modern war - machine ) masks the class divisions -- Low , Middle and High -- on which the real unity of the capitalist mode of production rests .
What obliges workers to participate in the construction of the hierarchical world is also what separates them from it .
What brings together people freed from the constraints of local and national boundaries is also what pulls them apart .
What requires a more profound rationality is also what nourishes the irrationality of hierarchic exploitation and repression .
What creates the abstract power of society creates its concrete unfreedom .
This is the inner meaning of the slogan FREEDOM IS SLAVERY .
Chapter 3 : War is Peace
War is no longer the desperate , annihilating struggle that it was in the early decades of the twentieth century .
It is a warfare of limited aims between combatants who are unable to destroy one another , have no material cause for fighting , and are not divided any genuine ideological difference .
This is not to say that either the conduct of war , or the prevailing attitude toward it , has become less bloodthirsty or more chivalrous .
On the contrary , war hysteria is continuous and universal in all countries , and such acts as raping , looting , the slaughter of children , the reduction of whole populations to slavery , and reprisals against prisoners which extend even to boiling and burying alive , are looked upon as normal , and , when they are committed by one 's own side and not by the enemy , meritorious .
But in a physical sense war involves very small numbers of people , mostly highly trained specialists , and causes comparatively few casualties .
The fighting , when there is any , takes place on the vague frontiers whose whereabouts the average person can only guess at , or around the military bases which guard strategic spots on the sea lanes .
In the centers of civilization war means no more than a continuous shortage of consumer goods , and the occasional crash of a rocket bomb which may cause a few scores of deaths .
War has in fact changed its character .
More exactly , the reasons for which war is waged have changed in their order of importance .
Motives which were already present to some small extent in the great wars of the early twentieth century have now become dominant and are consciously recognized and acted upon .
The primary aim of modern warfare is to use up the products of the spectacular machine without raising the general standard of living .
Ever since the end of the nineteenth century , the problem of what to do with the surplus of consumer goods has been latent in industrial society .
At present , when few human beings even have enough to eat , this problem is obviously not urgent , and it might not have become so , even if no artificial processes of destruction had been at work .
The world of today is a bare , hungry , dilapidated place compared with the world that existed before 1945 , and still more so if compared with the imaginary future to which the people of that period looked forward .
In the early twentieth century , the vision of a future society unbelievably rich , leisured , orderly and efficient -- a glittering antiseptic world of glass and steel and snow - white concrete -- was part of the consciousness of nearly every literate person .
Science and technology were developing at a prodigious speed , and it seemed natural to assume that they would go on developing .
This failed to happen , partly because of the impoverishment caused by a long series of wars and revolutions , partly because scientific and technical progress depended on the empirical habit of thought , which could not survive in a strictly regimented society .
As a whole the world is more primitive today than it was fifty years ago .
Certain backward areas have advanced , and various devices , always in some way connected with warfare and police espionage , have been developed , but experiment and invention have largely stopped .
From the moment when the machine first made its appearance it was clear to all thinking people that the need for human drudgery , and therefore to a great extent for human inequality , had disappeared .
If the machine were used deliberately for that end , hunger , overwork , dirt , illiteracy , and disease could be eliminated within a few generations .
And in fact , without being used for any such purpose , but by a sort of automatic process -- by producing wealth which it was sometimes impossible not to distribute -- the machine did raise the living standards of the average human being greatly over a period of about 50 years at the end of the nineteenth and the beginning of the twentieth centuries .
But it was also clear that an all - round increase in wealth threatened the destruction -- indeed , in some sense was the destruction -- of a hierarchical society .
In a world in which everyone worked short hours , had enough to eat , lived in a house with a bathroom and a refrigerator , and possessed an automobile or even an airplane , the most obvious and perhaps the most important form of inequality would already have disappeared .
If it once became general , wealth would confer no distinction .
It was possible , no doubt , to imagine a society in which wealth , in the sense of personal possessions and luxuries , should be evenly distributed , while power remained in the hands of a small privileged elite .
But in practice such a society could not long remain stable .
For if leisure and security were enjoyed by all alike , the great mass of human beings who are normally stupefied by poverty would become literate and would learn to think for themselves ; and when once they had done this , they would sooner or later realize that the privileged minority had no function , and they would sweep it away .
In the long run , hierarchical society was only possible on a basis of poverty and ignorance .
The problem was thus how to keep the wheels of industry turning without increasing the real wealth of the world .
Goods must be produced , but they need not be distributed .
And in practice the only way of achieving this was by continuous warfare .
War , it will be seen , not only accomplishes the necessary destruction , but accomplishes it in a psychologically acceptable way .
In principle it would be quite simple to waste the surplus labor of the world by building temples and pyramids , by digging holes and filling them up again , or even by producing vast quantities of goods and then setting fire to them .
But this would provide only the economic and not the emotional basis for a hierarchical society .
What is concerned here is not the morale of the masses , whose attitude is unimportant as long as they are kept steadily at work , but the morale of the elite itself .
Even the humblest bureaucrat is expected to be competent , industrious , and even intelligent within narrow limits , but it is also necessary that he or she should be a credulous and ignorant fanatic whose prevailing moods are fear , hatred , adulation , and orgiastic triumph .
In other words it is necessary that he or she should have the mentality appropriate to a state of war .
It does not matter whether the war is actually happening , and , since no decisive victory is possible , it does not matter whether the war is going well or badly .
All that is needed is that a state of war should exist -- and so we have been confronted with the war on poverty , the war on crime , the war against drugs , the war against international terrorism , etc. etc .
Modern war , therefore , if we judge it by the standards of previous wars , is merely an imposture and a purely internal affair .
In the past , the ruling groups of all countries , although they might recognize their common interest and therefore limit the destructiveness of war , did fight against one another , and the victor always plundered the vanquished .
In our own day they are not fighting against one another at all .
The war is waged by each ruling group against its own subjects , and the object of war is not to make or prevent conquests of territory , but to keep the structure of global society intact .
The effect would be much the same if the world 's ruling classes , instead of ( pretending to be ) fighting one another , should agree to live in perpetual peace , each inviolate within its own boundaries .
For in that case each would still be a self - contained universe , freed forever from the sobering influence of external danger .
A peace that was truly permanent would be the same as a permanent war .
This is the inner meaning of the slogan WAR IS PEACE .
Chapter 4 : God is Power
The heavenly masters -- the gods -- were cast in the mold of the ruling class ( the " High " of Chapter 1 ) and require similar sacrifices .
Because the rulers were themselves the product of alienated thought , the heavenly masters -- even God himself -- could not hope to be anything other than alienated .
What were honest , self - respecting people to think of these " gods , " who are supposedly robed in omnipotence and yet are beholden to human beings and their stupid prayers as if the " gods " were not fundamentally different from the earthly masters , who are answerable to their human slaves ?
Are these Gods -- is God -- then merely the sum of absent life ?
No , not even that .
God is merely the gaping void that swallows up the impotence that we call the " power " of the strong and the rich , and all the despair that we call the " hope " of the weak and poor .
God is merely the totalitarian projection of the economics of exchange and survival .
" He " is nothing more than the false illusion of life .
And yet many people blithely proclaim that God is dead , and therefore powerless .
It is quite true that the death of God created the chaos out of which both the person of and the need for Big Brother came .
But even the self - avowed atheists continue to genuflect .
God is " dead " as a sovereign entity , as master of the world , but he lives on in the very power structures that originally gave birth to him by submitting humanity to economic alienation , to thought separated from life , and to human bodies weakened , mutilated or broken in the name of labor .
There is no God whose power is not based on the negation of life and on the inversion of pleasures ; there is no power that is not based on God and the oppressive and hierarchical " natural order of things " he both created and was created by .
And so it remains true that the first critique is the critique of religion ; the first revolt is against the supreme tyrannies of theology and the phantom of God .
Ever since the fantasy of a Divine Being took shape in humanity 's imagination , God -- all gods , and among them above all the God of the Christians -- has always taken the side of the strong and the rich against the ignorant and impoverished masses .
Through his presence , he has blessed the most revolting privileges , the basest oppressions , and the vilest of exploitations .
As long as we have a master in heaven , we will be slaves on earth , and our reason and ability to create our own lives will be annulled .
As long as we believe that we must unconditionally obey -- and , vis-a - vis God , no other obedience is possible -- we must of necessity passively and totally submit , without the least reservation , to the holy authority of all his agents , messiahs , prophets , divinely - inspired lawmakers , emperors , kings , and all their functionaries and ministers , representatives and consecrated servants of the two greatest institutions which impose themselves upon us , and which are established by God himself to rule over men and women -- namely , the Church and the State .
All temporal or human authority stems directly from spiritual and / or divine authority .
Authority is the negation of freedom , of human self - determination and self - management .
God , or rather the fiction of God , is the consecration and the intellectual and moral source of all slavery on earth , and the freedom of humanity will never be complete until the disastrous and insidious fiction of a heavenly master is annihilated .
To annihilate totally hierarchical power and thereby bring about human equality , it is necessary to annihilate God ; to " kill " God , it is necessary to annihilate totally hierarchical earthly power .
This is the inner secret of the slogan GOD IS POWER .
Chapter 5 : The Proles
Very little is known about the proles .
As far as Big Brother is concerned , it is not necessary to know much .
So long as they continue to work and do not riot in the streets , their other activities are without importance .
To keep them under control is not difficult .
A few police spies always move among them , spreading false rumors , and marking down and eliminating the few individuals who are judged capable of becoming dangerous ; but no attempt is made to indoctrinate them with political ideas .
It is not desirable that the proles have strong political feelings of any kind .
All that is required of them on occasion -- on the " occasion " of continuous warfare , that is -- is an alienated patriotism which can be appealed to whenever it is necessary to make them accept longer working hours or less pay .
And yet , if there is hope , it lies -- it must lie -- in the proles , because only there , in those swarming disregarded masses -- eighty - five percent of the population -- can the force to destroy hierarchical society be generated .
The society watched over by Big Brother can not be overthrown from within , or by partial revolutions : the revolution against it must come from without and must be total .
Unlike those we have called the High and the Middle , the proles -- if only they can somehow become fully conscious of their own strength -- have no need to conspire , no need to become members of secret revolutionary brotherhoods .
The proles need only to rise up and shake themselves like a horse shaking off flies .
For the proles are loyal to each other .
They have stayed human ; they have not become hardened or dead inside ; they have held on to the basic instincts and emotions which the power elites and their bureaucratic priests have to re-learn by conscious effort .
The uprisings in Russia in 1905 and then again in 1917 -- the uprisings in Germany in 1918 , in Kronstadt in 1921 , in Spain in 1936 -- all these historical events show that the proles are quite capable of revolting against both the Middle and the High , of organizing on their own to fight for their own interests , and of attacking hierarchical society at its root .
In all these uprisings , workers refused to work , but their refusal was made outside of the traditional , hierarchical structures of the trade union and the " alternative " political parties .
The workers spontaneously organized themselves into autonomous and deliberately anti-hierarchical councils and committees , and began to plan and execute the re-organization of all of society in accordance with the principle of total human equality .
It was precisely as a result of these uprisings -- and their ultimate likelihood of success -- that Big Brother fought and won the revolution in the first place .
Given the fact that the material bases for a non-hierarchical society have now existed for decades , it is inevitable that Big Brother will continue to be challenged by the proles and their " spontaneous " uprisings for some time to come .
The GNU Public License , one of the oldest and most widely selected open - source licenses , is about to get its second makeover .
There ’s been a lot of uncertainty about the GPL ’s differences in version 3 , and exactly what they mean for end users , developers and corporations .
Part of the uncertainty stems from the fact that it was hard to pin down the exact nature of GPL v3 until late in the day .
The license underwent multiple drafts , and some specific provisions ( such as allegedly anti-Novell patent language ) were added between drafts .
But the current draft appears at last to be the final language that will be adopted — sometime this July , according to current plans .
The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) , the caretaker of the GPL , has a clear political agenda regarding the creation and distributions of software .
Consider this portion of its FAQ for the GPL :
Of course , your software is not a contribution to our community if it is not free , and people who value their freedom will refuse to use it .
Only people willing to give up their freedom will use your software , which means that it will effectively function as an inducement for people to lose their freedom .
If you hope some day to look back on your career and feel that it has contributed to the growth of a good and free society , you need to make your software free .
Leaving aside any discussion of whether its premise is even true ( that most people place much weight in the relative “ freeness ” of software as a measure of its value ) , this statement provides a fairly accurate snapshot of the FSF ’s attitude .
Specifically , it believes that all software should be available without cost and should be freely distributable .
This philosophy informs everything the FSF does , and particularly the GPL .
It is likely that if the FSF had its way , the GPL would require that anything that remotely touched a piece of GPL ’d software would need to be GPL ’d itself .
However , even in its stridency , the FSF recognized that the GPL would not be widely adopted if it contained too extreme or coercive measures , and companies might not use open - source software with the GPL license .
As a result , the GPLv2 largely concerned itself with GPL ’d software , and programs that linked directly with GPL ’d libraries .
Some , if not most , of that safe haven for proprietary applications has been eroded in version 3 .
However , uncertainty does not mean that the GPLv3 should be avoided by all ( or even any ) enterprises .
In this article , I ’ll point out the advantages and disadvantages to corporate IT departments .
The difference between the Republicans in Congress and the Democrats in Congress is striking .
The Democrats are in the majority in the House , and are a narrow majority in the Senate , yet they cannot pass any consequential legislation .
The one thing they tout as an accomplishment in nine months of controlling Congress is a pathetic " raise " in the federal minimum wage which , first of all , is so small and belated that in most states it will go unnoticed because it 's lower than most state minimum wage laws , and in any case it 's below what the market is providing , and secondly , they only passed that measure by attaching it to an obscene $ 120 - billion funding bill to continue the Iraq War .
The Republicans , however , in House and Senate , though in the minority in both Houses , have managed , by asserting their unity and collective strength , to block a bill that would somewhat restrict spying on Americans by the National Security Agency , to block a bill putting a deadline on the US occupation of Iraq , and to uphold a presidential veto on a bill expanding subsidized health insurance for children .
Say what you want about Republicans being cold - hearted , child - hating , war - mongering , domestic spying advocates .
At least they fight for the crap they believe in !
Democrats , on the other hand , claim to be against the Iraq War , but they continue to support funding it , to the tune of over $ 300 billion since they took control of Congress .
They could stop this war in a heartbeat if they acted like Republicans and just refused to introduce a war funding bill in the House , or if 41 of them would filibuster any war funding bill to death in the Senate .
They could stop NSA spying the same way .
If they can't muster the votes to pass a law outlawing warrantless spying by the agency , they can just hold the NSA 's budget hostage until Bush agrees to their terms .
They could get S - CHIP -- the child health insurance program -- expanded the same way -- by holding something else the Republicans want hostage until Republicans agree to override a presidential veto of the program .
Democrats could also put a stop to presidential trashing of the Constitution by voting to initiate an impeachment inquiry by the House Judiciary Committee under John Conyers , giving him full subpoena power to go after the people and the documents his committee needs for its investigation of high crimes and misdemeanors by the administration .
There 's no need for more dead - end investigations by various gutless House and Senate Committees .
The Bush / Cheney administration has made it clear that it is simply going to stonewall those investigations and refuse to honor any subpoenas -- if the Democrats even have the ganas to issue subpoenas .
But an impeachment panel would be something else .
It 's pretty hard for a president to stonewall an impeachment committee , since unlike other committees of the Congress , an impeachment committee is a Constitutionally sanctioned body -- one which would likely win the backing of any sincere " constructionist " jurist on the bench .
Moreover , in an impeachment inquiry , a president could not make a supportable argument of " national security " or " executive privilege . "
But the Democrats in Congress know all this .
They know that they could do these things , and yet they are not doing them .
Only the Republicans are playing hardball .
The Democrats are playing wiffleball .
Why is this the case ?
Progressives typically attribute it to spinelessness .
But this misses the point .
The Democrats are no more or less spineless than Republicans .
What they are is devoid of principle .
The party leadership , with the backing of most of the rank - and - file members , has decided in its " wisdom " that the only important thing is winning in 2008 .
Pious rhetoric aside , they could care less about the lives of American men and women trapped in the bloody quagmire of Iraq .
They could care less about the children of the uninsured poor and middle class .
They could care less about the privacy of Americans ' phone and computers .
All they care about is the November ' 08 election .
And they have decided that the best way to win that election is to do as little controversial as possible , and to keep the war perking along .
They also want to try to pass as much nice sounding progressive legislation as possible .
If those bills are killed by Republican maneuvering , fine .
They 'll blame the Republicans and say we need to elect more Democrats .
If some of those bills pass , and then get vetoed by the increasingly unpopular President Bush , fine , too .
They 'll blame the Republicans and their president for intransigence .
But it 's all a lie , because , in the majority , they have the power to stop the war , to stop the Constitutional violations , to win health insurance for kids who do n't have it , and to impeach the president .
They just wo n't use it .
And no amount of phone calling , letter writing and protesting is going to make them do it .
They lie and claim they need 60 votes in the Senate , or even 67 votes , but look what the Republicans can do with just 49 .
There is only one way to get the Democrats to act properly , and that is to threaten their dreams of a 2008 victory in the Presidential and Congressional elections .
How do we do that ?
By letting them know that they no longer can count on the automatic support of progressive voters .
If progressives , African - Americans and trade unionists -- the whole base of the Democratic Party and the core of its support -- were to rise up and quit the party to become independents , there would be such a scramble to the left side of the Capitol building that the domed structure would tilt on its foundation .
Note : these core Democratic constituencies would n't need to decide how they are going to vote next November .
Individuals can each make that decision on Election Day .
But by cutting that tie to the party , they will put the fear of death on the incumbents in Congress and on the leaders of the Party , who will worry that they 've lost their grip on voters that they have taken for granted for decades .
Nor do people have to give up voting for progressives in the primaries .
In many states , you do n't need to be in a party to vote in that party 's primary , and in the other states , people can just re-register in time to vote , and then quit again .
We progressives cannot wait until November 2008 to elect more Democrats to Congress and to elect a Democratic president .
People are dying in Iraq every single day that we delay .
The Constitution is being destroyed line by line , article by article , every day .
And besides , we have seen just this past November what happens when we just give our votes to the Democrats without demanding anything from them .
They just turned around and screwed us royally .
We 'll end the war , they said , and then turned around and funded it through the rest of Bush 's second term .
We 'll defend the Constitution , they said , and then threw in the towel and gave Bush permission to spy without a warrant .
We 'll fix the mess in New Orleans , they said , but New Orleans is still a dying city .
It 's time for progressives , for African - Americans , for unionized workers , for feminists , to all let these devious hacks know that we 've had it .
Our votes are no longer in their pockets .
We are no longer Democrats .
We are democrats !
If they want our votes in November 2008 , they have exactly 12 months to prove to us that they will fight for those votes .
If they want our votes next year , they 've got to end the war NOW .
They 've got to start impeachment proceedings NOW .
They 've got to get health care for poor kids NOW .
They 've got to stop the NSA spying NOW .
They 've got to fix New Orleans NOW .
Otherwise , next year we may be going elsewhere with our votes .
_______
# 797814 +( 1569 ) - [ X ] < balls > that was the funniest thing that 's ever happened to me
< balls > im getting ready to build a computer , and my dad comes into my room .
he starts talking like hes giving me the talk about abstinence and shit .
he says stuff like " son , we want you to be safe , you know that " and just when it seems like he 's gonna give me a condom , he holds out his hand , and he gives me a fucking static wrist strap .
< balls > i never laughed so hard in my dad 's face .
Wu - Yi Tea - New Found Popularity
Wu - yi tea , or Oolong tea has become popular since receiving media attention for it 's natural qualities of fat burning and metabolism control .
Many of the popular health magazines and even celebrities like Oprah and Rachel Ray to name a few , have featured and talked about the great results for losing weight .
While wu yi tea is receiving praise from people everywhere who are trying it , you might be surprised to know this drink is nothing new .
The tea has been around for centuries in the Asian culture , recognized not only for it 's natural weight loss qualities , but also for many other additional health benefits .
In fact , oolong tea , often referred to as wu- yi tea due to the fact that it is harvested from Mt. Wuyi Shan in China , is still used in traditional Chinese medicine today .
Authentic Wu-yi Tea Authentic
Wu - yi tea does in fact have very effective natural qualities to fight fat and control metabolism .
For over 400 years asians have enjoyed wu- yi tea for it 's slimming effects and other various health benefits .
The tea is actually oolong tea , referred to as wu- yi tea because it is grown and harvested in the Wuyi Mountains of China .
Harvesting oolong tea is a very specific process and if not followed properly can result in poor quality tea .
Wu-yi Tea Production
How your tea is produced is too important a matter for you to take for granted .
It is the crux of the whole question of what you get for your money .
And there is a vital difference in the harvesting processes of different Wu - Yi tea .
What you really get for your money is determined by where a tea is grown and how it is harvested .
If you are buying wu - yi tea , be sure it comes from an authentic supplier of natural hand processed teas .
Authentic Tea Suppliers
If you are interested in researching and purchasing wu- yi tea from an authentic tea supplier , you may wish to visit Wu - Yi Source which specializes in tea from China , the birth place of wu- yi tea .
An authentic supplier will take great care and detail in providing tea to their customers .
Wu - Yi Source is an established company providing the finest authentic natural teas available .
The goodness of Wu - Yi Source tea is due largely to the 17 - point quality test conducted before harvesting .
Visit Wu - Yi Source
Natural Fat Burning Qualities
The " power " of wu- yi tea to naturally burn fat comes from the " Polyphenol " found within the tea .
A polyphenol is a bio-active ingredient that stimulates lipolysis , or the breakdown of fat .
It achieves this by activating enzymes that dissolve fat ( triglycerides ) in your body .
This in turn speeds up your metabolism !
( increasing your resting metabolic rate ) .
Teas such as green and black tea also contain polyphenols but the level of polyphenols is significantly greater in oolong tea , also known as wu- yi tea .
Wu-yi Tea . . . " Perfection "
With all the tons of dietary supplements , foods , drinks , and a host of other things , who knows what we are putting into our bodies in our quest for " perfection " .
Possibly , wu- yi tea could be the only " perfect " natural source we need to incorporate into a healthy lifestyle .
With it 's amazing weight loss qualities on top of other health benefits , why keep chasing the latest dieting fads and throwing away money ...
Clinical Case Studies
There are numerous clinical case studies documenting the health benefits of drinking wu- yi tea on a regular basis .
Benefits ranging from weight loss , reducing the risk of recurrence of breast cancer , reducing the risk of heart attacks , fighting infections , and various other benefits .
If interested , you can read details on several of these case studies at the wu- yi tea wiki .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The director of national intelligence said Tuesday he does not plan to make public any of the key findings of a soon - to - be- completed assessment on Iran 's nuclear program .
Director of Intelligence Mike McConnell says he'd resign if the administration " cherry - picked " intelligence .
Mike McConnell said to do so could expose U.S. intelligence capabilities and enable Iran to change its practices .
The National Intelligence Estimate is intended to lay out the entire intelligence community 's best estimate on the threat posed by Iran 's nuclear program .
The Bush administration maintains Iran is seeking to build nuclear weapons , but the Iranians say the program is to meet the country 's energy needs .
The long - awaited NIE was supposed to be completed by last spring , but was delayed by new information that needed to be sorted out , according to McConnell .
He said analysts are attempting to finish the NIE by the end of this month .
NIEs examine current capabilities and vulnerabilities and , perhaps more importantly , consider future developments .
Estimates are usually requested by policymakers , but can be initiated by the intelligence community itself .
The number of NIEs completed in any given year can range into the low hundreds .
McConnell also said Tuesday he would resign if he determined administration officials were cherry - picking intelligence to support their positions .
Some members of Congress and other critics of the war in Iraq have accused the Bush administration of selectively making public intelligence that supported its case for invading Iraq .
McConnell said the " first mission " of the intelligence community is to " speak truth to power . "
" If it were cherry - picked in an inappropriate way , then for me , that 's a professional obligation to object , and I would submit my resignation , " he said .
The controversy over what the intelligence community reported to policymakers about Iraq 's weapons of mass destruction in an October 2002 NIE just before the Iraq war prompted the Bush administration to release portions of that assessment in the summer of 2003 .
Since then , the summaries of a number of NIEs have been released , including three this year : two on Iraq and one on threats to the homeland .
McConnell made his comments at a conference on analytical practices in Washington .
E-mail to a friend
All About Iran • Espionage and Intelligence
I just came across this dialogue posted by Anthony Arend ( and linked by Stephen ) .
It 's from the president 's news conference last week :
Q Thank you , sir .
A simple question .
THE PRESIDENT : Yes .
It may require a simple answer .
Q
What ’s your definition of the word “ torture ” ?
THE PRESIDENT : Of what ?
Q
The word “ torture . ”
What ’s your definition ?
THE PRESIDENT : That ’s defined in U.S. law , and we do n’t torture .
Q
Can you give me your version of it , sir ?
THE PRESIDENT : Whatever the law says .
Do you get the feeling that the president does n't know what the law says ?
The precise legal definition is " severe mental or physical pain or suffering " to elicit information .
How can the president know he is abiding by the law if he cannot remember the simplest phrase defining torture in the law ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
US : New polls reveal mass opposition to Democrats and Republicans
By Joe Kay
15 June 2007
New opinion polls released this week show mounting discontent within the American population over the war in Iraq and the policies of both political parties .
They reflect deep and bitter opposition to the Bush administration , but also reveal that just six months after the Democrats took control of Congress , masses of Americans who voted Democratic to express their opposition to the Iraq war are disillusioned and angry over the Democrats ’ cowardice and complicity with Bush .
According to an NBC News / Wall Street Journal poll released on Wednesday , Bush ’s overall approval rating stands at an all - time low of 29 percent .
Over 66 percent disapprove of his job performance .
From April of this year Bush ’s approval rating dropped 6 percentage points , an extraordinary fall in such a short period of time , particularly given the president ’s already low numbers .
However , the continued collapse of support for the Bush administration has not translated into a corresponding rise in support for the Democrats .
In fact , approval for the Democratic - controlled Congress stands at only 23 percent , below even that for Bush and down sharply from only a few months ago .
In early 2007 , following the midterm elections , approval for Congress jumped to 31 percent from its pre-election low of 16 percent .
Over the past two months , however , support for Congress has fallen a full 8 percentage points .
The fall in support for the Democrats reflects more than anything else anger over the passage of the $ 100 billion war - funding bill in May .
Another recent poll , conducted by the Los Angeles Times and Bloomberg earlier this week , registered similar results .
It found that 63 percent of the population believes that the new Democratic - controlled Congress is governing in a “ business as usual ” manner — that is , doing nothing to change the course of US government policy .
The Democratic speaker of the House of Representatives , Nancy Pelosi , has an approval rating of only 36 percent , while 58 percent of self - described “ liberal Democrats ” — those most likely to oppose the war in Iraq — disapprove of Congress , up 15 percentage points from January .
On Iraq , the poll found that 68 percent of the population now favors the complete withdrawal of US troops within one year or less , with 25 percent favoring “ immediate withdrawal , ” up from 19 percent in January .
These views , held by the overwhelming majority of the population , are nowhere expressed in the political establishment .
At the same time , 54 percent of those surveyed in the NBC / Wall Street Journal poll said the situation in Iraq has gotten worse in recent months , during the period of the “ surge , ” while only 10 percent said it has gotten better .
A New York Times / CBS
News poll last month found opposition to the Iraq war at record highs , with six in ten saying that the US should never have gone into Iraq .
The NBC / Wall Street Journal poll also found that only 19 percent of those surveyed — less than one in five — said that the country is “ headed in the right direction , ” while 68 percent said it was “ off on the wrong track . ”
Besides mass opposition to the Iraq war , these polls reflect mounting anger over the growing concentration of wealth at the top , and the increasingly difficult economic situation facing working people .
Rising gas and food prices , the collapse of the housing market , job cuts , attacks on health benefits and pensions , wage stagnation have all contributed to widespread anxiety and disillusionment within the American population .
The percentage of people who believe the country is headed in the right direction has declined steadily over the past several months , from 29 percent last October , to 28 percent in January , 25 percent in March , and 22 percent in April .
These figures provide a snapshot of a political system in deep crisis .
Beneath the ossified and unrepresentative political and media establishment in the US is a population seething with anger and discontent .
Commenting on the NBC / Wall Street Journal poll findings Wednesday evening , NBC News anchor Brian Williams said they indicate a “ volatile period in modern American history , ” in which the mood of the population has turned “ decidedly grim and downright angry . ”
NBC Washington Bureau Chief Tim Russert remarked that the polls showed “ it ’s churning out there . ”
These comments reflect nervousness within the ruling elite that growing opposition could produce a social explosion , with the public finding new channels for expressing its views and interests beyond the confines of the two - party system .
There is a profound disconnect between the majority of the population , increasingly politicized by the war in Iraq and the social crisis , and the political establishment .
Underlying the chasm between official politics and the sentiments of masses of people are longer - term trends , in particular , the extraordinary growth of social inequality .
The political establishment is dominated by the interests of a tiny oligarchy .
SRC= ” http://www.locallender.info/images/states/alabama.gif” width= ” 150 ″ align= ” left ” /> The local chapter of Veterans For Peace , along with Citizens For Peace and the Peace is Possible coalition , will host a rally Monday at Memorial Park calling for the impeachment of President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney and an end to the war in Iraq .
From noon to 3 p.m. , participants will gather along the streets that border Memorial Park on Government Street at the Loop holding signs .
Make sure to send your Alabama Reps Do -It - Yourself Impeachments !
Cal State San Bernardino :
A suspected arsonist was shot and killed by San Bernardino police last night , authorities said .
The man was spotted in a remote , brushy area behind Cal State San Bernardino , said Lt. Scott Patterson of the San Bernardino Police Department .
University police called in San Bernardino officers .
When officers approached the suspect , he jumped in a car and fled , Patterson said .
The man drove north on Waterman Avenue , then up a dirt fire road into the foothills , he said .
When officers tried to stop him , he rammed their vehicles with his car , Patterson said .
" The officers fired their weapons in self - defense , and the suspect was struck and died as a result of his injuries , " Patterson said .
The shooting is under investigation , Patterson said .
The man was in an area that burned during the 2003 Old fire , about 20 miles from the Lake Arrowhead blazes , Patterson said .
" They thought there could be the possibility that he's an arsonist , " Patterson said .
The area " is in the path of the fire . "
-- Tami Abdollah
2 . Whether you call it a twister , a dust - devil or a tornado , get ' out the way !'
Pucker factor is high , folks .
P.S. Do n't forget to turn up the sound on your computer .
3 . There comes a time , brother , when you just gotta seek shelter .
4. " Listen to the roar ! " Buddy , if you can hear the roar , run .
5 . [ Watch from about - 2.20 through - 0.45 ] .
" This is good , Alex .
I got it under control .
I wo n't kill you ... I need you to trust me , Alex .
Alex , we are in perfect position with the car ! "
Mr. " I Got It Under Control " a short while later :
" Get in the fu@king car ! ... Back the fu@k up !! "
6 . " Oh , that 's right at us , man ... That fu@ker is huge .
There 's roof !
There 's a house ... a whole fu@king house ! "
7 . This tornado passes over an underpass with several people hiding underneath .
Thankfully no one 's hurt , though , apparently , taking shelter under an overpass is not a good idea .
8 . [ Watch from about - 2:45 through - 1:25 ] .
All we can say is , whoa .
About The Author Vitaly Friedman loves beautiful content and does n’t like to give in easily .
When he is not writing or speaking at a conference , he ’s most probably running … More about Vitaly Friedman …
30 Usability Issues To Be Aware Of
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
You do n’t have to agree upon everything .
As a professional web developer you are the advocate of your visitors ’ interests and needs ; you have to protect your understanding of good user experience and make sure the visitors will find their way through ( possibly ) complex site architecture .
And this means that you need to be able to protect your position and communicate your ideas effectively — in discussions with your clients and colleagues .
In fact , it ’s your job to compromise wrong ideas and misleading concepts instead of following them blindly .
You do n’t have to agree upon everything .
As a professional web developer you are the advocate of your visitors ’ interests and needs ; you have to protect your understanding of good user experience and make sure the visitors will find their way through ( possibly ) complex site architecture .
And this means that you need to be able to protect your position and communicate your ideas effectively — in discussions with your clients and colleagues .
In fact , it ’s your job to compromise wrong ideas and misleading concepts instead of following them blindly .
In this context nothing can support you more than the profound knowledge of fundamental issues related to your work .
But even if you know most of them it ’s important to know how to name these concepts and how to refer to them once they appear in the conversation .
Furthermore , it ’s always useful to have some precise terms ready to hand once you might need them as an argument in your discussions .
You might be interested in the following related posts :
In this article we present 30 important usability issues , terms , rules and principles which are usually forgotten , ignored or misunderstood .
What is the difference between readability and legibility ?
What exactly does 80 ⁄ 20 or Pareto principle mean ?
What is meant with minesweeping and satisficing ?
And what is Progressive Enhancement and Graceful Degradation ?
OK , it ’s time to dive in .
Usability : Rules and Principles
7±2 Principle Since human brain has some limits on its capacity for processing information , it deals with complexity dividing information into chunks and units .
According to George A. Miller ’s studies humans ’ short term memory can retain only about 5 - 9 things at one time .
This fact is often used as an argument for limiting the number of options in navigation menus to 7 ; however there are heated debates about The Myth of “ Seven , Plus or Minus 2 ” .
Therefore it ’s not clear how the 7±2 Principle can , could or should be applied to the Web .
Miller ’s studies .
2 - Second - Rule
A loose principle that a user should n’t need to wait more than 2 seconds for certain types of system response , such as application - switching and application launch time .
The choice of 2 seconds is somewhat arbitrary , but a reasonable order of magnitude .
Reliable principle : the less users have to wait , the better is the user experience .
3 - Click - Rule According to this rule users stop using the site if they are n’t able to find the information or access the site feature within 3 mouse clicks .
In other words , the rule emphasizes the importance of clear navigation , logical structure and easy - to - follow site hierarchy .
In most situations the number of clicks is irrelevant ; what is really important is that visitors always know where they are , where they were and where they can go next .
Even 10 clicks are OK if users feel that they have a full understanding of how the system works .
80 ⁄ 20 Rule ( The Pareto principle ) The Pareto principle ( also known as the law of the vital few and the principle of factor sparsity ) states that 80 % of the effects comes from 20 % of the causes .
This is the basic rule of thumb in business ( “ 80 % of your sales comes from 20 % of your clients ” ) , but can also be applied to design and usability .
For instance , dramatic improvements can often be achieved by identifying the 20 % of users , customers , activities , products or processes that account for the 80 % of contribution to profit and maximizing the attention applied to them .
[ Wikipedia ]
Eight Golden Rules of Interface Design
As a result of Interface Design Studies , Ben Shneiderman proposed a collection of principles that are derived heuristically from experience and applicable in most interactive systems .
These principles are common for user interface design , and as such also for web design .
Strive for consistency .
Enable frequent users to use shortcuts .
Offer informative feedback .
Design dialog to yield closure .
Offer simple error handling .
Permit easy reversal of actions .
Provide the sense of control .
Support internal locus of control .
Reduce short - term memory load .
You can learn more details about Shneiderman ’s Rules For Design in Shneiderman ’s rules for design .
Fitts ’ Law Published by Paul Fitts in 1954 , Fitts ’ law is a model of human movement which predicts the time required to rapidly move to a target area , as a function of the distance to the target and the size of the target .
The law is usually applied to the movement of the mouse visitors have to perform to get from point A to point B .
For instance , the rule can be important to place the content areas in a more usable way to maximize their accessibility and improve click rates .
Inverted Pyramid
The inverted pyramid is a writing style where the summary of the article is presented in the beginning of the article .
This approach makes use of the “ waterfall effect ” well - known in journalism where writers try to give their readers an instant idea about the topic they ’re reporting .
The article begins with a conclusion , followed by key points and finally the minor details such as background information .
Since web users want instant gratification , the inverted pyramid style , is important for web writing and for better user experience .
Satisficing
Web users do n’t prefer optimal ways to find the information they ’re looking for .
They are n’t interested in the most reasonable and sound solution to their problem .
Instead they permanently scan for quick ’n ’ dirty - solutions which are “ good enough ” .
Applied to Web , satisficing describes exactly this approach : users settle with a solution to a problem that is “ good enough ” — even if alternative solutions can better fulfill their requirements in a long run . [ I - D ]
Usability nightmares
Sometimes you just want to get the information you ’re after , save it and move along .
And you can ’t .
Usability nightmares — which are rather a daily routine than an exception — appear every now and again ; usually , almost every time you type your search keywords in Google .
In his article “ Why award - winning websites are so awful ” Gerry McGovern points out that “ the shiny surface wins awards , real substance wins customers ” and that is entirely right .
Nevermind what design you have , and nevermind which functionality you have to offer — if your visitors do n’t understand how they can get from point A to point B they wo n’t use your site .
In almost every professional design ( except special design showcases such as , e.g. , portfolios ) you need to offer your visitors
a clear , self - explanatory navigation ,
precise text - presentation ,
search functionality and
visible and thought - out site structure .
And that means that you simply have to folow the basic rules of usability and common sense .
You want to communicate with your visitors , do n’t drive them away , right ?
In this article , we take a look at some of the usability nightmares you should avoid designing functional and usable web - sites .
At the end of the article you ’ll also find 8 usability checkpoints you should probably be aware of .
8 Usability Check - Points You Should Be Aware Of
You do n’t use pop-ups .
Pop-ups interrupt the browsing session of the visitors and require an instant feedback .
Respect your visitors .
You do n’t change users ’ window size .
The same argument as the one against pop-ups holds .
Some browsers , e.g. Internet Explorer , saves the browser dimensions and uses them for further browser sessions .
As Ben Bodien commented , “ it ’s just plain inconsiderate to assume that you know better than the user how their software environment should be configured ? ”
You do n’t use too small font sizes .
Long passages are harder to read and to read brief sentences readers need more time .
It also holds for links , buttons , forms , search boxes and other elements .
Good news — in Web 2.0 the opposite is the case .
You do n’t have unclear link text .
Links have to be precise and lead to the destination they describe .
Ambiguous link descriptions should be avoided .
You do n’t have dead links .
There are too many of them anyway ; why would you want to point your visitors to a dead end ?
You have at most one animation per page .
If blinking images are wide - spread through the site , it ’s extremely hard to focus on one single site element .
Give your visitors an opportunity to perceive your content .
Using animated ads , do n’t place them right along your articles .
You make it easy to contact you .
Maybe because you just do n’t want to be contacted , but If visitors do want to get in touch with you , but ca n’t find any contact information , you lose their interest and trust .
Disastrous for online - shopping , a missed opportunity for the rest .
Your links open in the same window .
Visitors want to have control over everything what happens in their browser .
If they ’d like to open a link in a new window , they will .
If they do n’t want to , they wo n’t .
If your links open in a new window , you make the decision which is not your decision to make .
Psychology Behind Usability
Baby - Duck - Syndrome Baby Duck Syndrome describes the tendency for visitors to stick to the first design they learn and judge other designs by their similarity to that first design .
The result is that users generally prefer systems similar to those they learned on and dislike unfamiliar systems .
This results in the usability problems most re-designs have : users , get used with previous designs , feel uncomfortable with new site structure they have to find their way through .
Banner - Blindness
Web users tend to ignore everything that looks like advertisement and , what is interesting , they ’re pretty good at it .
Although advertisement is noticed , it is almost always ignored .
Since users have constructed web related schemata for different tasks on the Web , when searching for specific information on a website , they focus only on the parts of the page where they would assume the relevant information could be , i.e. small text and hyperlinks .
Large colourful or animated banners and other graphics are in this case ignored .
Banner Blindness : Old and New Findings
Cliffhanger - Effect ( Zeigarnik - Effect ) Human beings ca n’t stand uncertainty .
We tend to find answers to unanswered questions we are interested in as soon as possible .
Cliffhanger - effects are based upon this fact ; movies , articles and plots with Cliffhanger - effect have an abrupt ending , often leaving with a sudden shock revelation or difficult situation .
The effect is often used in advertisement : asking the visitors unanswered and provocative questions advertisers often tend to force them to read the ad , click on the banner or follow a link .
Found out by Bluma W. Zeigarnik in 1927 , this effect establishes an emotional connection with readers and is extremely effective in terms of marketing .
Visitors can better remember what the ad is about and even smallest details are stored more clearly and precisely .
In Web writing the Cliffhanger - effect is also used to bound the visitors to a web - site ( e.g. “ Grab our RSS - Feed to ensure you do n’t miss the second part of the article ! ” ) .
Gestalt principles of form perception
These principles are the fundamental rules of human psychology in terms of human - computer - interaction - design .
The law of proximity posits that when we perceive a collection of objects , we will see objects close to each other as forming a group .
A real - world example of the law of proximity from MTV Music Awards 2002 .
Source .
posits that when we perceive a collection of objects , we will see objects close to each other as forming a group .
The law of similarity captures the idea that elements will be grouped perceptually if they are similar to each other .
captures the idea that elements will be grouped perceptually if they are similar to each other .
The Law of Prägnanz ( figure - ground ) captures the idea that in perceiving a visual field , some objects take a prominent role ( the figures ) while others recede into the background ( the ground ) .
The Macintosh logo can be viewed as a regular happy face and a happy face in profile ( looking at a computer screen ) .
Source .
captures the idea that in perceiving a visual field , some objects take a prominent role ( the figures ) while others recede into the background ( the ground ) .
The law of symmetry captures the idea that when we perceive objects we tend to perceive them as symmetrical shapes that form around their centre .
captures the idea that when we perceive objects we tend to perceive them as symmetrical shapes that form around their centre .
The law of closure posits that we perceptually close up , or complete , objects that are not , in fact , complete .
We perceive the letters ‘ I ’ , ‘ B ’ , and ’ M ’ although the shapes we see , in fact , are only lines of white space of differing length hovering above each other .
Source .
You can find more information in the article Gestalt principles of form perception
The Self - Reference Effect Self - reference effect is particularly important for web writing and can dramatically improve the communication between authors and readers .
Things that are connected to our personal concept are remembered better than those which are n’t directly connected to us .
For instance , after reading an article users better remember the characters , stories or facts they had personal experience with .
In Usability the self - reference effect is usually used in terms of web writing and content presented on a web - site .
Usability Glossary : Terms and Concepts
Eye - Tracking
Eye tracking is the process of measuring either the point of gaze ( “ where we are looking ” ) or the motion of an eye relative to the head .
eye tracking monitor records every eye movement and highlights the most active areas on the site visually .
Eye - tracking studies can help to estimate how comfortable web users are with the web - site they ’re browsing through and how quickly they can understand the structure and system behind it .
You can find some interesting usability findings from recent eye - tracking study .
Fold
The fold is defined as the lowest point where a web - site is no longer visible on the screen .
The position of the fold is , of course , defined by the screen resolution of your visitor .
The region above the fold ( also called screenful ) describes the region of a page that is visible without scrolling .
Since the fold is seen directly without scrolling , it is often considered as the area which guarantees the highest possible ad click rates and revenues .
However , Fold area is n’t that important .
[ Usability.gov ]
Foveal viewport ( Foveal area )
The fovea , a part of human ’s eye , is responsible for sharp central vision , which is necessary in humans for reading , watching television or movies , driving , and any activity where visual detail is of primary importance .
Foveal area is a small wide space area where your eyes are aimed at and it is the only area where you can perceive the maximum level of detail .
Foveal area is a tight area of about two degrees of visual field or two thumbnails held in front of your eyes .
This is the place where you ’d like to deliver the most important messages of your visitors .
Foveal viewport is important , because outside of this wide screen area how your visitors see your web - pages change dramatically .
Inside this area is the only part of your vision with the maximal resolution - only here no eye scanning is necessary .
[ Source ]
Gloss Gloss is an automated action that provides hints and summary information on where the link refers to and where it will take the user once it ’s clicked .
Hints can be provided via title - attribute of links .
From the usability point of view users want to have the full control over everything what is happening on a web - site ; clear and precise explanations of internal and outgoing links , supported by sound anchor text , can improve the usability of a web - site .
Graceful Degradation ( Fault - tolerance ) Graceful Degradation is the property of a web - site to present its content and its basic features even if some of its components ( partly or at all ) ca n’t be displayed or used .
In practice it means that web - sites display their content in every possible “ fault ” scenario and can be used in every configuration ( browser , plug-ins , connection , OS etc. ) the visitor might have .
“ Power - users ” are still offered a full , enhanced version of the page .
For instance , it ’s typical to offer alternatives for Multimedia - content ( for instance image ) to ensure that the content can be perceived if images ca n’t be displayed .
[ Wikipedia ]
Granularity Granularity is the degree to which a large , usually complex data set or information has been broken down into smaller units .
Hotspot Hotspots are clickable site areas which change their form or / and outer appearance once they are clicked .
This is typical for : focus - effects when a link or any other site element is clicked .
Hotspot and gloss on Smashingmagazine.com
Legibility Legibility indicates how clear the text is visually .
Minesweeping Minesweeping stands for user interactions which aim to identify the links on a web - site .
In most cases minesweeping is a clear alarm signal for usability problems .
Usually minesweeping involves the user rapidly moving the cursor or pointer over a page , watching to see where the cursor or pointer changes to indicate the presence of a link .
[ Usability.gov ]
Mystery - Meat Navigation ( MMN ) In Web mystery - meat navigation describes designs in which it is extremely difficult for users to recognize the destinations of navigational hyperlinks — or determine where the hyperlinks are .
Physical consistency
This concept describes the consistent outer appearance of a web - site - e.g. the position of logos , navigation , the use of graphic elements and typography .
Physical consistency is essential for better orientation and effective site navigation .
Progressive Enhancement ( PE ) Progressive Enhancement is a design strategy in which sites are created in a layered fashion — from the basic functionality for all browsers to the additional , enhanced features for modern browsers .
The main advantage of progressive enhancement lies in its “ universal usability ” — i.e. the fact that it allows everyone to access the basic content and functionality of a web page , using any browser or Internet connection , while also providing those with better bandwidth or more advanced browser software an enhanced version of the page .
[ Wikipedia ]
Readability Readability describes the degree to which the meaning of text is understandable , based on the complexity of sentences and the difficulty of vocabulary .
Indexes for readability usually rank usability by the age or grade level required for someone to be able to readily understand a reading passage .
Readability is not legibility .
User -centered design ( UCD ) User - centered design is a design philosophy in which users , their needs , interests and behavior define the foundation of web - site in terms of site structure , navigation and obtaining the information .
UCD is considered as a standard approach for modern web - applications , particularly due to the rise of user generated content .
In Web 2.0 visitors have to be motivated to participate and therefore need conditions optimized for their needs .
Vigilance ( sustained attention )
Vigilance is the ability to sustain attention during prolonged , monotonous tasks such as proofreading a text looking for spelling errors , reminding of appointments , auto - saving word processor documents etc .
In modern web - applications vigilance tasks are performed in background , automatically and thus improve the usability of the service . [ I - D ]
Walk - Up - And - Use Design A Walk - up - and - use design is self - explanatory and intuitive , so that first - time or one - time users can use it effectively without any prior introduction or training . [ I - D ]
Wireframe A wireframe is a basic structure — skeleton — of a site that describes the ideas , concepts and site structure of a web - site .
Wireframes can be designed as presentations which explain to the stake holders how the site is designed , which functionality it offers and how users can accomplish their tasks .
Wireframes usually do n’t have any visual elements or a complete page layouts ; they are often first drafts and sketches designers create on paper .
Example ?
Here you go .
Wikipedia : Wireframes ]
Former Nixon advisor , actor , TV game show host and comedian , Ben Stein appeared with FOXNews '
Neil Cavuto and makes what is probably the most misguided , fact - free and delusional defense of Larry Craig we 've found since the scandal broke earlier this week .
Stein says Craig was railroaded , and that all he did was tap his foot .
He repeatedly accuses the Minneapolis Police Department of using Gestapo tactics and aiding terrorists because they should be scouring the airport looking for terrorists , fervently states that gay sex is n't illegal because the SCOTUS says so and then claims the Executive Branch may have been involved in bringing Craig down to change the balance of power in D.C. WTF ?
Download Download ( thanks to Scarce for the video )
As many as 20,000 private security contractors are working in Iraq
The Iraqi interior ministry said the contractor , based in North Carolina , was now banned from operating in Iraq .
The Blackwater workers , who were contracted by the US state department , apparently opened fire after coming under attack in Baghdad on Sunday .
Thousands of private security guards are employed in Iraq .
They are often heavily armed , but critics say some are not properly trained and are not accountable except to their employers .
We are taking it very seriously indeed
US embassy in Baghdad
The interior ministry 's director of operations , Maj Gen Abdul Karim Khalaf , said authorities would prosecute any foreign contractors found to have used excessive force .
" We have opened a criminal investigation against the group who committed the crime , " he told the AFP news agency .
All Blackwater personnel have been told to leave Iraq immediately , with the exception of the men involved in the incident on Sunday .
They will have to remain in the country and stand trial , the ministry said .
US investigation
The convoy carrying officials from the US state department came under attack at about 1230 local time on Sunday as it passed through Nisoor Square in the predominantly Sunni neighbourhood of Mansour .
The Blackwater security guards " opened fire randomly at citizens " after mortars landed near their vehicles , killing eight people and wounding 13 others , interior ministry officials said .
BLACKWATER USA FACTS
Founded in 1997 by a former US Navy SEAL Headquarters in North Carolina One of at least 28 Private Security Companies in Iraq Employs 744 US citizens , 231 third - country nationals , and 12 Iraqis to protect US state department in Iraq ( May 2007 ) Provided protection for former CPA head Paul Bremer Four employees killed by mob in Falluja in March 2004 Personnel have no combat immunity under international law if they engage in hostilities
Profile : Blackwater USA
Outsourcing the war
Most of the dead and wounded were bystanders , the officials added .
One of those killed was a policeman .
A spokeswoman for the US embassy in Baghdad later confirmed there had been an incident in which state department security personnel reacted to a car bomb " in the proximity " , and that they had been shot at .
" We are taking it very seriously indeed , " she told the BBC , adding that discussions were still taking place about Blackwater 's status now that they had been ordered to leave .
When asked if Blackwater was complying with the order , the spokeswoman said she could not comment because the investigation into the incident was still in progress .
A spokesman for the US Secretary of State , Condoleezza Rice , said she wanted to ensure that everything was being done to avoid the loss of innocent life and to make sure this kind of incident never happened again .
She is also expected to telephone Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Maliki to reassure him that the US had launched its own investigation .
Blackwater is reputed to have a contract worth $ 300 m ( £ 150 m ) with the state department to protect its diplomatic staff and equipment in Iraq .
The company , whose personnel have no combat immunity under international law if they engage in hostilities , has so far refused to comment on the shootings .
Civilian toll
Sunday 's violence followed the publication of a survey of Iraqis which suggested that up to 1.2 m people might have died because of the conflict in Iraq .
A UK - based polling agency , Opinion Research Business ( ORB ) , said it had extrapolated the figure by asking a random sample of 1,461 Iraqi adults how many people living in their household had died as a result of the violence rather than from natural causes .
The results lend weight to a 2006 survey of Iraqi households published by the Lancet , which suggested that about 655,000 Iraqi deaths were " a consequence of the war " .
However , these estimates are both far higher than the running total of reported civilian deaths maintained by the campaign group Iraq Body Count which puts the figure at between 71,000 and 78,000 .
We have received several emails from reader ’s today regarding concern over reports that Microsoft had begun patching files on Windows XP and Vista without users ' knowledge .
It was reported that even though the user had turned off auto - updates some of the files were still being updated .
windowssecrets.com/2007/09/13/01-Microsoft-updates-Windows-without-users-consent
blogs.zdnet.com / hardware /
blogs.zdnet.com / hardware /
There is a lot of concern about these updates and rightfully so .
One of our reader ’s , Wade , posed some very interesting questions in regard to this issue .
Here is what he had to say :
“ In the case of compliance auditing , does this revelation mean that unless we completely block access to the Microsoft update servers at the firewall , we cannot attest that we have full knowledge and control of all changes to our systems ?
Does this functionality classify as malware , in that changes to " your " system are occurring without your explicit knowledge or consent ?
( Ignoring the fact that you " signed " the EULA absolving Microsoft from any wrong doing in any situation ) . ”
As I thought about his questions , I have to admit that I agreed with him and that it does raise some issues in the area of compliance auditing and the ability to say without a doubt we have full control and knowledge of all changes made to our system .
I was concerned about how I would answer this question on my next audit .
So I decided to check with Microsoft to see what this was all about .
I quickly received information that has helped to at least put my mind at ease .
From what I can tell from the Microsoft information this update is not taking place automatically , but rather takes place when you go to their update site .
So if you never go to the update site or you never check for updates … you will not get the updates .
blogs.technet.com/mu/archive/2007/09/13/how-windows-update-keeps-itself-up-to-date.aspx
Microsoft ’s article contains this :
“ Before closing , I would like to address another misconception that I have seen publically reported .
WU does not automatically update itself when Automatic Updates is turned off , this only happens when the customer is using WU to automatically install upgrades or to be notified of updates . ”
So , I guess I feel a little better about this .
There is still the possibility , I suppose , Microsoft could install some other program via this process with out our knowledge .
( Malware and virus authors having been silently installing these programs for years ) .
For this reason we have to remain vigilant , watchful , and not become complacent when it comes to our computers and our networks .
Thanks to everyone that contributed links and information .
Update : ( 2007-09 -27 19:15 UTC by jac )
There was a followup story in Windows Secrets today about machines with this update being unable to reinstall patches if the " repair " option was used to reinstall the OS .
Our Microsoft sources have responded that they were only aware of one support call on the issue but stated
Many critics of the Iraq war are reluctant to suggest that President Bush went into it in anything but good faith .
But James Madison , widely known as the father of the Constitution , might have been more skeptical .
“ In war , the honors and emoluments of office are to be multiplied ; and it is the executive patronage under which they are to be enjoyed , ” he warned .
“ It is in war , finally , that laurels are to be gathered ; and it is the executive brow they are to encircle . ”
When they drafted the Constitution , Madison and his colleagues wrote their skepticism into the text .
In Britain , the king had the authority to declare war , and raise and support armies , among other war powers .
The framers expressly rejected this model and gave these powers not to the president , but to Congress .
The Constitution does make the president “ commander in chief , ” a title President Bush often invokes .
But it does not have the sweeping meaning he suggests .
The framers took it from the British military , which used it to denote the highest - ranking official in a theater of battle .
Alexander Hamilton emphasized in Federalist No. 69 that the president would be “ nothing more ” than “ first general and admiral , ” responsible for “ command and direction ” of military forces .
The founders would have been astonished by President Bush ’s assertion that Congress should simply write him blank checks for war .
They gave Congress the power of the purse so it would have leverage to force the president to execute their laws properly .
Madison described Congress ’s control over spending as “ the most complete and effectual weapon with which any constitution can arm the immediate representatives of the people , for obtaining a redress of every grievance , and for carrying into effect every just and salutary measure . ”
The framers expected Congress to keep the president on an especially short leash on military matters .
The Constitution authorizes Congress to appropriate money for an army , but prohibits appropriations for longer than two years .
Hamilton explained that the limitation prevented Congress from vesting “ in the executive department permanent funds for the support of an army , if they were even incautious enough to be willing to repose in it so improper a confidence . ”
Please do not put this page on any forums , blogs , and sites like reddit or Digg because it will go down !!!
This page might take a few minutes to load .
If you do n't have a broadband connection I feel sorry for you .
I really do .
Dubai in 1990 prior to the craziness
The same street in 2003
Last year
The madness .
Dubai is said to currently have 15 - 25 % of all the world 's cranes .
The Dubai Waterfront .
When completed it will become the largest waterfront development in the world .
All of this was built in the last 5 years , including that island that looks like a palm tree .
The Palm Islands in Dubai .
New Dutch dredging technology was used to create these massive man made islands .
They are the largest artificial islands in the world and can be seen from space .
Three of these Palms will be made with the last one being the largest of them all .
Upon completion , the resort will have 2,000 villas , 40 luxury hotels , shopping centers , movie theaters , and many other facilities .
It is expected to support a population of approximately 500,000 people .
It is advertised as being visible from the moon .
The World Islands .
300 artificially created islands in the shape of the world .
Each island will have an estimated cost of $ 25 - 30 million .
The Burj al - Arab hotel in Dubai .
The worlds tallest hotel .
Considered the only ' 7 star ' hotel and the most luxurious hotel in the world .
It stands on an artificial island in the sea .
Hydropolis , the world 's first underwater hotel .
Entirely built in Germany and then assembled in Dubai , it is scheduled to be completed by 2009 after many delays .
The Burj Dubai .
Construction began in 2005 and is expected to be complete by 2008 .
At an estimated height of over 800 meters , it will easily be world 's tallest building when finished .
It will be almost 40 % taller than the the current tallest building , the Taipei 101 .
This is what downtown Dubai will look like around 2008 - 2009 .
More than 140 stories of the Burj Dubai have already been completed .
It is already the worlds tallest man made structure and it is still not scheduled to be completed for at least another year .
The Al Burj .
This will be the centerpiece of the Dubai Waterfront .
Once completed it will take over the title of the tallest structure in the world from the Burj Dubai .
Recently it was announced that the final height of this tower will be 1200 meters .
That would make it more than 30 % taller than the Burj Dubai and three times as tall as the Empire State Building .
Wiki link and Skyscraper Page link .
Theres still more of this craziness .
Scientist says 300 - year overdue earthquake could cause thousands of deaths
Nick Juliano
Published : Friday August 10 , 2007
Print This Email This
A government scientist warns a massive earthquake three centuries in the making could shake southern California hard enough to kill thousands of people and cause " billions of dollars in damage , " according to news reports .
A devastating quake in California 's Coachella Valley usually occurs every 150 years , but its been more than 300 years since a quake shook the region .
" There will be several thousand dead and billions of dollars in damage , " said Lucy Jones , a seismologist at the U.S. Geological Survey , according to the Los Angeles Times .
Jones , a member of the California Seismic Safety Commission presented her " apocalyptic vision " to members of the earthquake safety panel at a meeting in Rancho Mirage , Calif. , the same day a magnitude 4.6 earthquake hit another part of the state , the Times reported .
Scientists consider a quake along the San Andreas Fault in the Coachella Valley " a near inevitability , " the Palm Springs Desert Sun reports , noting that such a quake could be the " most destructive natural disaster in U.S. history . "
Palm Spring is one of two cities participating in a study on the effects of a magnitude 7.8 earthquake on the fault , the paper reports .
The USGS is preparing for the " big one " and focusing on areas that would be hardest hit , Jones said .
" Almost seven meters of slip built up on the fault since the last earthquake , " Jones said , according to KNBC in Los Angeles .
" The Coachella Valley would have the highest level of shaking magnified by the sand which would amplify the shaking . "
Elephants aim the trunks toward something they wish to investigate , apparently helping them smell better .
Elephants can apparently smell and see which humans might be out to get them , research now suggests .
As elephants roam Amboseli National Park in Kenya within sight of famed Mt. Kilimanjaro , they may run afoul of members of the Maasai or Kamba tribes .
While the Kamba nowadays threaten only elephants that invade their farmland , Maasai warriors occasionally show off their virility by spearing elephants .
Since elephants face different levels of peril from people depending on their tribe , scientists reasoned elephants might use their senses to distinguish who might be dangerous .
For instance , the pachyderms might rely on their eyesight — Maasai traditionally wear red shawls .
The scientists also deduced that elephants might employ their keen sense of smell to distinguish Maasai from Kamba .
Their body odors likely differ because Maasai eat substantial amounts of milk and occasionally cattle blood and beef while the Kamba diet consists of vegetables and maize , along with some meat .
Also , unlike the Kamba , the Maasai use ochre and sheep fat in body decorations .
The researchers had heard of several instances of elephants reacting " to even faint signals of Maasai , with elephants running away from Maasai men that were several kilometers away , " said cognitive psychologist Lucy Bates at the University of St. Andrews in Scotland .
The pachyderms even stayed away from a vehicle " for several days after Maasai men had been carried in it . "
Cognitive psychologist Richard Byrne at the University of St. Andrews , along with Bates and colleagues , tried displaying clean , unworn red and white cloths on bushes in Amboseli .
They found elephants behaved significantly more aggressively toward the red cloths .
" We think that this is the first time that it has been experimentally shown that any animal can categorize a single species of potential predator into subclasses based on such subtle cues , " Bates said .
The researchers also presented elephants with red clothing that had been worn for five days by either a Maasai or a Kamba man .
The pachyderms reacted with greater fear toward the Maasai - scented clothing — they moved faster away and farther away , fleeing toward tall grass for cover , and took significantly longer to relax after they stopped running .
The differences the researchers saw between elephant responses to sights and smells might relate to the amount of risk the pachyderms sense .
" With any scent present , fear and escape reactions seem to dominate anything else , " Bates said .
Future research can focus on " what cues in the garments the elephants are attending to — what specific smells signal Maasai and Kamba ?
What aspect of the red cloths do the elephants respond to — the brightness , the hue ? "
Bates said .
Moreover , " we do n't know how many ethnic groups the elephants can discriminate , or how elephants respond to females of these groups — both of which would be interesting questions to answer , " she added .
The scientists , collaborating with the Amboseli Elephant Research Project , detailed their findings online Oct. 18 in the journal Current Biology .
Click to viewPear Cable , makers of the $ 7250 audio cables we showed you a couple of weeks ago , has accepted debunker James Randi's ( pictured at left ) challenge , where the former magician 's JREF ( James Randi Educational Foundation ) promised $ 1 million if anyone could prove the difference between Pear cables and their Monster Cable equivalent .
Today we received an answer to that challenge from Pear Audio CEO Adam Blake ( pictured above right , the guy who called Randi's challenge a hoax ) , saying the double - blind tester will be Michael Fremer , a Stereophile Magazine writer whose work also appears on musicangle .com .
Advertisement
UPDATE : When we asked Adam Blake who contacted who first , he told us , " Fremer contacted Randi first and we have been in contact with Mr. Fremer .
Pear Cable has had no direct contact with James Randi . "
Blake said it was Fremer 's idea to accept the challenge , and it will be he who receives the million dollars if he 's able to prove there 's a difference between the cables .
Okay , James Randi , the ball is now in your court .
Here 's the full text of the challenge response :
e Bay is one of the most successful Internet - only ventures of all time , so it 's not surprising that it has come under near - constant attack by fraudsters and hackers .
In the latest attempt , a hacker logged on to the eBay Trust and Security forums and pretended to post as 1,200 separate users , making it appear as if he had actually logged in with each user 's account .
The posts contained the users ' names , contact information , and credit card numbers .
That done , the hacker posted a video of his exploits on YouTube to celebrate his " achievement " ( the video has subsequently been taken down ) .
In response , eBay and LiveWorld — the third - party software firm that operates eBay 's web - based forums — took the entire Trust and Security forum offline while they looked into the problem .
The forum was taken down 90 minutes after the posts first hit the Web and was put back online later that day .
e Bay issued an official statement on its eBay Chatter forum , stating that while the posts appeared to contain credit card information , the posted numbers did not correspond to credit card information that eBay had on file for those users .
Nevertheless , the user names and contact information were accurate , and eBay claims they are attempting to get in contact by phone with each of the 1,200 users to ensure that they can protect themselves from any attempts at hijacking their accounts .
At this time , eBay is unclear as to whether or not the accounts have been fully compromised .
It is also not certain that only these 1,200 accounts are affected .
While the original posts and the YouTube video showing the list of names have been removed from the Web , an eBay member has grabbed as many of the account names as possible and posted them on a personal web site so that people can easily check to see if their account was one of the original 1,200 .
So far , the operator of this list has not been asked by eBay to take it down .
While this particular attack may not have revealed customers ' credit card information , there are plenty of fraudsters about who are trying their hardest to scam people out of their money : a helpful eBay forum member even posted a list of an astonishing 36 common scams currently being perpetrated against eBay users .
Most of these involve social manipulation and phishing scams rather than direct attack , but clearly they are effective : videos of hacked accounts posting over 60,000 items for bid show what the bad guys are likely to do once they have your account information .
It 's always a good idea to practice skeptical computing , but eBay users should take even greater care to ensure that they are not taken in by any of these scams .
An eBay representative did not return our request for a comment in time for publication .
WASHINGTON  The U.S. military says it has captured at least six al - Qaeda media centers in Iraq and arrested 20 suspected propaganda leaders since June .
The seizures of the centers underscore the importance al - Qaeda has placed on media , primarily the Internet , as a tool to communicate to its members and use against U.S. forces in Iraq .
The group 's media emphasis continues to increase , intelligence analysts say .
Al - Qaeda is keenly aware that the battle is ultimately for the " hearts and minds of the ummah , " the community of Muslim believers , says Gordon Woo , catastrophe analyst for RMS , a London - based firm that consults private companies on terrorism risks .
Woo notes that Ayman al - Zawahri , Osama bin Laden 's deputy , said in 2005 that most " of this battle is taking place in the battlefield of the media . "
The progress against al - Qaeda 's media operations stems from new offensives aimed at al - Qaeda sanctuaries and an emphasis on blunting the terrorist group 's extensive propaganda operations , U.S. officers say .
" One of our goals is to target these propaganda networks , and we 've had more success over the past three months , " says Air Force Col .
Donald Bacon , a staff officer at Multi-National Force - Iraq .
Those seizures have sharply curtailed the amount of videos and other communications posted to the Internet from Iraq , Bacon says .
Recent U.S. efforts have made it difficult for al - Qaeda 's Internet operations , but such successes are hard to define and may only be temporary , says Rita Katz of the SITE Institute , which monitors terrorist websites .
The SITE Institute noted al - Qaeda in Iraq 's recent distribution of a 20 - minute video , called " The Astray Arrow , " alleging the failure of the coalition 's offensive in Diyala province , Operation Arrowhead Ripper .
Al - Qaeda 's media output in Iraq dipped starting five or six weeks ago , Katz says , but it has since recovered .
The group often uses the Internet to raise money and attract recruits , the U.S. military says .
Al - Qaeda 's militants are ordered to film every attack they conduct on coalition or Iraqi forces , Bacon says .
Music is often added to the edited package , for effect .
For some Arab viewers who do n't regularly view Western media , the overwhelming impression from the videos could be that militants are winning .
The benefit for militants is to turn a single attack into a larger strategic weapon .
Along with the raids in Iraq , the Pentagon also is developing plans to attack computer networks and websites used by terrorists , military records show .
Gen . David Petraeus , the top U.S. commander in Iraq , told Congress last month that the " war is not only being fought on the ground in Iraq but also in cyberspace . "
Petraeus has " placed a greater command emphasis on the media war , " says Maj .
Winfield Danielson , a military spokesman in Iraq .
The terrorist group 's media centers are nondescript from the outside but jammed with production equipment , Bacon says .
One house raided recently in Samarra , north of Baghdad , included 12 computers , 65 hard drives and a filming studio .
The U.S. military says it has uncovered media operations in the past , but not as many as in recent months .
It is not clear how many centers exist , Bacon says .
Contributing : Richard Willing
The victim was shot near a motorway restaurant in Tuscany
Local authorities said there had been a " tragic error " when police intervened to quell violence between fans of Roman team Lazio and Turin - based Juventus .
The victim , a Lazio fan , was on his way to a match at Inter Milan when he was shot at a rest stop near Arezzo .
Later hundreds of armed fans attacked a police barracks and the Italian Olympic Committee headquarters in Rome .
Investigation
The Inter - Lazio game was postponed after the shooting and other matches started 10 minutes late , with players and officials wearing black armbands .
The Juventus fans were reportedly on their way from Naples to an away match against Parma .
" It was a tragic error , " said Arezzo police chief Vincenzo Giacobbe .
" Our agent had intervened to prevent the brawl between these two groups , who had not been identified as fans , " Mr Giacobbe said , according to the Italian news agency Ansa .
The victim was identified as Gabriele Sandri , a 26 - year - old disc jockey from Rome .
He was apparently shot while in a car outside the motorway restaurant .
Gabriele Sandri worked as a disc jockey in the Italian capital
Police suggested the fan may have been killed by a warning shot .
The exact details of the shooting are unclear and an investigation is underway .
News of the death prompted anger among Italian fans .
In Bergamo , where Atalanta were playing AC Milan , police and fans clashed ahead of the match .
The game was abandoned 10 minutes after kick - off , when fans tried to smash down a barrier and force their way onto the pitch .
Barricaded in
Sunday 's late match between AS Roma and Cagliari in Rome was also postponed .
Rioters set vehicles alight near Rome 's Stadio Olimpico
But a crowd of people wielding rocks and clubs turned up outside the Stadio Olimpico and attacked a police barracks and the HQ of the Italian Olympic Committee .
Security guards in the HQ barricaded themselves in as fans outside smashed windows and burned vehicles as they clashed with police .
The mob blocked off one end of a bridge over the Tiber and ordered motorists to leave the area .
Scores of police were injured .
In April the Italian government introduced a law aimed at stamping out football hooliganism .
It was enacted after a policeman was killed in rioting at a match in Sicily in February .
By now we are all familiar with the litany of reports about the god-awful state of reading in America , the table - talk obituaries about the marketplace for serious literary fiction , and the guttering candles critics keep lighting prematurely around the deathbed of the American short story .
The litany goes like this :
One of four Americans did n’t read a book last year ; major book reviews are shrinking ; magazines have dumped or drastically reduced their publication of short stories .
If the literary market is lousy in general , short fiction is not even on the agenda .
Agents willing to consider short fiction at all now “ bundle ” collections with novels or even nonfiction books .
A sense of crisis is setting in : “ What Ails the Short Story ? ” Stephen King asked after editing The Best American Short Stories 2007 .
Contemporary masters still practice the form , including Alice Munro , Deborah Eisenberg , Lydia Davis , and Christine Schutt , to name only four personal favorites .
And four of the five PEN / Faulkner nominees this year were short story writers — Amy Hempel , Edward P. Jones , Eisenberg , and Charles D’Ambrosio .
( This year ’s MacArthur Genuis Grant recipients included a short story writer as well , Stuart Dybek . )
Although D’Ambrosio ’s book had sold only 3,000 hardbacks prior to the PEN nomination , commerce is n’t the barometer of respect for the arts .
Still , the discontent amongst younger short story writers cannot be wished away by a few happy anecdotes .
Short story writers now spend years crafting a collection only to be dismissed by agents or to throw their work on the mercy of university press book contests , a lottery for one - year creative writing positions .
King blamed the state of things on “ the bottom shelf ” - ing of short fiction in the public eye , while the typical “ death of reading in America ” article pins shrinking audiences on competition from TV , movies , and the Internet .
And what about that wonderland of digital publication , which in many ways has been good for the national conversation about ideas ?
Online publishing still makes most fiction writers feel like second - class literary citizens .
The short fiction contest at Zoetrope All - Story does not print its winners on physical pages but in a “ special ” online supplement .
Some writers object on principle to the Zoetrope competition for this reason , while others shun online publications because they do n’t count with academic search committees or the O. Henry Prize Anthology , which maintains a policy of having magazine editors submit physical copies of issues to its judges .
( King said that he downloaded “ a few ” stories in reading for the 2007 Best American collection . )
The short story ’s troubles stem from what Marxist critics used to call “ the means of production , ” which is to say that , unlike Chekhov or Fitzgerald , younger folks can’t feed themselves writing the stuff anymore .
Thanks to MFAs and literary quarterlies , short fiction lives as a fine art , like jazz , classic music , opera , ballet , and poetry .
King , who also blamed stories “ written for editors and teachers rather than for readers ” for the current malaise , got it wrong here :
Thank heaven for the universities and nonprofits who see fit to support journals , small presses , and creative writing departments filled with brilliants who would be squeezed out by market forces .
Yet these are reduced circumstances , making younger short story writers the literary equivalent of that generation of babies born today who will live shorter lives than their parents .
Many of the writers slated by King as “ airless , ” “ self - referring , ”
“ show - offy , ” “ self - important , ” and “ guarded ” probably developed their
first pimply love affair with reading through King ’s technophobic tales
of possessed cars , malevolent consumer products , post - apocalyptic
wastelands , and Better Living Through Chemistry Gone Mad .
When these
writers become teachers , I hope they recommend King ’s inspiring book On Writing
to their students .
But I do n’t know why 2007 ’s Co-Arbiter of Taste in
Short Fiction feels the need to kick literary baby carriages down
critical subway steps — it has to be part of an ongoing grudge match
with the academy even if King does n’t use the term “ MFA . ” King clearly
cares about fiction and went out of his way to read widely for his Best American
picks , but his argument is nonsense : the “ airless ” short story is by no
means the exclusive commodity of the present day , and there are too
many good short stories published every year to fit in the Best American volume , not too few , which is why the series always includes a supplemental list of 100 other highly recommended stories .
No pessimism of any sort can be admitted in the cheerful propaganda dispensed by the Glee Club of technology boosters who claim they ’re going to save literature using Web sites , blogs , POD publishing , National Novel Writing Month , podcasts , iPhones , e-books , and the like .
According to the gurus of the interweb , the cultural changeover from print to digital is supposed to usher in a golden tomorrow of universal democratic access .
Sony , Amazon , and Google are the latest contenders in new e-book schemes that most people thought died a whimpering backroom death in the 1990s .
HarperCollins is touting browsable free samples of books for the iPhone , starting with Ray Bradbury .
Amazon is starting a fiction contest with Penguin , featuring online submissions to be judged by Amazon ’s top citizen - soldier book reviewers .
And from this day forward until the last instant of recorded time , every Harlequin Romance — hundreds of titles a year — will be downloadable from the privacy of one ’s home .
The short fiction writer ’s reaction to most of this stuff is probably “ Ugh . ” Students and business travelers , who can ditch armloads of books and read from a palm - sized device , will probably rejoice over the new e-books .
These devices make the skin of most writers crawl .
Many if not most serious fiction writers still think of digital media as a threat rather than an opportunity .
The online world , especially for the older crowd , is still conventionally depicted as a kind of South Bank of London filled with the literary equivalent of bear - baiting .
The technology boosters think of themselves as saviors of a hopelessly backward humanity , while grim - jawed Luddites are bracing themselves for an apocalyptic cultural collapse involving “ the death of literature ” rather than simply the death of print ’s dominance .
Both camps in the Print Wars rely on a similar and false sense of crisis .
Human beings crave and adore absorption in narrative .
The delivery mechanism for thinking entertainment can be pressed into clay , carved in stone , repeated from memory around a fire , incised on scrolls , illuminated , printed , typed , Xeroxed , acted out , filmed , animated , YouTubed , Second Lived , IMed , blogged , or beamed from Earth to Mars and back again on handheld screens .
The problem for short fiction is that novels grab what ’s left over after the movies , cable , and online media .
But it ’s not the technology that matters so much as the human need for a story and a storyteller , the proverbially needed figure the reporter in William Faulkner ’s 1935 novel Pylon jokingly calls “ a connotator of the world ’s doings , ” and even more ironically refers to as “ the molder of the people ’s thoughts . ”
Yet even after making these remarks , Faulkner ’s reporter nevertheless struggles to write something that will be better than the news , surely the fiction writer ’s main goal .
In Pylon , Faulkner set out to document the lives of traveling stunt airplane pilots in order to figure out what was becoming of humanity in an era subjected to so much unprecedented speed , uprooted - ness , petroleum fumes , and outrageous technological change .
The “ death of print , ” the “ death of literature , ” the “ death of books , ” and the death of reading culture — the death of irony , and now the death of the short story — nothing dies more quickly than the “ death of ” article .
In a 1996 Harper ’s essay on the fate of serious literature , novelist Jonathan Franzen warned of dark ages ahead in the characteristic mode of the day :
if anybody who mattered in business or government believed there was a future in books , we would not have been witnessing such a frenzy … for an Infobahn whose proponents paid lip service to the devastation it would wreak on reading ( “ You have to get used to reading on a screen ” ) but could not conceal their indifference to the prospect .
Of course people did get used to reading on a screen .
Some went on to fall in love , write blogs , form communities to discuss the works of Thomas Pynchon and William Gaddis , and do all manner of unpredictable , lovely , strange , obscene , and absurd things online that no one could have possibly foreseen .
You have to hand it to humanity — really , there ’s no stopping us from entertaining ourselves .
But Franzen wrote because he wanted to know how books like Catch - 22 had “ seeped into the national imagination , ” and whether fiction and fiction writers could still perform such miracle feats in his day .
That question — similar to Faulkner ’s reaction to a new world of flying machines in Pylon — is a durable good no matter what technological twists , turns , platforms , data storage methods , and operating systems we will successively pass and leave abandoned on Bill Gates ’
The Road Ahead .
Another unabashedly Luddite text from the mid-1990s , Sven Birkerts ’ book The Gutenberg Elegies , as its subtitle suggested , was mainly a funeral eulogy for The Fate of Reading in an Electronic Age .
But it was clear - eyed one : “ We are in the midst of an epoch - making transition .
The societal shift from print - based to electronic communications is as consequential for culture as was the shift instigated by Gutenberg ’s invention of movable type . ”
His main argument was that “ the experience of depth ” would diminish along with book culture , but , intriguingly , he also wondered whether “ language is a hardier thing than I have allowed . ”
Birkerts thought it was possible that language might “ flourish among the beep and click and the monitor as readily as it did on the printed page . ”
This was n’t hot air :
As Editor of AGNI , the literary magazine published by Boston University , Birkerts established a parallel web magazine that publishes literary fiction and poetry that may not ever appear in print .
•
The Internet has not devastated reading or abolished books .
In some ways it has diminished reading and in other ways it has probably revived reading and writing more than TV or movies , especially for many young people , albeit in a more roving , browsing , grammatically questionable , and less attentive form , through email , chat , MySpace , and Facebook .
The shift from print to the Web as the main entry point into the public square of ideas is a technological - cultural shift that gives anyone with a computer free access to the world of ideas .
It is difficult to perceive the harm in this development .
That said , despite the best efforts of Robert Coover ( author of a classic “ The End of Books ” article ) and Shelley Jackson ( author of the CD - ROM - based story “ Patchwork Girl ” ) , as well as the digital experiments of the Brown University Creative Writing Program , it can not be said that hypertext fiction has really taken off or taken root amongst readers or writers , either .
That ’s meant descriptively , not pejoratively .
Jeff Parker and Kevin Kelly have written eloquently of the link as a “ whole new literary joy ” and a “ type of intelligence common on the web , but previously foreign to the world of books , ” respectively .
I loved Choose Your Own Adventure books as a kid .
But fiction seems stubbornly resistant to the concept at present .
The salvation or damnation promised for the apocalypse just has n’t happened ; the apocalypse itself continues not to happen .
We ’ve stumbled on , not forward or backward so much as blindly and haltingly , into a “ digital future ” that never measures up to the best or worst predictions .
The future tends to look eerily like the present because of the persistence of human nature .
Books , those clunky old lovable things , do n’t appear to be vanishing anytime soon .
Even Shelley Jackson publishes them .
And it happens to be the case that the online world craves a lot of text — in some ways it is a world of text or a world that cannot exist without writing .
•
Up till now , good fiction has been something consumed in solitude by people with free time and disposable income .
At its best fiction becomes an all - absorbing world .
There is a world of Pylon and of To the Lighthouse ; Faulkner and Woolf may no longer be living people , but they have become places anyone can visit .
As an art form with cultural value , serious fiction is also founded on a big risk that hardly ever gets acknowledged :
You sacrifice a chunk of your precious and finite days on the premise that you ’ll enjoy your time away and bring something back from your trip .
This is reading , aptly described as a “ shadow life ” by Birkerts in The Gutenberg Elegies .
Great novels and short stories separate us from our fellow human beings , temporarily .
They might leave us better equipped to imagine their suffering upon our return .
But during the experience , we ’re disengaged , sometimes mute .
In that sense , serious fiction seems diametrically opposed to the kinds of imaginary communities , games , interactions , and buzzing , surfing , and chatting experiences available online .
“ Only connect , ” E. M. Forster once wrote , but the how and why of connecting online seems categorically different from how fiction works .
That quality of all - consuming solitary readerly absorption — what Birkerts champions as “ depth ” — is essentially humane and its evaporation is alarming .
For many the plug - in required to run serious fiction gets disused or was never installed at the factory to begin with because the developers considered it a fancy and unnecessary optional extra .
But the real question is whether the Internet and other new digital platforms are more of the same assault begun by movies , television , cable , and computer games , or whether , after serious fiction writing reaches its nadir , it can re-infiltrate the culture using a combination of books , the Web , and wireless screens .
Call me , Ishmael — or , better yet , text me — when the answer emerges , because I do n’t pretend to know .
Certainly an increasing amount of good short stories are available in online - only formats .
University - backed quarterlies like AGNI and The Mississippi Review now have parallel Web editions featuring short stories , many by emerging and younger writers .
Longer - standing online ventures include Blackbird , failbetter.com , storySouth , Drunken Boat , and The Barcelona Review .
Newer online journals – Memorious , GutCult , Small Spiral Notebook — pop up on the NewPages site .
The short fiction available online can’t compete in quality with the better print quarterlies .
The pay is virtual .
The work hardly ever gets anthologized .
But what ’s done for love alone shows the resilience of the short story as a serious art form .
Quantity is not quality , but the existence of so much fiction online , with so little pay for anyone involved suggests serious dedication and a level of unwarranted hope that is heartening .
There are also a few professional advantages .
It ’s nice to have quality work online as a kind of Google - able C.V.
Reputable agents browse these sites and contact writers directly if they like what they see .
Online short fiction , then , is becoming a kind of “ portfolio ” format that many younger writers want when they are starting out .
Even so , fiction does n’t work so well on the Web .
Perhaps we ’re not yet hardwired to sustain our concentration scrolling down a long Web page .
There may be something biological about it , or least generational .
It ’s also likely that online fiction remains in a very primitive stage of its evolution .
What we have now are stories originally designed for print that are slapped up on Web pages instead , regardless of length and with no consideration given to the very different form in which they will be consumed .
There is a lot of fiction online , in other words , but not a great deal of online fiction .
Nonfiction has found a plethora of ways to engage digitally : using links , shaping content to blog formats , getting shorter and snappier , and so forth .
Short fiction has n’t bothered much , and frankly online it does n’t seem all that “ short . ”
It ’s not that online editors and browsing readers do n’t like fiction .
It ’s more likely something at the core of fiction itself that resists quick scanning and browsing .
And the paradox is that this quality is one of fiction ’s greatest and most humane virtues .
•
Printed books are still how serious fiction writers make a living in our culture , either through publishers ’ advances and movie deals , or by validating an author ’s meal ticket at a university creative writing department .
The existence of things like Oprah ’s Book Club ( in truth run largely through her show ’s Web site ) and Amazon.com suggests that printed books will endure in the digital age .
As the literary blogger Scott Esposito notes in this thoughtful post , browsing the Web and browsing a good bookshop are far from mutually exclusive activities .
As far as I know , however , nobody in their senses would rather publish for free on MySpace if they can sell a book and get it printed .
Would this change , however , if writers could get paid or become part of some excitement through these new technologies , in a somewhat similar fashion to a MySpace musician producing chart - topping songs ?
If there were an iTunes for new short stories that amalgamated writing from lots of journals , would that work for iPhones ?
The HarperCollins project to develop browse - able Bradbury for the iPhone appears to be a toe in this sort of water for the English - speaking world , although as yet the project is geared toward book purchases through free samples , not a fundamentally literary use of the technology .
One strategy that might work for the short fiction of the future — when printed books may be only one among many “ platforms ” available — is brevity .
Both Esquire and Wired have created short story features based on very tight length requirements : Esquire.com ’s Napkin Fiction
Project hosted short stories that fit on a drinks napkin , while Wired limited its writers to just six words , as in Margaret Atwood ’s piece — “ Longed for him .
Got him .
Shit . ”
Dave Eggers wrote microscopic fiction as a regular feature for The Guardian , and McSweeney ’s recently published 145 Stories in a Small Box as well as an ongoing feature on its
Web site in which writers completed short stories based upon F. Scott Fitzgerald ’s notebook entries .
When I see iPhones , my honest reaction is , can somebody please put little stories up on those tiny - tot screens ?
Miniaturization , beyond being trendy , seems to fit this browsing age .
Stories that fit in a window on the Web or can be consumed on the train — little fiction jukeboxes — mimic the form of life people are actually living .
The classic account of The Rise of the Novel by Ian Watt linked the appearance of the form in 18th century England to the reading habits of day .
Rushed
readers might prefer to gulp down literature in pill form .
Seriously : Should the fiction writer ’s goal be to surf or resist cultural trends ?
Writers mining old classics for novel forms could revisit figures like Felix Feneon , the turn - of - the - century French Anarchist journalist who created “ Novels in Three Lines ” out of strange incidents from news wire stories .
The French word was “ nouvelles , ” which actually meant “ The News in Three Lines ” for Feneon , although the same French word means “ short stories . ”
In a review of Luc Sante ’s new translation of Feneon for The London Review of Books , Julian Barnes noted a tendency among writers of Feneon ’s day that seems resonant : “ The great descriptive and critical project that had been the realist novel – from Flaubert via Goncourt and Maupassant to Zola – had run its course , had sucked up that world and left little for the next generation of practitioners .
The only way forward lay through compression , annotation , pointillism . ”
Gide complained that this type of writing was “ not a river but a
distillery . ”
Surely food for thought here for short fiction writers trying to cope with the madness and delight of annotating the digital world .
The great American blog novel — yet to be written as far as I know — will not be a novel written on a blog but instead be the blog of a compelling fictional character , or a community of interacting invented literary personas , the online equivalent of the Portuguese Fernando Pessoa , who invented poets from various schools with clashing manifestoes .
This approach would take fiction back to one its sources in the 17th century , the “ jest biography , ” such as The Life of Long Meg of Westminster .
Somebody wonderful has already done this in comic form with the “ blog ” of the Incredible Hulk .
Another strategy that publishers could resurrect for digital media is Victorian - style serialization .
Episodic structures with very brief chapters for browsing or downloading in bite sized chunks might work well online if they managed to retain the larger shape of a full - blown book .
Charging for episodes or individual titles , as Stephen King once tried to do online with “ The Plant , ” is wrongheaded .
An HBO style buffet , or annual subscriptions to an array of publishers , would work much better .
In addition , publishers probably ought to consider reviving another old idea — producing preview anthologies with excerpts from their upcoming books as if they were magazines , not just single - publisher PR newsletters like The Borzoi Reader .
Made available for free online , these would act like the old Works in Progress and New World Writing to generate pre-publication buzz .
The motto of the latter , “ Today ’s New World Writing Is Tomorrow ’s Good Reading for the Millions , ” now seems almost unbearably touching , especially when one learns that the 1952 issue peddled works by William Gaddis and Flannery O’Connor : paperback price , fifty cents .
•
Thomas Pynchon once asked , “ Is it OK to be a Luddite ? ” And Stephen King wrote in Time that “ you can have my gun , but you can take my book when you pry my cold , dead fingers off the binding . ”
Birkerts described the advent of digital culture as entailing a death struggle between “ technology and soul . ”
Okay , we get it , elders and betters , yes , duly noted , caveat lector .
But many younger writers just feel differently about all this stuff .
We no longer view our computers with universal suspicion , as HAL 9000s in waiting that will turn on us one day or another .
Many of us type instead of writing and browse as much as we read , especially for ephemera like news and commentary .
Unlike our parents or older brothers and sisters , we were raised up on Atari and IntelliVision , we learned BASIC at school and played Frogger down at the arcade .
We ’re actually fond of this junk .
Those of us born in the 1970s are a straddling generation who knew life Before and After the digitization of everything .
We ’re straddlers of centuries and millennia as well , of the end of the Cold War and the beginning of the post - September 11 era .
The main thing is that serious fiction writing — that collective enterprise one might call RIPPING YARNS , INC . , whatever the delivery method — cannot be allowed to go away .
Writing has survived and adapted to film and television and it must survive and adapt to digital media , too .
The problem with both the Luddites and the Technorati is that they tend to moralize technology itself , as if a screen or an iPhone or a web page or a blog could be “ good ” or “ bad ” by definition , rather than simply representing a number of blank , inert platforms for the same basic human storytelling impulse .
It ’s the stuff on these pages and screens that matters .
Whether it becomes valuable to culture depends on qualities that probably do n’t change all that much .
Not only are the Luddites fighting a losing battle — although it ’s always an attractive temptation to present oneself as a heroic representative of a lost era in a world newly diminished by barbaric sound and fury — but they are also missing out on a specific historical opportunity to cross the Thames and try to establish a Globe or two on the South Bank of the digital divide .
• 12 October 2007
If you 're new here , you may want to subscribe to my RSS feed .
Thanks for visiting !
Minimalism is indeed the art of less .
As a life philosophy , minimalists focus on a few essential elements of life disregarding or making less use of everything else .
Also in literature Minimalism has been profoundly explored .
The action is led by context rather than actual description and the “ image ” is much up to the reader to recreate .
Same applies for minimalism in music where composition tends to be stripped down to essentials , often creating repetitions of sound .
It ’s up to the audience to fill in the gaps .
Translated to the visual arts , Minimalism tends to focus on the abstract .
Simple things capable of evoking emotion without superfluous content .
A bash of color on a white canvas , or an expanded detail can bring out great minimalist paintings .
Minimalism in Photography
When it comes to photography , Minimalism gets somewhat confusing with many schools of thought discussing it .
Some believe that the definition and execution of minimalism in the other plastic arts should also be translated for photography ( detail , less information , etc. ) while others tend to agree that in photography minimalism is more open to creativity and as long as there is a focus on the subject and the background is buried , a photo can be considered minimalist .
This latter school of thought can widely include some macro shots in the category .
As a personal opinion , I tend to go with the first .
Less information , high contrast between background and subject , and often extremism in processing .
The photo on the right is , for me , a prime example .
A fairly common tabletop image where the majority of the frame is devoid of light with only two objects ( far from abstract ) perfectly visible and recognizable .
All the main focus goes to these two objects .
One thing that attracted me in this photo was the fact that although the cup is on a secondary plane , the way it was illuminated ( or photoshoped ) makes it the primary subject on the frame .
The eyes are naturally drawn to it .
Color in minimalism
Although I ’m fond of monochromes , color can play a big role in minimalist photos , but extra care needs to be employed if minimalism is the objective .
A frame full of color with an abstract theme does not make it a minimalist photo per se .
Now , if the colors are blended well , and the whole frame is devoid a main subject , my guess is that you can categorize it as such ( photo on the right ) .
Another prime example for minimalism is “ light painting ” .
Usually a frame is black with traces of light as the main subject .
In these cases , color is almost essential .
In the images above you can see what I meant .
Although the right one still produces a nice effect , the left one ( original ) is much more powerful due to color , but both can be considered minimalist .
Another application of color in minimalism is to actually withdraw the attention from the subject .
This type of photos is usually not much seen since the subjects loose priority in the frame and require a “ special kind of taste ” from the audience to be truly appreciated .
Nonetheless , using a background with the same tonal patterns as the subject can produce some highly appealing minimalist photography .
Minimalism in Portrait Photography
If you search around , you ’ll see that the great photography artists became known for their portraits .
Portrait Photography is one of the hardest subjects of photography to master .
So much is a variable that does not depend on the photographer , although much of it can be circumvented by proper studio techniques .
Minimalism portraits are , as a rule , obtained by playing with the light .
Hiding features with shadow while highlighting others is usually the norm and can lead to the most beautiful albeit extreme photos .
Again , much of the success depends on the model , and when I ’m the model it ca n’t really be said that beautiful photos come out .
Hey , I ’ve tried .
6 Tips for Minimalist photos
Remove eye distractions :
Anything that can be taken out of the frame , take it out , or hide it in shadow .
Let there be only one main subject on the frame .
Make it Striking :
Whether you go for a splash of color or a splash of light , make it in a way that captures the eye .
Make it though provoking : A photo does n’t need to tell it all .
Make it so your audience has to engage the neurons and think about what you are trying to say .
Play with light :
Hide and highlight your subject with shadows and light in a way that represents a not - so - common approach .
Go for patterns : Repetitive patterns in an image can make it not only beautiful but appealing .
Again , do n’t reveal everything .
Details matter :
While a wide frame with plenty of information can be beautiful , the secret of minimalism is in details .
And this concludes my first thoughts on Minimalism in Photography .
It ’s a field that I ’m very passionate about and it ’s more than likely that I ’ll come back to it again .
This is also , of course , my own entry to my Minimalism in Photography Project .
Now , get out there and explore your minimalist side .
Oh , and take your camera with you …
Click to view [ Updated 4:37 PM
7/11/07 ]
Greetings irrational fanboys and Apple haters !
Ten days and 12,000 ~ 13,500 words later , our stone - cold look at what it means to own an iPhone is done .
Before we get to the in depth hands - on , here 's the verdict I 'd give any good friend :
Wait to buy the iPhone .
Advertisement
Apple iPhone Review Click to view [ Updated 4:37 PM
7/11/07 ]
Greetings irrational fanboys and Apple haters !
Ten days and …
Read more
Wait for What ?
Look , I 'm not saying wait for version 2.0 .
You do n't need new hardware to love the phone ; version 1.1 should do it .
Wait until Apple updates the software .
That was a hard to write , since I 'm thumbing through my own iPhone like a teenager with his first Playboy .
This is what the phone of the future will look like , and Steve Jobs and Apple should be proud .
i Phone of 2010 aside , this model must be judged on what it is today .
Like every other journalist will tell you , its multitouch UI , browser and iPod are all pants - worthy .
But as the honeymoon sets , I find myself left with a phone that could be more functional .
I could make comparisons to high - end Nokia or Helio phones that have endless lists of wonderful features like GPS , YouTube video uploading and more .
But only a douchebag would tackle the iPhone for lacking esoteric tricks ; things that belong on a Wish List for v2.0 .
That 's not what I 'm talking about .
Advertisement
So what 's your main problem with the iPhone ?
The real elephant in the room is the fact that I just spent $ 600 on my iPhone and it can't do some crucial functions that even $ 50 handsets can .
I 'm talking about MMS .
Video recording .
Custom ringtones .
Mass storage .
Fully functioning Bluetooth with stereo audio streaming .
Voice dialing when you 're using a car kit .
Sending contact info to other people .
Instant friggin ' messenging .
Sending an SMS to more than one recipient at a time .
You are Missing the Point , Lam .
These seem like cheap shots .
I know these minor things do n't sound like much to bitch over , but the negative sum of these granular functions bite into my satisfaction ; I 've come to miss the little things as I live with this superphone and realize its shortcomings in the practicality department .
And while writers are covering these facts in a glancing manner , alongside the quirky QWERTY , lack of 3G , and weak email support , I feel like they are under emphasizing the flaws in light of the shock and awe of the phone 's Wonders .
This is n't anything as sinister as journalistic corruption ; I believe we all are genuinely impressed .
But maybe lots have forgotten what it is like to camp , buy , sign a contract and depend on a lone phone for many years .
I 'd trade fancy CoverFlow for that list of basics any day .
Are you going to ignore the good stuff just to be a contrarian prick ?
Anyone decidedly anti-Apple who is grinning at what I 've written so far should also know how much this is NOT a takedown ; likely , you are using a handset I would n't even pee on cough * w m6 * cough .
I 'm being hard on this phone because I have profound respect for this device , and want it to do better .
In homage , let me quickly rehash the ass - kissage which has been told many times before : I have spent many long minutes fingering the LCD , enthralled by multitouch 's effortless ability to zoom into photos and scroll through long lists .
It makes the 3.5 - inch screen exponentially more useful than any 480 x 320 pixel LCD should be .
What can Microsoft do with multitouch ?
They can put it in a friggin ' $ 10 k table for the Sheraton and T - Mobile .
I love the buttonless design , and even if the keyboard is not as effective as a hardware model , it can be damn fast .
While many tech luminaries have said they 'd wanted to defenestrate the iPhone after struggling with its ghost QWERTY , people have been running at 35 - 40 WPM three days in .
Safari on the iPhone is the best browser ever seen on a mobile , with or without Flash , because it actually renders everything " as it should " .
The iPod 's use of Coverflow , coupled with decent battery life for media playback , and the big screen make it the best media phone the world has ever seen .
I had n't previously used an iPod for video , for lack of want , but I find myself loading it with home movies and photos just to celebrate the iPhone 's talent .
That EDGE connection we were all bitching about pre-launch ?
When reception is good , it 's surprisingly quick for browsing and even YouTube .
And as Jason Chen wisely puts it , " People who are patient enough to wait for a 3G version of the iPhone should theoretically be patient enough to wait for EDGE downloads . "
The hardware is wondrous ; that LCD , covered in optical grade glass happens to be the brightest , most contrasty little screen I 've ever seen .
The minimalist design makes every other cellphone look as stodgy as a rotary phone .
How 's that for gushing ?
Advertisement
Advertisement
So what if I do n't care about any of the missing features you mentioned ?
What else is there to keep me from buying ?
[ MAJOR UPDATE ]
Since launch , people have been ticked off about a rumor that the battery will last 400 charges and then die , costing roughly $ 80 to replace .
This is completely wrong .
( Here 's a post with the correction . )
After 400 cycles , the battery of the iPhone will still have up to 80 % of it 's max capacity .
Perfectly acceptable , and seemingly better than what I 've seen in many other gadgets .
The wording is here on Apple 's website , on the right hand side of the page .
( Search for " 80 % " . )
That 's on par with industry for lithium polymer batteries .
The real battery issue is that many of the units are running far below rated capacity on day one .
My phone only had 40 % left after 4 hours of light to moderate use ; the statistically significant evidence is that I personally know four other journalists , in different parts of the country , with this problem .
Apple took the best care of me , as a customer and my second unit was better .
Waiting for the bad batteries to shake out of the stockrooms could be key here .
Advertisement
And then you 'd be happy ?
No .
It has been raked over 1000 times , but let 's talk about the missing SDK in a new light .
I initially understood both sides of the argument .
Devs and fanboys want crazy cool apps ; Jobs was quoted as wanting system stability .
Jobs has a great point .
But , ironically , a 10 - day test reveals another thing the initial reviewers missed — this thing is not Mac stable , it is maybe Windows mobile stable ( although no where near as laggy , thankfully ) .
Apps crash out a few times a week , especially in the uncontrolled web , using Safari .
To Steve 's point , it does go down gracefully , with little to no collateral damage to the phone 's core stability .
Having just defended the iPhone 's lack of an SDK , I will say this :
The majority of the web apps are pretty lame compared to apps like the native Google Maps and the simple but satisfying weather widget .
And the more robust these webapps get , the heavier they 'll be while iPhone struggles to fetch both the logic and data over EDGE when Wi -Fi is n't around .
I have five words for you , Apple : OS X Dashboard Widget Converter .
Why would Apple not trust in the same external community of Apple-ites who developed iTunes , Coverflow , Multitouch , and Dashboard Widgets before you bought them out ?
These people are geniuses .
Let them help the iPhone 's feature set .
The good news ?
Since the phone is n't carrier - subsidized , there should n't be much stink about cracking the iPhone 's software open for unofficial use .
It only took a day to work around the iPhone 's activation , scheme , making it a $ 600 , WiFi iPod with Safari and mail .
And now the file structure has been cracked .
Still , nothing 's gonna be better than official support .
Apple probably anticipated this .
Is there anything that you think can't be fixed ?
Yes .
Rosie O'Donnell 's vagina .
[ Update : Rosie 's vagina called and threatened us with a lawsuit .
Kidding , some readers who were Rosie Fans were offended .
AT&T is actually more like a Yeti's vagina , so we will go with that . ]
There are more complications that may never be resolved .
Regarding the iPhone 's network partner , Pogue cites Consumer Reports when he says that AT&T has the worst or second to worst reception in 19 out of 20 major cities .
Pathetic .
Jason 's informal testing shows it to be fine , but sound quality for me has been not good and I have to redial dropped calls with alarming frequency ; whether that is reception or hardware , it does n't matter .
Apple is in bed with AT&T for at least 5 years .
Which circles me back to my metaphor .
Signing up for the iPhone is like being tossed into a menage a trois with Angelina and Rosie O'Donnell a She - Yeti .
Like 3G , there 's no easy fix for this one , but it 's something I can live with , as long as AT&T continues to do their part .
Their part being " drastically improving customer service , the data and voice network , while not jacking up pricing . "
This is nothing we should hold our breath for , based on historical evidence .
But based on moves like operation Fine Edge , I have some hope .
Time will tell .
Advertisement
i Phone Data to be Boosted by AT&T's Operation " Fine Edge " An AT&T employee who works on Operations tells us that the carrier ordered a last - minute beefing up Read more
Advertisement
So are you returning this thing ?
I should , but no .
Do n't look at me that way , let me explain .
Look at other handsets from Nokia , Helio , Palm , Sony Ericsson , LG and Samsung ; or anything running the vomit - inducing Windows Mobile .
What they generally have over the iPhone , all these critical but technically minor functions , the iPhone could theoretically fix with a patch or two .
Meanwhile , those companies in turn will never be able to make as great a UI and platform as the iPhone has the potential to be .
Certainly we do n't know what Apple has slated for updates , when those updates are coming , or if they 'll ever come at all .
( iPods and Macbooks are n't kitchen sink - ers and never will be . )
So I hold it on faith , based on a trust that Apple will do what 's right for us , not just what 's convenient .
I would n't make the same bet with your dollars , however , which is why I have to tell you to wait for those updates to come before you buy .
But clearly , many feel the same way I do and have taken the dive ; we all just have to ask ourselves what 's right for us in this situation , like rational , intelligent , thinking , grown ups ( or not , if you 're a drooling fanboy ) .
And we should together ask Apple to roll the software updates soon and often .
Steve Willing , Apple , please fix our Jesus phone .
Advertisement
One more thing .
What took you guys so long to review this ?
And where are the fanboys I know and love / hate ?
Like you , I 've coveted the idea of an Apple phone since it was n't any more real than a unicorn .
And when it was delivered last Friday , almost seven months after the announcement at Macworld 2007 , the hype and spin were so thick , there was no way anyone could write an objective review .
Ten days after I camped , plunked down $ 600 for one , and signed the two year contract , I think I have the perspective to understand what it means to live with this phone .
Many reviews abound , but I do n't think anyone has written about it from the perspective of ownership yet .
That 's my take on the situation .
My mind is clear ; this is n't a knee - jerk reaction .
Massive , 10,000 word iPhone Hands on Guide by Gizmodo and Friends
Advertisement
Below is the massive iPhone hands on guide , which I 'll brag about and say its the only review you need .
Not because we believe we captured everything , even in such a word count backed up by dozens and dozens and dozens of hours of research and writing .
It 's because it neatly summarizes much of the important hands on research from the reviewing community .
Authors , if you 've got facts we 've missed and should include , let us know .
I 'll update the post , and add a link to your original iPhone research as a link below .
Readers , may this guide serve you as your complete guide to the iPhone until v.2 arrives .
Advertisement
Table of Contents
• History in Brief
• Hardware
• Headphones
• Size and Weight
• Touchscreen
• Sensors
• The Rest of the Guts
Advertisement
• User Interface
• Multitouch
• Keyboard
• Magnifying Glass
• Overall
• Calling
• SMS
• Email
• iPod
• Safari
• Notes
• Calculator
• Clock
• Weather
• Maps
• Photos
• YouTube
• Calendar
• Wireless
• iTunes Syncing
Advertisement
• Batteries
• Miscellaneous Things That Make us Smile or Frown
• Other Reviews and Reference materials
Advertisement
History in Brief
The iPhone was announced by Steve Jobs at the Macworld 2007 Keynote , January 9th , 2007 , at 9:42 AM .
( The same time appears on the iPhone in many ads and photos . )
Before that , it was the subject of many fanboy photochops and speculative rumors .
It was referred to as the Jesus Phone in December 2006 , a move that we at Gizmodo now kind of regret .
( Wikipedia 's page has a lot more history . ) [ top ]
Advertisement
Hardware
Advertisement
The iPhone 's corporeal self is composed of a plate of optical - quality glass featuring a slot for an earpiece up top , a home button on the bottom , which together sandwiches a 3.5 - inches .
This is a very yummy sandwich .
There 's a stainless steel rim bevel flush around the face , which caps the aluminum body .
The home button brings you back to the main menu if your phone is unlocked , much like a TiVo remote 's TiVo button .
Some have wished it had a secondary function with a double tap or hold , but I like it as is .
Advertisement
The aluminum rear has a distinct rocker for ring , earpiece , headphone and speaker volume , as well as a toggle for ringtone off , which mutes all sound but that from the iPod functions .
The matte finish wo n't show scuffs , unlike that of an iPod .
Advertisement
On top , there 's an instant standby / wake button .
It can trigger shutdown if held long enough and then followed up with a finger swipe on the touchscreen .
There 's also a SIM tray that you eject by paperclip or pin .
The headphone jack has that quality of ... lameness .
It 's recessed , so many headphones , minijack cables and cassette adapters for the iPod or any portable media player just wo n't fit .
Belkin sells an extension adapter for $ 10 , but this design feels almost malicious in nature .
A shock coming from friendly Apple .
Advertisement
The iPhone 's 2MP , 1600x1200 camera is located on the top left of the back , and is nothing more than a recessed lens .
No flash .
More on how it performs , and what it lacks , later .
Advertisement
The bottom back of the iPhone has an Apple logo dead center , and some etchings : " iPhone " in a large font , with the words " Designed by Apple in California .
Assembled in China . " , Model , IMEI , FCC ID , serial numbers , as well as capacity ( 8GB or 4GB in a little rectangle ) .
Advertisement
The bottom fifth or so of the back plate is plastic , which houses the radio antennas .
That places it as far away from the headphone jack as possible for minimal interference .
( There 's still some GSM buzz at times , when using a dock or a cassette adapter , but never with the stock headphones . )
It also houses the 30 - pin dock connector you 're familiar with from generations of iPods , and a speaker , which is unrated but fairly loud , especially since it appears that only one of those grills is actually a speaker with the second grill possibly being a mic .
Bass and ringtones above 50 % definitely overdrive the little guy , so I 'm not sure many of these speakers will last beyond year one . [ top ]
Headphones
Advertisement
Apple provided a set of mic-enabled headphones that , thankfully , fit into the recessed slender headphone jack .
The buds fit like your dad 's jacket when you were 14 ; loosely , but they get the job done .
You definitely should n't be going jogging with them .
The audio quality is fairly decent , on par with current Apple headphones , which is to say , " replace them " .
But the default pair does have a mic for taking calls , and an in - line button you can press for song and call control .
Click once to pause the song , twice to forward to the next song , once when a call comes in to answer , and once more to end it .
But since you 'll be using this to make calls as often as you 'll be using it to listen to tunes , you 'll be happy to hear that there 's no GSM buzz or interference at all .
Some have wrapped it around the iPhone to verify this .
We 've had less luck with some of our tape AC adapters in our cars ( one has buzz , one works fine ) , and horrible luck with line - in iPod docks ( definitely buzz when the iPhone 's close enough to the speaker ) .
But we 're happy that the $ 10 Belkin adapter , although overly long , allows us to listen to music in our cars .
Speaking of third - party adapters , the V - Moda Vibe Duos we 've been using are as good as V - Moda Vibe headphones for music , which is to say , very good for the price .
Not only that , you can also take calls with the Duos , which means you can shove the Apple stock headphones into your bag to use in emergencies . [ top ]
Advertisement
Size and Weight
Small women , children and dwarves have said it to be heavy compared with the thinnest phones .
At 4.8 ounces and 4.5 x 2.4 and .46 inches , it fits well within the palm of a manly hand such as mine , but not so comfortably inside of a tight pair of Jordaches .
There is , as you must surely know , no physical keyboard .
And I like it like this .
( More on this later . )
My stainless steel rim is already scratched , and I baby this phone , so do n't expect any handsets from the original shipment to look very good after a year of use if not housed in one of those over the top aftermarket cases . [ top ]
Touchscreen
Advertisement
It 's the brightest and most contrasty LCD I 've seen on a portable , and although I have n't had the heart to test my own for durability , the consensus is that it 's very scratch resistant and pretty smash resistant ... for a piece of glass .
( See PC World 's sadistic torture tests , which claim it 's sturdy , and see this video of Mr. Butterfingers dropping it one second after opening it . )
It 's manufactured by Balda , a German company :
Balda now makes glass - surfaced screens that are far more sensitive , thinner , and harder to scratch or smudge than the plastic displays that now dominate .
They offer sharper resolution , and unlike conventional touch screens — which get confused by more than one finger at a time — Balda 's displays can sense several human digits simultaneously .
Advertisement
This suggests that the glass screen upgrade Apple boasted about in mid-June alongside a battery upgrade was facetious , and the glass screen was planned all along .
It also explains why even the smallest links on a webpage , in Safari , are easy to click on .
It does not explain why the keyboard seems to only like one key press at a time .
BTW , it 's so bright that I 've turned it down to preserve battery life .
Even at 25 % of max output , the screen is easily visible . [ top ]
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Sensors
In addition to the multitouch screen , the iPhone has three second tier sensors .
1 ) An accelerometer that detects rotation of the phone from landscape to portrait .
2 ) A light sensor that can be used to automatically dim and brighten the LCD 's backlight .
3 ) a proximity sensor that knows when I put the iPhone to my greasy face .
It then shuts off the backlight and keeps the buttons from being triggered .
Fancy , and useful . [ top ]
Advertisement
The Rest of the Guts
Advertisement
The memory is the same kind by Samsung used in iPod nanos , and the processor is an ARM design .
All components , from power management , to Bluetooth and Wi-Fi , are established as phone components .
The point :
This brings the cost of manufacturing down , and the reliability up .
That 's a big sign of relief from a company with a history of shoddy v1.0s .
It 's not the hardware you have to worry about here , with possible exception of the battery .
( More on this later . )
This phone will NEVER run 3G without a new radio in here .
For details , see semiconductor.com or iSuppli 3rd party experts who have done knowledgeable teardowns . [ top ]
User Interface
Multitouch
You know those iPhone commercials with the baby music and the ghost hand ?
Do n't they make using the iPhone look easy ?
Well using the multi - digit touchscreen interface is actually that simple .
It allows for scrolling through lists of movies , music , contacts , and through long webpages even easier than if you were using a full - sized PC with mouse and keyboard .
The same goes for zooming in and out of maps and webpages .
It 's the iPhone 's best feature , and everyone from geeks to technophites should pick it up without any hesitation .
Apple is ages ahead of anyone here ( except Jeff Han , who might be working on something even cooler ) .
There are a few gestures .
• Flick :
For scrolling lists and Cover Flow , place your finger on the screen and slide it quickly across as if you were spinning a wheel .
Speed is variable .
• Stop :
By dropping your finger on the screen after a fast flick , you can stop the motion .
• Double click :
In most apps , this zooms .
• Click : For navigating URLs in Safari and selecting buttons and media files .
• Pinch in :
For controlled zooming out , take two fingers on the surface of a photo or webpage , and squeeze them together to move the image out .
The ratio of pinch to zoom is n't quite proportional .
• Spread out :
The opposite of pinching , for zooming in . [ top ]
Advertisement
Keyboard
Advertisement
I like the virtual keyboard .
Apple should n't try to compare it to the physical equivalent in , say , a Blackberry Curve , but it 's definitely an upgrade to a predictive text or a basic dialpad .
( Hey , it 's got an iPod inside ; this is not supposed to be a phone for suits . )
When you 're not operating in silent mode , there 's a satisfying audio tic , which makes for a nice bit of feedback , even if not tactile like an Immersion technology system .
( They should maybe add this , a little rumble induced by the vibrate motor every time you click a key . )
When you get the hang of it it can be extremely fast because you 're not actually pressing keys but merely glancing them .
( Here 's a video of someone typing fast on an iPhone . )
Advertisement
In fact , going fast depends on you letting the predictive correction fix things for you as your fingers fly .
Say you type " teh " instead of " ten " ?
Since N and H are relatively near each other , the iPhone will suggest " ten " in a popup , which you can select by hitting the spacebar .
( As if you were just moving on to the next word . )
To cancel an impending autofix , just click on the x in the popup ( above ) .
Cancel the autocorrection twice and it'll add the word to the dictionary .
Be careful , as once you add a word , you can't erase it unless you reset the dictionary to default , eliminating all the words you 've added .
It 's an elegant solution to the cramped keyboard , but still a hack in the sense that a working keyboard should n't assume you are going to make errors all the time .
Advertisement
The keyboard has no landscape mode for anything but Safari , which makes sense .
The keyboard takes up too much real estate in landscape mode , leaving just a sliver of real estate left over , and to make people input text in portrait , while browsing in Safari 's landscape mode would be disruptive .
Some people have said the main keyboard needs a period , although there is a neat trick where you hold the key that switches to the symbol / numeric keyboard and slide your finger up to the symbol you want to quickly get there .
( Details . )
This click - and - hold method also works for quickly capitalizing letters when holding shift and sliding to the letter you wish capitalized .
Oh , since your finger will be over the keys you want to type , the iPhone pops up the letter you 're depressing to inform you of your impending keystroke .
Handy for sliding your finger to the correct key if you 're about to mistype . [ top ]
Advertisement
The iPhone Period Trick Some of you iPhone users have been complaining about the period key being banished to the numbers …
Read more
Magnifying Glass
Advertisement
To move the cursor around a body of typed text , tap and hold until a movable loupe , or magnifying glass appears .
Very useful , although it sometimes will appear offscreen when doing this in Safari 's landscape keyboard mode .
Unfortunately , the cursor shift does n't include a way to select text for copying and pasting .
A major annoyance , but we love the loupe .
Maybe there can be a hotkey which triggers text selection in Loupe mode . [ top ]
Overall
Some reviewers have complained about the general lack of coherence between UI language from app to app .
That 's easy to explain .
Apple developed the phone using separate teams , all working with limited information , as to limit leaks .
Without someone micromanaging and coordinating these teams during such a tight development schedule , it 's likely many of these details were overlooked .
It 's not a big deal , but it does show seams in the iPhone 's designs . [ top ]
Advertisement
Calling
Advertisement
Menu Items
Advertisement
Favorites
This is your speed dial list .
It 's unlimited , and you fill it by toggling a switch in your main contact list , or by clicking the + button on the favorites page and selecting a contact .
Unfortunately , you can't setup a true one touch speed dial from the home page , or do voice dialing of favorites from speed dial .
Even cheap phones have this feature .
The best you can do from locked is 2 to 3 presses to dial .
The favorites list can be edited or manually resorted .
Recents
Along with the favorites list , the recent calls list helps to make sure that you 'll have to go into your giant contact list as seldom as possible .
You can toggle between all calls and missed calls , and the list will aggregate multiple calls to and from the same contact next to each other into one entry , complete with time or day ( Yesterday , Friday , Etc ) .
The list can get pretty long , so it includes a toggle to view only missed calls ( listed in red ) , and a button to clear the list .
BTW , missed calls are tallied on the icon , and are added with new voicemails to the main phone icon 's tally .
( See the Phone icon above , and it 's annotated ' 3 '. )
Advertisement
Contacts
Advertisement
The rest of the contact list is fantastic .
You can use the swiping method to browse through your list , and if it 's large enough , the alphabet shortcut list shows up along the right - hand margin as well .
Drag your finger along here to jump to the corresponding letter , which is by default set by last name .
What you can't do is search for an individual contact by typing the name , which is useful for people with gigantic lists .
Since contacts sync very cleanly with Address Book on the Mac , you 'll be able to fetch all details that are in the list on your computer onto your phone , and vice versa .
Add a new address on your Mac , and it goes onto your phone .
Add a profile pic on your iPhone , and it ends up on your Mac .
It 's easily the best contact manager we 've seen on a phone , smartphone or otherwise .
And the iPhone is very flexible with custom data fields .
Surprise , surprise , we have a complaint :
If you move contacts around in groups on the Mac , it does n't quite sync up to the phone unless you give it the old " overwrite all contacts on next sync " option in iTunes .
And you can't send contacts , by Bluetooth , email , SMS , or any other method , to another person .
Advertisement
Keypad
Advertisement
We 're going to have to say that the virtual keypad is even better than a real keypad .
The buttons are gigantic .
It 's hard to find a phone with buttons this big , virtual or otherwise .
I like that if you exit the dialpad with half a number in there , it 's still there when you return .
( Useful for looking up phone numbers online , since you can't cut and paste from Safari or any other app on the phone . )
You can also dial a number and quickly add it to the contacts list using the button on the bottom left of the dial pad .
Visual Voicemail
Advertisement
Visual Voicemail works flawlessly .
There 's a list of messages that you can easily listen to like a set of sound files .
You can easily call the guy back or delete the email , as well as scrub through the message to the part you want to repeat .
There 's a big button for calling back the person who left the message , too .
Visual Voicemail , unfortunately , does n't download messages to your phone for playback when you 're not online ( in an airplane ) and can't be backed up to iTunes .
Messages delete after 30 days , automatically after you 've listened to them .
There 's a play / pause control , a time bar , and callback and delete buttons .
There 's a button for going to the caller 's contact info in address book , and speakerphone .
Voicemail greetings can be recorded here , too .
Effective , efficient , and a great idea executed flawlessly .
It 's worth noting that even if someone figures out how to unlock an iPhone in the future , Visual Voicemail requires backend integration , so this function wo n't work at all on another network .
If we had a gripe , it 's that the iPhone does n't have an occasional audio chime to let you know about waiting messages .
( And SMS or missed calls , either . )
Picking Up a Call
Advertisement
When a call comes in , the ID or contact name gets plastered across the top of the screen , with the wallpaper below .
( That 's a photo of my favorite beach on Kauai , on the north side of the island . )
To pick up while your phone is locked , you have to slide your finger across the unlock bar on the bottom of the screen .
It 's a tactile experience that is far more satisfying than smacking a button .
If your phone is already unlocked , you get still adequate Decline / Answer button combo in the photo above .
I prefer the slider , but there 's something really fun about punching down on big red and green keys , even if virtual .
To stop the ringing , press the top mounted standby button once ; to kick your caller to vmail , hit it twice .
Call Quality
Some have said the iPhone 's call quality is great .
I do n't know that to be true .
Whether it 's the network , or the phone , to me , calls sounded like the person on the other end of the line had marbles in his or her mouth .
And generally was n't loud enough .
( I tested this with back to back calls using a Treo 755 and Helio . )
Of course , in 19 out of 20 cities , AT&T is rated either last or second to last in reception , so you 're starting off crippled .
Advertisement
On Call Menu
Advertisement
While you 're yapping , the screen is filled with a six pack of softkeys : Mute , Keypad , Speaker , Add Call , Hold Contacts .
Under that , a big red bar button for End Call .
The buttons do n't get pressed while it 's against your face , thanks to the proximity sensor under the glass , next to the earpiece and light sensor , which darkens the screen and disables the touchscreen .
The Add Call button is most interesting , and is used for conference calling .
Conference
Advertisement
The iPhone 's conference system lets you add up to five people to a call by dialing them , or having them dial in .
You have to leave the conference to dial or answer , at which point the Add Call button turns into a Merge icon .
Click that to get everyone on the same line .
The Caller ID scrolls to show who 's is there .
And a submenu gives you the power to speak to callers in private , as well as hang up on them .
No idea if calling five people at once eats up your minutes at 5x , but you can be pretty sure AT&T is n't giving anything away here .
If there 's any function that needs a parental control , it 's this one .
( Parents of teenagers , I 'm talking to you . )
Multitasking
Advertisement
One of the most ingenious things about the iPhone 's call system is that you can click to answer on speaker or headset , and then multitask .
Great for boring work conference calls .
Browse the web , check your calendar , email , SMS , and even play videos and music ( the other party can even hear your tunes if you put them on speaker and cup the base of the iKaraoke phone ) .
They wo n't even hear your keystrokes on the touchscreen .
Furthermore , to get back to the Call Menu , there 's a clearly labeled green bar .
One shortcoming — AT&T 's EDGE does n't work while you 're on a call , so you have to be rocking Wi -Fi to use Safari , send text messages or email .
Still , very nice .
Ringtones Kinda Suck
Advertisement
The 22 ringtones the iPhone ships with are at worst , annoying , at best , benign .
Right now , you can't load up your own music files or buy new ringtones from AT&T .
I 'm sure this will change soon , judging by the iTunes 7.3 code referring to ringtones , and I 'm hoping that Steve injects some fairness into the process as he did with online music and iTunes .
Here 's a video walk through of all em , should you care to judge for yourself .
I prefer the Piano Riff ( " Bad to the Bone " ) or Xylophones .
The ring volume can be extreeeeemly loud .
So loud that the speakers seem to be straining from the load of anything past 50 % .
You can adjust the ringtone volume using the rocker switch on the left side of the phone .
It looks just like the volume popup on OS X. [ top ]
i Phone Ringtones Kind of Bother Me ( Video )
Not only are we kept from using AAC or even nude MP3 files for ringtones , we 're stuck with a list Read more
Advertisement
SMS
Advertisement
The SMS app would probably be the best SMS we 've seen on any phone , smartphones included .
There 's an iChat - like chat bubble interface , which is like a threaded conversation with one particular contact .
And URLs prefaced by http and www get turned into hyperlinks that direct you to Safari .
But it 's missing some key features even bargain - bin cellphones have .
You can't send messages to more than one person at once .
Plus , there 's no character counter and there 's no way to delete more than one SMS " thread " at once — so you 're going to have to go one by one if you want to clear everything out .
There 's no way to sort messages by name ( the default sort is by date ) , you can't customize the bubble colors , back up your SMS to SIM or your computer , and it 's unclear who the last message was from if you 're in the list view .
Deficiencies abound .
Advertisement
In addition to all those things , there 's the feeling that we get that the iPhone takes longer than other phones to " send " the message , because once you hit send , the phone locks you into a progress bar that takes a few seconds to fill .
In other phones , you can hit send and shove your phone into your pocket immediately after and let the OS deal with actually sending in the background .
Not so here .
Did Picard have to wait three seconds after each message to Mr. Worf ?
We thought this was the future .
And of course , the giant complaint is the iPhone 's lack of MMS messages .
There 's not even an option for just sending pictures and not video ( which you would n't be able to record on this thing anyway ) , which makes you " oof " like being grazed in the nuts by a basketball .
You can manage to send fake MMS messages to people by emailing them at their phone number email at their provider ( example : number@tmomail.net ) , but you 'll have to enter this in for everybody 's contact , which requires you know the email suffix for each provider , and you have to know what service your friends use in the first place .
( Here 's a list of the suffixes , btw . )
Advertisement
If a friend does taunt you by sending you an MMS , you get an SMS that tells you that you can view the message at viewmymessage.com using an included ID and a password .
It 's a shame that this is pretty much useless in the field since there 's no way to click that URL and visit it in Safari , and there 's no way to cut and paste the ID and password .
That 's just an awful design choice , because you can actually get a clickable URL in SMS messages ( we tested with various disgusting URLs ) if you format the link correctly .
It could have been very easy to make this work correctly so you could at least view MMSes on the iPhone easily .
One last thing :
Trying to log into that website and retrieve MMS messages actually did n't work for us , over several tries .
Pathetic !
Advertisement
Even with all these setbacks , the SMS app still gives you a neat history of all your previous conversations , there 's unlimited SMS storage like smartphones , and there 's a nice looking transparent alert that pops up no matter which app you 're using , and the general feeling that you 're using iChat instead of SMS . [ top ]
Advertisement
Email
Advertisement
Email whores will rejoice at how easy it is to browse long lists of emails with multitouch finger swipes .
In that way , the mail app is a step up from regular phones , and even compares favorably to Windows Mobile smartphones .
But in many ways may be a step down from what business - heads are used to on the BlackBerry .
You can delete messages either by clicking the trash icon inside a message , swiping your finger in the message list and clicking delete , or hitting the edit button and two - finger - back - and - forth deleting emails .
None of these are optimal .
Why is there no capability to highlight multiple or all emails for delete ?
And the front page mail counter will always be pegged at the maximum download limit of 200 messages per account you 've set up , so its usefulness is curbed .
( You do get more than 200 emails per day , right ? )
You also can't mark or unmark emails as read in iMAP accounts , and sometimes email messages will get stuck sending , requiring a reboot .
Advertisement
The iPhone has push email only for Yahoo Mail , but can check Gmail , AOL Mail , and .
Mac mail natively .
No love for Hotmail here , but checking Hotmail on an iPhone is like having the DeLorean but using it to go shopping at Costco .
Although the client works great with standard Gmail , it 's very quirky with hosted Gmail setups .
Depending on your settings and how angry Zeus is at the moment , emails will show up sometimes on both your iPhone and your computer , and sometimes in one or the other .
We can't tell whether it's the iPhone 's fault , Mail.app 's fault , or Gmail 's fault , but we 'd recommend skipping hosted Gmail on your iPhone until it 's cleared up .
Advertisement
Viewing email , however , is classier than Grace Kelly in Rear Window .
You can use the standard pinching for zooming and flicking for scrolling , which works just as well as it does in other apps .
Individual emails display just as you 'd expect on a desktop client , and even supports JPEGs , PDFs , Word docs and Excel Docs in attachments .
Advertisement
Word docs displayed charts , but choked on a big image inserted inside the doc ; Excel files need to have columns formatted properly , because you can't expand narrow columns and text wo n't always wrap properly ( tabs worked , though ) .
PDFs worked fine , as you 'd imagine , although we did n't test out a protected PDF .
Again , you can't edit these files .
Which will make corporate types and Wall Street jerks cry , but really , this is a phone with an iPod inside .
Did you really think Steve was making it for you ?
And thanks to the fact that you can't take or make calls when you 're actively using an EDGE connection , your boss will know , by you not picking up , exactly when you were surfing Gizmodo on the phone instead of doing work .
Missing calls because you 're browsing the web is a shitty way to limit a device , but this is AT&T 's fault .
There are more weaknesses :
All you get when you sync with your Mac Mail.app is a autoconfig of POP and IMAP settings on the phone .
There 's no " reply to " setting , no capability to mark all messages as read , no BCC , no spell - check ( Apple probably wants you to rely on the word - by - word auto - correcting ) , and no multiple deletion or emptying of the trash can .
There 's a setting for auto - delete after a certain time , but that 's it .
Plus , again , you can only view 200 messages at once , which is fine for most of the population , but not nearly good enough for someone who needs to know exactly where his emails are .
You know , like Dick Cheney .
And , it 's maybe an unfair gripe , but a search function here would be very helpful .
Fast scroll or not , no one wants to scroll through a long list of emails to find something you can easily find with a keyword .
Advertisement
On the whole , the email app is just good enough that you 'll be able to use it on the go , but just bad enough that you 'll wish you were actually home on a computer . [ top ]
i Pod
Advertisement
Although the iPhone is supposed to be three devices in one , there 's only one of these devices that 's perfect — the iPod .
With almost six years of experience making iPods , Apple took the best of the latest generation Video iPod and made it even better with touchscreen controls and a giant screen .
Yes , there 's not even a virtual scroll wheel , but the flick and touch interface actually work even better .
Imagine if someone lopped off your arms and gave you super - strength cybernetic ones as a replacement .
You may be used to the old , gentler way of doing things , but once you get used to it , the new way 's actually better .
Um ... what we mean is that we still like both the iPod and the Zune interfaces , but the iPhone tops both , easily .
Advertisement
Finding what you want to play is very simple .
The text is nice and large , and browsing lists with either flicking or , in the case of longer lists , using the alphabet on the right is fast .
If you tilt the phone to either the left or the right , you go into Cover Flow view ( which Apple should work into every device they will ever build ) and voila !
You 're browsing through albums as if you pulled them off a dusty shelf .
It actually works well here , seeing as your song selection is limited by the 8GB of storage .
Advertisement
Once you find the track you want to play and start playing it , you 'll notice the gigantic album art staring you in the face .
Seriously , the cover image is bigger than even on the Zune's .
What 's even better about this playback screen over the iPod 's is that stuff like album track list , song ratings , volume controls and playback controls are at most one click away .
No more clicking four times just to rate a song .
Those speakerphone speakers on the bottom of the iPhone are great for listening to music on the go as well , but unfortunately only produce sound out of the left speaker .
I know , totally crazy .
But it 's likely that the microphone is being housed under the other grill .
The external volume buttons are a nice touch , so you wo n't have to head back into the iPod app if you want things only slightly quieter .
And since this is a three - in - one device , you can actually use the iPod while doing other things as well .
Multitasking is pretty stable , and only crashes occasionally when in Safari or some other processor - intensive task .
Rarely when making a call .
And speaking of calls , yes , the music does fade out and restart when you take and hang up a call .
( For video , it does n't start replaying automatically . )
Interesting note :
If you 're on speakerphone , you can actually play a song back , cup the speaker into the mic , and have an impromptu karaoke session with your buddy .
Advertisement
We also noticed a bug in iTunes syncing .
Occasionally you will re-sync a few tracks or playlist or albums back to your phone even though the files are already there .
The re-synced songs get pushed into the " other " data section , which means there 's no way to reclaim this without factory resetting your phone .
This bug became so bad that iTunes resynced all our music and pushed the original 2.5GB into the " other " section , which means the only way we can reclaim that space now is to run a factory reset .
Luckily for you , as long as you sync before you do a factory reset , iTunes will keep your call logs , your SMS messages , and most of your settings as well so you can re-sync after the reset is done .
Another annoyance comes from iPhoto popping open whenever you connect the phone to your computer and have pictures on your iPhone to sync .
iTunes coming up is fine , since you need it to sync , having iPhoto start up as well bogs everything down if you do n't actually want to grab photos off your phone .
Advertisement
Because this is the iPod with the largest screen ever , you 'd expect video to work great , and it does .
Music videos downloaded from iTunes are smooth as butter - substitute , and miscellaneous video files encoded for iPod such as downloaded video , TiVoToGo , and DVDs all work great on the iPhone as well .
We 've had great success using Roxio 's crunch to convert files downloaded from random places on the internet , and Handbrake 'd DVDs .
The only limitation is the 4GB or 8 GB capacity , which means you 're just barely going to have enough video for a 14 - hour flight to Japan .
Advertisement
There 's no surprises in the audio codec support .
AAC , protected AAC , MP3 , MP3 VBR , Audible ( 1 , 2 and 3 ) , Apple Lossless , AIFF and WAV all made it in .
In video , H.264 and MPEG - 4 , with various audio ( .m4 v , .mov , .mp4 ) file formats are also supported .
No DivX , no WMV , and nothing out of the ordinary here .
Advertisement
When you 're done viewing a video , the iPhone will ask if you want to delete it , which thankfully asks for confirmation .
You can also delete videos by swiping your fingers across like you do for an SMS or email , which is kind of hidden if you 're not used to the swiping gesture .
But if you do it this way , and then sync without unchecking those movies in iTunes , it 'll reload them .
Annoying .
And of course , the lack of a TV out means you can't actually watch these videos on a TV , which kind of sucks .
There 's also no lyrics support , no TV out and way less storage compared with the 30 GB or 80 GB models .
Needless to say , the storage thing might not be a big deal if you 're docking nightly .
A 5th - gen iPod can't match the iPhone 's giant screen . [ top ]
Advertisement
Safari
Advertisement
Apple calls Safari " the real internet " on a phone , but it 's still not nearly as good as a desktop browser .
Without Flash support , Java support , and a full - featured AJAX support , you can still view most webpages , but you wo n't be able to get the most out of every site .
That said , it kicks the living crap out of browsers on any other phone , and even third party greatness like Opera Mini .
Everything just renders right .
Gizmodo , Gmail ( plain text support ) , Google Documents ( Edit HTML mode ) , NY Times , Xbox Live , Fandango and various other sites all display very desktop - like , although without the noted flash support .
Windows mobile fans will recognize the browser as being quite similar to the Deepfish developmental browser from Microsoft .
( Ironically , it still crashes and kicks you out to the menu frequently . )
Advertisement
Some nice touches : using the magnifier cursor when you want to reposition your cursor in a text box , using a dial for a dropdown list item , auto - zooming in onto text fields when you select them , native Apple Trailer support , and automatic bookmark syncing with Safari on the desktop .
It also supports landscape mode ( both left and right ) , which also brings up a wider keyboard if you 're not used to the default one .
Advertisement
The browser supports 8 tabbed windows , that are held in a separate tab page and flipped through coverflow style .
( But slower . )
In any case , they 're accessible by bringing up the tab menu and flipping through currently open pages .
It works quite well as a tab implementation , but it's hard to keep track of many of them if you 've a lot of them open .
Opening up a bunch can lead to instability as well .
Thankfully there are n't a bunch of plug-ins loading in the background to bog down the browser .
But even without much plug - in support , there are noticeable problems in this otherwise stellar browser .
Lots of JavaScript on a site bogs down the iPhone .
Trying to load AJAX and graphics heavy sites , for example , turns the phone warm in your hand while you wait for stuff to finish .
Zooming in and out works fine , but is a bit delayed when there 's a lot of rendering going on in the page .
Also , unlike other iPhone apps , you can only scroll in one direction at once — up and down or left and right .
You have to stop scrolling in one axis entirely to start in the other .
Zooming by clicking is also hit or miss , because sometimes you hit a link instead .
You also cant save photos or upload files , thanks to the fact that there 's no visible internal file structure .
Advertisement
Safari has an RSS reader .
Actually , it 's a web app at Reader.mac.com that activates any time you click on an RSS feed .
It works quickly , and provides links to the original post , and you can bookmark them .
The bad is that you can't cache entries offline for reading on a plane .
As a replacement browser when you need to look at something really quick on the go , this iPhone Safari definitely gets the job done .
And EDGE browsing is n't nearly as bad as even Jobs had suggested .
( He was being modest ! ) [ top ]
Advertisement
Notes
Advertisement
This Notes app is useful in the same way that a man dying of hunger eats rats and berries — you can't be choosy when it 's all you 've got .
In the absence of voice notes , to - do lists , and Microsoft Word support , Notes is the only place in the entire phone that you can actually take down notes ( unless you count writing an email to yourself ) .
And thanks to the fact that it does n't actually SYNC to anything through iTunes ( not even to the Notes in Mail. app under Leopard yet ) , it stays on your phone until you delete it .
Advertisement
Actually typing in notes with the keyboard is fine , but with the standard keyboard up , you can only use half the screen 's real estate at once .
There 's no horizontal orientation for typing either , like in Safari .
But there is a fancy magnifying glass cursor that you can use to move the cursor around .
And thanks to the fact that the period , commas , and everything else but letters are on the second " symbol " keyboard , you 're going to be switching back and forth for punctuation or leaving them out entirely and sounding like your BFF Jill .
The notes themselves are different in look and feel from anything else in the iPhone , complete with Sticky Notes fonts and hand - drawn icons on the bottom .
It does n't appeal to everyone ( it does to me ) .
Also , besides the email app , Notes is probably the one place where you 're going to miss not being able to copy and paste text .
And if you want to get your notes to someone else , your only option is to mail the note in its entirety , sans formatting ( there 's no formatting
anyway ) , in the body of an email .
There 's no way to send it as an attachment .
Advertisement
With the lack of Word document support , it would have been nice to be able to convert incoming Word docs into Notes , edit them in plain text and email them off afterwards , but no such luck here .
The nice flipbook effect when you flip through multiple notes is nice , but does n't make up for feature shortcomings .
We just hope that when Leopard arrives , notes can actually sync to your PC so they become slightly more useful . [ top ]
Calculator
Advertisement
What can we say ?
It 's a simple calculator .
It 's nice that Apple added this in , since every phone since the Carter administration has one , but we wish there was some audible feedback when you pressed a button .
A click noise , a beep , or even an " awooooga " noise .
Anything !
But it does make for a nice tip calculator , which may actually backfire with the waiter looks on you with disgust , thinking " You have enough cash for an iPhone but all you 're giving me is a measly 12 % ? " [ top ]
Advertisement
Clock
Advertisement
Although a clock , timers and a stopwatch would hardly qualify for a " top level " app , Apple 's done a good job in combining the OS X Dashboard clock with the boring clock / alarm / timer apps in other phones .
Advertisement
The World Clock app shows four different time zones / clocks at once , but can support any number of locations if you 're either pulling off a multi-national bank heist or just keeping track of what time it is where each Gizmodo writer lives .
You can re-order the clocks , which is great , but unfortunately the clock icon on the top level icon menu does n't represent the current time .
It would have been so much cooler if it had .
The Alarm app can also set an unlimited amount of alarms that fire off one of your many ( somewhat lousy ) ringtones on the iPhone , complete with snooze and repeat options .
You select the time with a dial , which is actually as much fun to play around with as it is to actually use to set an alarm .
Again , if user - customizable ringtones eventually arrive , you may be able to use them as your alarm tone as well .
Waking up from a nap to one of the default ringtones is just painful .
Advertisement
The Stopwatch app has nice big digits and supports an unlimited amount of " laps . "
We tested that by jamming our finger on the lap button spastically , not by actually running .
Who do you think we are ?
Advertisement
The Timer app is a regular countdown timer that plays back , again , one of your ringtones .
There 's an even bigger dial here that you can fiddle with . [ top ]
Weather
Advertisement
Just like the clock app , the Weather app borrows heavily from the OS X Dashboard 's weather widget .
And just like the clock , it 's a shame that it does n't show the current weather as the actual icon ( though coincidentally it actually is 73 degrees right now ) .
The weather is displayed in tabs , and you can scroll through your current set by flicking left and right .
The dot indicators on the bottom show which weather tab you 're currently looking at .
Advertisement
What 's strange to us is that the iPhone weather is powered by Yahoo , whereas the Dashboard weather is powered by Accuweather .
This mismatch means you 're going to get different temperatures depending on where you look , and the question of which is more accurate is up to meteorologists to debate .
Suffice it to say , the six - day forecast is enough to make sure you always have a jacket whenever you need a jacket .
Commenter Photoman reminds us of the Yahoo icon :
[ The button ] takes the city you 're viewing on weather , pops it into the browser and gives you a Yahoo info page on that city , with events , movie times , pictures etc etc .
Advertisement
If we could make the weather icon active on the menu , complete with live - updating temperatures , that would be good .
( The calendar icon does this . )
It 's kind of bad that the front icon is always showing sunny and 73 degrees , especially when the calendar app is updated live . [ top ]
Maps
Advertisement
The first and most important thing to note is that there is no GPS in the iPhone .
The Google Maps app does the best it can without a GPS , but having to enter your current location ( if you even know it ) before getting directions is annoying .
Once you do enter your starting location , you can get turn - by - turn directions that even simulate a GPS ( you tell it when you 're turning by clicking next ) .
The real - time traffic is nice if you 're commuting , and will definitely save you time when you 're rushing out the door .
And even without GPS data , it would be nice to be able to set a home town , or cache your last location of search so that unspecified queries for businesses would be local .
( Tip : I just use my local zip code . )
Advertisement
This app , BTW , is far better than Safari / Google for searching for businesses .
Locations can be easily added to the contact list , a separate bookmark in maps , and the phone numbers of any businesses can be dialed right away .
Advertisement
Contact integration , again is excellent , and you can map the address of anyone in your main address book .
To go home , just search for yourself or make a bookmark of your home named " home . "
Once you find a business , you can get directions to or from that location , add it to your bookmarks , or even create a new contact for it if you want to save it for later .
This usually works , but searching for " ramen " sent me to " Ramen Sovramonte Veneto , Italy " , where there 's probably very little actual ramen to be found .
Advertisement
The map app shares similar UI traits with other iPhone apps , and this consistency is both Apple 's strength and a thorn in its ass .
It 's great that the app remembers exactly what you were doing if a call comes in ; this could have been a source of major headaches .
But other UI traits like pinching and scrolling do n't quite work all that well here .
Scrolling gets the job done , but pinching is a pain if you want to quickly move from one place on the map to another .
Google Maps just requires a far greater level of zoom and pan than any website or photo in your album .
Zooming by double clicking many many times is the better way to go .
And , you will look like a woodpecker going from city to street view .
Map data seems to cache , and do pretty well over EDGE .
( Street view is faster than the detailed satellite mode , however . )
Advertisement
What 's lacking from maps , besides GPS , is hybrid satellite view .
The current satellite view just shows satellite and not street names , which is fun for peeping around , but somewhat useless because you can't tell what streets you 're looking at without toggling back and forth between map view .
EDGE is also slow , but it eventually loads the map and gets the job done .
This is fine if you 're not in a hurry , but if you 're totally lost and trying to find out exactly where you are , it can be exasperating .
For the chronically lost ( me ) , this definitely does n't take the place of a real GPS or even the Helio Ocean 's Google Maps .
In the end , it 's still the best implementation of Google Maps on a phone that we 've seen yet . [ top ]
Photos
Advertisement
Thanks to the its great big screen and iPhoto syncing capabilities , the iPhone is probably even better than the Video iPod if you want to take your videos on the go .
That is , unless you want to view videos on a TV ( no TV out ) , view them full size ( they get shrunk for space conservation ) , or store more than 8 GB of photos .
But yes , it really is like a mini iPhoto you can take with you .
Advertisement
Tiles !
We love em , but could also do with a multitouch zoom that would resize thumbnails .
I know , sounds CPU intensive to resize hundreds of photos at once , but a dream is a dream .
Advertisement
Once you 've got your photos synced from iPhoto or a directory , you can browse photos by flicking , using the onscreen buttons , or even using the slideshow .
There are a handful of transitions , but the best two are ripple and cube effects .
But despite iTunes resizing down photos to save space on the iPhone , they still retain enough detail that you can zoom in once or twice .
Speaking of zooming in , pinching is intuitive , but it ends up being a hassle after you 've gotten used to the novelty of it .
The same goes for swiping to get to the next picture — you 'll find yourselves preferring the onscreen buttons more and more .
Unless , of course , you really enjoy scrubbing your auntie 's chest area to advance to the next shot .
Advertisement
An example of the iPhone 's great integration is how easy it is to take a photo and set it either as a wallpaper or as a contact photo .
You can even move the photo around or scale it to get the best fit , much in the same way you do so in Address Book on OS X .
It 's easy to see which one you want , thanks to the thumbnail view .
Pictures there are just big enough to make out details but small enough to fit loads on a single page .
And it scrolls fast .
Advertisement
The phone also allows you to view photos in all four orientations , so turning the phone every which way will result in the photo turning with you .
Short of a laptop , this is probably the best way to take pictures of your baby and annoy anybody at a second 's notice .
1950 's father stereotypes would be proud . [ top ]
Stocks
Advertisement
The stocks app looks similar to the OS X Dashboard stock widget , just like Clock and Weather , which makes us question why these three apps were n't just placed under a widgets section instead of being made top - level .
When Apple has enough good top - level apps , we 're sure these will be buried .
In any case , there are a variety of views ranging from 1 day , 1 week , 1 month , 3 months , 6 months , 1 year , and 2 years .
It , like Weather , is based off Yahoo .
Advertisement
The good news is that the search function works off actual company names in addition to tickers , which helps people ( like me ) who have no idea what they 're doing when it comes to stocks .
But the bad news is that thanks to either EDGE or Yahoo's own servers , stock charts can error out occasionally when you try to view them .
You can add an unlimited amount of stocks , but there 's no way to reorder them to have your most important six on top ( unless you delete everything and start over ) .
Scrolling through everything uses the finger flicking , which works fine here .
Advertisement
We wish it would auto update ( it does n't update unless you go into the app ) , and allowed you to set an alert if a certain stock goes above or below a certain price . [ top ]
Camera
Advertisement
The 2 - megapixel camera takes shots rich with color in plain daylight .
It fails to do well with movement , and low light shots are grainy with bad halo effects .
I rate it just below the cameras in Nokia and Sony Ericsson phones .
I 'm happy with still performance , despite the lack of any color , lighting , file size tweaking or zoom .
We definitely agree with Pogue here .
The big freaking problem is that there 's no video mode on the camera .
And there are n't even rudimentary edit tools , either , which again , is n't necessary for the bulk of the people who buy this phone .
However , the camera as a whole is , at best , a glossed - over implementation .
But are we still going to use it ?
Yes .
Advertisement
To get your photos onto your computer , you 'll have to sync with iPhoto , which means everytime you dock , both that and iTunes need to start up . [ top ]
YouTube
Advertisement
YouTube over Wi-Fi is probably the best mobile implementation of YouTube we 've seen yet , both based on quality and on the user experience .
YouTube on EDGE , however , is another matter .
Not only are videos slow like 56 k porn to download , the quality is degraded to the point where you 're going to have a hard time making out faces and asses .
And thanks to the fact that the YouTube and Apple collaboration is still in its early stages , 15 - 20 % of videos we 've tried can't be played even when the connection is up .
If you try multiple times , it may eventually play , but at this point it 's fairly buggy .
Advertisement
On the other hand , the actual interface Apple came up with is quite nice .
Bookmarking videos and searching videos is definitely convenient .
The UI for browsing videos is clean , and scrolling through lists ( with clear , high resolution bookmarks ) with finger flicking is fast .
Not all the YouTube content is there now , but it will be by fall .
Advertisement
Some of the gripes we 've had were the fact that the most viewed for " Today " never updates ( it 's the same as the most viewed of all time ) , the delay in emailing someone a video , the fact that you can only view videos in landscape ( which is nice most of the time , but we 'd like the option to flip it to portrait ) , and the screen being neither 4:3 or widescreen , which causes black bars unless you zoom in and cut off part of the picture .
The name of a video's owner does n't hyperlink to the rest of the owner 's videos .
Advertisement
When comparing EDGE video quality to Helio Ocean 's YouTube offering over 3G , Helio's is noticeably better ( but not incredibly better ) .
When on Wi -Fi , the iPhone beats the Ocean hands down . [ top ]
Calendar
Advertisement
Courtesy of Apple 's close ties to itself , the iPhone 's calendar app can sync to iCal easily and painlessly .
It 's essentially a portable version of iCal , if iCal had no week view , no task lists , no time zone support , no support for multiple calendar support ( creating a new event just dumps it into a new Calendar on sync ) and quirky alarm support .
Even with these deficiencies , it matches up pretty well to Windows Mobile 6's portable calendar .
Advertisement
What the Calendar app does have is nice .
The list view displays all your appointments in a giant list .
The day view displays seven hours at a time , and the month view shows the days of the month where you have something going on , plus a mini list view below so you can get a quick glance at what 's scheduled .
Advertisement
The thing 's we 're definitely taking points off for is the absence of a task list ( c'mon , what the hell ? ) , and no multiple calendar support ( this is a mess you have to clean up every time you sync ) .
We want these things fixed as soon as possible . [ top ]
Advertisement
Wireless
Wi-Fi
Advertisement
To make up ( somewhat ) for the lack of 3G , Apple kindly included Wi -Fi , which works great when you 're at home or the office and actually in range of a wireless network , but is next to useless when you 're out in the world .
But when you 're actually using Wi -Fi , the iPhone auto - scans for existing networks , prompting you to choose one to join .
Unlike say , the Nintendo DS , the Wi-Fi supports 802.11b/g , WEP , WPA and WPA2 encryption .
Once you have your familiar network set up ( the Wi-Fi list actually shows signal strength too ) , your phone will auto - join the network whenever you 're in range and fetching data .
There are a few other benefits when you 're on Wi -Fi , besides being generally many times faster than EDGE .
First , you can actually take and receive calls when you 're in Wi -Fi ( they get sent straight to voicemail when you 're on EDGE ) .
YouTube videos download faster and in a much higher quality version .
Battery usage is lessened when compared to cellular transmission . [ top ]
Advertisement
Bluetooth
The highly gimped version of Bluetooth may be fine for regular people , but nerds who actually use Bluetooth for more than headsets will find this exasperating .
First , yes , you can have hands - free conversations over Bluetooth , but that 's it .
The way the iPhone handles headsets super conveniently by giving you the option of sending a call to speaker , headset , or the phone whenever you make or take a call .
Probably the best implementation of this we 've seen yet .
Advertisement
What you can't do is , well , anything else .
You can't send contacts to other phones over Bluetooth .
You can't browse the phone 's file system from your computer and grab files .
You ca n't listen to stereo music ( no A2DP ) , which is odd for a music phone .
No tethering to use your phone as a modem ( not like it matters without 3G ) .
No sending photos you 've taken to a Bluetooth printer .
No streaming audio of any kind , even to speakers .
No voice dialing .
Not much of anything , really .
Why bother ? [ top ]
EDGE
Oh , EDGE !
What are we going to do with you ?
You 're fast enough for browsing on the road and watching YouTube videos .
Hell , under ideal connections , you do better than we 've ever seen EDGE perform in the wild ( likely due to costly to AT&T's Fine Edge network upgrades in anticipation of the iPhone ) .
But you 're still no 3G .
If your reception happens to be horrible , data speeds will simply tank .
Our own tests showed between 143k / s and 178k / s for download speed , which is n't great , it 's but definitely faster than dial - up .
Viewing mail is n't too horrible , but once you 're trying to download a couple megabytes worth of attachments , you 're going to wish you were hooked up to some Wi-Fi .
Advertisement
i Phone Data to be Boosted by AT&T's Operation " Fine Edge " An AT&T employee who works on Operations tells us that the carrier ordered a last - minute beefing up Read more
As for people who really need 3G , both Mossberg and Pogue have heard talk from Apple pointing in that direction .
We would n't expect any 3G features to arrive for at least a year , unless Apple wants to cannibalize their own Generation 1 sales .
Even if there is 3G , you 'll have to pay a price in both battery life ( 3G chipsets suck power much faster than Wi -Fi and EDGE ) and in actual price ( they 're more expensive ) .
Advertisement
iTunes Syncing
Advertisement
The iPhone , like the iPod , lets you sync music , photos , podcasts and video through iTunes 7.3 , released shortly before the iPhone 's launch .
Most of the contents of these four tabs are the same , allowing you to pick whether you want music videos along with music , which photos from iPhoto you 're syncing , and which TV shows and movies are available .
What 's new is the Info tab , which is in charge of Contacts ( synced from Address Book ) , Calendars ( synced from iCal ) , Mail Accounts ( synced from Mail.app ) , and bookmarks ( synced from Safari ) .
What this does n't show is that your SMS messages , your call history , your favorite callers and your notes are all backed up as well .
It 's like the money in the insurance policy you took out on your wife ; there 's no way to access it directly , but it 's there when something catastrophic happens .
What you can't do in iTunes is use the iPhone as portable storage .
You can't drag and drop individual files , and there 's no way to view the file structure on your iPod .
But , if you ever do have to restore your settings to a new iPhone because your old one ate it , all your data and settings ( save for email ) will make it back safely .
And if you 're looking for Zapruder - esque proof of custom ringtones on your iPhone , people have found icons in iTunes 7.3 that point to an eventual ringtone functionality in here , although the exact way this will work is unknown .
Advertisement
One thing we have to mention is the activation process , handled through iTunes in the " comfort " of your own home , which is n't all that comfortable when you 're waiting 48 hours ( like Jason ) to get your phone activated .
The backlog of people switching out from other providers and into AT&T should be cleared up now , and your process should go a lot faster and smoother . [ top ]
Batteries
When using my second , fully functional iPhone , it put up with my almost obsessive use of all functions and lasted from 8 am to midnight , with the standby mode lasting until dawn the next morning .
Very nice .
Other Gizmodo staff found times quoted by Apple to be within 20 % tolerance , which is a great thing .
I 'm happy with this , but notice that I said that this was my second iPhone .
Advertisement
My first unit needed to be replaced because moderate to heavy use dropped a full charge to 40 % left after 4 hours .
Very bad , and not an isolated incident .
Three other journalists have reported the same thing .
( Wireless Info did a post on battery issues . )
We can't be the only ones .
The good news is that Apple is taking care of everyone and making swaps .
This is absolutely covered under warranty , and the only question is what do you have to do to prove that your battery life is bad .
I 've heard of both easy walk in swaps , and cases where people needed to prove their battery was insufficient by leaving it with a store for multiple day tests .
Oh , one note — do n't trust the battery meter to tell you how much time you have left before it does .
Battery life drops like crazy at the 20 % .
You only have 90 minutes or so of battery left after that .
Advertisement
Charging the iPhone took it to 80 % in 2 - 3 hours , from being dead .
To get it to the 100 % mark takes another 2 - 3 hours .
I 've had situations where the iPhone would sit at 90 % for a long time , even after an overnight charge .
The UI for the battery charging is different than that on an iPod :
There is no flashing , just a lightning bolt icon in the battery meter when charging , and a AC plug icon when it 's full .
Because the icon is so small , there 's no easy way to see exact battery life .
Even if your iPhone 's batteries work fine at first , expect to make another swap later , around the 400th charge , the battery will be at ~ 80 % .
requiring a repair [ We got it wrong when we said that your battery would be dead at this point .
Apple 's website says so . ]
These numbers are good considering the performance of most lithium batteries .
However , you can replace the battery when its life becomes too short for your liking by sending it to Applecare .
It 'll cost you about $ 80 if after the first year , and be covered under warranty if before then .
But by what measurement is a battery defective vs just losing capacity naturally ?
I do n't know .
Why can't you swap the battery yourself ?
The iPhone can only be this small using lithium polymer batteries , which mold in place .
It 's a technological limitation , not Apple 's fault .
Advertisement
Others test results for batteries :
Pogue : 5 hours of video , 23 hours of music ( with Wi-Fi on )
Mossberg : 7 hours and 18 minutes of continuous talk time .
22 hours of music , just under 7 hours , Internet / Youtube / Email over 9 hours ( All with Wifi on and email being fetched ) [ top ]
CNet 's Crave found the iPhone 's battery life to be on par with its rated times .
Miscellaneous Things That Make us Smile or Frown
• Every app always retains state when you leave to take a call .
• It does n't have wireless syncing of data over EDGE , Wi-Fi , or Bluetooth , using local PC , . Mac , or even Google / Yahoo storage .
You sync when you dock with your Mac , which is something other phones can do .
But hey , you 're charging this thing every day , right ?
Might as well be by USB .
• Syncing backs up all your stuff , including notes and settings , although you can't read your notes on the PC .
• No little ring to hang my Kawaii cellphone charms off .
• 700 MB taken by system files .
No shit , really .
No , not really .
I think it may be closer to 180MB , thanks to the math of a Richard Graver at EverythingiPhone.com .
• The 4GB unit should be $ 50 cheaper if they want to move those units .
• GSM buzz is maddening in some docks , and some car tape adapters .
[ top ]
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Advertisement
Other Reviews and Reference materials
Specs from Apple 's site
Reviews by Mainstream Publications
• David Pogue at The New York Times ( And his iPhone Music Video set to Sinatra 's " My Way " )
• Walt Mossberg and Katie at All Things D and WSJ
• Steven Levy at Newsweek
• Ed Baig at USA Today
• Lev Grossman at Time
Advertisement
Geek Reviews
• Ars 's review has beautiful photos , solid testing and analysis , and even videos .
They get into the nitty gritty of activation , and some of the hacks .
• Wireless Info's 15,000 word review
• PC World 's iPhone review
• PC Mag's iPhone review
• CNET's iPhone review
FAQs and other resources
• Often Asked iPhone Questions ( Pogue and the NYTimes )
• Wikipedia 's iPhone page
[ top ]
Advertisement
Technical review conducted by Jason Chen , edited by Brian Lam , with additional reporting and research by Wilson Rothman and Charlie White .
Photos by Adrian Covert and Ben Longo .
Artwork by Jesus Diaz .
Jesus phone is a trademark of no one .
Disclosure : I'm ( Jason Chen ) writing a book on How to Do Everything with Your iPhone .
Some might be concerned about our impartiality , since the better the phone does , the better it 's going to sell , but we pulled zero punches and gave the phone a very critical look .
That said , go buy my book because the iPhone cures cancer , saves children from wells and improves your lovelife ten - fold ; but you need to know how to use it correctly .
Try as they might to bury one of the nastiest instances of political meddling in the course of justice , sooner or later the David Hicks case was bound to resurface as an unwanted pong for a desperate government .
The New York attorney and Columbia law lecturer Scott Horton , who has written tirelessly on Hicks 's case for Harper 's Magazine , reports that a military officer told him that the Vice - President , Dick Cheney , " interfered directly to get Hicks 's plea bargain deal " .
The timing seems to work .
By the end of 2006 the Government was taking a lot of heat on Hicks and its hardline " terror boy " tactic was fraying .
Cheney was in Australia in February this year , the same month that Hicks was charged after five years of nothing much happening in Guantanamo Bay .
The next month the accelerator went flat to the boards - Hicks appeared before a military commission at 2 pm on March 26 and by 8 pm that evening returned to the courtroom , where it was announced that his lawyers had struck a deal with an official in the Pentagon .
The prosecution lawyers were nowhere in the deal - making loop .
October 27 , 2007
At the 57th annual meeting of the American Society of Human Genetics , Applied Biosystems announced the worldwide commercial availability of SOLiD , the company ’s next - generation DNA sequencing platform .
The SOLiD System is an end - to - end next - generation genetic analysis solution comprised of the sequencing unit , chemistry , a computing cluster and data storage which promises unparalleled throughput , scalability , accuracy , and application flexibility .
Virtually all human diseases have genetic underpinnings .
Currently , researchers studying complex diseases such as cancer , diabetes , and heart disease rely on reference human DNA sequences from large - scale DNA sequencing projects to broadly associate genetic variations to these diseases .
Scientists also use a variety of methods to associate activity or level of expression of specific genes with characteristics of disease .
This new era of life - science research calls for technologies that can help scientists to cost - effectively identify how genetic variation and patterns of gene expression contribute to disease , and the manner in which individual genotypes impact how people may respond to various treatments .
Although life - science researchers have studied genetic variation and differential gene expression using a wide range of technologies , the use of the SOLiD System is expected to simplify the identification , collection , and analysis of genetic information .
The company began an early - access program for the SOLiD System in June of this year .
Since then , the platform has improved throughput 4 - fold and increased read lengths by 40 % .
The current system is capable of delivering up to 4 billion bases of sequence data per run , establishing it as the highest throughput next - generation sequencing platform available today .
Data accuracy , another critical performance metric , remains at the highest level of accuracy among next - generation systems .
Higher throughput and higher data accuracy result in lower costs for sequencing projects .
As part of its early - access program , Applied Biosystems worked closely with customers and collaborators to expand the variety of applications now supported by the system .
“ In the new era of next - generation life sciences , higher - throughput sequencing technologies with application flexibility should enable researchers to use a single system to make meaningful associations between variations in the kinds and amounts of DNA sequences and disease , ” said Shaf Yousaf , president for Applied Biosystems ’ molecular and cell biology systems division .
“ New approaches to studying genetic variation are expected to profoundly affect pharmaceutical development programs as researchers study how individual genotypes are linked to how people respond to treatments for disease . ”
The system can be scaled to support a higher density of sequence per slide through bead enrichment .
Beads are an integral part of the SOLiD System ’s open - slide format architecture , enabling the system to exceed 4 gigabases of sequence data per run in Applied Biosystems ’ development laboratories .
The combination of the open - slide format , bead enrichment , and software algorithms provide the infrastructure for allowing it to scale to even higher throughput , without significant changes to the platform ’s current hardware or software .
The SOLiD System has a raw base accuracy greater than 99.94 % after 2 - base encoding , a mechanism that discriminates random or systematic errors from true single nucleotide polymorphisms ( SNPs ) .
This represents a 5 - fold higher accuracy than any data currently published to date on alternative next - generation sequencing platforms .
The platform ’s high accuracy , combined with mate - pair analysis , enables detection of sequence variation including SNPs , gene copy number variations , single - base duplications , inversions , insertions , and deletions .
Mate - pair sample preparation is a method that enables highly accurate sequence assembly , which is necessary for the analysis of complex genomes such as human , mouse and other model organisms .
The platform is based on sequencing by oligonucleotide ligation and detection .
Unlike polymerase sequencing approaches , the SOLiD System utilizes a proprietary technology called stepwise ligation , which generates high - quality data for applications including whole genome sequencing , chromatin immunoprecipitation ( ChIP ) , microbial sequencing , digital karyotyping , medical sequencing , genotyping , gene expression , and small RNA discovery , among others .
Leading research institutions around the world are already using the SOLiD System to conduct a wide range of applications .
Researchers at the Hubrecht Institute in The Netherlands are studying gene function in animal models , such as / C. elegans / ( roundworm ) , zebrafish , and rats , so that they can understand the function of similar genes in humans .
The researchers are using the SOLiD System to sequence DNA samples from thousands of different animals with up to 10,000 times coverage of genomic regions of interest .
This allows them to identify the specific mutations that have been introduced into these genomes .
Researchers then associate these varied sequences with observed changes to the organisms .
This process helps them to understand gene function in these animal models .
At Columbia University the SOLiD system is being used to compare whole - genome methylation patterns in breast cancer to investigate what roles abnormal patterns of methylation might play in carcinogenesis – the formation of cancer .
“ The throughput of the SOLiD System is tremendous , quickly reaching the point where we can plan for routine whole - genome methylation profiling of many samples , ” said Columbia ’s Dr. Edwards .
“ The scalability of the SOLiD System allows us to confidently make plans to expand our studies and develop new applications and analysis methods for epigenetic profiling that will help us to better understand what role methylation patterns play in carcinogenesis . ”
At the University of Queensland in Australia , researchers are studying the transcriptome to better understand important cellular processes such as cell differentiation , kidney damage and repair , and tumor initiation and progression .
They are using the SOLiD System for transcriptome analysis to measure the amounts of relevant variant mRNA transcripts expressed in animal models .
The SOLiD System is making it possible for them to detect both rarely expressed mRNA transcripts and rare variants of known transcripts .
Meanwhile researchers at the University of Tokyo are studying promotor regions of the genome – the switches that turn genes on and off – to better understand how patterns of gene expression contribute to disease , regulatory networks , and cell differentiation .
These scientists are using the SOLiD System to profile transcription start sites ( TSS ) , because to effectively analyze promoter regions it is necessary to determine the location of TSS .
The SOLiD System is already enabling new ways of performing genetic analysis applications , which may set new standards for how scientists are able to approach complex challenges associated with understanding the biological basis for health and disease .
For further info visit Applied Biosystems .
The Next Batch of Crime Statistics Wo n’t Be Much Fun For the Media
Crime trends have been mixed in the last few years , with some crimes increasing ( mostly involving violence ) and others declining ( the majority of property crimes ) .
In spite of the facts , I ’ve noted in the past how the media has systematically distorted the reporting of crime statistics to create the impression that crime is spiraling out of control .
If the 2007 patterns observed so far in the largest U.S. cities are any indication , the alarmist media is going to have to work hard to find a way to spin this round of crime statistics into doom and gloom .
Of the ten most populous cities , I was able to locate year - to - date crime data for five of them .
New York City reports a 13 % decline in homicide , an 11 % fall in robbery , and a 7.5 % reduction in burglary this year .
Meanwhile , in Los Angeles , Police Commissioner Bill Bratton and his crew are having a good year as well : homicide is down 20 % , robbery 6 % , and burglary 2 % .
The numbers in Chicago are not quite as good : the murder rate is flat , with robbery down 7 % and burglary down 2 % .
Crime is also down across the board in San Diego , although I do not have exact percentages because the data for 2006 and 2007 were displayed in slightly different forms .
Of the five cities I examined , the only one that partially bucks the trend is Phoenix , which has seen a decline in homicide , but increases in both robbery and burglary .
Will an inventive media be able to use these crime data to scare people into thinking crime is getting worse ?
Most likely , yes .
Never underestimate the creativity of journalists .
Indeed ,
The Economist has already gotten a jump on the rest with an article describing Phoenix as a “ crime - ridden mess . ”
China could soon overtake the US as the world 's biggest polluter
In the UK , three more headline - worthy climate change " initiatives " have been unveiled .
But are these kinds of measures enough ?
Charity Global Cool has launched My CO2 , a celebrity - endorsed campaign which offers a " Carbon Coach " who will give your lifestyle a " workout " and help you make simple everyday changes to cut greenhouse gases emissions .
The government - funded Carbon Trust has produced a map comparing emissions in towns and cities across the UK , and low - cost airline Flybe is to introduce " eco-labels " for their flights detailing their noise , fuel consumption and carbon emissions .
It will also allow passengers to " offset " the pollution produced by paying money to fund renewable energy projects .
Given China 's tough stance , what are the implications be for UK climate change policy and do we need something more radical than a carbon " workout " ?
' Right signals '
Friends of the Earth say carbon offsetting is a " distraction " from the real challenge of tackling emissions at source .
But the charity PURE , which will oversee the Flybe scheme , insists it can make a difference .
Head of fundraising Phil Wolski says it removes industrial " licences to pollute " from developing countries like China by buying up so - called " carbon credits " and taking them off the market .
China is saying what we have long said - the rich industrialised countries must go first
Tony Juniper
Friends of the Earth
It also funds green energy projects in these countries - and in the UK - to cut emissions and help " migrate " cleaner technology to the developing world .
Mr Wolski said : " For the last 200 years , the West has been burning fossil fuels , so we can't now go to places like China and tell them they can't .
" Instead , it 's about sending the right signals to China through our actions - and we can make a serious difference there with our projects . "
PURE insist they offer a way for people in the UK to contribute to reducing pollution in developing countries even where overall national policy is not environmentally friendly .
For example , in India , another major polluter , a PURE scheme in Malavali has provided renewable energy to 10,000 people and reduced CO2 emissions by 20,000 tonnes using money from UK carbon offsetters .
Global Cool also have their sights set on India as part of their mission to sign up one billion people to their lifestyle campaign .
They plan to use Bollywood stars to try to inspire ordinary Indians to tackle climate change .
Campaign director Fanny Calder said : " We believe that if we can be successful with individuals , we can then create the political space for governments to take more action . "
Green leadership
Beyond the level of the individual citizen , many believe China 's attitude should prompt - or even shame - us into a much more strategic national change .
Tony Juniper , executive director of Friends of the Earth , believes China 's position is " morally justified " and the UK must set a better example .
" The thing we are lacking now is leadership , " he said .
If anyone says China is not taking climate change seriously because it is putting economic growth first , I would ask , ' How that is different from many other countries ? '
Prof Mike Hulme
" In a way , China is saying what we have long said - the rich industrialised countries must go first .
" The reality is that in most industrialised countries emissions are going up , not down , so we need to improve our own credibility before calling on nations like China to sign up to international agreements .
" We need some real - world examples of countries going low carbon and still maintaining economic growth and quality of life for its people .
" For example , if we can get carbon capture and storage technology going here , we can then offer it to China at preferential rates .
That will show them that we are serious about our own emissions and that we want to help them develop as well . "
Shared ambitions
Professor Mike Hulme , director of the Tyndall Centre for climate change research , says he sees China 's announcement as a positive step .
" For the first time there is a public and very visible recognition that climate change is a factor in thinking about long term national goals in China .
That would have been unthinkable 10 years ago . "
Prof Hulme also believes we in the UK should remember that China 's priorities are , at heart , no different from our own .
Carbon offset charities say they support renewable energy projects
" If anyone says China is not taking climate change seriously because it is putting economic growth first , I would ask , ' How that is different from many other countries ? '
" The language and rhetoric may be different , but the concern about growth is the same in the UK , US and Europe .
" The political project which all parties agree here on is first and foremost about securing growth .
You can critique that , but most of the population definitely buys into it . "
Ultimately , many believe that economic growth and reduced emissions go hand in hand , so industry here and in China must simply be encouraged to develop " greenly " .
That is the justification behind the Carbon Trust 's map , says its solutions project director , Hugh Jones .
" Now is the time for businesses worldwide to grasp the idea that it cutting emissions is key to being competitive internationally .
" If UK businesses do n't , they will be outflexed by others in places like China that do . "
Japanese women play PlayStation Portables ( PSP ) in a " brain training " programme in Yokohama , west of Tokyo , March 18 , 2006 .
Sony Corp said on Thursday it sold a record number of its PlayStation Portables ( PSP ) in Japan in September as a slimmer and cheaper version of the handheld game machine helped drive demand .
REUTERS / Toshiyuki Aizawa
TOKYO ( Reuters ) - Sony Corp said on Thursday it sold a record number of its PlayStation Portables ( PSP ) in Japan in September as a slimmer and cheaper version of the handheld game machine helped drive demand .
Sony Computer Entertainment , Sony ’s videogame unit , said it sold 550,000 units of the new version of the PSP in the month , topping PSP sales in Japan in any other month including December 2004 , when the original PSP went on sale .
Sony launched the new PSP in Japan on September 20 for 19,800 yen ( $ 170 ) , 5 percent less than the original model to better compete with Nintendo Co Ltd ’s hot - selling DS .
The new model comes in a wider variety of colors .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
Five days after setting off a political firestorm with an ad in The New York Times attacking the top U.S. commander in Iraq , MoveOn.org has set its sights on President Bush .
The MoveOn.org ad was posted on YouTube on Friday .
The liberal advocacy group announced Friday it is rolling out a new national television ad campaign next week accusing Bush of " a betrayal of trust . "
" Before the surge , George Bush had 130,000 troops stuck in Iraq , " states the ad's narrator .
" Americans had elected a new Congress to bring them home .
Instead , Bush sent 30,000 more troops . "
" Now he 's making a big deal about , you guessed it ... pulling out 30,000 , " the narrator adds .
" So , next year , there will still be 130,000 troops stuck in Iraq . "
In a statement , Nita Chaudhary , a MoveOn.org spokeswoman , said the president has " given us a sham draw - down plan -- 30,000 troops by next July is not a plan to end the war . "
" No one is fooled by this , " Chaudhary said .
" It 's just a political scheme to provide cover for Republicans and run out the clock to the end of his term . "
Absent from the television spot is the commander , Gen. David Petraeus .
MoveOn.org , in its " Petraeus or Betray us ? " ad in The New York Times , said the general was n't being truthful in his Iraq report for political reasons .
The Times ad claimed Petraeus " will not admit what everyone knows : Iraq is mired in an unwinnable religious civil war . "
It also suggested that Petraeus ' testimony was influenced by the White House .
Republican lawmakers condemned the full - page ad when Petraeus testified before them earlier this week .
Democratic lawmakers also questioned the ad , including Sen .
John Kerry , D - Massachusetts , who called it " over the top . "
" I do n't like any kind of characterizations in our politics that call into question any active - duty , distinguished general who I think under any circumstances serves with the best interests of our country , " said Kerry , the 2004 Democratic presidential candidate and a decorated Vietnam veteran .
Eli Pariser , executive director of MoveOn.org , told CNN the group wanted to move past Petraeus in the TV ad campaign and " remind people about the president 's role in this as well . "
And despite condemnation from members of both parties over the ad in The New York Times , Pariser says he has no regrets the organization placed it , saying , " We 're happy it caused people to take a close look at the statistics . "
Meanwhile , former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani , a Republican candidate for president , placed his own ad in The New York Times on Friday rebutting MoveOn.org and attacking " the Democrats ' orchestrated attacks on General Petraeus . "
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney , a fellow Republican presidential candidate , said Sens. Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama , and former Sen. John Edwards , who are all Democratic presidential candidates , are afraid to renounce MoveOn.org and the ad .
Romney called MoveOn.org 's ad " unacceptable and reprehensible " and praised Petraeus as " a great American . "
E-mail to a friend
CNN 's Martina Stewart contributed to this report .
All About George W. Bush • Iraq War • David Petraeus • MoveOn.org
NEW YORK , July 6 ( Reuters Life ! ) -
Men might still dominate most workplaces but a study has proven what many happy couples know -- the wife runs the roost at home and the husband is happy to let her .
A team of researchers from Iowa State University studied 72 couples and found that the wife ’s view on how to solve problems within the marriage or the home took precedence over the husband ’s opinion and he was happy to accept that .
“ The women were communicating more powerful messages and men were responding to those messages by agreeing or giving in , ” Associate Professor of Psychology David Vogel , one of the leaders of the study , said in a statement .
The study was conducted by questioning the 72 couples who had on average been married for seven years with all the couples in the sample relatively happy in their marriages .
Each spouse was asked to independently complete a questionnaire on relationship satisfaction and an assessment of overall decision - making ability in the relationship .
Each spouse was also asked to identify a problem in their relationship then brought together to discuss the problem topics for 10 minutes with their discussions videotaped after the researchers left the room .
The researchers later reviewed and coded the videotapes of couples ’ interactions using a rating system that calculates demand and withdraw behaviors -- avoidance , discussion , blame , pressure for change , and withdraws .
Vogel said that wives did n’t just talk more than their husbands in discussions , but drew favorable responses from their husbands to what they said .
“ The study at least suggests that the marriage is a place where women can exert some power , ” said Vogel .
“ Whether or not it ’s because of changing societal roles , we do n’t know .
But they are , at least , taking responsibility and power in these relationships . ”
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Chemical elements observed around a burned - out star known as a white dwarf offer evidence Earth - like planets once orbited it , suggesting that worlds like our own may not be rare in the cosmos , scientists said on Thursday .
An artist 's rendering of the white dwarf GD 362 , surrounded by a dust disk , located 150 light - years from Earth , is seen in this undated handout .
A light year is about 6 trillion miles ( 10 trillion km ) , the distance light travels in a year .
Chemical elements observed around a burned - out star known as a white dwarf offer evidence Earth - like planets once orbited it , suggesting that worlds like our own may not be rare in the cosmos , scientists said on August 16 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Jon Lomberg / Gemini Observatory / Handout
Astronomers at the University of California , Los Angeles and University of Kiel in Germany studied a white dwarf called GD 362 located 150 light - years away in our Milky Way galaxy .
They figured out the chemical composition of a large asteroid that was ripped apart by gravitational forces as it approached GD 362 , finding it was similar to the Earth ’s crust .
It was rich in iron and calcium and low in carbon , much like a strong rock , they said .
The white dwarf is surrounded by dusty rings , probably made up of objects shredded as they ventured too close .
“ It ’s probably quite similar to Saturn ’s rings , ” UCLA astronomer Michael Jura said in a telephone interview .
GD 362 once was a star similar to the sun .
After billions of years , it ballooned into a “ red giant ” as part of its death process , expelling most of its outer material , then degenerated into a burnt - out remnant called a white dwarf .
The fact that the asteroid is so similar in make - up to the Earth , as well as the moon , indicates that rocky planets like our own may have orbited the star eons ago , Jura said .
And if such planets currently populate our solar system and existed in a planetary system around this white dwarf , they may well be fairly common in the universe , Jura added .
EXTRATERRESTRIAL
LIFE ?
The research , based on observations made using the Keck I Telescope in Hawaii , will appear in the Astrophysical Journal .
It is the latest evidence found by astronomers indicating that planets like Earth are found outside our solar system .
European astronomers in April said they detected the most Earth - like planet yet outside the solar system orbiting a star 20.5 light - years from here , with temperatures that could harbor water and perhaps life .
A light year is about 6 trillion miles , the distance light travels in a year .
Jura said that his study ’s fresh evidence of Earth - like planets outside our solar system lends support to the possibility of extraterrestrial life .
“ It ’s more than just daydreams , ” Jura said .
“ It ’s realistic to imagine that there are other places relatively similar to the Earth which would be a habitat .
But , of course , we have no evidence whatsoever that they ( alien life forms ) do exist . ”
The rocky asteroid had a diameter of roughly 125 miles ( 200 km ) and may have been smashed by GD 362 between 100,000 and a million years ago , the astronomers said .
While the white dwarf has a mass close to that of our sun , it has collapsed to such a point that its diameter is approximately that of the Earth .
GD 362 may offer a glimpse into our solar system ’s future .
Astronomers believe the sun in perhaps 5 billion years will go through the same process , ending up as a white dwarf .
UCLA astronomer Benjamin Zuckerman said when our sun starts to expand in size and lose mass , the planets closest to the sun , Mercury and Venus , will get engulfed and destroyed .
Other planets , probably including Earth , and the asteroid belt between Mars and Jupiter , will spiral out of their orbits , Zuckerman said .
Here is a question which comes up all the time on the Business of Software forums .
Hello , my name is XXX and I created an application N months ago which sells for $ Y .
I have gotten Z sales so far .
What can I do to increase sales ?
First off , congratulations on finishing an application that real people think was worth spending money on .
That ’s an accomplishment .
It is also the easiest part about running a software business , and you ’ve got a long road ahead of you .
Lets get cracking .
Actually , first , the obligatory disclaimer : everyone ’s markets are different .
Everyone ’s goals are different .
Everyone ’s strengths are different .
I sell to technically disinclined B2C customers and make enough money to nicely supplement my dayjob every month but could not go full time on Bingo Card Creator ( a good thing , too , as 1 - 2 hours of work a week would leave me with far too much free time ) .
I ’ve also only been doing this for , hmm , coming on 10 months now .
This is n’t the Bible of Internet Software Marketing , its just things that I have found effective and advice passed along from people I trust .
1. Install Analytics .
It is critical that you have enough data on how your business is working to make informed decisions .
Analytics software ( I like Google Analytics and CrazyEgg ) lets you know how many people are visiting your website , how they got there ( in particular , what search engine terms got them there ) , how many of them go on to download your free trial or purchase , what pages are most of interest to them , etc .
2. Start Search Engine Optimization .
Ideally , you ’ll have had your website domain up for a significant portion of the time you were developing , packed full of keyword - rich content gradually aging like a fine cheese and convincing Google that you ’re not some fly - by - night spam site operator .
Did n’t do that ?
Do n’t worry , I did n’t either — its a great thing to have done but for first projects it is a great idea in hindsight for almost anyone .
Anyhow , age is one factor which gets you out of the Google sandbox , which is where sites languish without getting headway on competitive search terms .
However , even if your website went up 2 months ago , you can still start SEOing actively .
Concentrate first on making your website very useful for people who land on it .
This involves sharpening your pencils ( or WYSIWYG editors ) and writing some compelling content .
Its shocking the number of folks who come in for advice on the forums who have less than 100 words of content on their website in total .
Google can’t read minds , folks — if it is n’t on the page or in referring links they have no clue your web page is about that .
So start writing .
Write about what your customers care about in language similar to what they use .
You know that plastic marketing speak that large companies seem to produce far too much of ?
Introducing a new paradigm in best - of - breed B2C customer empowerment synergies ?
Nobody writes “ new paradigm in best - of - breed B2C customer empowerment synergies ” in Google !
They write things like “ How do I deal with abusive customers ? ” ( natural language search is very scarily common among non-technical users , incidentally ) .
If you write your page like they write their search queries , you win .
( Simple example :
My original title for this post was “ So You ’ve Got Sales .
What Now ? ” .
That is how I talk , but its certainly not a natural search string .
“ increase software sales ” is , however , and this post will probably be on the front page of Google for that query within a week . )
Do n’t neglect the technical end of onsite search optimization .
There are stupidly simple five minute fixes which will improve your rankings dramatically .
Use your title tags .
Use h1 and bold to call out the important bits of your page ( that helps Web readability , too ) .
Add descriptive alt text to your images .
Use this really easy trick I shamelessly stole from Nick Hebb ( who makes flowchart software , which he handily describes in a terminology box ) and include a sidebar box listing synonyms for your key search terms .
Its not obvious to Google that I sell a bingo card maker without the bold callout on my frontpage saying so .
3. Start getting links .
This is the other side of the SEO puzzle .
I have tried buying links and , well , that was a crushing failure .
( I ended up paying $ 40 to get mentioned on a Chinese forum and a spam site … thank you sir , may I have another . )
Its the links I did n’t lift a finger to get that are actually worthwhile to me in terms of traffic and SEO juice .
Well , “ did n’t lift a finger ” understates the efforts a bit .
Sites do n’t attract links .
Content attracts links .
A person who tosses you a link from their site , blog , livejournal , email to Mom , newsletter , whatever , has taken a bit of time out of their day to promote something you have done to people whose trust they have built up .
They really value that trust , and they do n’t waste it by wasting people ’s times with links to useless pages ( and God knows there are enough of those on the Internet ) .
Rather , they send links to pages which are interesting , topical , useful , etc .
So how do you get links ?
Write content which is designed to be linked to , sometimes called linkbait .
Sure , you ’ve got your software to sell , but unless you ’re exceptionally lucky people wo n’t wake up one morning and decide their blog readers need to hear about your product .
However , folks in your niche have a variety of common interests , and they ’re always eager to hear about that .
For example , elementary school English teachers are some of my best customers .
One thing they really like is having lists of Dolch sight words , which form the basis of early English instruction .
They pass them around to colleagues , print them out and hand them to parents , include them in the classroom ’s weekly newsletter , link them from the Early Readers Homepage , etc etc .
Writing that one page , which does genuinely provide value to people in my niche , took a few hours but pays off every single day of the year .
By the way , notice the instructions at the top on how to link to the page ?
This is a fairly important thing for non-technical customers , who might not know what a URL is .
Blogging software , etc , makes it easier than every for folks to provide links to things .
For folks not using it yet , I try to make it as easy as possible for them to help their friends out while in the process helping me .
Putting up a simple HTML sample helps quite a bit for that .
4. Blog .
In the category of providing useful , easily linkable content , blogging has few equals .
If you talk about what your customers care about , people toss around links like candy .
The culture and technical nature of blogging strongly encourages links .
You can capitalize this by having a customer - focused blog on your site .
( This blog is neither customer focused nor on my site , yet it sends me 10 % of my traffic and a few hundred dollars worth of sales .
Please , do better at following my advice than I do .
🙂 )
I strongly prefer http://www.mysite.com/blog over http://blog.mysite.com and http://myblog.myblogprovider.com in terms of SEO benefits .
Oh , a word on software — WordPress just works .
I have heard good things about MovableType , too , but WordPress is good enough for me .
Andy Brice ( he makes software that does table plans for weddings and also has a very interesting series on marketing methods on his blog ) is of the opinion that blogging rapidly diminishes in relevance , so it is a constant time commitment .
I agree for blogging as practiced by many technically inclined folks , where you are perpetually identifying the New and Shiny or the controversies of the day and commenting on them .
TechCrunch , for example , has archives which are stale mere days or weeks after the posts are written .
So do n’t write like TechCrunch .
I like to think of blogging in terms of producing resources for readers .
The best resources are evergreens — they ’re good today , they ’ll be good tomorrow , they ’ll probably be good in years .
Some of my more popular posts here , for example on software registration systems , would have been topical ten years ago and will probably be topical ten years from now .
That post picks up links , visits , and comments six months after being written .
Writing evergreens is like investing in yourself — it is a way for today ’s labor to pay dividends tomorrow and every day thereafter .
Blogs also foster a sense of community .
Having communities of your customers online is nice .
It allows you to hear useful feedback on how to improve your product , gives you a built - in base of passionate folks who spread the word for you , and folks eventually get to know you personally and are nice to you because of that .
For example , there is a vibrant little uISV community on the BoS boards and in a wee little circle of blogs , and within that community there are both passionate users ( I have been described as the local sales rep for e-junkie before , and this blog has probably sold more copies of Direct Access than it has Bingo Card Creator ) and lots of folks who help each other out .
One example : I ’m not sure exactly who started it but Ian Landsman and a couple folks noticed when I was writing about Free Bingo Cards and decided to spread the word .
5. Eliminate barriers to checkout .
Presumably if you ’ve got sales you ’re already capable of processing credit card payments through at least one processor .
Good .
Can you offer another one , for example if folks do n’t trust Paypal ?
One of my favorite features of e-junkie ( watch me sell them again — I swear , I really do n’t make any money doing this 😉 ) is that you can get Paypal and Google Checkout working for the same amount of work ( i.e. not much ) .
Some folks already have Paypal accounts , some have heard horror stories and will never trust their credit cards with them , and never the twain shall meet .
Checkout is a useful ( and cheap ) safety valve for those prospects .
Also , make sure your prospective customers know you can process credit cards and checks .
“ Pay here through Paypal ” does n’t provide useful information to customers who do n’t know what Paypal is ( they exist , trust me ) .
Mention that “ Paypal is a trustworthy company used by millions ( including eBayers ) which processes your Visa , Mastercard , or checking account so that you can buy things online ” and watch your conversion rate go up .
There are a variety of possible checkout logos available or you can roll your own , but for goodness sake put the credit card logos on or near the button .
Its one of those no - brainer “ having logos beats not having them by 3 - 1 ” type decisions .
Is your checkout process instant ?
No ?
Fix that .
None of this “ You ’ll get your registration key in 24 hours ” nonsense , particularly not for B2C apps which may be impulse or time - sensitive purchases ( I get LOTS of customers who need to make cards for a bridal shower tonight ) .
Also remember , you do n’t get the benefits of having your process be instant if you do n’t mention them to your customers before checkout !
Make sure they know they ’re one simple 30 second form away from having shiny new software !
6 . Offer a money - back guarantee prominently .
Do n’t have one yet ?
Fix that .
Really , what needs to be said has been said .
7. Work on your AdWords campaign .
I have poured dozens of hours and hundreds of dollars into my AdWords campaign ( my # 1 business expense by a factor of lots ) , and had my fair share of months where it cost me more money than it made and where Google had me pulling my hair out .
The bottom line though ?
You can make it work , and when you figure out how to its free money .
( My cost per trial is trending down from the profitable $.30 to the noticeably wealth - producing $.20 - $.25 , and its a nice hedge against fluctuations in organic search rankings . )
SharewarePromotions has some nice articles about AdWords optimization , and my archives have quite a few as well .
Many of the improvements you make to your site at large , like improving landing pages and putting important keywords in your content , will help AdWords out .
Other than that , use AdGroups well ( focus them by theme ) , keep search and content networks in separate campaigns for ease of use , prune nonperforming or overly expensive keywords religiously , keep your eye on the cost per conversion number while keeping CTR at the back of your mind ( keep it above about 1 % on search ads or you ’ll get penalized harshly by minimum bids which take MONTHS to work back down , and keep trying different ad texts / landing pages until you find copy that sells .
8 . Take a break .
Really , do n’t knock yourself out .
Improving sales ( warning : overused cliche alert ) is more of a journey than a destination and the test , observe , retest , observe , cycle can take months or years .
Do n’t burn yourself out by trying to do it all in one day , and do n’t get discouraged if you ca n’t make a $ 10,000 a month in 6 months after starting .
Consistent sustained improvement is the key to long - term success .
Set some goals for yourself , measure progress towards them , and have fund enjoying your hard - earned successes .
( I ’m blowing my revenue goals for this year , sadly , but my recent round of website improvements has my conversion rates and level of understanding of my customers up nicely . )
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
My mother in law went outside , then came back into the house screaming , " There 's a midget in the swimming pool ...! "
Someone had thrown Herve Villechaize into the pool , and he was drowning .
" All you want to hear is how wonderful you are . "
" You never listen to anyone but yourself . "
" You 're spoiled . "
Vidal :
Are you crazy ?
Mailer : Shut up .
Vidal :
You 're absolutely mad .
You are violent .
Mailer : I 'll see you on the show .
Mailer :
Why do n't you look at your question sheet and ask a question ?
Cavett :
Why do n't you fold it five ways and put it where the moon do n't shine .
... after Sonny Liston flattened Patterson , Mailer had stayed up partying most of the night .
He returned to his room early in the morning , but instead of getting some rest , or at least a shower , had spent the remaining time before the post - fight press conference drinking some more while trying to chat up the chamber maid cleaning his room .
He made Liston 's victorious post fight conference but preceded to barge onto the stage and attempt to explain to Liston that he could existentially prove that Liston had n't won , and that he , Norman Mailer , was the only man who could promote the rematch into a million dollar event .
Liston , apparently , stared in impassive , silent , disbelief as Mailer was carried out of the room on his chair .
It has come to my attention that Gore Vidal has been speaking in your pages of my hatred of women .
Let me present the following items .
Number of times married : Mailer 5 Vidal 0 Number of children : Mailer 7 Vidal 0 Number of daughters : Mailer 5 Vidal 0
These statistics of course prove nothing unless it is to suggest that the reason Vidal may have married no lady and fathered no child is due perhaps to his love of women and his reluctance therefore to injure their tender flesh with his sharp tongue .
and six wives .
But while sex remained a fascination for Norman Mailer ( along with power and celebrity ) , he lived his ideas — the good ones and the bad .
His life became an 84 - year fantasmagoria of fulfilled impulses , and the strange and wonderful knowledge that resulted .
Woody Allen once joked that when Norman Mailer died , he 'd donate his ego for medical research .
Calling ego " the buzzword of the century , " Mailer boldly explored his passions in nine different decades , leaving behind a secret second body of work — amazing stories about the story - teller 's life .
Here 's some of the highlights .
Attracted by Hollywood intrigue , Mailer devoted his third novel The Deer Park to the depravation of the entertainment industry , naming it after the notorious 18th - century pleasure groves of King Louis XV . ( " ... that gorge of innocence and virtue in which were engulfed so many victims . " )
But in 1968 Mailer pioneered a new form of excess , filming five days of unscripted improvisation " to dissolve the line between fiction and actuality , " one biographer wrote — " to set the stage for an explosion of human passions . "
Fist fights broke out , and the movie ends with a genuine brawl between Mailer and actor Rip Torn .
Publisher Barney Rosset lent his house for part of the filming , and remembered that things quickly descended into chaos .
Rosset drove to Mailer 's hotel room , banged on the door , and shouted " Norman , you 've gotta come back and get your midget ! "
Villechaize was taken to a hospital where his stomach was pumped ( possibly for alcohol ) , but the next day , the future Fantasy Island star was back on the set .
The movie told the story of a movie director — coincidentally , with Mailer 's name — who 's considering a run for the Presidency .
Mailer wanted to explore what provokes the assassination of political figures , but the cast unwisely included both Mailer 's wife and his ex-wife , and at one point Torn even advised the actors to attack Mailer 's film doppelganger with their harshest criticisms of Mailer himself .
The movie 's ultimate achievement is probably the brutal honesty it uncovered .
Torn 's attack on Mailer — while wielding a hammer — was apparently triggered by disappointment that the movie had n't followed through on its assassination premise .
" Four of Mailer 's children — Dandy , Betsy , Michael , and Stephen — were terrified , screaming after Torn 's assault on their father ...
Calling
Torn a ' crazy fool cocksucker ' , Mailer wrestled him to the ground , biting and nearly tearing off Torn 's ear .
"
In 1971 Norman Mailer showed up drunk on the Dick Cavett show .
Backstage he slapped guest Gore Vidal , then literally butted his head , according to Mailer 's recollections in a 1977 article in Esquire .
Vidal had written a nasty remark about Mailer ( comparing him to Charles Manson ) , and when Mailer finally took his seat , he sat in cold fury , spitting out fierce and cryptic insults .
The audience hated him —
But then Mailer 's competitive instincts kicked in , and during the commercial break he sobered up enough to collect his wits .
"
Why do you have to answer them with insults and nasty statements and they 're answering you maturely and with dignity ? " a woman asked from the audience .
" They 're mature and full of dignity , " Mailer replied , " and they 'd cut my throat in any alley ...
" In that moment a famous feud began with Gore Vidal that lasted nearly 20 years .
" I 've been misrepresented , by my own paranoid lights , for twenty - five years in this country ... "
Mailer told Cavett 's audience .
" I have presumed with all my extraordinary arrogance and loutishness and crudeness to step forth and say , ' I 'm going to be the champ until one of you knocks me off ...'
But you know , they do n't knock you off because they 're too damned simply yellow , and they kick me in the nuts , and I do n't like it .
" It was one of the great moments of live television , and Mailer regretted only that his points had n't come through clearly , though he 'd definitely made an impression .
( As he himself described it , " The good byes were short .
Mailer turned around and Vidal was gone . " )
This fascination continued , Mailer holding a fierce contempt with the mass media while occasionally also flirting with it .
In 1981 he appeared as the doomed architect Stanford White in the movie version of E.L. Doctorow 's Ragtime .
And in 2004 he even played himself in an episode of The Gilmore Girls .
The episode was titled " Norman Mailer , I'm Pregnant .
" Boxers are artists , Mailer argued , facing the same high stakes of ego and punishment that a writer faces when staring at a blank page .
Or maybe Mailer was just attracted by the brutal pageantry .
( " I respect most boxers , " he once wrote , " because they 're violent people who learned to discipline themselves ... " )
His book The Fight captures all the social nuances of Muhammad Ali's 1974 re-match against George Foreman in Zaire .
But Mailer did n't just watch boxing ; he'd step into the ring , sparring recreationally with light heavyweight champion Jose Torres even when he'd reached his 50s .
And at least once , it went even further .
Yesterday one online boxing fan remembered Mailer 's most bizarre boxing moment , interrupting the post - fight press conference after the 1962 world heavyweight championship .
In 1967 Mailer wrote a book titled Why Are We In Vietnam in which the word " Vietnam " occurs only on the last page .
Instead the plot concerns two hormone - addled teenaged boys who wonder which one will bugger the other first .
( The back of the swaggering book featured a picture of Mailer himself with a black eye . )
Two years later Mailer ran for mayor of New York City , backed by columnist Jimmy Breslin , on a platform proposing that New York City should become the 51st state .
" I felt God wanted me to go into politics to save New York , " Mailer remembered last year .
" I was a high - octane fool .
" He brought his novelist 's ambition to covering the political scene , once receiving an invitation to meet President Kennedy , and remained fascinated by political personalities for nearly sixty years , and their suggestions about the national mood .
In 2003 , at the age of 80 , he published a new book titled Why Are We At War — this time filled with an unusually timely analysis of the post - 9/11 world .
" Since I believe in reincarnation , I think the character of your death is tremendously important to you .
One wants to be able to meet one 's death with a certain seriousness ..
Terrorism 's ultimate tendency is to make life absurd .
" But he felt that a crazy religious fervor lurked behind the Bush administration 's response .
" Once we become a twenty - first - century embodiment of the old Roman Empire , moral reform can stride right back into the picture .
" His political insights continued to the end .
Last year a collection of interviews found him weighing in on Bill Clinton 's statement about the Monica Lewinsky affair , that " I did it because I could . "
" I think the style of phrasing comes because of his wife .
" Having been married six times , I have some idea of what one says on such occasions .
" Norman Mailer did n't just write a biography of Marilyn Monroe , he wrote two — one , written in the first person
The 70s also found him writing a book of essays called The Prisoner of Sex , much of it rebutting the new wave of feminists who were criticizing his public statements .
One year before his death , he published a collection of interviews performed by his son John Buffalo Mailer .
Bill Clinton 's remark that " I did it because I could " had been labelled byas the epitomy of the boomer generation , an " amorality " that frees the fool to pursue all courses with abandon .
But Mailer made a simple yet irrefutable distinction for his own life .
" My amorality — if we 're going to get into it — was a search .
I wanted to learn more about sex .
" Throughout his life , Mailer remained forcefully unapologetic , clinging to his own sense of the sexes and insisting human relations could n't be reduced to simple formulas or sweeping generalizations .
1974 found him sending this letter to Women 's Wear Daily .
Ultimately Mailer 's feud with Vidal ended with a rapprochement in 1992 , and after Mailer 's death it led to one final irony .
In a New York Times profile , it was Vidal 's kind words which were offered as Mailer 's ultimate vindication .
" Each time he speaks he must become more bold , more loud , put on brighter motley and shake more foolish bells .
Yet of all my contemporaries I retain the greatest affection for Norman as a force and as an artist .
" He is a man whose faults , though many , add to rather than subtract from the sum of his natural achievements . "
A senior US nuclear official said Friday that North Koreans were in Syria and that Damascus may have had contacts with " secret suppliers " to obtain nuclear equipment .
Andrew Semmel , acting deputy assistant secretary of state for nuclear nonproliferation policy , did not identify the suppliers , but said North Koreans were in the country and that he could not exclude that the network run by the disgraced Pakistan nuclear scientist A.Q. Khan may have been involved .
TV Interview Rice concerned over Syrian nukes
Ynet US secretary of state addresses reports of possible nuclear facilities in Syria , says , ' We have to have policies that prevent the world 's most dangerous people from having the world 's most dangerous weapons '
Rice concerned over Syrian nukes
Syria has never commented publicly on its nuclear program .
It has a small research nuclear reactor , as do several other countries in the region , including Egypt .
While Israel and the US have expressed concerns in the past , Damascus has not been known to make a serious push to develop a nuclear energy or weapons program .
Proliferation experts have said that Syria 's weak economy would make it hard - pressed to afford nuclear technology , and that Damascus — which is believed to have some chemical weapons stocks — may have taken the position that it does not also need nuclear weapons .
Semmel was responding to questions about an Israeli airstrike in northern Syria last week .
Neither side has explained what exactly happened , but a US government official confirmed that Israeli warplanes were targeting weapons from Iran and destined for Hizbullah fighters in Lebanon
' They do have something going on there '
The Washington Post reported Thursday that Israel had gathered satellite imagery showing possible North Korean cooperation with Syria on a nuclear facility .
North Korea , which has a longstanding alliance with Syria , condemned the Israeli air incursion .
Israeli experts say North Korea and Iran both have been major suppliers of Syria 's missile stock .
Syrian Information Minister Mohsen Bilal told the Saudi newspaper Al - Sharq al - Awsat on Thursday that the accusations of North Korean nuclear help were a " new American spin to cover up " for Israel .
Semmel , who is in Italy for a meeting Saturday on the Nuclear Nonproliferation Treaty , said Syria was certainly on the US " watch list . "
" There are indicators that they do have something going on there , " he said .
" We do know that there are a number of foreign technicians that have been in Syria .
We do know that there may have been contact between Syria and some secret suppliers for nuclear equipment .
Whether anything transpired remains to be seen . "
" So good foreign policy , good national security policy , would suggest that we pay very close attention to that , " he said .
" We 're watching very closely .
Obviously , the Israelis were watching very closely . "
Asked if the suppliers could have been North Koreans , he said : " There are North Korean people there .
There 's no question about that .
Just as there are a lot of North Koreans in Iraq and Iran . "
Asked if the so - called Khan network , which supplied nuclear technology to Iran , Libya and North Korea , could have been involved , he said he " would n't exclude " it .
アダルトサイトっぽいページでリンク先に飛ぼうとすると、「個人情報を取得しました→登録が完了しました→何日以内に払え、払わないと通報」的な画像が表示されることがよくあります。ソーシャルブックマークなどでセルクマしてランキング操作しているサイトもあるので、知らずに訪れて焦ってしまう方も少なからずいるのでは。
しかし、それらの画像のほとんどはただの gif 画像。 「 請求の 正体見たり gif 画像 」ということで、さっさとページを閉じ、サイトの URL を検索してみるとかが吉かと 。
ところでそれらの画像って、マジマジと見ると大抵マヌケな感じがしてほほえましい。今までも当サイトで何度か取り上げたのだけれど、他にもそういう画像がないかと釣りサイトを巡ってみた。というわけで、以下ではそれらのサイトから収集した gif 画像を紹介します。画像をクリックすると、それぞれの画像を単体でみれるよ。再生が一回で終わるものもあるので。
まずは、 「 動画プレイヤーだと思ったら実は gif 画像 」というもの 。
再生ボタンを押そうと思ってクリックするとリンクされている別ページに飛ばされ、料金を請求される。他の画像もそうだけど、料金の請求ページでは
IP アドレスやプロバイダなどを表示することで「個人情報を取得しました」とかほざくものがほとんど。
次は、一番オーソドックスなパターンのひとつである、「ディスクに勝手に保存されて登録されちゃった」という画像。
↓
↓
↓
↓
とりあえ ず 「 ダウンロード先が一致してないぞ！」とか「保存しただけで登録完了て！」とか突っ込むべきでしょうか。ただ、あっという間に上の5枚が切り替わっていくので、初見では細かいところを確認できない人も多いはず。それでも、クリックを１、２回しただけでいきなり自動的に登録されたり、ファイルのダウンロードするだけで特定された個人情報を元に料金を請求されるということはまずありえないのだけれど。似たようなものとして次のようなものも。
「.exe」って表示されると、ウィルスやスパイウェアとかの心配はしちゃいそう。この画像はさておき、変なサイト覗いたあとは、一応チェックのためのソフトは走らせて見たほうがよさそう。
続いて、 「マイコンピュータから何か個人情報渡しちゃった」という画像。
↓
↓
本当に上記のやりとりがあったのなら、一体その通信で何がしたかったのかと問いたい。似たようなパターンは結構ある。
あっはっは 。
次は、 「コマンドプロンプトのようなものが表示されちゃった」という画像。
改めて見返すと、まず 「どんだけせっかちなんだよ」と。そして「どんだけブロードなバンドなんだよ」と。でもこれもちょっとビビるかも。コマンドプロンプト画面って、「自分にはよく分からないシステム部分のごにょごにょ」と思ってしまいがちなので。
最後に、 「スーパーハカーの仕業」としか思えない画像。
すげーセキュリティやぶられちゃった、てへへ。ここまでくるともはや神業、というかそもそも不可能ではないかと。
とまぁ、これまで100近いサイトをチェックしたうえで保存した画像を紹介してみたのだけれど、それで気づいたことは、どのサイトもだいたい上の画像の中から同じものを使いまわしているということ。しかも、そのほとんどがファイル名まで同じだった。同一業者が作成しているのか、あるいはただ単に使いまわしているのかは分からないけれど、サイトデザインやネーミング、URL
や階層パターンが似通っていたことから、サイトの数だけ業者がいるというわけではなさそうだった。
サイトごとにそれぞれ振込み先は異なるんだけど、複数の口座を作っておいたり人から買ったりしているのかも。いくつも似たようなサイトを作っては、あちこちの掲示板や
SNS、ソーシャルブックマーク経由で釣ろうとしているのだろう。月に４、５人がひっかかったら、それで20万近くは稼げるし、そういう「騙されやすい人」の名簿を入手すれば、他にもカモにする方法がありそうなものだし。困ったものだ。とりあえず、みなさん気をつけましょうってことで。
【おまけ 】
最近はFLASHファイルのものも結構あった。
その１
その２
その３
Just in case this site has n’t given you enough reasons to think twice before leaving a passive - aggressive note , Tobjar in Oakland , California passes along this cautionary tale from worsethanfailure.com :
Not too long ago , there was a small furor in the local media about a major disaster at The State ’s Technology Services Division .
… When employees of The State came in to work following a three day weekend , they found their workstations overloaded with “ cannot logon ” and “ Exchange communication ” error messages .
The Network Services folks had it even worse : the server room was a sweltering 109° Fahrenheit and filled with dead or dying servers … .
They worked day and night to order new equipment , build new servers , and restore everything from back - up .
Countless overtime hours and nearly two hundred thousand dollars in equipment costs later , they managed to bring everything back online .
When the Exchange servers were finally restored , the following email finally made its way to everyone ’s inbox :
As for the employee who sent it , he decided to take an early retirement .
related : When Ph.d.s get frustrated
2. Green Catastrophe :
If you stare at the black + in the center , the moving dot turns to green .
3. Reality Shatter : Now , concentrate on the black + in the center of the picture .
After a short period of time , many if not all of the pink dots will slowly disappear , and you may only see a green dot rotating .
Other secrets remain just that , usually because the politician in question has not been perceived as crossing an obvious line into hypocrisy , or he denies the rumors and no one can substantiate them .
Perhaps no one wants to .
They may not even be true .
“ Most so - called open secrets are things we do n’t really know the truth about , ” said Alan Ehrenhalt , executive editor of Governing magazine .
Regardless , he said : “ It ’s human nature not to pry into dark corners if you do n’t have to .
Most people would rather just let things be . ”
And so it happens that a lot of states have lawmakers widely known for heavy drinking or sleeping with aides , whether or not the supposition is proved .
One state official has long been rumored to be gay , and newspapers have investigated tips on his relationships .
But only bloggers have published details , with little traction .
Rick Wilson , a Republican consultant based in Florida who has worked for Rudolph W. Giuliani , the former New York mayor , and Katherine Harris , the former Florida congresswoman , among others , said that most states have their own expressions for the circumstances under which open secrets stay secret .
In Florida , he said , it ’s the “ Three County Rule ” — no girlfriends within three counties of your home district .
In New York , it ’s the “ Bear Mountain Compact ” — nobody talks about what politicians do with their free time once they ’ve crossed the Bear Mountain Bridge en route to Albany from points south .
“ There ’s a similar phrase in every state I ’ve worked in , ” Mr. Wilson said .
“ In a lot of cases it ’s because the principals involved are powerful , and a lot of the people who know are aides or staff or lobbyists or even reporters who rely on these people for access .
So you end up with this feeling of , ‘ It ’s just business , it ’s not affecting their work . ’
Once it starts affecting their work , then the rules change . ”
Given the power of the Internet , though , the standards could now easily shift with each new salacious rumor reported online .
One of the Internet ’s main assets , its supporters say , is that it is unfiltered — but that allows sewage leaks of sorts , too .
Mr. Jarvis said bloggers constantly had to hone their judgment about when to ignore a rumor , write their own piece on it or — often the best choice , he said — link to another blog ’s report on it .
U - M encourages all students , faculty , and staff to engage in safe and legally compliant sharing of copyrighted materials .
Downloading or sharing copyrighted material ( such as music and videos ) can be illegal if done without the permission of the copyright owner whether you profit from it or not .
About the Law
If you are infringing copyright , even unwittingly , you can be subject to civil damages of between $ 750 and $ 150,000 per work infringed and even criminal fines of up to $ 250,000 and jail time .
You are responsible for any digital copyright violations associated with your computer and network access if you give others permission to use them .
Copyright Compliance at U-M
U - M provides the following information in compliance with the law :
In addition to civil and criminal penalties , illegal downloading or file sharing is a violation of the following U - M policies .
Repeated violations may result in sanctions imposed by the Office of Student Conflict Resolution .
Learn more about copyright compliance and how to report issues and concerns , and your right to use copyrighted material without permission under certain circumstances , from the U - M Library Copyright Office 's Copyright Basics .
Hazards of Using P2P File - Sharing Software
Your files are shared automatically .
Peer - to - Peer ( P2P ) file - sharing software ( such as BitTorrent ) not only receives files , but automatically allows others to access them .
. Peer - to - Peer ( P2P ) file - sharing software ( such as BitTorrent ) not only receives files , but automatically allows others to access them .
Auto start - up .
P2P programs may start up automatically when you turn on your computer , letting others access your files without your knowledge or consent .
You are responsible for the file sharing activities of your computer , even when you are unaware of the activity .
. P2P programs may start up automatically when you turn on your computer , letting others access your files without your knowledge or consent .
You are responsible for the file sharing activities of your computer , even when you are unaware of the activity .
Security risks .
P2P technology may make your computer vulnerable to malicious software or viruses .
Test Yourself and Take Action
“ Master , a friend told me today that I should never use the editor ’s copy - paste functions when programming , ” said the young apprentice .
“ I thought the whole point of programming tools was to make our lives easier , ” he continued .
The Master stroked his long grey beard and pressed the busy button on his phone .
This was going to be one of those long , important discussions .
“ Why do you think copy - pasting is wrong ? ” asked the Master .
“ Because I violate the DRY [ do n’t repeat yourself ] principle ? ” replied the apprentice hesitantly .
1
“ Exactly true , my young friend , ” nodded the Master .
“ But it ’s so much easier to copy - paste code than to grapple with the alternatives , ” continued the apprentice .
The Master turned to his keyboard and typed “ copy paste miner ” in a search box .
His memory was rapidly deteriorating , but luckily he could compensate by applying his formidable search skills on Google ’s planet - wide memory .
He read aloud some key sentences from an article ’s abstract : 2 “ CP - Miner uses data - mining techniques to efficiently identify copy - pasted code in large software suites and detects copy - paste bugs .
Specifically , it takes less than 20 minutes for CP - Miner to identify 190,000 copy - pasted segments in Linux and 150,000 in FreeBSD .
Moreover , CP - Miner has detected many new bugs in popular operating systems , 49 in Linux and 31 in FreeBSD . ”
The Master looked up from his screen , “ Now that you ’ve seen evidence of the extent and dangers of copy - pasting , let me ask you , are you sure you know all the appropriate alternatives ? ”
“ Of course I know them , ” replied the disciple cockily .
“ Let ’s see .
How do you handle two identical code sequences ? ”
“ I wrap the code up in a function or method . ”
“ And if these functions are to execute subtly different code ? ”
“ Then I ’ll factor out the differences through Boolean or enumeration parameters I pass to them .
I ’ll set the code in the function to follow different execution paths , based on these parameters . ”
“ And if the differences concern data embedded in code ? ”
“ That ’s trivial ; I ’ll simply pass those varying elements as parameters . ”
The Master was busily jotting down the apprentice ’s answers and his own ideas in a table ( see table 1 ) .
His continued firing off questions .
Table 1
Abstraction and variation mechanisms
Abstraction Variation Code Function Multi-state parameter ( Boolean / enumeration )
Value parameter
Function parameter ( a function pointer , a functor , or an object implementing an interface )
Type parameter Decision table Multiple table instances Class Object instance , subclass , type parameter Code / Data Domain - specific language An instance of a DSL program Type Type parameter Data Database
“ And if the differences lie in the types the functions use ? ”
“ Then I ’ll employ Java ’s generics or the C++ template mechanism .
Macros also work for this purpose , but they ’re ugly and error - prone . ”
“ And if each version of the code has local data associated with it ? ”
“ Then I ’ll wrap the whole mess up in a class . ”
“ And how else can a class help you avoid copy - pasting ? ”
“ I can abstract similarities in data by expressing them as a new type .
Instead of copy - pasting a group of similar data elements , I can pack them up in a class or structure and then create many instances of it . ”
The Master paused .
These apprentices are getting better every year , he thought .
Yet he always doubted the level of understanding lying beneath the polished replies .
“ Let ’s find out , ” he murmured and continued in a louder voice , “ But surely passing parameters around can get unwieldy when you want to express extensive code variations ? ”
The apprentice had an answer ready .
“ In that case , I can express those variations as different functions and pass one of those functions as a parameter to the code they have in common . ”
“ But does this approach scale when you have many dimensions of variation among even more dimensions of similarity ? ” probed the Master .
The apprentice was now glad of the time he spent last month poring over the Linux kernel source code .
“ It can scale if you ’re disciplined , ” he replied .
“ You organize the various functions together in structures representing the behavior that these functions implement .
For instance , CDs and USB sticks use different layouts and data structures for storing their files .
So , you have one group of functions for manipulating files on a CD and another group for manipulating files on a USB stick . ”
3
The Master nodded appreciatively .
“ Is there a better way to express variations of code ? ” he asked , encouraging his friend to show off his knowledge .
The apprentice raised an eyebrow at the leading question and playfully continued the Master ’s game .
“ I ’m very glad you asked me this .
Indeed , we can abstract commonality and variability by organizing our code and data in a class hierarchy .
Common elements go to the base classes , and classes derived from them contain the elements that vary . ”
He paused .
“ Yet I sometimes indulge in copy - pasting because I feel that abstracting might not be worthwhile .
Master , do you think there are limits to what we should abstract ? ” he asked hesitantly .
The Master smiled and sketched a rough chart ( see figure 1 ) .
“ Indeed my friend , ” he replied , “ abstraction makes your code clearer by replacing concrete complexity with an abstract name , but there are costs .
We can often ignore the time and space performance penalties , but the cost of comprehending any abstraction is real and slowly increases as we add abstractions in our code . ”
He pointed at his chart : “ Look here .
On the left side , the gains from abstraction are so large that they shadow its cost .
However , after a point , the benefits taper off .
Further to the right , you see that the abstraction ’s benefits turn negative : your code becomes less comprehensible and maintainable . ”
Figure 1 . Abstraction and its benefits .
The apprentice nodded his understanding and asked one last question .
“ But how can I determine when I gain by abstracting and when abstraction obfuscates my code ? ”
The Master looked him in his eyes .
“ Dear friend , this is why superb programming requires a lot of experience and expert judgment .
This is what makes programming an art . ”
References
1. A. Hunt and D. Thomas , “ OO in One Sentence : Keep It DRY , Shy , and Tell the Other Guy , ” IEEE Software , vol. 21 , no .
3 , 2004 , pp. 101–103 .
2. Z. Li et al. , “ CP - Miner : Finding Copy - Paste and Related Bugs in Large - Scale Software Code , ” IEEE Trans .
Software Eng , vol. 32 , no.
3 , 2006 , pp. 176–192 .
3. D. Spinellis , “ Another Level of Indirection , ” Beautiful Code , A. Oram and G. Wilson , eds. , O’Reilly , 2007 .
Chapter 17 , pp. 279–291 .
Russia today joined the chorus of concern at the possibility of war in Iran while conflicts continued in Iraq and Afghanistan .
At a news briefing in Moscow , the Russian foreign minister , Sergei Lavrov , said : " We are worried by reports that there is serious consideration being given to military action in Iran .
That is a threat to a region where there are already grave problems in Iraq and Afghanistan . "
His comments , after a meeting with his French counterpart , Bernard Kouchner , followed a stark warning yesterday from the UN 's chief nuclear weapons inspector aimed at the US .
" I would not talk about any use of force , " Mohamed ElBaradei told reporters at the International Atomic Energy Agency headquarters in Vienna .
" There are rules on how to use force , and I would hope that everybody would have gotten the lesson after the Iraq situation , where 700,000 innocent civilians have lost their lives on the suspicion that a country has nuclear weapons . "
Fears of a military conflict with Iran rose a notch after comments on Sunday night by Mr Kouchner , who said : " We have to prepare for the worst ... the worst is war . "
In addition , reports from Washington indicate that administration hawks led by the vice - president , Dick Cheney , are winning the argument for tough action against Tehran .
The US has accused Iran of supplying Shia extremists in Iraq with explosive devices that are taking a deadly toll on American troops .
Another flashpoint is Iran 's refusal to stop uranium enrichment , a process that can lead to the development of a nuclear bomb .
The US is trying to mobilise international support for further sanctions against Iran at the UN security council , but can expect Russian and Chinese opposition .
The US suspects that Iran is determined to develop a nuclear weapon under cover of its civilian nuclear programme , a charge Iran denies .
While it says it is seeking a diplomatic solution , the US has not ruled out the use of force .
France , under its new president , Nicolas Sarkozy , has adopted a much tougher line on Iran , saying that a nuclear - armed Iran poses a dangerous threat to the west .
Mr Sarkozy last month called the Iranian stand - off " the greatest crisis " of current times , saying the world faced " a catastrophic alternative : an Iranian bomb or the bombing of Iran " .
Mr Kouchner told reporters in Moscow that the world should not shy away from sanctions to put pressure on Iran .
" The worst thing to happen would be a war , and in order to avoid it we need to continue talks and be firm enough regarding sanctions , " he said .
" We have to work on precise sanctions that would demonstrate the world community 's serious approach to this problem . "
But Russia is trying to cool down the situation .
In an interview published in the Russian magazine Vremya Novostei , the deputy foreign minister , Alexander Losyukov , said any military intervention in Iran would be a " political error " with catastrophic results .
" We are convinced that there is no military solution to the Iranian problem ... besides , it is quite clear that there is no military solution to the Iraqi problem either , " he said .
Yet as the president outlines his plan , his critics say he is trying to have it both ways .
He is , they say , taking credit for a drawdown that has been envisioned since he first announced the current buildup on Jan. 10 — a withdrawal that had to be carried out unless he was willing to take the politically unpalatable step of extending soldiers ’ tours further .
The White House declined on Wednesday to preview Mr. Bush ’s speech , but one senior administration official , speaking anonymously to avoid upstaging the president , said the reductions would be heavily conditioned on the situation in Iraq and would fall far short of the rapid withdrawal Democrats want .
Under the plan , at least 130,000 American troops would remain in Iraq next July , down from more than 160,000 , decreasing to about the same level as before the buildup began , with any decisions on further withdrawals likely to be postponed until at least next March .
The planned drawdowns between now and July 2008 are expected to be of the 30,000 that many assumed the president would suggest after this week ’s testimony by Gen.
David H. Petraeus , the top military commander in Iraq .
But , the senior official said , Mr. Bush ’s ultimate goal would be a sustainable force of around 10 combat brigades , down from 20 now , at the end of his presidency , though a large number of support troops would also still be required .
“ We want bipartisanship , ” said this official , “ but not to the point where it sacrifices success . ”
Mr. Bush has repeatedly asked Americans to give him another chance in Iraq , and Thursday night will be no different .
“ His main goal at this critical juncture , ” said another senior official , also speaking anonymously , “ is to ask Americans to stop and take a fresh look . ”
Whether they will take that look remains to be seen .
This week ’s Congressional testimony from General Petraeus was supposed to be a defining moment in Washington ’s debate over the war .
Perhaps its my heterosexuality , but an orifice full of goo has never really appealed to me , unless the orifice in question is my mouth and the goo is Marshmallow Fluff squeezed out of a paper funnel .
Consequently , I am both repelled and fascinated by the concept of pouring liquid latex into a vagina and allowing it to harden to form a permanent cast .
And at £ 800 , I 'm not quite sure who would buy an inside - out latex vagina ( resembling , in this form , some sort of translucent pink alien polyp ) .
It 's not like it 's a cast of Mother Theresa 's vagina or anything .
Internal Vagina Casts [ Private Sculpture ] ( via Hugo ! )
The White House is pictured shortly after sunrise in Washington , August 1 , 2007 .
A federal judge on Monday issued a temporary restraining order blocking the White House from destroying back - up copies of deleted e-mails .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - A federal judge on Monday issued a temporary restraining order blocking the White House from destroying back - up copies of deleted e-mails .
The order by U.S. District Judge Henry Kennedy came in a lawsuit by the Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , a private watchdog group , which claims the White House has failed to preserve millions of deleted e-mails it was supposed to keep .
The group , CREW , filed suit against the Executive Office of the President and the National Archives and Records Administration in September .
CREW said it sought a temporary restraining order after the White House refused to give adequate assurances that it would preserve backup copies of the deleted e-mails .
The White House said it would study the court ’s order , but said it has been taking steps to maintain and preserve backup tapes for its e-mail system .
“ We have provided assurances to the plaintiffs and to the court that these steps were being taken .
We will continue preserving the tapes in compliance with the court ’s order , ” White House spokesman Blair Jones said in an e-mail .
The White House has said it was aware that some e-mails may not have been automatically archived , but may be available on backup tapes .
It has given no estimate of the number of messages that might not have been archived .
“ Today ’s order is an important and necessary first step toward restoring and preserving for the public all the records of this administration , not just those self - elected for preservation , ” CREW said in a statement .
CREW and the National Security Archive , an independent research institute at The George Washington University , filed separate lawsuits challenging whether the White House has violated federal and presidential record keeping laws .
The explanation of steps two and three is much quicker : People kept living longer , and they kept saving less .
Increased longevity is a tremendous human achievement but a fiscal challenge — as in any household where people outlive their savings .
Late in 2003 Congress dramatically escalated the fiscal problem by adding prescription - drug coverage to Medicare , with barely any discussion of its long - term cost .
David M.
Walker , the government 's comptroller general at the time , said that the action was part of " the most reckless fiscal year in the history of the Republic , " because that vote and a few other changes added roughly $ 13 trillion to the government 's long - term commitments .
From the archives :
( January 2003 )
It 's a precarious situation : U.S. consumer spending is sustaining the economy — but we need to save more to prepare for the surge in retirements .
Here 's how to boost personal saving without undermining the economic recovery .
By Michael Calabrese and Maya MacGuineas " Spendthrift Nation " ( January 2003 ) It 's a precarious situation : U.S. consumer spending is sustaining the economy — but we need to save more to prepare for the surge in retirements .
Here 's how to boost personal saving without undermining the economic recovery .
By Michael Calabrese and Maya MacGuineas
The evaporation of personal savings was marveled at by all economists but explained by few .
Americans saved about eight percent of their disposable income through the 1950s and 1960s , slightly more in the 1970s and 1980s , slightly less and then a lot less in the 1990s .
At the beginning of this century they were saving , on average , just about nothing .10
The possible reasons for this failure to save — credit - card debt ?
a false sense of wealth thanks to the real - estate bubble ?
11 stagnant real earnings for much of the population ?— mattered less than the results .
The country needed money to run its government , and Americans themselves were n't about to provide it .
This is where the final , secret element of the gun-cocking process came into play : the unspoken deal with China .
The terms of the deal are obvious in retrospect .
Even at the time , economists discussed the arrangement endlessly in their journals .
The oddity was that so few politicians picked up on what they said .
The heart of the matter , as we now know , was this simple equation : each time Congress raised benefits , reduced taxes , or encouraged more borrowing by consumers , it shifted part of the U.S. manufacturing base to China .
Of course this shift had something to do with " unfair " trade , undereducated American workers , dirt - cheap Chinese sweatshops , and all the other things that American politicians chose to yammer about .
But the " jobless recovery " of the early 2000s and the " jobless collapse " at the end of the decade could never have occurred without the strange intersection of American and Chinese ( plus Japanese and Korean ) plans .
The Chinese government was determined to keep the value of its yuan as low as possible , thus making Chinese exports as attractive as possible , so that Chinese factories could expand as quickly as possible , to provide work for the tens of millions of people trooping every year to Shanghai or Guangzhou to enter the labor force .
To this end , Chinese banks sent their extra dollars right back to the U.S.
Treasury , in loans to cover the U.S. budget deficit ; if they had n't , normal market pressures would have driven up the yuan 's value .
12
This , in turn , would have made it harder for China to keep creating jobs and easier for America to retain them .
But Americans would have had to tax themselves to cover the deficit .
From the archives :
( January 2003 )
The growing trade deficit threatens U.S. living standards and makes the country dangerously vulnerable to economic extortion .
The way out is to make foreigners act more like us .
By Sherle R. Schwenninger " America 's ' Suez Moment ' " ( January 2003 ) The growing trade deficit threatens U.S. living standards and makes the country dangerously vulnerable to economic extortion .
The way out is to make foreigners act more like us .
By Sherle R. Schwenninger
This arrangement was called " Bretton Woods Two , " after the regime that kept the world economy afloat for twenty - five years after World War II .
The question economists debated was how long it could last .
One group said it could go on indefinitely , because it gave each country 's government what it really wanted ( for China , booming exports and therefore a less dissatisfied population ; for America , the ability to spend more while saving and taxing less ) .
But by Bush 's second term the warning signals were getting louder .
" This is starting to resemble a pyramid scheme , " the Financial Times warned early in 2005.13
The danger was that the system was fundamentally unstable .
Almost overnight it could go from working well to collapsing .
If any one of the Asian countries piling up dollars ( and most were doing so ) began to suspect that any other was about to unload them , all the countries would have an incentive to sell dollars as fast as possible , before they got stuck with worthless currency .
Economists in the " soft landing " camp said that adjustments would be gradual , and that Chinese self - interest would prevent a panic .
The " hard landing " camp — well , we know all too well what they were concerned about .
2. Pulling the Trigger
The 2008 election , like those in 2000 and 2004 , could have gone either way .
If Fidel Castro had died two years earlier , the second Bay of Pigs tragedy and related " regime change " difficulties might have been dim memories by Election Day .
Or if he had died a year later , the Cuban - American bloc of Florida voters would have been as reliably Republican in 2008 as in the previous fifty years .
Since the red state - blue state divide was otherwise the same as in 2000 and 2004 , if the Republicans had held Florida they would presumably have held the White House as well — despite mounting unease about debt , deficits , job loss , and rising U.S. casualties in Pakistan .
Wang Zhendong promised investors returns of up to 60 % if they put money into the fictitious ant - breeding project , the court heard .
Wang , from Liaoning province , raised 3bn yuan ( $ 390 m ; £ 200 m ) in three years , prosecutors said .
The ants are used in traditional medicines and remedies in parts of China .
Fifteen other staff members were fined and given jail terms of between five and 10 years .
More than 10,000 investors signed 100,000 contracts with the company before the case was investigated in June 2005 , Xinhua news agency reported .
Only 10 m yuan was recovered before the case was brought to court , it said .
One investor committed suicide after realising he had been duped , according to the court .
Wang 's actions also caused huge economic losses for investors and many subsequently suffered from depression , it added .
Income taxes are literal stealing .
Replace with a consumption tax and everyone wins ..
Welcome to Ubersite !
| Rating : - 1.0 on 4 ratings ( 9 reviews ) last by THE HUMAN CENTIFAG 199 days ago
Oh everything 's cruel according to you .
Keeping him chained us in thebackyard is cruel .
Pulling his tail is cruel .
Yelling in his ears iscruel .
Everything is cruel .
So excuse me if I 'm cruel .-- Homer SimpsonBart Gets An Elephant
Site and layout © 2014 Ubersite ® --
All material copyrighted by its respective copyright holder , dumbass
A man says he was unjustly fired after spurning the advances of his boss – who bared her breasts to him repeatedly , tried to touch his genitals and offered to help him quit smoking by substituting “ real ” kisses for cigarettes , according to a blockbuster lawsuit .
“ She ’d leave [ her blouse ] unbuttoned lower than the cleavage area , ” said José Carrion , 46 , who has a common - law wife and two kids .
“ Basically , keeping herself on display . ”
Carrion says that his former supervisor , Rose Medina , kept propositioning him while he worked as a chief technician for Bronx River Nephro - Care , a kidney dialysis unit , from November 2006 through May .
“ Although [ Carrion ] told Ms. Medina that her actions made him feel extremely uncomfortable , Ms. Medina refused to stop , ” says Carrion ’s lawsuit , filed at Bronx Supreme Court .
After Carrion filed a sexual - harassment complaint in April , he says Medina “ became more aggressive in exposing her breasts ” by lowering her neckline .
He says she tried to touch his private parts in January .
Carrion recalls Medina put him in a bear hug , put her hands on his chest , placed the side of her face on his back , and proceeded to slide her hands toward his genitals .
Carrion says he grabbed Medina ’s hands and exclaimed , “ What are you doing ? ” to which the supervisor replied : “ It ’s just that you are so big , ” the papers say .
Opening her arms to pull away , Carrion says he told Medina he was n’t interested in anything but a professional relationship – to which she said , “ Do n’t be silly . ”
And in February , Carrion says Medina told him she ’d give him a “ real ” kiss every time he did not smoke a cigarette .
“ Let ’s use [ my kisses ] as incentive , ” she told him , according to court papers .
Medina , who is not named as a defendant , referred questions to lawyer Cheryl Davis , who could not be reached for comment .
Carrion is seeking an unspecified amount of damages from Nephro - Care , for sex discrimination , which he says caused him to suffer humiliation , embarrassment , lost wages and benefits , as well as other injuries .
A request for comment from Nephro - Care went unanswered .
In May , Carrion says he gave 30 days ’ notice of his resignation but was fired the following day by the medical director , who told him , “ Company policy is that you get terminated for making sexual - harassment complaints , ” according to court papers .
Additional reporting by Douglas Montero
denise.buffa@nypost.com
Despite widespread estimates that as many as 1 million evacuees fled Southern California ’s wildfires , the number of people displaced from their homes at any one time appears to have been substantially lower .
At the height of evacuations Tuesday morning in San Diego County , officials said nearly 350,000 households had received automated emergency phone calls warning them to evacuate .
Using 2000 census data , emergency response officials estimated that they had ordered 513,000 of the county ’s 3.1 million people out of their homes and advised 12,000 more to leave .
Within hours , however , some of those evacuations were lifted .
More San Diego residents were ordered to leave on Wednesday , but by then , unknown numbers of earlier evacuees already were back home .
That pattern is one of several reasons why the widely publicized estimates of evacuation numbers are probably exaggerated .
Another reason is that not everyone obeyed evacuation orders .
Authorities cannot force people from their homes , although they can prevent them from returning once they leave .
For those who leave , there is no central registry , meaning that official counts of evacuees are guesses based on population data .
On Monday , Los Angeles County Sheriff ’s Department patrol cars drove along High Sierra Trail north of Saugus , blaring mandatory evacuation orders .
Within minutes , many residents said they planned to stay .
“ It ’s better now than it was last night , ” said Beth Kray .
The fire , she said , had been “ on the ridge right behind .
We could n’t get a wink of sleep . ”
San Diego ’s sprawling Scripps Ranch development was another place where fire - tested residents weighed their options .
Some neighborhoods emptied out nearly completely , with residents clogging traffic as a few die - hards remained to guard their homes .
On other blocks , as many as half the residents stayed , according to neighbors .
Four years ago , hundreds of homes in the development were lost in the massive Cedar fire .
On one stretch of Loire Avenue , a man whose home burned to the ground in the Cedar fire wasted no time packing up .
A neighbor a few doors down , whose roof caught fire last time , stayed put .
“ In 2003 , we saw our house burning on television , ” said Paul Devincenzo , who stayed overnight at another residence he owns in the city .
He returned to Scripps Ranch on Tuesday afternoon .
“ This time we evacuated with mixed feelings .
You know the danger of staying behind , but you also want to stay and do something to save your house . ”
Dick Curtis , 71 , said he and several neighbors on Crystal Oaks Way in Scripps Ranch decided to stay until the flames came too close for comfort , rather than venture to unknown territory at Qualcomm Stadium .
Curtis , who has a respiratory condition , said the air was better inside his house than it would have been in the parking lot of the stadium or at other locations .
“ We agreed to all leave en masse at the first sign of sirens , ” he said .
“ And for anybody who was asleep , we were going to bang on doors and honk our horns . ”
The sirens , however , were silent .
In addition to the San Diego County evacuations , Orange County ordered 43,000 residents from their homes .
In Los Angeles County , Sheriff Lee Baca said a total of 21,500 residents were told to evacuate .
In San Bernardino , officials ordered 15,000 to leave their homes .
Numerous news organizations , including The Times , had estimated the total number evacuated at more than 800,000 , with many outlets placing the number displaced at 1 million .
Some San Diego officials have made the comparison to the Gulf Coast ’s mass evacuation when Hurricane Katrina struck two years ago , when 1.2 million left Greater New Orleans ahead of the approaching storm , according to a study by Louisiana State University .
“ We ’ve evacuated more people than were evacuated in Katrina , ” San Diego County Sheriff Bill Kolender said Wednesday .
That statement now seems imprecise .
Transportation analysts for the Automobile Club of Southern California said that because evacuation orders were issued over a period of days , it was unlikely that half a million people were moving all at once .
“ If there had been 500,000 people on the road at one time , there would have been headlines everywhere , ” said spokeswoman Carol Thorp .
“ We have to remember that people were hitting the road over several different days and at different times . ”
The evacuation before Katrina was complicated in part because 120,000 New Orleans residents did not have cars in which to leave town .
Many had no place to go to out of town , said Ivor Van Heerden , director of the Hurricane Public Health Center at Louisiana State .
In San Diego County , officials noted , people leaving fire areas had numerous routes available .
Most residents in the largely affluent suburbs have cars , and much of the county remains livable and largely unaffected by fire .
Even if only half of those ordered out of their San Diego County homes had left , however , more than a quarter of a million people would still have been on the move earlier this week .
Where they all landed remains uncertain .
At the peak of evacuations , 27,000 people had checked into public shelters , including Qualcomm Stadium , according to emergency operations officials .
With approximately 10,000 available hotel rooms in the county , evacuees quickly filled them , Others pitched tents in parking lots , slept in their cars or took hotel rooms as far north as Los Angeles .
Many other residents were able to stay with nearby friends or relatives .
Other San Diego County residents left the area .
On Wednesday , as some orders were lifted , the California Department of Transportation received numerous calls from San Diegans who had gone to Las Vegas and Arizona , wondering if the roads were open for a trip back home .
Ed Cartagena , a spokesman for Caltrans in San Diego , moved his own family to Las Vegas when flames approached his Paradise Hills neighborhood .
“ I just took them out of town , ” Cartagena said Wednesday .
“ They ’re in Las Vegas right now . ”
City and county officials are proud of the orderly way in which a population the size of Portland packed up children , pets and possessions to find shelter .
“ People heeded our calls , ” said Bill Harris , spokesman for the city of San Diego .
“ We saw people evacuate when they were told to do so . . . and our rescue personnel were able to get to the fire lines .
They were not impeded by traffic . ”
gil.reza@latimes.com
sharon.bernstein@latimes.com
megan.garvey@latimes.com
Times staff writers Robert J. Lopez , Alex Pham , Garrett Therolf and Richard Winton contributed to this report .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Joseph Stiglitz has never shied away from using his platform as a Nobel Prize winner in Economics to point out policy follies in high places .
In 2002 , after he had left a post as the World Bank ’s chief economist , he published the bestseller Globalization and Its Discontents , in which he took the International Monetary Fund and the Treasury Department to task for their overzealous approach to privatization in Russia and their one - size - fits - all response to the East Asian financial crisis .
Now an economics professor and director of the Initiative for Policy Dialogue at Columbia University , Stiglitz remains an outspoken critic of subsidies and other trade practices that hurt less developed countries .
Last year , Stiglitz received renewed attention for a paper [ PDF ] , co-written with Harvard professor of public finance Linda Bilmes that projected that the total economic costs of the Iraq War would exceed a trillion dollars .
The hundreds of billions Congress has already approved for the war , they argued , tells only half the story .
It does n’t account for , among other things , increases in defense spending , the long - term costs for veterans ’ health care and disabilities , the lost earning potential of the Americans killed and wounded , and increases in the price of oil .
Once considered provocatively high , Stiglitz ’s estimates now appear conservative in light of escalating sectarian violence and the American troop surge in Iraq .
The president ’s latest budget proposal , while calling for deep cuts to Medicare and other domestic programs , dramatically ramps up funding for fighting in Iraq and Afghanistan .
It also adds another $ 44 billion to the Pentagon ’s budget , which has already expanded nearly 50 percent since Bush took office .
On the same day the administration sent its latest budget proposal to Congress , Mother Jones spoke with the iconoclastic economist about myopic Iraq War accounting , the need for a military draft , and the task of putting a price tag on human life .
Mother Jones : Today Bush requested close to a quarter of a trillion dollars for efforts in Iraq and Afghanistan over this year and next .
As high as these numbers are , is the administration still cooking the books ?
Joseph Stiglitz :
It does appear that they are being more honest than before when they were putting everything into supplemental budgets , dribbling it on , so no one ever saw all the costs put together .
But one of the important points that we raise in our paper is that there are costs that are going to be long - standing and deferred , like the costs of the healthcare and disability payments for those who are injured in the war .
These are going to go on for 40 years or more .
MJ : What are the hidden costs we are paying today ?
JS : The numbers being released today underestimate the full cost of the surge and other ongoing activities in Iraq and Afghanistan .
General defense expenditures have increased enormously since the beginning of the Bush administration , with most of that money , in one way or another , related to Iraq and Afghanistan .
MJ : You predicted that the total cost of the Iraq war would top a trillion dollars .
Can you put a number like that into perspective ?
JS : That was last year .
I think it is clear from what has happened since then that a trillion dollars was a vast underestimate .
We are talking at least between one and two trillion dollars now .
To put that into perspective , President Bush went to the American people at the beginning of his second term , saying that we have a major crisis with our Social Security system .
For somewhere between a half and quarter of the cost of the war in Iraq you could have fixed all the problems associated with Social Security for the next 75 years and still have had a lot left over .
Put in another way :
We are now spending something like $ 10 billion a month — $ 120 billion dollars a year — on Iraq .
The amount the entire world gives in foreign aid , on an annual basis , is about half that .
MJ : In 2003 , many within the administration said that the war would pay for itself .
Do you think the administrations ’ low - ball estimates and cost - cutting measures , such as not sending enough troops , were simply penny wise , pound foolish ?
JS : Clearly .
The most dramatic example of this was not providing adequate body armor , which resulted in more people with severe injuries , which we will have to pay for for years to come , without even thinking what the cost is to those individuals .
It is unforgivable what they did , but the deeper question is , why did they do it ?
I think the answer was not so much penny - wise , pound - foolish as it was part of a program intended to deceive the American people .
At the very least it had the intention that the American people would not know or feel the full cost of what they were doing .
[ The administration ] was afraid that if the public saw the costs , they might have an objection .
If you ca n’t have a war for free , they said it would lower the price of oil to make it look like a win -win situation .
MJ : The price at the pump seems to suggest otherwise .
JS : The only beneficiaries of this war have been Halliburton and the defense contractors on one hand and Exxon and the oil companies on the other .
MJ : Speaking of Exxon , it just posted the largest annual profits ever posted by an American company .
Can you explain the economics behind why these companies , particularly Exxon , are making so much money ?
JS : It is very easy to understand .
Remember that this is a company that paid its CEO half a billion dollars on retirement .
It is the same company that has been funding the so - called think tanks to attack the whole idea of global warming .
It is very simple :
They own a lot of oil reserves .
The war interrupted the normal development of oil fields .
The cheapest source of oil is in the Middle East .
At the time we went to war in 2003 , markets foresaw that there would be an expansion in demand but also expected that there would be an increase in supply mainly from the Middle East .
Because of the instability , that supply has not been forthcoming .
Demand increased in a predictable way , supply did n’t , so price goes up .
The price of oil has gone up , and those record prices led to record profits .
MJ : An important part of your study was attaching a dollar amount to injuries and fatalities .
How exactly do economists put a price tag on a human life ?
JS : With a great deal of discomfort .
But you have to do it when making any decision .
There are a couple of procedures [ economists ] use to value life , involving estimates of what an individual would have earned during his lifetime or how much an individual would have been willing to pay in order to reduce the probability of death .
We do n’t differentiate life by life , individual by individual .
We used a standard number that the government uses all the time in its regulatory assessments .
We did not estimate the value of the lives of the 600,000 Iraqi people who have died as a result of the conflict .
MJ : Why not ?
JS : Because it would raise the question of whether you should or should not value an Iraqi life differently from an American life .
That raises fundamental ethical issues , and we did n’t want a debate on those issues to detract from the fundamental issue of what America is paying for the war that it brought .
MJ : Estimates of the total costs seem more troubling when you consider who is being asked to bear the largest burden of this war .
Did that motivate you to write the paper ?
JS : I did n’t think that the American people knew or had been told what this war was costing .
They had been lied to about why we went to war , the benefits , the weapons of mass destruction , and I thought there had been just as much misrepresentation on the cost side .
Part of the strategy is to make sure the American people do n’t face the cost by deferring it through deficit financing .
If we are going to have an effective democracy , people have to know what they are getting into and what it ’s costing .
MJ : I have heard economic arguments , on efficiency grounds , against the draft .
But it sounds like you are in favor of one .
JS : President Bush has persuaded me that we need the draft .
Our political system is n’t able to adequately take into account the costs of war .
War should be a very important decision that one takes with a great deal of care and reluctance because it is matter of life and death .
But unfortunately , what we have seen is that this kind of careful calculus was not undertaken .
I think the absence of draft is part of the reason .
MJ : Are there are dangers if we start to think of what we spent in Iraq as a sunk cost ?
JS : Actually , I think there is enormous benefit to think in that language .
People say that we ca n’t allow those who died to die in vain .
That kind of language does not recognize the importance of sunk costs .
The answer is if we do continue fighting more people will have died in vain — a lesson we should have learned from Vietnam .
MJ : Has anyone criticized your study ?
JS : It is clear that our numbers were conservative .
The numbers of injured people were vastly underestimated .
The criticism that one has heard from the White House has been , “ We do n’t go to war on the basis of calculations . ”
The other criticism , from very conservative people , was that we did n’t include the benefits .
Which is true ; we did n’t .
But I think most people would probably question whether there were any benefits .
If the benefits that were promised were lower oil prices , those were n’t realized .
If the promise was more stability or a march to democracy in the Middle East , those were not delivered .
As difficult as it would be to measure the benefits — and we never claimed that we were going to do that — the benefits that were promised simply were not there .
So much for Kyoto .
The official treaty to curb greenhouse - gas emissions has n't gone into effect yet and already three countries are planning to build nearly 850 new coal - fired plants , which would pump up to five times as much carbon dioxide into the atmosphere as the Kyoto Protocol aims to reduce .
The magnitude of that imbalance is staggering .
Environmentalists have long called the treaty a symbolic rather than practical victory in the fight against global warming .
But even many of them do not appear aware of the coming tidal wave of greenhouse - gas emissions by nations not under Kyoto restrictions .
By 2012 , the plants in three key countries - China , India , and the United States - are expected to emit as much as an extra 2.7 billion tons of carbon dioxide , according to a Monitor analysis of power - plant construction data .
In contrast , Kyoto countries by that year are supposed to have cut their CO2 emissions by some 483 million tons .
The findings suggest that critics of the treaty , including the Bush administration , may be correct when they claim the treaty is hopelessly flawed because it does n't limit emissions from the developing world .
But they also suggest that the world is on the cusp of creating a huge new infrastructure that will pump out enormous amounts of CO2 for the next six decades .
Without strong US leadership , it 's unlikely that technology to cut CO2 emissions will be ready in time for the power - plant construction boom , many say .
" If all those power plants are online by 2012 , then obviously it completely cancels out any gains from Kyoto , " says Gavin Schmidt , a climate modeler with the Goddard Institute for Space Studies , part of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration .
The reason for the dramatic imbalance is coal .
Just a few years ago , economists and environmentalists still pictured a world shifting steadily from " dirty " coal - fired power plants to " cleaner " natural - gas turbines .
But the fast - rising price of natural gas and other factors abruptly changed that picture .
Now the world is facing a tidal wave of new power plants fired by coal , experts say .
" China and India are building coal - fired capacity as fast as they can , " says Christopher Bergesen , who tracks power plant construction for Platts , the energy publishing division of McGraw - Hill .
China is the dominant player .
The country is on track to add 562 coal - fired plants - nearly half the world total of plants expected to come online in the next eight years .
India could add 213such plants ; the US , 72 .
( See chart below . )
Altogether , those three nations are set to add up to 327,000 megawatts by 2012 - three quarters of the new capacity in the global pipeline and roughly equal to the output of today 's US coal - fired generating fleet .
The new coal plants from the three nations would burn about 900 million extra tons of coal each year .
That , in turn , would emit in the neighborhood of 2.5 billion tons of CO2 into the atmosphere , Dr. Schmidt estimates .
" I 'm not hugely optimistic we are going to slow the rate of carbon emission overall any time soon , " says Schmidt of the Goddard institute .
" If this sort of thing continues unchecked , we wo n't be arguing about climate change in 2100 , because the changes will be all too obvious . "
But several uncertainties remain .
First , not all of the plants may be built .
In the US , for example , local opposition may halt construction of some of the 100 coal - fired plants now in various stages of development .
According to Mr. Bergesen 's numbers , 72 plants could be added , the basis for the Monitor 's estimates .
Another uncertainty : Slightly less than half of the new plants Platts forecasts for China and India have an official start date .
If only those plants with start dates are built , then the expected emissions from the three nations would total only 1.2 billion tons of CO2 , still more than double the required reduction from Kyoto .
But that estimate is conservative , experts say , because Chinese and Indian leaders face few political barriers to power - plant construction and big demands for more power .
Efficiency a key
Although US coal - fired plants are far more efficient than those in China or India , all three countries , presumably , would install state - of - the - art technology .
The Monitor 's estimates are based on the assumption that the new plants in all three nations will be 10 percent more efficient than today 's US average - a conservative estimate , experts say .
The third uncertainty involves new technology .
Having rejected Kyoto , President Bush says the US will pursue its own policy of voluntary carbon reductions and conduct research into technologies like " carbon sequestration " - burying CO2 rather than emitting it .
To do that , the US Department of Energy hopes to develop new technologies by 2012 that would economically capture the greenhouse gas before it leaves the power plant .
One approach - called Integrated Gasification Combined Cycle ( IGCC ) technology - aims to siphon off CO2 before it 's sent up the stack .
The largest US power company , American Electric Power in Columbus , Ohio , plans to build at least one commercial IGCC plant by 2010 .
Another coal - burning power company , Cinergy , in Cincinnati , this month said it also would build an IGCC plant .
But funding for a key billion - dollar federal IGCC experimental program called FutureGen is lagging .
And unless the US sets a limit on CO2 emissions that creates a market for carbon - reducing technology , there is little financial incentive to invest in such technology , experts say .
As a result , the technology appears unlikely to be deployed in time to make much difference in the coming surge of power - plant construction .
Without such technology , the impact on climate by the new coal plants would be significant , though not entirely unanticipated .
They would boost CO2 emissions from fossil fuels by about 14 percent by 2012 , Schmidt estimates .
That 's within the 1 to 2 percent annual range for CO2 growth expected in " high - growth " scenarios put forward by climate scientists .
But it does not fall into the " maximum " scenario they use to evaluate the worst - case impact of greenhouse gases .
The power of six
" The point is that a relatively small number of countries holds the fate of the planet in their hands in terms of climate change , " says David Hawkins , director of the Natural Resources Defense Council 's climate center .
" If the five or six countries building all these power plants were to come together to develop a strategy for carbon capture applied to coal , it would be a huge step toward cutting global warming . "
Energy security is one factor driving the shift .
With its 250 - year supply of coal , the US is often called the " Saudi Arabia of coal . "
China , with similarly huge reserves , is even planning to convert coal into synthetic fuel for cars - even though such processes typically produce large amounts of greenhouse gases .
Coal 's low price has been a powerful incentive , too .
Chinese authorities are pushing for cleaner power .
But gas pipelines in China are n't fully utilized because of that fuel 's higher cost , experts say .
And in the US , utility companies are shifting focus from natural gas to coal instead .
" There has been an abrupt about - face , " says Robert McIlvaine , who heads his own Northfield , Ill. , information company that tracks the construction of coal power plants globally .
" Utilities that would not consider a coal - fired plant a year or two ago are now moving forward with coal - fired projects . "
With natural gas prices expected to continue rising , 58 other nations have 340 new coal - fired plants in various stages of development .
They are expected to go online in a decade or so .
Malaysia , Japan , Indonesia , Thailand , and Turkey are all planning significant new coal - fired power additions .
Germany also plans to build eight coal plants with 6,000 megawatts capacity .
But China is the key .
" The Chinese will surpass the coal - fired generating capacity and the CO2 emissions of the US in the next couple of years , " Mr. McIlvaine says .
Hit by blackouts and power restrictions for 18 months , China has been scrambling to relieve that pressure .
Scores of unauthorized power projects about which little is known have sprouted nationwide - along with hundreds of official projects , McIlvaine says .
Because of this , even careful estimates could be low , both he and Bergesen say .
" Environmental optimists were assuming the world was going to switch to gas , but when you 're short of gas you use your own coal , " says Philip Andrews - Speed , a China energy expert at the University of Dundee , in Scotland .
" What you 're seeing with China and the others is the cheapness and security of coal just overwhelming the desire to be clean . "
UPDATE ( 08 - 30 , 12 pm PT ) : Ryan Singel at Wired News Threat Level blog suggested filing a FOIA request around this incident , and I plan to do so with his kind assistance ( Link to his post ) .
Will post what I learn here on BoingBoing .
– – – – – – – – – –
I flew from JFK to LAX today , and something really weird happened when I arrived ( at about 230 PM local time ) .
I walked from the arrival gate towards baggage claim , and when I was about halfway there , all of a sudden about a dozen or more TSA personnel and private security staff appeared , shouting STOP WHERE YOU ARE .
FREEZE .
DO NOT MOVE .
Not just at me , but all of the travelers who happened to be wandering through the hallway at that moment .
Some of the TSA guards then backed up against walls in the hallway , and sort of barked at anyone who tried to move a few feet away from their " spot , " like towards chairs to sit down or whatever .
One TSA guard jogged ahead , back towards the arrival gates ( United , this was Terminal 7 ) .
At first I assumed maybe it was some weird security drill ?
A few of us asked what was going on , and got terse answers , like , " Security review . "
WTF ?
5 minutes passed .
10 , 15 , 20 .
The two teen Japanese tourists about ten feet behind me looked utterly dazed — welcome to America , guys .
I was really jetlagged and cranky , wanted to move a few feet and sit down , but the TSA lady nearest me kind of snapped at me to stop and stay frozen where I was when the order went out .
After 30 minutes , the TSA people said , okay , you may leave now .
And everyone unfroze , and went and got their bags .
No explanation .
I guess I should have pressed for an explanation , or demanded to know why we were being held without our consent and without a provided reason , but I was really tired and just wanted to get the hell out of there and go home .
Perhaps I was wrong to have just walked away .
Has anyone else out there experienced this kind of thing in a US airport ?
Was this some sort of weird TSA fire drill , or was there an actual security incident with a perceived imminent threat ?
The guards were all just sort of standing around scratching their heads , looking bored , I definitely did n't have the sense there was any urgency .
But they held us there , standing , frozen , for 30 minutes .
I felt like we were in an undiscovered Godard movie or something , and some Parisian babe with heavy eyeliner was going to burst in any moment and start reciting poetry .
Totally surreal .
Love to hear anyone else 's first - hand accounts of anything similar in the comments , if you 've experienced it lately .
Old Maps in Google Earth
I was happy to read Google ’s recent announcement that they were including a collection of antique maps as part of the standard Google Earth package .
My only disappointment was that the city of Boston was not included in this first set of maps .
It would have made a good candidate for inclusion since the city has gone through such a dramatic transformation during the past 350 years , with large sections of it having been built on filled - in land .
What I did n’t realize until I started playing with Google Earth a bit more is that any image at all can be included as a layer .
I tried this out with a map of Boston from 1839 that I had scanned in from a period almanac .
With a little bit of work I was able to line up the old street layout fairly well with the current pattern .
1839 Map of Boston rendered in Google Earth
A larger version of this image is available here .
By turning on the “ 3D Building ” mode , the sense of change over time is really striking .
I ’ll have to try this with the famous Bonner map of 1722 which will make the land additions stand out even more .
Google Earth ’s Version 4 ( beta ) is an incredible piece of software .
If you would like to explore this map , the layer can be downloaded using this KML file : boston1839.kml .
Assuming you have Google Earth installed , opening this file should launch the program and zoom in on Boston with the map layered over the city .
Update : I created a layer for the aforementioned Bonner Map .
The writers , Erik Ahlberg of Uppsala University in Sweden and Jennifer A. Clack of the University of Cambridge in England , are often viewed as rivals to Dr. Shubin 's team in the search for intermediate species in the evolution from fish to the first animals to colonize land .
In a statement by the Science Museum of London , where casts of the fossils will be on view , Dr. Clack said the fish " confirms everything we thought and also tells us about the order in which certain changes were made . "
H. Richard Lane , director of paleobiology at the National Science Foundation , said in a statement , " These exciting discoveries are providing fossil ' Rosetta Stones ' for a deeper understanding of this evolutionary milestone Â fish to land - roaming tetrapods . "
The science foundation and the National Geographic Society were among the financial supporters of the research .
Besides Dr. Shubin , the principal discoverers were Edward B. Daeschler of the Academy of Natural Sciences in Philadelphia and Farish A. Jenkins Jr. , a Harvard evolutionary biologist .
Michael J. Novacek , a paleontologist at the American Museum of Natural History in Manhattan , who was not involved in the research , said : " Based on what we already know , we have a very strong reason to think tetrapods evolved from lineages of fishes .
This may be a critical phase in that transition that we have n't had before .
A good fossil cuts through a lot of scientific argument . "
While Dr. Shubin's team played down the fossil 's significance in the raging debate over Darwinian theory , which is opposed mainly by some conservative Christians in the United States , other scientists were not so reticent .
They said this should undercut the creationists ' argument that there is no evidence in the fossil record of one kind of creature becoming another kind .
One creationist Web site ( emporium.turnpike.net/C/cs/evid1.htm ) declares that " there are no transitional forms , " adding : " For example , not a single fossil with part fins part feet has been found .
And this is true between every major plant and animal kind . "
Arlington County ’s top prosecutor , Richard E. Trodden , tells THREAT LEVEL he was pressured by Regal Entertainment Group , the world ’s largest movie exhibitor , to prosecute a 19 - year - old Virginia woman for filming 20 seconds of Transformers .
" What they were saying , ‘ Could you get her to admit that it was n’t right . ’
They wanted to make sure the message gets out , " Trodden said in a telephone interview Wednesday .
" This was kind of trying to address the concerns of the theater people , and the fact that it was not an outrageous crime . "
Trodden , pictured at right , said he spoke with Randy Smith , Regal ’s general counsel .
Messages left for Smith at the company ’s Knoxville , Tennessee headquarters were not immediately returned .
Jhannet Sejas , 19 , pleaded guilty last week in Arlington County General District Court to one misdemeanor count of filming a motion picture in a movie house owned by Regal Cinemas .
The statute , like the 37 others nationwide sponsored by the motion picture industry , deems filmgoers guilty for filming a " portion " or a " portion thereof " of a movie .
" I totally forgot that I was not allowed to do that , " Sejas said Wednesday .
" I did it without thinking clearly .
Her attorney , Sandra Hughes , said she " wished the case had n’t gotten this far as it did . "
" I know that Regal Cinemas has a zero - tolerance policy , " she added .
Sejas , who paid a $ 71 fine and faced a maximum year in jail and $ 2,500 penalty , was arrested at Arlington County Regal Cinema theater last month .
She said her only intention behind her crime , committed with a Canon Powershot camera , was to show her little brother a snippet of the show .
Trodden , the county ’s top prosecutor , conceded Sejas ’ crime was minimal .
" The statute is clear : you ’re not allowed to photograph any part , " Trodden said .
" It was not an egregious case .
That ’s why we came to this moderate disposition . "
Trodden said Sejas , as part of the plea deal , will have the conviction removed from her record in a year if she stays out of trouble .
" What it boils down to , she said ‘ I should n’t have done this . ’
If she keeps her nose clean , this will go away and there will be no record . "
Regal Cinemas , part of the Regal Entertainment Group , says it ’s the world ’s largest motion picture exhibitor .
The group comprises of Regal Cinemas , United Artists Theatres and Edwards Theatres .
The group says it operates 6,386 screens in 539 locations in 40 states and the District of Columbia .
UPDATE : Some enraged readers at BoingBoing suggest people film 20 - second snippets of the movie in question and string them together into a film and send it to Regal .
As Jon M points out , such a move would be a " kick in the pants . "
Threat Level does not encourage piracy , but is amused nevertheless by the suggestion .
Threat level readers have written in to say they will boycott Regal .
See Also :
The row between the United States and Russia over the proposed stationing of bases for a missile defense shield in Eastern Europe was once more addressed at a meeting of NATO defense ministers in the Netherlands but there was little progress in easing tensions .
Russia 's Defense Minister Anatoly Serdyukov told reporters that proposals by the United States aimed at resolving the row had not allayed Moscow 's concerns .
Serdyukov said that Russia had differences with NATO
" All that has been proposed to us does not satisfy us , our position remains the same , " the ITAR - TASS and Interfax news agency quoted Serdyukov as saying .
He added however that Washington was " beginning to better understand our concerns . "
" US missile defence proposals are unacceptable and do not suit Russia , " Serdyukov said .
Serdyukov said Russia 's objections concerned both missile defense and the 1990 Conventional Forces in Europe ( CFE ) treaty , a key arms pact from which Moscow has threatened to withdraw .
" In Russia 's relations with NATO there are several issues on which we have not found common positions .
This above all concerns the CFE treaty and missile defense , " he was quoted by Interfax as saying .
US offer of Russian presence at missile site rejected
Robert Gates had his offer dismissed by the Russians
The comments came after US Defense Secretary Robert Gates on Tuesday outlined proposals to let " a Russian presence " monitor a missile defense radar facility that Washington hopes to build in the Czech Republic .
The radar is part of a proposed missile defense system that would also comprise a small number of interceptor missiles in Poland .
Washington insists that the proposed system is not directed against Russia but against " rogue states , " notably Iran .
But Russia has insisted the US plans threaten its security .
Serdyukov on Thursday added that the Russian threat to withdraw from the CFE treaty " is stimulating NATO countries to take a decision as soon as possible " on a Russian demand for ratification of an updated version of the treaty .
NATO chief warns Russia of withdrawing from CFE
Addressing reporters at the NATO meeting in Noordwijk , NATO Secretary General Jaap de Hoop Scheffer said a Russian withdrawal from the CFE would be " deplorable " .
" I sincerely hope it will not happen .
NATO considers this treaty one of the cornerstones , if not the cornerstone , of European security , " he said .
" The allies and I would deplore very much if the Russian Federation were to decide to suspend or leave the treaty , " he added .
De Hoop Scheffer said Russia and the US were engaged in " constructive talks " and urged all parties involved not to close the door to negotiation .
" Please do n't make irreversible moves , do n't do irreversible steps .
Give this process a chance , " he said .
Scheffer added : " While process has now taken off , I would deplore if the Russian Federation would decide to suspend . "
NATO countries have said they would only ratify a revised version of the CFE treaty once Moscow has lived up to a pledge made in 1999 to pull its troops out of former Soviet republics Georgia and Moldova .
NATO scrapes together fresh troops for Afghanistan
At the same meeting , NATO defense ministers however managed to scrape together fresh troops for Afghanistan despite reluctance on the part of countries such as Germany to deploy peacekeepers to the more volatile parts of the country .
The NATO - led peacekeeping force is looking for reinforcements
The NATO - led International Security Assistance Force ( ISAF ) has faced stiff resistance from Taliban - led insurgents in the south and east of Afghanistan and has called on its allies for help .
Germany has often come under the spotlight for resisting moves , for which it would need parliamentary approval , to redeploy away from the relatively stable north of the country and play a greater combat role .
Officials declined to speak on the record about which countries
had made offers as those pledges must be confirmed at a so - called " force generation conference " in Belgium next month .
But news agency AFP quoted an alliance diplomat saying that nine nations had come forward .
One senior official said that non-NATO nations Albania , Croatia and Georgia were among them , as well as member country Slovakia , the agency said .
The Crookedest Congressman : The Book on Randy ‘ Duke ’ Cunningham
Political scandals are a bit like the weather : there ’s always something brewing .
But of all the congressmen and senators whose careers have fallen apart in recent years , few have done so as spectacularly as Randall “ Duke ” Cunningham , the Republican congressman from California who in 2006 was sentenced to eight years and four months in prison after F.B.I. investigators discovered that he had accepted over $ 2 million in bribes , the largest amount in U.S. Congressional history .
Seth Hettena , an A.P. reporter who covered the scandal , has now written a book about Cunningham , Feasting on the Spoils .
Hettena agreed to answer our questions about the book and the long , gloried history of government corruption .
Q : What was the structure of Cunningham ’s bribery scheme ?
How much , and in what form , did he receive payoffs ?
How did he hide ( or fail to hide ) the money ?
A : Like many criminal enterprises , Cunningham ’s bribery started small and grew over time .
According to federal prosecutors , the bribes date back to the mid-1990s , when a defense contractor named Brent Wilkes paid for Cunningham ’s meals and limousine rides in Washington , lent the congressman a 14 - foot motorboat , and gave him quarterly payments of $ 500 worth of “ maintenance money . ”
In return , Cunningham vowed to “ fight like hell ” for the defense contractor , who made millions of dollars from funds that Cunningham had earmarked for him .
Things kicked into high gear after the attacks of Sept. 11 , when another defense contractor named Mitchell Wade joined the scam and Cunningham ’s lifestyle got a major upgrade .
The congressman dined on lobster served on private jets that flew him to places like the Coeur d’Alene Resort , or to Miami for a yacht - shopping trip .
Cunningham lived in a condo stuffed full of antiques , drove a Rolls Royce , and cruised the Potomac in a $ 140,000 yacht called the “ Duke - Stir , ” for which he paid nothing .
Ironically , the most notorious bribe in the case was also one of the cheapest .
During a stay at a luxury suite on the Big Island of Hawaii , Cunningham accepted prostitutes on two consecutive nights , a gift from Wilkes .
Hiring two women for two hours of sex with the 60 - year - old congressman cost Wilkes $ 600 , according to prosecutors .
By 2003 , Cunningham was demanding bribes to pay for expensive real estate , which not only landed him in the record as the most corrupt congressman ever , but left a paper trail that would lead to his undoing .
His favorite defense contractor bought Cunningham ’s home north of San Diego for $ 700,000 over its market value .
Cunningham used the proceeds to buy a $ 2.55 million mansion in Rancho Santa Fe , one of America ’s wealthiest communities .
Two defense contractors combined to pay off mortgages of $ 1.25 million on the home .
Added up , the bribes reach at least $ 3 million .
Many people are surprised to learn that Cunningham was the most corrupt congressman in history .
We do n’t expect our congressmen to come so cheap , but they do .
That has a lot to do with the difficulty in hiding massive amounts of money .
I suspect it ’s one of the reasons that F.B.I. agents found $ 90,000 of cash in Louisiana Democrat William Jefferson ‘s freezer last year .
Cunningham tried to arrange a money - laundering scheme to hide his mortgage payments that was amateurish .
Congressmen make bad criminals .
Q : Describe the political climate in which Cunningham rose to power .
Was bribery commonplace ?
Was he simply the most extravagant of a large group of congressmen cheating the law ?
A : The Cunningham scandal came in the midst of what will surely go down as one of the most venal and ineffective Congresses in modern history .
The 109th Congress was in session for fewer days than any other in our lifetime , and a dozen or so members have since resigned in disgrace or are now facing federal investigations .
The unusually high number of investigations seems to indicate that corruption was more prevalent in Cunningham ’s time than in recent past .
Cunningham may not have been unique in using the system to enrich himself , but he was exceptionally crude in how he went about it .
Lawmakers have a number of ways they can enrich themselves that do n’t violate the law .
The most traditional route is to leave Congress and lobby your former colleagues .
Those who remain in office could until recently pay their spouses out of campaign funds .
And lawmakers have long used legislation to enhance the value of their own property .
Campaign contributions are a perfectly legal way to buy influence .
“ The distinction between a campaign contribution and a bribe is almost a hairline ’s difference .
You can hardly tell one from the other , ” Sen. Daniel Inouye once said .
Businesses do n’t pony up massive amounts of campaign cash for ideological reasons .
It ’s not easy for prosecutors to prove that a member of Congress is on the take .
A bribery charge requires convincing evidence of a quid pro quo — that is , the congressman agreed to do something in exchange for the money or service he received .
Congress is partially shielded by the “ speech or debate ” clause of the U.S. Constitution , which prevents prosecutors from prying too deeply into legislative business .
The Justice Department finds itself in the sticky position of investigating members who approve the department ’s budget .
And even when an investigation gets underway , lawmakers can tap campaign funds to hire some of Washington ’s best lawyers to defend them .
Q : How were the bribe rates set ?
Were there standard rates in exchange for particular benefits , such as being handed a lucrative government contract ?
Did his prices go up as his power and influence in Congress increased ?
A : During a dinner with one of the defense contractors who was bribing him , Cunningham drew up what prosecutors have taken to calling a “ bribe menu . ”
The congressman pulled out a sheet of his office stationery and wrote out two columns of numbers , indicating how much a certain contract would cost .
One half of the paper represented the amount of money to be paid to Cunningham , which translated into the millions of dollars ’ worth of contracts listed on the other side .
The figures started with $ 140,000 for a yacht , which translated into a $ 16 million contract .
For each additional $ 50,000 in bribes , the congressman would increase the value of the contract by $ 1 million : a $ 190,000 payment would yield a $ 17 million contract , and so on .
Cunningham went even further and incentivized bribery .
Once the bribes reached $ 340,000 , the rates dropped .
The congressman would charge only $ 25,000 for each additional million dollar amount awarded .
A $ 25 million contract could be had for the discounted price of $ 440,000 .
Other bribes were the product of negotiation .
For example , in 2000 , Cunningham tried to sell his yacht , the Kelly C , for $ 550,000 to a defense contractor , who countered with an offer of $ 100,000 , which the congressman accepted .
( The sale was halted when Cunningham ’s staffers learned about it , but the congressman kept the money . )
Three years later , Cunningham once again demanded half a million dollars from the same contractor , who agreed on the condition if the congressman would arrange government contracts for him .
The explosive growth in Cunningham ’s bribery had less to do with his rising power in Congress than his growing immorality .
Although he held powerful seats on the House Intelligence Committee and the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee , his committee positions were unchanged since January 2001 ; the bulk of his bribes occurred after that .
Most of Cunningham ’s bribes involved the purchase of his mansion and the paying of his mortgages in 2003 and 2004 .
Q : How are Cunningham ’s actions similar or different ( beyond the sums of money involved ) to the practices of earmarking and supporting pork projects that go on often and legally in Congress ?
A : Cunningham has become the poster boy for the dangers of earmarking , and with good reason .
An earmark is a line - item tucked into an appropriation bill that circumvents the normal budget approval process .
Earmarks reward special interests and they take government spending out of the hands of professionals .
They also bestow incredible power on members of Congress and staff , and they are ripe for corruption .
According to court documents , Cunningham appropriated at least $ 160 million for the two defense contractors who were bribing him , much of it through earmarks .
When it comes to earmarking , Cunningham was just following the herd .
The year Cunningham joined the Defense Appropriations subcommittee , there were 644 earmarks in the defense spending bill worth $ 4.36 billion .
By the time he resigned , the bill contained 2,847 earmarks worth more than $ 9.4 billion .
The scale of Cunningham ’s earmarks do n’t even touch other egregious examples , the best known of which are the “ bridges to nowhere ” that cost hundreds of millions of dollars and linked remote and lightly populated regions in Alaska .
Equally egregious , members use earmarks to increase the value of their properties and investments .
Former G.O.P. Speaker Dennis Hastert pocketed $ 2 million selling Illinois land near a proposed parkway he championed with a $ 207 million earmark .
For all the energy Congress puts into earmarks , they amount to roughly 2 percent of overall appropriation spending .
What Congress has done is strike a Faustian bargain with the White House : while Congress dithers over its 2 percent , an administration that has aggressively sought to expand executive power quietly took care of the remaining 98 percent .
That ’s an abdication of Congress ’s key power of the purse .
In the wake of the Cunningham scandal , the House passed rules requiring members to disclose which earmarks they sponsored .
Senators would be required to do the same under a bill awaiting President Bush ’s signature .
It remains to be seen whether that will break the earmark fever in Washington .
Q : Tell us about the history of bribery in the legislative branch .
Was it always considered a crime ?
How have standards changed ?
Has the stigma associated with being caught evolved over time ?
A : Bribery was n’t a crime in Congress for many years .
Senator Daniel Webster , the famed orator and future U.S. Secretary of State , solicited hundreds of thousands of dollars in what would today be considered bribes .
In a famous letter to the president of the Bank of the United States , Webster wrote , “ I believe my retainer has not been renewed or refreshed as usual .
If it be wished that my relation to the Bank should be continued it may be well to send me the usual retainers . ”
The gifts of railway stock to members of Congress in the Credit Mobilier scandal were n’t illegal either .
As America grew , so did its corruption .
The construction of railroads and the Civil War opened new pathways for graft .
As financier Jim Fisk figured out , “ You can sell anything to the government at almost any price you ’ve got the guts to ask . ”
Samuel Colt , who popularized the revolver , paid at least $ 60,000 to secure approval of a bill extending the life of his patents .
Stephen A. Douglas , who famously debated Abraham Lincoln before the outbreak of Civil War , enhanced the value of his property in Chicago by securing a federal land grant for a railroad from Chicago to Mobile .
In response to a series of scandals , Congress enacted a series of overlapping statutes aimed at curbing abuses , but prosecutions were few and far between .
The first case of criminal corruption in Congress involved Rep. Robert Smalls , a Republican from South Carolina .
In 1877 , Smalls was arrested and subsequently indicted for accepting a bribe while a state senator .
He was sentenced to five years in prison , but historians say Small , an escaped slave representing the first state to secede from the Union , was a victim of the racial politics of the time .
Only a handful of members of Congress faced criminal charges for using their office for personal gain until the 1970s .
The floodgates opened after Watergate , with more members of Congress prosecuted in the next 10 years than in the previous 100 .
The ABSCAM case of 1980 sent five representatives and one senator to prison for pocketing bribes from an F.B.I. agent posing as a Middle Eastern businessman .
Another corruption case launched the career of a young federal prosecutor named Rudolph Giuliani .
The future mayor of New York subjected Rep. Bertram Podell , a Democrat from New York , to such a withering cross-examination that the congressman halted the trial and changed his plea to guilty .
Q : How does Cunningham ’s case relate to the case in the 1990s of Vladimiro Montesinos , the chief of Peru ’s secret intelligence service , who kept detailed records of all bribes paid to politicians , judges and journalists ?
A : Since bribery is illegal , it is usually kept hidden and therefore difficult to measure .
In the 1990s , Montesinos kept detailed records of his transactions , which were videotaped , and he demanded written receipts and contracts from those whom he paid .
Peruvian politicians were paid between $ 5,000 and $ 20,000 a month , more than their official salary .
Bribes to judges tended to be lower , costing between $ 5,000 and $ 10,000 a month .
Judges also received gifts of cars and jobs for their spouses .
And Montesinos also used blackmail with videotapes from brothels controlled by his secret police .
By contrast , it cost far more to keep newspapers and television stations on the payroll .
One newspaper was paid $ 1.5 million over two years or $ 62,000 a month under an incentive contract that paid $ 3,000 to $ 4,000 for a front - page headline and $ 5,000 for a front page article .
The television station with the largest viewership got $ 1.5 million a month .
Some independent media outlets continued to publish , but Montesinos felt their reach was small and they were n’t read by the masses .
Consequently , they were not worth bribing .
The disparity between the price of bribes paid to politicians and judges compared to those the news media received shows the relative importance of each .
The television stations and newspapers were a greater threat to Montesinos because they were an effective check on power .
They spoke directly to Peruvians and could — and eventually did — foment unrest that toppled the regime .
How does this relate to the Cunningham case ?
Like Peru ’s politicians , Cunningham came cheap , for only a penny or two for every dollar in earmarked defense money he steered to his cronies .
And it was the press who revealed Cunningham ’s real estate deals and set the FBI investigation into motion .
Unlike Peru , however , we had internal checks on power that functioned as they were supposed to .
Federal agents and prosecutors acted swiftly to remove Cunningham from power and an unbiased federal judge had no problem sentencing him to 100 months in prison , the longest sentence for a member of Congress on record .
Q : You depict Cunningham as a war hero of questionable intelligence who , upon gaining power in Congress , was lured into a life of million - dollar homes , yachts , and private jets by defense contractors and other deep - pocketed D.C. insiders .
Is this a common path in democratic politics ?
Is bribery preventable ?
A : Congress is one of the few places , if not the only place , where someone as spectacularly unqualified as Cunningham can within a few years hold sway over billion - dollar defense programs and be privy to the nation ’s secrets .
While his corruption may have been extreme , we still have much to learn from what happened to him .
Cunningham shows how a weak person can be easily used by the system .
It ’s a case of what happens when a person in authority loses all judgment and the ability to say no .
Politicians in Washington are drowning in a sea of money .
So much of it gets thrown around that it loses perspective and meaning .
Consider that health care companies spent $ 226 million in the first half of this year alone to field teams of lobbyists in Washington .
When Cunningham looked around , he saw former staffers - turned - lobbyists who were making much more than he did .
It becomes easy to rationalize behavior in that environment .
The cost of a mansion was just spare change in the defense spending bill .
The temptation is n’t going away .
A bribe is a cheap , fast way to cut through so much red tape .
As government continues to grow and issue more and more regulations , the advantage of having a “ friend ” in Washington will grow as well .
It ’s probably not possible to prevent every instance of bribery , but it would go along way if Congress got serious about the problem .
Q : You note that , during the years when he was collecting bribes , Cunningham steadfastly justified his actions and believed that he was fighting against government corruption .
Is such justification common in instances of bribery ?
Is it a similar crime to theft ?
Why or why not ?
A : The Cunningham case was an example of misappropriation .
Cunningham was appropriating money for make - work projects , such as digitizing every document in the Panama Canal Zone , even the plans for the dog kennels .
Part of the money he appropriated was returned to him in the form of bribes .
It ’s been very difficult for Cunningham to come to terms with his own conduct .
Early on , he did indicate that he would have supported the projects and programs of the guys who bribed him anyway , so what difference did it make if he accepted “ gifts ” from them ?
He also believed that the government contracting officials he was bullying and threatening were just meddling bureaucrats who could be brushed aside .
From prison , he has written letters blaming others for his conduct .
Still , when confronted with the overwhelming evidence amassed by prosecutors , Cunningham did what most members of Congress do when accused of corruption : he admitted wrongdoing , resigned his office and went to prison .
Few go to trial .
One notable exception is Jim Traficant , the Ohio Democrat who represented himself at trial and continues to maintain his innocence from prison where he is serving an eight - year sentence .
Q : In the course of your research , what was the most surprising detail you learned about Cunningham ?
Do you consider him a sympathetic figure ?
A : As a new father myself , I was shocked that Cunningham essentially abandoned his adopted daughter at the same time he was being hailed as a Navy hero .
Cunningham and his first wife had adopted a baby girl , but the marriage fell apart , and his ex-wife had to return the 18 - month - old girl to the San Diego County adoption authorities .
Cunningham had taken pains to carefully write that episode out of the chronicles of his Vietnam War exploits , and it had never been reported before .
Cunningham ’s behavior in Congress was also surprising .
I just could n’t have imagined that members of Congress would get into a brawl , as Democrat Jim Moran and Cunningham did in 1995 after the Republican takeover of Congress .
Cunningham was knocked out of the fight when he busted his hand on Moran ’s fist , but his Republican colleagues rushed to his defense like baseball players in a bench - clearing brawl .
Many readers tell me they come away feeling somewhat sorry for Cunningham , and I think that ’s a reflection of my own sentiments about him .
He was a deeply troubled individual who hid his flaws beneath the mantle of war hero that he wore throughout his life .
His insecurity led him to exaggerate his considerable achievements and bully anyone who challenged him .
When you strip that away , what remains at the end is a fragile , lost and deeply confused human being .
Q : You mention that , while the F.B.I. was investigating Cunningham ’s illegal activities , the House ethics committee never touched the case , since it had been shut down due to a partisan stalemate .
In your view , is a political body able to effectively police its members for bribery ?
A : Some political bodies may be able to police themselves .
The U.S. Congress is not one of them .
The Committee of Standards on Official Conduct has been a partisan tool that Newt Gingrich used to attack Democratic Speaker Jim Wright .
The Democrats were only giving as they got when they used the committee to attack House Majority Tom DeLay .
The ethics committee is just one of many problems plaguing Congress .
Some of the others I ’ve touched on — a loss of decorum , an absence of oversight , an explosion in earmarks — suggest that something is dangerously wrong .
The Democratic takeover has gone some way to address these problems , but I fear that once the institution loses something , it ’s very hard to bring it back .
At a bare minimum , Congress needs to clean house and create an ethics body that has real power to investigate and is immune from the ever - changing winds of politics .
But Congress wo n’t do that until voters demand it .
Nonpartisan groups like Citizens for Ethics and Responsibility , Common Cause , and others have called on Congress to create an independent body to police members .
It ’s an idea whose time has come .
Eric Nakagawa was between jobs last January when he came across a funny picture while surfing the Web : a high - strung cat with an open maw making a garbled request for a cheeseburger .
Mr. Nakagawa could n't really say why he found the picture so funny .
He passed the digital photo to a friend , and on a whim they created the Web site " I Can Has Cheezburger , " borrowing from the caption .
Something about the strange image or syntax struck a chord with readers .
" We started getting hits , " he said in a phone interview from his home ...
With little fanfare , at least so far , the stage is being set for a post - " surge " Iraq strategy that reduces US ambitions for the Iraq project , even while keeping some US forces there for years to come .
No decisions have yet been made , and administration officials insist the current strategy that has pumped an additional 30,000 troops into Iraq still must be given time to work .
But the contours of a new approach floating around Washington suggest a drawing down of the 160,000 US forces there beginning as early as the end of this year .
The thousands that remain would be refocused on training Iraqi security forces and on a long fight against Al Qaeda .
Just how much momentum the new Iraq - strategy snowball has behind it will start to become clearer this week as Congress is to receive an interim report on the performance of the force buildup and as Democrats try to use another funding vote on Iraq to press for faster change .
The new strategy is still in its formative stages in White House discussions , on Pentagon drawing boards , and on congressional desks .
It is a source of division in the White House , although President Bush continues to warn against the dangers of any US withdrawal .
But it is reflective of political realities in both the US and Iraq .
Time is running short for achieving political consensus in the US on Iraq policy before the 2008 campaign kicks off in earnest , political leaders and experts say .
On the other hand , more time is needed to achieve political consensus in Iraq .
That leaves an ironic situation where the political clocks of the two countries are not just running at different speeds , as has been said for months , but in different directions .
" What we 're seeing is preparation for the post - ' surge ' period , particularly as it coincides with a critical political cycle culminating in the 2008 elections , " says Nikolas Gvosdev , a foreign - policy expert and editor of The National Interest , a foreign - affairs magazine .
" The hallmark will be fewer troops , but it will also signal the moving away from the idea of any grandiose transformation of Iraq .
Instead , it becomes , ' We 're there to fight Al Qaeda . ' "
Signs of the growing consensus for a new approach that includes a major reduction in the US footprint in Iraq are visible on several fronts :
• Several prominent Republican senators have recently turned against the White House and are now calling for a change in Iraq strategy .
Last week Sen. Pete Domeneci of New Mexico joined Sen. Richard Lugar of Indiana , a respected US foreign - policy specialist , who a week earlier used a Senate speech to call for a new strategy reducing the US presence in Iraq .
George Voinovich of Ohio followed Senator Lugar , while John Warner of Virginia is known to be pressuring the White House to change course .
• Defense Secretary Robert Gates is pressing for a post - " surge " Iraq strategy that would rest on a foundation of broad political consensus around the idea of impeding Iraq from becoming a haven of Islamic extremism .
Such a strategy would also keep thousands of US troops in Iraq for a long - term battle with Al Qaeda .
• White House officials acknowledge that the administration is already looking beyond the current approach .
Mr. Bush hinted at the priority he is likely to give the fight against Al Qaeda in a July 4 speech where he said the US has no choice but to " win " the Iraq fight " for our own sake , for the security of our citizens . "
Democrats are hoping to use a Senate defense authorization bill to be taken up this week to press for troop withdrawals to begin as early as the fall .
Congress is also to receive by July 15 an interim report on the force buildup , ahead of a full assessment by commanders in Iraq in September .
Significantly , it was Senator Warner who insisted on the July 15 review , upon the passage of funding for the Iraq war in May , saying that waiting for September was " too long . "
Most observers expect efforts to force quick troop withdrawals to fail , as did Democratic efforts to force a timeline for withdrawals earlier this year .
But the Democrats are also armed this time around with fresh evidence that Americans want a new Iraq direction – and that they expect a Democratic Congress to do something about it .
A survey by the Rasmussen Reports polling group , conducted last week , found that 53 percent of Americans fault the Democrats for not doing " enough to change President Bush 's policies on Iraq . "
At the same time , 56 percent said they would like to see most combat troops out of Iraq by early next year .
Many observers expect the efforts before Congress recesses in August to merely " put the writing on the wall " in anticipation of testimony in September from Gen.
David Petraeus , the US commander in Iraq , and Ryan Crocker , the US ambassador in Baghdad .
The two are to give an assessment of the force buildup , but some analysts expect it will be more like a final report card .
" When Petraeus comes in September , he 'll say the tactics of the ' surge ' are the right ones and they would work , but there 's no consensus behind the time and number of people needed to make it work , " says Mr. Gvosdev .
" And that will be particularly true in the absence of any real progress from the Iraqi government . "
What seems to worry some congressional leaders like Lugar and even some administration officials is that sticking too long to a doomed strategy could create the political conditions for a full and precipitous withdrawal from Iraq – something they believe would be disastrous for US interests in the Middle East .
" Basically what you have are the grown - ups in the administration like Gates saying , ' We have to come up with something for the long term , something that achieves broad - based support , because if we do n't , the people who say we have to get out now will prevail , and we do n't want that , ' " says Lawrence Korb , a former Defense Department official now at the Center for American Progress in Washington .
Forging a consensus around a long - term strategy for the global fight against Islamist terrorism would give Gates – not the closest administration insider – a sense of having contributed a significant accomplishment , some Washington insiders say .
But they also suggest he could leave the administration if he concluded the wrong road were being followed for too long .
Lugar said in a television interview earlier this month that as president , Bush would probably be able to stick to the " surge " strategy through the end of his term if he chose to .
But he added that he thought Bush would grasp the political realities and begin charting a new course .
Indeed , on the prosaic political level , the pressures of the 2008 election extend beyond the White House race to congressional contests .
Analysts note that the terms are up in 2008 for some of the Republicans pressuring Bush , including Senator Domeneci and Warner .
" They are beginning to look beyond the president to the horizon after Bush , and they may see that the political cost of sticking with his policy is too high , " says Gvosdev .
But beyond the political considerations , the juxtaposition of the " three worst months of the war for American casualties " with the failure of the Iraqi government to move the country toward reconciliation has already spelled the current strategy 's failure in the eyes of too many Americans , Mr. Korb says .
The impending interim strategy review and funding votes , Korb says , " are simply the beginning of the end . "
By MATTHEW HICKLEY
Last updated at 00:13 10 November 2007
Published : 10 November 2007
When the U.S. Navy deploys a battle fleet on exercises , it takes the security of its aircraft carriers very seriously indeed .
At least a dozen warships provide a physical guard while the technical wizardry of the world 's only military superpower offers an invisible shield to detect and deter any intruders .
That is the theory .
Or , rather , was the theory .
Scroll down for more ...
American military chiefs have been left dumbstruck by an undetected Chinese submarine popping up at the heart of a recent Pacific exercise and close to the vast U.S.S. Kitty Hawk - a 1,000 ft supercarrier with 4,500 personnel on board .
By the time it surfaced the 160ft Song Class diesel - electric attack submarine is understood to have sailed within viable range for launching torpedoes or missiles at the carrier .
According to senior Nato officials the incident caused consternation in the U.S. Navy .
The Americans had no idea China 's fast - growing submarine fleet had reached such a level of sophistication , or that it posed such a threat .
One Nato figure said the effect was " as big a shock as the Russians launching Sputnik " - a reference to the Soviet Union 's first orbiting satellite in 1957 which marked the start of the space age .
The incident , which took place in the ocean between southern Japan and Taiwan , is a major embarrassment for the Pentagon .
Scroll down for more ...
The lone Chinese vessel slipped past at least a dozen other American warships which were supposed to protect the carrier from hostile aircraft or submarines .
And the rest of the costly defensive screen , which usually includes at least two U.S. submarines , was also apparently unable to detect it .
According to the Nato source , the encounter has forced a serious re-think of American and Nato naval strategy as commanders reconsider the level of threat from potentially hostile Chinese submarines .
It also led to tense diplomatic exchanges , with shaken American diplomats demanding to know why the submarine was " shadowing " the U.S. fleet while Beijing pleaded ignorance and dismissed the affair as coincidence .
Analysts believe Beijing was sending a message to America and the West demonstrating its rapidly - growing military capability to threaten foreign powers which try to interfere in its " backyard " .
The People 's Liberation Army Navy 's submarine fleet includes at least two nuclear - missile launching vessels .
Its 13 Song Class submarines are extremely quiet and difficult to detect when running on electric motors .
Commodore Stephen Saunders , editor of Jane 's Fighting Ships , and a former Royal Navy anti-submarine specialist , said the U.S. had paid relatively little attention to this form of warfare since the end of the Cold War .
He said : " It was certainly a wake - up call for the Americans .
" It would tie in with what we see the Chinese trying to do , which appears to be to deter the Americans from interfering or operating in their backyard , particularly in relation to Taiwan . "
In January China carried a successful missile test , shooting down a satellite in orbit for the first time .
Tags
As soon as 21 - year - old Matt Murphy snagged the valuable piece of sports history Tuesday night , his souvenir became taxable income in the eyes of the Internal Revenue Service , according to experts .
" It 's an expensive catch , " said John Barrie , a tax lawyer with Bryan Cave LLP in New York who grew up watching the Giants play at Candlestick Park .
" Once he took possession of the ball and it was his ball , it was income to him based on its value as of yesterday , "
By most estimates , the ball that put Bonds atop the list of all - time home run hitters with 756 would sell in the half - million dollar range on the open market or at auction .
That would instantly put Murphy , a college student from Queens , in the highest tax bracket for individual income , where he would face a tax rate of about 35 percent , or about $ 210,000 on a $ 600,000 ball .
Even if he does not sell the ball , Murphy would still owe the taxes based on a reasonable estimate of its value , according to Barrie .
Capital gains taxes also could be levied in the future as the ball gains value , he said ...
[ A]t least one ball was as much a source of embarrassment for the IRS as revenue .
As Mark McGwire chased the mark for most home runs in a season in 1998 , IRS officials initially said the ball that broke Roger Maris ' long - standing record could be subject to taxes even if it were returned to McGwire .
The statements were ridiculed by politicians and quickly disavowed by the agency 's top brass .
In the wake of the discovery that Comcast is blocking some peer - to - peer traffic ( and even blocking some Lotus Notes e-mails ) , the company is attempting to keep the PR machine well - oiled by giving customer tech support reps some talking points .
And if they deviate from the script and admit that Comcast has been using Sandvine to send forged TCP reset packets , they 're likely to lose their jobs .
Ars has heard from multiple Comcast employees since the story broke , and they 're all telling us the same thing .
They 're supposed to tell customers asking whether Comcast limits access to BitTorrent that the ISP does n't block access to any application , including BitTorrent .
Furthermore , tech support workers are supposed to toe the party line at all times , or they 'll be fired .
" Management informed anyone that discussed this issue with any customer or press associate that it would lead to termination , " an internal tier 2 tech support worker told Ars on the condition of anonymity .
One of the e-mails we saw came from the Manager / IP Support of one of Comcast 's regional call centers .
" If a customer contacts us to inquire about this , please use the following talking points , " reads the e-mail .
" Comcast does not block access to any applications , including BitTorrent , " the e-mail continues .
" We respect our customers ' privacy and we do n't monitor specific customer activities on the Internet or track individual online behavior , such as which web sites they visit .
Therefore , we do not know whether any individual user is visiting BitTorrent or any other site . "
The e-mail continues along that vein , covering the same ground that Comcast spokespeople have used in their dealings with the media .
" We have a responsibility to provide all of our customers with a good experience online and we use the latest technologies to manage our network , " reads the e-mail .
" This is standard practice for ISPs and network operators all over the world . "
Another Comcast employee confirmed to Ars that the ISP does use Sandvine to shape traffic .
" I believe they implemented Sandvine to conserve bandwidth for many reasons , " the employee told Ars on the condition of anonymity .
" Number one , to improve the integrity of the network for Comcast Digital Voice call quality and for more HD channels .
The second reason is to conserve bandwidth from data providers ( Cogent , Level3 , and AT&T ) and basically to save money . "
A number of studies have attempted to quantify the amount of P2P traffic flying across the networks of residential ISPs .
A German traffic management firm thinks P2P traffic accounts for anywhere between 50 and 90 percent of all traffic on the Internet .
Ellacoya , a player in the deep packet inspection arena , thinks the figure is closer to 37 percent .
The numbers may vary , but the consensus is clear : P2P traffic is heavy .
Publicly , all Comcast has admitted to is " delaying " P2P traffic , meaning that the packets are held up for awhile if the ISP believes it is necessary .
But Comcast users ' experiences with Comcast 's traffic shaping is sometimes at odds with what the company is telling them .
The internal e-mails Ars has seen and our conversations with Comcast employees paint a picture of a company that is trying to hide the true extent of its activities .
Or , as one employee told us , " They did it because they think they can get away with it . "
Now that talking points are being distributed , the question around the support center is , " Why else would they go through with all this if they did n't have anything to hide ? "
This building was not so long ago erected in Minsk by a personal order of Belarus president Mr. Lukashenko .
Locals joke : “ Lukashenko had just learned to read and decided to build a library dedicated to this new ability he acquired . ”
He wanted to build an impressive building and therefore made everyone in the country pay for it .
Students had to bring money to school for several months .
Teachers are still having a part of their salary taken out to pay for this building .
Well at least that locals say .
Foreign printed guide books also sometimes are not so serious about this structure : “ Some say it looks like a diamond .
We say it looks like the Death Star .
In either case there ’s no denying that the collosal , new home for the National Library now being constructed on the city outskirts is an example of the Soviet ‘ bigger - is - better ’ school of architecture .
Worse yet , this pet project of Lukashenko’s is partly paid for by money donated ‘ voluntarily ’ ( meaning not voluntarily ) by students and school children .
When completed , it ’ll be big enough to house a whopping 15 million books .
The National Library only has 8 million in its collection , so there should be plenty of space leftover for restaurants , gyms , and for the president to roam the hallways in a black cloak , breathing Vader - like while dramatic music plays in the background . ”
Of course , the most nice view of it is at night when its lightning is on .
It allows to show animated scenes on its uncommon not flat but polyhedron many - sided polyhedral surface .
We have a video down this page too .
And the video !
some photos via flickr
I really do n’t want to get into the usual pissing match that seems to occur whenever someone fails to bow down and worship Steve Jobs ’ every move , but I ca n’t help myself .
Why are n’t we seeing more outrage — okay , even a little bit of outrage — about the news that Apple twisted the arm of some guy ’s ISP because he was uploading the code embedded in his iPod Touch ’s memory .
According to several reports , this guy was in the process of uploading some of the code stored in his broken iPod ’s flash memory , and all of a sudden his Internet provider cuts him off — at the request of Apple .
As far as those who have been writing about it can gather , Apple was able to move so quickly because it has been monitoring IRC groups devoted to hacking the Touch .
When DVD Jon hacks the DVD encoding scheme , or the Blue - Ray encoding scheme , or any of the half - dozen other things he has hacked and released into the wild — something that contravenes copyright rules just as much as what the iPod hacker was doing does — everyone cheers because he is fighting The Man , and information wants to be free , etc. etc .
But when The Man happens to be Steve Jobs , all of a sudden people seem to start singing a different tune .
Meanwhile , in other Apple=hardass news , there ’s this .
Now it seems that we all need to add the term “ bricking ” to our vocabulary .
When you start installing commercial keylogging and monitoring software on your home computers to keep an eye on your own wife , it 's probably a sign that the domestic trust level is n't as high as it might be .
Now , after a divorce , an Ohio man is suing the makers of the software for not alerting him that its use might violate US laws , and he 's facing a lawsuit of his own from one of his wife 's friends .
The whole bizarre incident , which was recently covered by Wired , is now playing itself out in the federal court system .
Jeffrey Havlicek purchased and installed the keylogger from Deep Software ( motto : " You see what they do " ) back in 2005 in order to " monitor the family 's computer usage while he was away , " according to court documents .
Havlicek and his wife then divorced , but he was sued in 2006 by a friend of his wife 's , who claimed that Havlicek used the keylogger to access online e-mail accounts that this friend had created ( and let Havlicek 's wife use ) .
That case is still ongoing in an Ohio federal court , which means that it is costing Havlicek some serious cash .
To get that money back , Havlicek has just filed suit against Deep Software , a Canadian firm .
He complains that Deep Software billed its product as " an ideal spy software package to ensure that you have the control you need over your child or spouse [ 's ] activity when they are online . "
The company did warn that the software could only be installed by an authorized user of the computer in question , but it did not warn that using it could " be illegal or a violation of federal and state statutes . "
The case is about more than money , though .
Havlicek notes that he needs to cover his court costs , but also that he " could be subject to a substantial civil judgment that could effect [ sic ] his career in the United States Air Force . "
Which is odd , since the government seems to be a huge fan of warrantless wiretapping .
Perhaps he was led to use the software by an article on Deep Software 's site titled , " Should I spy ? "
The piece , written by a marital therapist , points out that " spying may help you feel connected to your partner who seems to be steadily moving away from you . "
And it reassures those who think about spying , asking , " Are you a morally corrupt duplicitous character hell bent on destroying the integrity of a relationship through spying ?
No , of course not . "
Well , okay then .
Havlicek wants at least $ 10,000 from Deep Software , plus attorneys ' fees .
It 's the London you 've always imagined .
Black taxis and red double - decker buses jostle in thick traffic .
Luxury cars purr at the lights .
Motorbikes dart through the gaps while coaches and minibuses scramble for scarce parking slots .
All in all , it 's hostile terrain for the lowly pedestrian , who is encouraged to avoid the street - level chaos on Exhibition Road by using a dingy underground walkway instead .
But all this could change under plans to bring a Dutch - inspired traffic revolution to London 's Museumland neighborhood .
Annoyed at how their upscale neighborhood has been ruined by incessant traffic , local authorities are planning to unveil a radical solution Monday : remove the conventional insignia of the road - traffic lights , white lines , guardrails , sidewalks - and create a single " shared space " for everyone , motorized or not .
At first glance , the idea seems a little reckless .
After all , it is only the presence of the crossing signals on Exhibition Road that seems to keep the bewildered , stray tourists from a nasty accident .
And governments the world over have long since concluded that the safest way to avoid catastrophe on the roads is to segregate vehicles from pedestrians .
But the experience from Europe would suggest otherwise .
The Netherlands in particular , has pioneered a completely new approach to traffic and public space .
And it 's a method that is slowly starting to catch on elsewhere , in Denmark , Scandinavia , and now in Britain , which has already experimented over the past two years with various ways to come to grips with traffic jams .
London , for instance , began in 2003 to charge motorists to enter the city center .
And last year a new toll road was opened near Manchester .
Uncertainty breeds caution
The idea of " shared space " is to denude a street of most of its conventional markings and features and create a different urban landscape in which motorists and pedestrians are put on an equal footing , so to speak .
Drivers start to behave in a very different way amid the new uncertainty , moving slowly , making eye contact with pedestrians , and becoming aware of much more than whether the lights have gone red .
Or so the theory goes .
Evidence from Dutch towns is impressive .
Safety records have improved , local officials report , and accidents , when they do happen are far less serious , because of the slow speeds .
Yet overall cross - town speeds are no slower than before , because intersections are far more fluid and snarl - ups are rare .
" We have fewer accidents and the accident which do happen are less severe , " says Koop Kerkstra , a senior official in the northern Dutch town of Drachten .
" We see a better flowing of traffic than when everything was regulated .
With the new infrastructure , they can flow through Drachten in much less time . "
Drachten is one of a half dozen northern Dutch towns experimenting with the new deregulated traffic system .
But Mr. Kerkstra says it 's not just about safety .
" What we find important is that we want to design the public space more as a meeting place where social activity is important , " he says .
Meet me in the ' homezone '
Several British cities and towns , from Ipswich in the east to Bath and Bristol in the west and Manchester in the north , are catching on , setting up pilot projects of their own , from small - scale " homezones " to more holistic " shared space " redesigns that encompass several blocks of town centers .
" People want their space back , " says Daniel Moylan , deputy leader of the Royal Borough of Kensington and Chelsea council , the local government authority .
" It really is now questionable as to whether the traditional approach to traffic is promoting road safety or not .
People are genuinely sick of [ cluttered ] streets full of guardrails . "
Early evidence from homezones highlights mixed success , however .
Many made - over zones are little more than the old road with speed bumps and a sign indicating " Pedestrian priority . "
There are plenty of drivers who will ignore both , as this correspondent discovered ( almost ruinously ) during a recent foray into a particularly hazardous homezone .
" The trouble with most homezones is that they are halfheartedly reconfigured , " says Ben Hamilton - Baillie , a specialist in urban design and movement who has been involved in a number of shared space projects in Britain and continental Europe .
" Signs have very little influence on human behavior ; we pick up signals about behavior from the environment in much more complex ways . "
The campsite model
Thus , he says , a driver will happily ignore a sign telling him to drive at 20 miles per hour , but will rapidly assimilate signals from a changed environment .
If he drives onto a campsite for example or into a parking garage , he will kill his speed , start looking out for pedestrians and behave in a totally different fashion .
This is the essence of what " shared space " is all about .
" Any driver who drives on a campsite will know how to behave , " says Hamilton - Baillie .
" You 'll find cars and all sorts of activities mixing perfectly easily .
There is no legislative framework , no signs to tell drivers how to behave .
It 's perfectly obvious .
If someone does misbehave , then people feel empowered to tell him how to behave . "
Six months into the COVID - 19 pandemic , a new set of practices has begun to take shape in how psychological scientists teach and conduct research .
A global survey of the field reveals the scope of the impact , along with strategies being used to overcome the considerable challenges associated with moving research and learning from in - person laboratory settings and classrooms to online platforms .
More
If it seems like you are listening to music more but enjoying it less , some people in the recording industry say they know why .
They blame that iPod that you can't live without , along with all the compressed MP3 music files you 've loaded on it .
Those who work behind - the -mic in the music industry -- producers , engineers , mixers and the like -- say they increasingly assume their recordings will be heard as MP3s on an iPod music player .
That combination is thus becoming the " reference platform " used as a test of how a track should ...
Transcendental Sound Experience inner peace and deep relaxation by immersing yourself in transcendental sound .
Explore a collection of beautiful kirtan videos here .
Spirit is the attractive element :
" We may think we are attracted to the beautiful body of a woman , but actually it is the spark of life which attracts us .
When Marilyn Monroe " died " , when the life force left the material body , the body was no longer attractive .
All that was left was a lump of unattractive matter that was thrown in the dirt .
So is it logical to think that material energy is all - attractive ?
No .
Life force or spirit is the attractive element . "
Learn more about the difference between matter and life and the quest for self realization in the Self Discovery series .
Jagad Guru Chris Butler - Science of Identity Foundation
Disposable Planet :
" Most people are not concerned about the problems we are creating on earth .
Our whole attitude towards this planet is that it is disposable .
Everyone thinks that they can take anything they want , exploit it , and then conveniently throw it away .
So many things have become disposable , not only diapers , towels , plates and spoons , but babies , wives , husbands and old people too . "
Jagad Guru Chris Butler - Science of Identity Foundation
Change :
" History has shown us that our tendency to colonize and exploit other regions has always backfired .
This planet can be made a happier , more peaceful place to live in , but the change will have to come from within the hearts of all of us living here . "
Timeless Insights by Jagad Guru Siddhaswarupananda
Religious Fanatics :
" There 's a saying : " Misery likes company . "
So - called religious fanatics are so miserable that they want to create as much havoc in society as possible .
They want others to join them in their misery . "
Srila Siddhaswarupananda Paramahamsa - Science of Identity Foundation Listen to Jagad Guru sing " Dear Fanatic "
Srila Siddhaswarupananda Paramahamsa Videos :
Watch lectures by Jagad Guru HERE .
Exclusive Image Gallery of Jagad Guru Siddhaswarupananda Paramahamsa ( Chris Butler )
On her return from an eight year self imposed exile , former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto was welcomed to Karachi with a procession of thousands of her supporters , and two successful suicide bombers .
The attack resulted in 136 dead , hundreds more injured and a public that was left in utter shock , obviously due to the nature and scale of the attack .
The initial responses from all Pakistani politicians was the same until the following morning , when the blame for the attack ricocheted in every direction hitting everyone from Musharaf , to the intelligence agencies , to the MQM leader Altaf Hussain , and then finally hitting Al Qaeda and the Taliban ( according to Benazir ) .
Needless to say , the public have their own opinion about who is ultimately responsible .
The Pakistani blogosphere naturally reacted instantly to this horrific terrorist attack .
All Things Pakistan presented an appropriate reaction to the event ;
The Pakistani Spectator concludes that the attack will generate further support for the PPP ; and Ali Eteraz describes the scene of the crime and the resulting reaction to the attack .
Tears of the moon , writes an angered response on the political scene in Pakistan ,
First of , we all know we are blessed with the most conscientious of leaders …
Leaders ?
Let me rephrase that …
We have been blessed with politicians deigned to rule us with all their gracious , sloth like selves encased in gilded cages and bullet proof enclosures .
They are for the ‘ awam ’ while they stand behind hordes of people from the awam to keep them safe from the awam .
Oxymoron , is it ?
But just the term , moron should suffice here !
An interesting point brought up by Dr. Shahid Masood ( a political commentator on the ARY channel ) was that he was personally informed by Benazir Bhutto that she had sent a letter to Pervez Musharaf , prior to her traveling to Pakistan , listing out the names of three ( political ) personalities who should be investigated as possible suspects , in case she was killed in an attack upon her arrival to Pakistan .
She naturally kept the names confidential .
( Just thought I 'd throw this in there to stir the pot a bit )
Zindagi holds the mayor Karachi responsible for the lapse of security , while the Glasshouse who held an optimistic view of Benazir 's arrival back to Pakistan wrote an addendum to his post ( following the attack ) highlighting some interesting initial responses to the event .
Senior PPP party members were quick to blame the regime 's secret agencies for carrying out these blasts .
A successful return for Benazir Bhutto does threaten the Musharraf regime , so these accusations do have a logical basis , particularly when these agencies are known for carrying out such incidents .
Desicritcs presented some intriguing facts about who could be responsible for the attack , as does the Counterterrorism blog .
And finally , Beyond the Punchline lays partial blame of the high body count on Benazir herself .
Just to let you all know , I am also returning to Karachi after an 8 month self - exile ( work related ) , sometime in the first week of November .
Do n't worry , I do n't have a welcome procession planned for my arrival .
According to the the New York Times and National Geographic , there is an alarming report on the rate of extinction of languages ,
“ Every 14 days a language dies .
By 2100 , more than half of the more than 7,000 languages spoken on Earth — many of them never yet recorded — will likely disappear , taking with them a wealth of knowledge about history , culture , the natural environment , and how the human brain works . ”
The news is all base off of research conducted by the National Geographic Society and the Living Tongues Institute for Endangered Languages .
David Harrison and David Anderson lead the project .
What they found are five hotspots where languages are vanishing faster than other regions .
Northern Australia
Central South America
North America ’s upper Pacific coastal zone
Eastern Siberia
Oklahoma and the southwestern United States
The map to below better documents the hotspots and you can explore the interactive map by clicking it to goto languagehotspots.org .
Here are some interesting facts :
In the last 500 years , an estimated half of the world ’s languages , from Etruscan to Tasmanian , have become extinct .
More than 500 languages may be spoken by fewer than ten people .
Of the 50 native languages remaining in California , none is taught to schoolchildren today .
Also there is an interesting video clip of Anderson and Harrison ’s work , where they find the only known speaker of a language long thought to be extinct .
The video will air in its entirity on PBS ’ “ Wild Chronicles . ”
For linguistic anthropology , the study of human languages throughout time and place , this news is devastating .
The quote above , the one which talks about the wealth of knowledge on human history and culture locked away in the languages around the world barely captures the severity of this situation .
As the world becomes more globalized , and more cultures become assimilated and this seems like an inevitable consequence .
Arsole
Yes , believe it or not , there is actually a molecule called Arsole ... and it's a ring !
It is the arsenic equivalent of pyrrole , and although it is rarely found in its pure form , it is occasionally seen as a sidegroup in the form of organic arsolyls .
For more information , see the paper with probably the best title of any scientific paper I 've ever come across : " Studies on the Chemistry of the Arsoles " , G. Markl and H. Hauptmann , J. Organomet .
Chem. , 248 ( 1983 ) 269 .
Although the class of molecules with this general structure are called ' arsoles ' , the specific molecule shown on the right is actually called ' arsenole ' ( not to be confused with the London football club , Arsenal ) .
Contrary to popular belief , new research ( see reference below ) shows that arsoles are only moderately aromatic ...
Incidentally US patent number US 3 412 119 by the Dow Chemical Company is entitled ' Substituted Stannoles , Phospholes , Arsoles , and Stiboles ' - I did n't know there was a substitute for an arsole ...
Furthermore , if six of them are bonded together we can apply the prefix ' sexi ' , to get ' sexiarsole ' .
And the structure where arsole is fused to a benzene ring is called ' benzarsole ' ; 6 of these bonded together would be called ' sexibenzarsole ' ( although neither of those sexi- molecules have been synthesised yet ) .
Another well known poisonous arsenic molecule is the simple hydride , called ' arsine ' , with formula AsH 3 .
And on a related theme , I 've been told of an Aryl Selenide compound with the superb shorthand of ArSe , which is both toxic and smelly .
The paper it comes from in J. Am. Chem .
Soc. was published by authors from , of course , the University of Aarhus !
I 've been told that it 's possible to make molecules with Se - Se bonds , so if ArSe is bonded to a selenium halide ( with X representing Br , Cl , etc ) , then it 's possible to make ArSe - SeX .
I 'll leave this as a challenge to synthetic chemists to first try to make this compound , and then to try to get its name in the title of a paper !
Also , the related molecule phosphole ( which just replaces As with P ) is quite amusing if you are a French speaker , since it 's pronounced the same as ' fausse folle ' .
Fausse means ' fake ' or ' false ' , and folle means both a ' crazy woman ' and a ' drag - queen ' or ' ladyboy ' .
Thanks to Neil Brookes , Nicholas Welham , Andy Shipway , Lloyd Evans , Peter Sims , John Perkins , Bob Buntrock and Ben Mills for some of the info and details about these molecules .
This article inspired Mikael Johansson from Helsinki University to do a scientific study into the aromaticity of arsoles , which has been published : Letts.
Org. Chem. 2 ( 2005 ) 469 .
Another intriguing reference supplied by Patrick Wallace is : G. Märkl and H. Hauptmann , " Unusual Substitution in an Arsole Ring " , Angew .
Chem . Int. Ed. . 11 , ( 1972 ) 441 , and another one supplied by Simon Cotton is : " Arsole metal complexes " , E.W. Abel , I.W. Nowell , A.G.J. Modinos , C. Towers , J. Chem . Soc. , Chem. Commun. , ( 1973 ) ( 7 ) , 258-259 .
Thanks also to Thomas Jeanmaire and Alan Parker for the info and translation about phosphole .
VIEW
Need proof ?
Try 40 years of failed forecasts .
Ed Cornish , founder of the World Future Society and its president since 1966 , leans back from his computer - a DOS machine that does n't do email , the Net , or Windows .
Clifton Coles , assistant editor of the society 's flagship magazine , The Futurist , pokes his head into his boss 's office : " A Seattle radio station called , wants to know if you have some predictions for next year . "
Cornish , 76 , strokes his nipples in a circular motion , stares off for a second , and says , " I ca n't think of anything in particular . "
When the president of the World Future Society is baffled by a simple request for a prediction - any prediction - it's a sure sign that the field as a whole is in trouble .
It 's not the only sign .
No major newspaper covered this year 's WFS conference ; that was left to The Manila Times and the Cincinnati Business Courier .
The society 's membership rolls are down 20 percent compared with 10 years ago .
And a WFS member has n't been invited to the White House since the Reagan administration .
The list goes on .
Long gone are the days when Isaac Asimov , Buckminster Fuller , and Arthur C. Clarke made headlines with their prophesies .
Today , we have Joéo Pedro de Magalhées , who says that if we eliminate age - related diseases , we can expect an unlimited lifespan ( a tautology ) .
We have H. Paul Shuch , who says that earthlings should abandon planetary paranoia and transmit warm greetings to other young civilizations in space .
We have Susan Clayton , who predicts that in the next decade or two , we 'll be able to talk to animals - in their language .
Futurism is doomed and not just because fools are endemic to the field .
It 's doomed because the loosely informed , jack - of - all - trades , trend - watching pontificator ( read : professional futurist ) is obsolete .
For starters , we now have a plethora of niche consultants and a booming field called risk analysis , which uses proven actuarial methods .
" Everybody 's more specialized , so there is n't a market for someone who can speak about very large , holistic matters with any authority , " says Mike Marien , a recovering futurist and an outspoken critic of the field .
Further , we 've wised up to the fact that futurism as a discipline is something of a con : Futurists do n't have a crystal ball .
They examine trends and play out what - if scenarios .
Any hausfrau with gumption and a dialup connection can do it .
" Does intelligent thinking add up to a futurist field ?
I do n't think so , " Marien says .
Finally , futurism is obsolete because it now has a past : Forty years of failed predictions should be enough empirical evidence to turn even the true believer into a skeptic .
A recent example : Watts Wacker , a well - known and well - paid futurist consultant , predicted in late 1999 that the US Postal Service would offer customers free email accounts within two years .
He said USPS had the ideas and the will to make it happen , that " they 've done their homework . "
Four years later , where 's our email ?
" This is the first I 've heard of the idea , " says Gerry McKiernan , manager of media relations at USPS .
" If we do n't sell stamps , we can't pay our employees . "
As it turns out , Wacker did n't do his homework .
Of course , if you make enough predictions , you 're bound to get something right - especially when the predictions are n't much of a stretch .
For instance , a few futurists ( including Wacker , in 1997 ) predicted that terrorists might someday hijack a plane and crash it into a building .
But is that really prescient ?
By 1996 , Tom Clancy had written two novels based on the premise .
Futurists are the first to say that futurism is n't about telling the future ; it 's about examining trends and fleshing out scenarios .
Yet they consistently spout predictions , somehow confident in their authority as futurists .
The logic here is circular : Futurists insist that their scenarios , as exercises in creative thought , should be exempt from success - measuring metrics .
But should one of those shots in the dark hit its target , they credit their " scientific " methodology .
" When futurists predict something , years down the road no one remembers if they 're proven wrong , " says Eric Garland , professional futurist and president of the Washington , DC , chapter of the WFS .
" If they 're lucky enough to be right , they get to brag about it . "
It 's not just that the futurist has no clothes , it 's that the futurist has no shame .
VIEW
Futurism Is Dead
Why do video - games based on movies suck ?
I 'm a Maverick , Not a Mogul !
Linux : The Next Generation
Fiber to the People
Illustration by Marco Ventura
­ When Hurricane Andrew slammed into the Florida coast in August 1992 , its 165 mph winds carved a swath of destruction across southern Dade County , littering the landscape with splintered trees , overturned cars , and debris from flattened businesses and homes .
This Category 5 hurricane quick­ly overwhelmed local relief efforts .
As with most severe natural disasters , it prompted pleas from community leaders for federal assistance .
But there were limits to what the federal authorities could do .
After three days , Dade County Emergency Management Director Kate Hale lashed out on national television .
“ Where in the hell is the cavalry on this one ? ” she demanded .
“ They keep saying we ’re going to get supplies .
For God ’s sake , where are they ?
If there was a cavalry to call , like the horseback rescue squad in the archetypal Western movie , then it either never arrived or arrived too late to do much good .
Ultimately , Andrew destroyed 126,000 homes , left 250,000 people homeless , wiped out 80 percent of the area ’s farms , and was responsible for at least 40 deaths .
The hurricane also caused more than US $ 26 billion in damage , including $ 16 billion in insured losses — too much for insurance companies to cover .
According to one report , 11 insurance companies went bankrupt trying to cover more than 600,000 claims .
“ Florida learned a hard lesson about response and recovery after Andrew , ” said Jeb Bush , who was the state ’s governor from 1999 to 2007 , in testimony before the U.S. House Committee on Homeland Security on October 19 , 2005 .
“ That catastrophic storm was a wake - up call for all Floridians . ”
Specifically , it was now clear to Florida ’s leaders that no government agency could manage this type of large - scale catastrophe on its own .
Each of the various local , state , and federal agencies tasked with emergency management had only part of the resources or knowledge needed to address a wide - ranging disaster — a disaster that might affect businesses , transportation nodes , util­ity infrastructures , water and food supplies , law enforcement , hospitals and medical services , communications networks , and other crucial services .
So Florida moved to a new approach , deliberately involving a variety of organizations — public sector , corporations , nongovernmental ( NGOs ) , and faith - based — in its emergency planning and activities .
This meant changing both the planning process and the relationships among these various groups .
State officials took a hard look at construction practices and regulations , enforcing current codes and drafting new legislation and regulations to ensure that buildings could withstand strong winds .
( A report by the Institute for Business and Home Safety said the new codes , had they been in place in 1992 , would have reduced Andrew ’s damage by $ 10 billion , or more than one - third of the total . )
To address the insurance problems exposed by Hurricane Andrew , Florida created the Florida Residential Property and Casualty Joint Underwriting Association and the Florida Windstorm Underwriting Association — insurance pools for homeowners who live in hurricane - prone areas .
( In 2002 , these associations were combined into the Citizens Property Insurance Corporation . )
The state also created the Florida Hurricane Catastrophe Fund to provide reinsurance to help the insurance industry cover its policies following any particularly costly disaster .
Finally , the state helped sponsor the Volunteer Florida Foundation , a community - based program that serves as a focal point for private , charitable , and individual donations and volunteer activities related to disaster recovery .
The success of this approach soon became obvious .
During the severe 2004 and 2005 hurricane seasons , a series of high - powered hurricanes and tropical storms ( Hurricanes Charley , Frances , Ivan , Jeanne , Dennis , Katrina , Rita , and Wilma , and Tropical Storms Bonnie , Ophelia , and Tammy ) struck Florida .
The state ’s government , business , and civil organizations quickly mobilized , working together — as they had planned and trained to do — to provide aid for relief and recovery .
At the same time , the strengthened building codes limited the damage to businesses and homes .
Following the 2004 hurricane season , insurance companies re­ceived more than $ 3.6 billion from the catastrophe fund , cushioning the impact of claims they paid for storm damages .
( In subsequent years , responding in part to Florida ’s increasing property insurance rates , the state further expanded the fund ’s role . )
Florida still requested federal assistance during these crises , reinforcing the federal government ’s critical role in assisting during response and recovery .
But the federal government was just one of many members of an integrated “ megacommunity , ” one in which each player had its own particular role and purpose .
Consequently , when hurricanes threaten Florida today , its residents no longer expect or require the federal “ cavalry ” to gallop in and save the day .
Successes and Failures
Florida ’s experience offers important lessons for anyone responsible for managing the response to an emergency .
Many leaders understand that their success depends on their ability to work with a multitude of government , business , and civil - sector organizations that have shared interests .
( The civil sector includes charities and humanitarian groups , civil associations , religious organizations , academia , and other NGOs . )
This need for multisector involvement is especially great today , because many disaster scenarios — such as a volatile hurricane season , a pandemic influenza , a large earthquake , or a ter­rorist strike — hold the potential to produce catastrophic , cascading impacts that tax the social , economic , and political resources of a region .
( See Exhibit 1 . )
The most effective way to manage this is by creating partnerships and alliances across organizations , without compromising each organization ’s imperatives and legal responsibilities .
This type of in - depth , long - term alliance has been dubbed a megacommunity .
( See “ The Megacommunity Manifesto , ” by Mark Gerencser , Fernando Napolitano , and Reginald Van Lee , s+b , Summer 2006 . )
A megacommunity is a public sphere in which organizations — public , private , and civil — join together to address a compelling issue of mutual importance .
Leaders are attracted to megacommunities because they recognize that many modern challenges — such as protecting the environment , stopping the spread of infectious disease , or battling global warming — are so complex and far - reaching in their geographic impact that no single organization or even nation can adequately address them unilaterally .
Many local - scale problems , such as water conservation , traffic congestion , or economic revitalization , also defy remedy by a single government agency or large corporation .
Thus , government agencies , in particular , are beginning to turn to the megacommunity approach — designing , convening , and supporting consortia of shared - interest organizations .
Although organizations within a particular megacommunity may compete in other spheres , they act together in a sustained partnership to address a complex problem that none can solve on its own .
If Florida ’s experience has served to underscore the effectiveness of the megacommunity , then the Gulf Coast ’s 2005 experience with Hurricane Katrina vividly illustrates the devastation and misery that can occur in its absence .
In the aftermath of the floods and evacuation , the Federal Emergency Management Agency ( FEMA ) and various local and state authorities were all blamed for their lack of preparation and dismal response to the unfolding disaster .
FEMA was singled out by some critics as the primary culprit .
But FEMA did not fail , nor did individual state or local agencies .
It was the megacommunity that failed , or — more accurately — failed to exist .
The preparedness stakeholders , though interdependent , were not ready to respond in concert to the disaster .
Because they had not rehearsed or prepared together , they could not act effectively as individual organizations .
Since Katrina , FEMA has set for itself the admirable goal of becoming a world - class emergency management organization .
But the agency can unlock its full potential only by embracing and nurturing the preparedness megacommunity on which it depends .
Some under­reported successes in Katrina point to the possibilities .
For example , Florida played an integral role in supporting southern Mississippi and Louisiana .
Within hours of the storm ’s landfall , Florida began deploying more than 3,700 first responders to the affected areas .
Florida also contributed millions of dollars that were eventu­­­ally reimbursed to the state through the Emergency Management Assistance Compact ( EMAC ) .
Core Elements
The megacommunity is a relatively recent phenomenon .
It is made possible by the increasing complexity , interdependence , and technological sophistication of modern society .
A megacommunity takes advantage of the pervasive information technologies ( such as shared servers , satellite phones , and geographic information systems ) that enable people and organizations to communicate easily across national and organizational boundaries , sharing information and collaborating in ways not possible just 10 or 15 years ago .
In Booz Allen Hamilton ’s ongoing study and analysis of megacommunities , it is becoming clear that five core elements are crucial to effective outcomes :
Three - Sector Involvement .
The public , private , and civil sectors must all be involved .
Overlapping Vital Interests .
Members share a compelling reason or need to address an issue of mutual concern and importance .
Alliance .
Members demonstrate their commitment by establishing an organization or organizing framework for working together toward shared goals .
Network Structure .
Cross - boundary , collective participation and problem - solving activities create the social network that underpins true collaboration .
Sustainability and Adaptability .
Over time , the megacommunity becomes institutionalized and capable of evolving with changing conditions .
The first two elements are preconditions necessary for the formation of a megacommunity , whereas the last three are features of any initiative that is deliberately created to sustain a megacommunity .
Typically , an “ initiator ” starts the process of organizing the megacommunity .
In Florida , the state government largely played that role .
But it is important to note that the initiator is not a chief executive who can command megacommunity resources or unilaterally direct its member organizations .
Consequently , the megacommunity is horizontal rather than vertical or hierarchical , acting more as a confed­eration than as a tightly bound organizational unit .
In addition , a megacommunity engages people at all levels among the member organizations .
The cross-organizational design makes the emergent social networks within the community more explicit and dynamic .
Successful leaders within the megacommunity are those who understand how to intervene and influence others through mutual participation , recognizing that no one has unilateral control .
In building a society ’s preparedness for disasters , megacommunities have a particularly valuable role to play .
At one time , a disaster ’s impact rarely extended outside the region where it occurred .
That is not true today .
A power outage in one city can disrupt and hamper businesses throughout the United States .
A winter storm in one locale ( for example , Denver in 2006 ) can delay and disrupt travel on several major airlines and at numerous airports .
Regionally produced or controlled commodities can grow scarce .
Supply chains can be interrupted .
Also , the emergency management community benefits from the scale offered by coordinating regional and national efforts .
Diverse organizations can share information ; track resources and supplies in real time ; establish mobile command centers ; collaborate on preparation , training , relief , and recovery operations ; and avoid working at cross-purposes .
But putting that megacommunity approach into practice is still difficult .
After the attacks of September 11 , 2001 ( 9/11 ) , for example , the U.S. federal government placed an explicit emphasis on interoperability , information sharing , and cross-agency collaboration .
Billions of dollars went into planning activities , training , exercises , and communications systems .
But four years later , officials at FEMA were unprepared for an event of the scale and complexity of Hurricane Katrina .
They had not taken sufficient steps to prevent or minimize the hurricane ’s damage ; they were not prepared to evacuate citizens ; they could not marshal the enormous reservoir of public - and private - sector resources required for timely relief ; and today , they are not demonstrating the national capacity to help the region recover .
One reason is the prevalence of command - and - control management in the U.S. federal government , paradoxically embedded in agencies with shifting , overlapping , and sometimes ambiguous responsibilities .
When FEMA , for example , was created in the late 1970s , its mission focused largely on civil defense and the Soviet nuclear threat .
After the Cold War ended , the agency emphasized disaster relief , recovery , and mitigation programs .
Following 9/11 , FEMA was absorbed into the Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) , an agency charged with identifying and responding to terrorist threats .
Finally , after the tumultuous 2004 and 2005 hurricane seasons , FEMA ’s core mission became “ all hazards . ”
But it was never quite clear how the agency ’s responsibilities would mesh with those of other agencies : the Department of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) for infectious diseases and biological threats , the U.S. Forest Service for fires and floods , and the U.S. military for civil defense .
In that kind of ambiguous structure , the higher the degree of control exercised by any one agency or organization , the greater the potential for inter-organizational conflict .
The megacommunity approach requires that major actors explicitly reexamine the traditional boundaries defining their roles and responsibilities , and that government agencies look beyond themselves to the private sector and civil groups for important resources , leadership , and activities .
For public officials , this means opening up the planning process , making others full partners in decision making , and curbing the desire to unilater­ally prescribe solutions .
An effective megacommunity achieves its goals through collaboration among full partners .
In Florida , Governor Jeb Bush had to surrender some of the state ’s direct control over disaster prep­aration , but the state was ultimately rewarded with shared benefits
Despite its challenge to conventional thinking , the megacommunity approach is gaining ground among emergency management practitioners .
Here are a few examples :
U.S. Northern Command ( NorthCom ) .
A joint Army –Navy–Air Force military organization established in 2002 to support civil authorities during emergencies , NorthCom aims to develop cooperative working relationships with governmental and nongovernmental preparedness organizations .
NorthCom does not share a chain of command with civilian federal , state , and local agencies , and it cannot give orders to private - sector and nongovernmental organizations that participate in disaster relief and recovery .
Yet when it is asked to deliver food , supplies , and other services in response to a disaster , it must work closely with these organizations .
Consequently , NorthCom officials have declared that they are modifying the military ’s traditional command - and - control leadership model — known as C2 — and adopting “ collaboration and communication ” instead .
Health and Human Services .
HHS oversees the National Bioterrorism Hospital Preparedness Program and awards about $ 500 million annually in grant aid to help hospitals and health - care systems prepare for and respond to bioterrorism and other public health emergencies .
Recognizing that hospitals depend on a variety of organizations during a crisis , HHS has developed award criteria that emphasize collaboration .
For example , during a bioterrorist attack , a hospital would have to coordinate with the police , fire departments , and other hospitals .
In addition , hospital officials would work with the media to disseminate public information .
During an extended crisis , the hospital might rely on members of the private sector , such as Wal - Mart or Home Depot , for extra supplies such as water and protective masks .
In awarding grants , HHS rewards hospitals that not only list such partners in their plans but also demonstrate that they are collaborating and training with them to ensure smooth operations when an emergency occurs .
Multistate Coalitions .
Medical centers and hospitals in New Hampshire , Vermont , and Maine have formed the Northern New England Metropolitan Medical Response System as a way to maximize available resources , especially in rural areas , when disaster strikes .
Similarly , Iowa is leading a preparedness coalition with nine other states called the Multi-State Partnership for Security in Agriculture .
Participating are state agriculture secretaries , homeland security advisors , emergency management directors , and state veterinarians .
These and other examples suggest a new governance model in which states collectively address regional issues that transcend state borders .
Private - Sector Partnerships .
Numerous corporations are forming partnerships with relief organizations and becoming involved in pre-disaster planning and preparation .
For example , following the 2004 tsunami in South Asia , Coca - Cola quickly carried out a plan it had already coordinated for using the soft - drink production lines of local subsidiaries to bottle drinking water for the relief effort .
Companies such as British Airways , UPS , FedEx , and DHL worked with established aid agency partners to provide free or subsidized transportation of relief supplies .
Some companies pursue these relationships on their own , but others are creating multicompany partnerships or consortia that can help marshal enormous medical and emergency resources during a crisis .
Guideposts for Collaboration
A megacommunity is more than a public–private partnership or alliance .
It is a carefully designed effort in which all the key actors are invited to collaborate with the understanding that they are comanaging the problem and the development of solutions .
Here are a few guideposts that can help initiating groups — whether they are government agencies , private - sector corporations , or NGOs — begin a responsiveness - oriented megacommunity :
Identify and Empower Stakeholders .
The unpredictability of disaster events requires not just a full panorama of allies , but creative and engaging ways for them to participate from the beginning .
NorthCom , for example , maintains an “ NGO desk ” to mobilize support from the civil sector .
The desk is run by employees of the Humanitarian International Services Group , a non­profit that specializes in identifying , mobilizing , and managing private - sector resources in response to a disaster .
Be an Initiator .
Florida state officials played an essential role by convening the state ’s disaster preparedness megacommunity .
This involved engaging publicly elected officials at the state and local levels , emergency management officials and professionals , first responders , public health professionals , private - sector and civil organization experts , academic leaders , and others .
The key was engaging these players as full partners .
Embrace Interdependence .
During a crisis , effective medical assistance cannot be provided if hospitals lack electric power ; if various police jurisdictions do n’t work together to provide safe , open roads for travel ; or if vehicles are not available to deliver water and medical supplies and to remove medical waste .
Plan , train , and rehearse the methods by which these separate but interrelated organizations will function together if a crisis occurs .
Allow for Ambiguity .
Accept that your organization will have overlapping responsibilities with other organizations .
For example , in the U.S. federal government , HHS , the Department of State , DHS , and NorthCom have all been assigned crucial but sometimes overlapping roles in the fight against pandemic influ­enza .
Rather than ignoring this reality or resisting perceived encroachments on their turf , these organizations — if they want to succeed — will have to communicate , negotiate , and decide together in advance of a disaster how they will manage their common responsibilities .
Reward Collaboration .
Everyone knows collaboration is a must , but organizations and people often need a push in the right direction .
Instead of protecting their turf by punishing cooperative behavior , agency leaders should create incentives that encourage it .
And , of course , example is the best teacher :
How much planning and training are you doing with stakeholders in your preparedness community ?
Strengthen Your Social Networks .
Many officials have learned through sad experience that an emergency is not the time to start exchanging business cards .
The more contacts that preparedness leaders have already developed in the community , the more effective their networks will be in facilitating preparedness .
An important part of megacommunity activities is establishing the trust and rapport ahead of time that will be needed during a crisis .
For many leaders , this new perspective is liberating ; it frees them from the notion that they must control outcomes and events unilaterally when , in fact , complexity makes that virtually impossible .
This approach also provides greater adaptability , allowing the entire community to call on an ever - expanding circle of resources , capabilities , and talents during catastrophic events .
Finally , the megacommunity concept embraces and empowers all actors as full partners with unique strengths to offer , thus capitalizing on the very best ideas , ingenuity , and innovation from across the public , private , and civil sectors — to meet the urgent needs of a global citizenry that arguably faces more frequent and complex disasters than ever before , with less of a clear sense of which cavalry to call .
A Bottom - Up Strategy for Catastrophic Events
by Governor Jeb Bush , Florida , and Deirdre Finn Florida is a natural paradise that is home to more than 17 million people and plays host to millions of visitors from around the world every year .
However , the very characteristics that make our state a great place to live and visit — its tropical climate and geography — also make us vulnerable to extreme and catastrophic natural disasters , from floods and hurricanes to droughts and wildfires .
Because of this , the ability to respond quickly and compassionately to emergencies , such as natural disasters , is essential to our quality of life and our long - term economic vitality .
Floridians and tourists alike need to feel confident that their communities and state are prepared for both response and recovery .
Without that sense of security , visitors will choose other vacation destinations , and businesses will invest in calmer , if colder , climates .
Preparing for a catastrophic event is the key to a rapid , effective re-sponse .
A successful response in the immediate aftermath of a disaster is the linchpin in a sound , long - term recovery .
So although we can’t control the weather , we can manage and mitigate the impact of dangerous weather throughout our state .
As we learned from eight hurricanes during two consecutive hurricane seasons , our response can always get better .
To improve our capabilities , Florida invests time and money in the tools and training that are necessary to achieve the level of readiness that saves lives and minimizes damage from catastrophic events .
For example :
We are one of the few states in the nation to have an interoperable , statewide radio network in place that allows law enforcement officers and emergency responders with different information technology and systems to communicate to coordinate response during and immediately after an event .
We are mapping our entire coastline , using the latest technology , to determine storm surge patterns that will provide the scientific data to support updated evacuation plans .
Getting people out of harm ’s way is the priority , but knowing who does n’t need to evacuate to higher ground can also save lives by reducing crowding on roadways .
We are expanding our capacity to shelter evacuees .
And we are installing permanent power generators in special shelters that care for the frail , sick , and elderly — the most vulnerable among us , whose lives are threatened when the power goes out .
We have one of the strongest building codes in the U.S. , but we continue to strengthen it to protect people and reduce the loss of property .
Strong building codes also allow more and more people to weather storms in their own homes , reducing the risk of disaster and the cost of recovery .
Just as all politics is local , so are all disasters .
The most effective response is one that starts at the local level and grows with the support of surrounding communities , state agencies , and , if necessary , the federal government .
The bottom - up approach yields the best and quickest results — saving lives , protecting property , and getting life back to normal as rapidly as possible .
Our approach also recognizes that government alone cannot effectively respond to a disaster , nor can government afford to maintain a full - time cavalry of emergency response workers capable of managing a wide range of potential catastrophic events .
Florida has fewer than 200 full - time emergency responders on staff , but when disaster strikes , thousands of state workers don their emergency management hats and play a role in the response .
Likewise , the state coordinates and collaborates with multiple partners outside government , including businesses , trade associations , and charitable organizations , to provide a swift humanitarian response .
Florida also places a premium on individual preparedness .
No country or community in the world can effectively respond to a disaster if its citizens are unprepared to cope with crisis when disaster strikes .
Just as government needs to prepare and practice for emergencies , so do families and businesses .
To help citizens prepare , Florida declared an annual sales tax holiday , a weeklong period when we waive state sales tax on purchases of items such as flashlights , radios , and generators that help residents get ready for hurricane season .
Knowing the evacuation route to escape the imminent danger and having enough food , water , and other vital supplies to survive independently for the first 72 hours after the disaster are only the first steps .
Substandard housing remains a significant vulnerability in our ability to respond to and recover from a hurricane .
A home that loses part of its roof can be completely destroyed by the rain and mold that follow — adding significant time and money to rebuilding .
In large - scale catastrophes , hundreds of thousands of families could be forced from their homes for long periods while their homes are repaired .
According to the Shimberg Center for Affordable Housing , nearly 4 million of the 4.4 million single - family homes in Florida were built before the uniform statewide building code was adopted in 2002 .
And the overwhelming majority of these , nearly 3.2 million , were built before 1995 , when the code was significantly strengthened after the devastation caused by Hurricane Andrew in 1992 .
The risk of damage associated with homes built before the current building code was implemented has caused insurance premiums to skyrocket .
Although efforts to address the issue have provided much - needed relief to homeowners , a catastrophic hurricane or multiple storms such as those we have experienced in recent years could bankrupt private insurers or drive them out of the market .
The long - term answer is to fortify Florida against the damage caused by hurricanes .
The state has aggressively pursued a strategy to align the financial interests of all those involved — insurers , contractors , members of the retail sector — to expand the scope of , and add velocity to , our mitigation efforts .
Just last year , we launched a $ 250 million preparedness investment program — the first of its kind in the nation — to protect residential property from the damage that can be caused by hurricanes .
Under the My Safe Florida Home program , the state matches homeowners ’ investments , dollar for dollar , up to $ 5,000 , in approved damage - mitigation projects , such as window and door shuttering , on their home .
Additionally , insurers are required to give discounts on policy premiums for homes with approved measures .
In the ultimate " culture of preparedness , " all Floridians would have a personal plan to recover from disasters .
Homeowners need to harden their houses with shutters and stronger roofs to prevent damage that could force them out of their homes for long periods .
All property owners need to secure adequate insurance to cover damage from wind , rain , and flooding .
Business owners need to have a plan to reopen and , if necessary , relocate their businesses .
Preparedness saves lives and taxpayer money .
When individuals take responsibility for their safety and well - being during and after a catastrophe , government can focus resources on the most vulnerable and hardest hit .
Florida is already a model of emergency management for the nation .
Yet we can always do better .
We need to continue to sharpen our skills , enhance our capabilities , and practice , practice , practice to ensure that we remain prepared to respond to and recover from whatever emergency lies over the horizon .
Jeb Bush ( jeb@jeb.org ) served two terms as governor of the State of Florida , from 1999 to 2007 .
During his eight years in office , he cut taxes by $ 20 billion , reduced the size of government by 10 percent , and reformed many programs , including public education and Medicaid .
Deirdre Finn ( dfinn@meridianstrategiesllc.com ) is a governmental and public affairs consultant .
From 2004 to 2006 , she served as Governor Bush ’s deputy chief of staff for environmental , transportation , and emergency management issues .
The View from Below Sea Level
by Sybe Schaap Much of the Netherlands is below sea level .
Flood survival is a great concern .
We have learned that , to survive , we need a governance system with balance .
It can be neither too centralized nor too decentralized ; it must be led by the government , but it must be run in partnership with the private and civil sectors .
We learned much of this in 1953 , in the aftermath of the worst flooding in modern Dutch history .
At that time , there were more than 2,500 water authorities in the Netherlands .
Created by local landlords , farmers , and churches , these village water boards dated back to the Middle Ages , and were probably the first elected democracies in Europe .
Some were more than 1,000 years old .
They had built the earliest Dutch windmills , which were used to pump water out of the lowlands ; they had also built drainage ditches , canals , and the earliest Dutch dikes for stopping floods .
Then , during a storm that reached our shores on January 31 , 1953 , and lasted for several days , the sea broke through 89 dikes .
More than 1,830 people died , in many cases after being trapped by water inside their houses ; 72,000 people were evacuated .
We realized that year that to change our water technologies , we would have to change our water management approach .
So we consolidated into 26 local “ water authorities . ”
They are completely independent of other government agencies :
They have their own taxes ( so that their funding cannot be diverted or politicized ) and are responsible only for water , sewage treatment , and flood protection .
All the water authorities remain democracies , with officials elected by residents in their jurisdiction .
There is a national authority as well , the Rijkswaterstaat , which prescribes overall standards — how high and strong levees must be , how pure water must be to earn a designation of “ purified , ” and so on .
This authority dates back to Napoleon ’s invasion in the 1790s .
But centralized control by itself cannot guarantee preparedness for floods and other natural disasters , because each region is different .
Each area has its own soil types , mix of rural and urban neighborhoods , and favored approaches .
If we had a centralized system , the national authority would have to manage on - the - ground protection in faraway localities , and that would be much too impractical .
We also include nongovernmental organizations in our preparedness infrastructure .
These include not - for - profit institutes that conduct research on water safety and flood prevention , environmental groups , farmers ’ unions , contractors who build and maintain dikes and levees , and companies that pay fees to send their waste through the systems .
All of these groups typically have seats on the water boards .
The boards , in short , are not just governing authorities — they are conveners of conversation and mutual planning .
The more candid , pragmatic , and inclusive the planning conversations , the more effective our protection against the incursion of sea or river .
Sybe Schaap ( ibijl@wgs.nl ) is the chairman of the Groot Salland regional water association , the president of the Dutch Association of Water Authorities , and a newly elected member of the National Senate of the Netherlands .
Reprint No. 07309
When you run one of the largest music labels in the world and your kids still pirate music , it must be a little embarrassing to show up at the RIAA offices and spend days in smoky conference rooms plotting the legal downfall of file - swappers .
We imagine lots of awkward stares and desperate conversations beginning with , " So . . . "
But somehow , Warner Music CEO Edgar Bronfman made it work .
Perhaps he just has a high threshold for embarrassment ?
Certainly he was n't ashamed to show up in Macau this week to deliver a keynote ( PDF ) at the GSMA Mobile Asia Congress in which he licked the sneakers of Steve Jobs .
" You need to look no further than Apple 's iPhone to see how fast brilliantly written software presented on a beautifully designed device with a spectacular user interface will throw all the accepted notions about pricing , billing platforms and brand loyalty right out the window . "
Talk about laying it on with a trowel .
How far we 've come from the Jobs / Bronfman spat of 2005 over whether the record industry was " greedy . "
Bronfman now emits whole paragraphs that sound like they were drafted in a Cupertino PR office .
" We want Apple and Google and you name it to succeed as well , " he said .
He talked up iTunes .
He praised " Apple 's cooperation " and said that the company made " discovering , accessing , and purchasing " Warner products " seamless and intuitive . "
Perhaps Bronfman really does think that iTunes is the hottest thing since the 8 - track , but the point of the speech was not ( as some commentators have it ) to proclaim himself an Apple fanboy , but to sell music on mobile phones .
Trashing one of the hottest mobiles on the planet is n't a good way to do that .
A new horizon for mobile music ?
Bronfman called on the mobile phone industry to wake up from its " boring , banal , and basic " music offerings , instead offer true single - click buying of music and innovative new services like " push tones " ( do n't ask ; it 's not really that innovative ) .
Saying that the music industry 's world was " rocked " because the labels " moved at a glacial pace " and " inadvertently went to war with consumers , " he encouraged phone operators not to make the same mistakes .
" We used to fool ourselves , " Bronfman added .
" We used to think our content was perfect just exactly as it was .
We expected our business would remain blissfully unaffected even as the world of interactivity , constant connection and file sharing was exploding .
And of course we were wrong . "
This is n't merely a cautionary tale that Bronfman is spreading out of a desire to do public service .
Instead , he wants device makers to wake up and start making his product easier to buy .
Pointing out that music - enabled mobiles are eclipsing dedicated music players in sales , Bronfman talked up the potential for handset operators , network operators , and content providers to each make boatloads of cash by giving customers what they want .
The endgame is higher " data usage , ARPU [ average revenue per user ] and customer loyalty . "
What Bronfman has realized is that iTunes , despite its reach , is n't worth a war over .
The biggest market potential comes from the billions of phone owners who will never be iTunes subscribers , and Warner seems more interested now in turning the handset into a huge new market for Warner tunes than it does in fighting battles over variable iTunes pricing .
Lowering prices would be a good way to encourage more sales , since I 'm not aware of any mobile users who like getting the shaft just so that they can buy a song from a handset instead of PC .
Sadly , that did not appear to be in the offing .
Hey everyone !
Welcome to Transformers 101 , the class where we can hopefully educate Michael Bay and Hasbro 's COO Brian Goldner about the Transformers .
First , let 's start with today 's lesson which focuses on an ad campaign that is very similar to a popular ad campaign during the 1980s in America .
Okay , is everyone paying attention ?
Let 's begin today 's lesson ... make sure you scroll all the way down to complete today 's lesson .
Click here to go directly to the main SEIBERTRON.com homepage ...
Read an excellent blog post written by Kneon Transitt that sums up my thoughts exactly about the robot designs ...
Galleries of 20 different Megatron toys I updated the images below to include a variety of different Megatron images .
Fans that are rallying behind this are NOT stuck in the 80s like a couple of you have suggested who apparently do n't get what we 're saying .
This is n't about G1 .
I am a fan of all things Transformers from 1984 to 2006 .
These movie designs strip away the very thing that I have enjoyed about the Transformers robots .
The images below show a consistent pattern of an evolution of the most badass Transformer of them all .
To many of us , the appeal of " Transformers " is that the robot modes giveaway what their vehicle modes are .
That 's always been the fun part about Transformers .
If I just wanted a movie about giant robots , I 'd watch regular robot cartoons like Evangelion or Gundam ( which are great series as well ... but they 're not Transformers ) .
Short Circuit and Batteries Not Included are starting to look good compared to these leaked designs .
This is Megatron .
Bacchus : The Orgiastic Ritual Game
Bacchus is a multiplayer dancing game with a religious theme .
The selling point is its ability to evoke intense emotions .
Imagine if you will , a decrepit theater filled with writhing , dancing people .
The lights flare and swoop in time and the people chant in unison .
A massive screen shows a mirror image of the hall like some surrealistic portal into an alternate universe .
Instead of blokes and lasses in street clothes , the onscreen spirits are clad in ornate ritualistic garb .
The movements on each side of screen are eerily synchronized .
The pitch of the chant rises .
The screen zooms in on a girl in the center of the room .
The crowd , as one , turns and watches her figure on the screen .
She begins to dance .
At first her movement is controlled and intricate .
The screen pulsates and she yells to its beat .
The room takes up her words and amplifies them , giving them god - like resonance .
Bass mixed with reverb mixed with primal , guttural passion .
Her dance becomes wild .
The pace increases and she begins to confess .
The theater reacts .
Each word she utters shimmers on screen , merging with ghostly photos from her past .
In a beat , the entire room witnesses her sorrow over the death of her mother , her time alone in an empty apartment , and her first kiss .
An inhumanly beautiful electronic chorus rises , matches and turns her words into a song .
Her movements become a blur .
Her glowing eyes are ecstatic .
At the peak , her spirit on the large screen explodes in light and the girl collapses to the floor in fervent religious swoon .
The crowd goes wild .
The screen zooms out and the next god dancer is chosen .
Later , the girl writes to her online friends that the night she danced was the single most powerful spiritual and emotional experience in her entire life .
It was the night she was touched by a higher power while playing a video game .
William - Adolphe Bouguereau - The Youth of Bacchus ( 1884 )
Bacchus : The Gedankenexperiment
The game Bacchus is a thought experiment , not a real game .
It exists merely to explore , in one design , several effective , yet rarely - used techniques for inducing emotion through gameplay .
It happens to have a religious theme , but I ’m primarily interested in exploring how designed experiences can yield intense player emotions .
The game designer ’s palette of emotion has traditionally been limited to boredom , frustration , and triumphant mastery .
There is very little published research on how to evoke a broader range of emotions and designers have very few practical or theoretical tools at their disposal in the quest to create meaningful , emotional experiences for their players .
Designers interested in evoking emotion fall back on :
Stealing techniques from non -game media .
“ And then we show a movie of the faithful heroine being stabbed by the evil villain ! ” Copious handwaving .
“ See , this pink pulsating blob represents ‘ Feelings ’ ” , explains the designer to the confused player .
The resulting experiences are far more emotionally simplistic than we might dream of creating .
To expand beyond the present constraints , I set forth a personal challenge .
What if you wanted to create a game that pushes the player through a sequence of emotions , from joy to sorrow , to perhaps even religious ecstasy ?
What current or future techniques would you use ?
Is it even possible for a game to evoke a rich palette of emotions ?
In order to build a game that induces such a complex emotional spectrum , we need to dig into the fundamentals of evoking emotions in games .
It turns out that many folks in the scientific community have been studying tangentially related problems for quite some time .
What Is Covered In This Essay
This essay has five parts
Two factor theory of emotion : First , we ’ll look at the psychology behind our emotions .
I ’ll lean on this to explore four pragmatic techniques that are demonstrated in Bacchus .
: First , we ’ll look at the psychology behind our emotions .
I ’ll lean on this to explore four pragmatic techniques that are demonstrated in Bacchus .
Technique 1 : Tapping existing emotional memories .
Technique 2 : Using relevant stimuli in order to evoke an emotional response .
Technique 3 : Biofeedback for controlling physical state .
. Technique 4 : Social norm setting for seeding appropriate cognitive labels .
With each technique , we ’ll cover the theory , how you can put the theory to use , how technology can help , and some of the limitations .
About Us PharmaExpressRX is a reliable online pharmacy with a wide range of prescription medicines and over the counter drugs .
This online pharmacy is a well established virtual business that aims at providing quality medications .
Dealing with this online pharmacy gives you a chance to buy prescription medicines like generic finpecia , generic Viagra and OTC medicines ( Over the counter drugs ) too .
Medicines at our store are purchased from licensed medicine makers only .
We ensure to deliver the product ' in ' or ' on ' the stipulated date .
Prior to that , stern systemized process is applied for packaging , making it so secluded that even the deliverer may not get a clue of its content .
With growing clientele , customer satisfaction has become priority of our online pharmacy , thus we strive to provide best medical solutions at economic value .
Generic Viagra is the best - selling drug here .
Drugs Quality
At online pharmacy , we ensure to offer only quality prescription as well as OTC medicines .
Before buying , we verify that these medicine - producers are approved by respective drug regulatory organizations such as FDA .
PharmaExpressRx.com accommodates a gamut of medicines ranging from prescription medicines to OTC medicines .
Irrespective of the kind of drugs , whether you buy Generic Viagra , Generic Propecia or any other medicine , you are provided with caliber products at our online pharmacy .
We ensure that the medicines sold through us are high quality drugs and this is done by analyzing medicines through a scrutinizing process .
We , at PharmaExpressRx , deal in drugs that are marked as safe to a significant level .
We advocate doctor 's consultation in order to encourage customer 's safety .
Thus we also ask prescription in order to supply certain prescription medicines .
Why Choose Us At PharmaExpressRx.com , you get high - quality medicines , OTC medicines , and generic drugs such as generic finpecia , generic Viagra etc. at lower cost .
We facilitate our customers with discounts and attractive offers .
We ensure faster and discreet packaging .
Average delivery takes 15 to 20 business days .
We have a team of professionals dedicated to solve queries of our clients and help them with other order related information .
We ensure secure online transaction with its SSL technology that uses highest level of encryption to protect data of customers .
In order to ensure health security of our clients , we ensure to cater only high quality drugs to buyers .
We also require our customers to evident prescription from a certified to doctor before we ship the medicine ; this is again a step to ensure our customers are safe .
The common practice of adding nitrogen fertilizer is believed to benefit the soil by building organic carbon , but four University of Illinois soil scientists dispute this view based on analyses of soil samples from the Morrow Plots that date back to before the current practice began .
The research , also drawing upon data from other long - term trials throughout the world , was conducted by U of I soil scientists Saeed Khan , Richard Mulvaney , Tim Ellsworth , and Charlie Boast .
Their paper " The Myth of Nitrogen Fertilization for Soil Carbon Sequestration " is published in the November / December 2007 issue of the Journal of Environmental Quality .
" It is truly fortunate that researchers over the past 100 years have been diligent in collecting and storing samples from the U of I Morrow Plots in order to check how management practices have affected soil properties , " said Khan .
The Morrow Plots are America 's oldest experimental field .
" We were intrigued that corn growth and yields had been about 20 percent lower during the past 50 years for the north ( continuous corn ) than for the south ( corn- oats - hay ) end of the Morrow Plots , despite considerably greater inputs of fertilizer nitrogen and residues . "
To understand why yields were lower for plots that received the most nitrogen , Khan and his colleagues analyzed samples for organic carbon in the soil to identify changes that have occurred since the onset of synthetic nitrogen fertilization in 1955 .
" What we learned is that after five decades of massive inputs of residue carbon ranging from 90 to 124 tons per acre , all of the residue carbon had disappeared , and there had been a net decrease in soil organic carbon that averaged 4.9 tons per acre .
Regardless of the crop rotation , the decline became much greater with the higher nitrogen rate , " said Khan .
Mulvaney says that the findings have troubling implications for corn production due to the widespread use of yield - based nitrogen recommendations since the 1970s .
" The one - size - fits - all approach was intended to minimize the risk of nitrogen deficiency as insurance for high yields .
Unfortunately , the usual result is over - fertilization because of the assumption that the fertilizer supplies more nitrogen than the soil .
The opposite is true in most cases , and especially for the highly productive soils of the Corn Belt that receive the highest nitrogen rates . "
Added Khan , " The rates have been progressively inflated over the years by yield increases from agricultural advances such as better varieties and higher populations . "
Their findings for the Morrow Plots are confirmed in published literature from field studies that included initial soil organic carbon data .
" In numerous publications spanning more than 100 years and a wide variety of cropping and tillage practices , " said Boast , " we found consistent evidence of an organic carbon decline for fertilized soils throughout the world and including much of the Corn Belt besides Illinois . "
" We do n't question the importance of nitrogen fertilizers for crop production , " said Ellsworth .
" But , excessive application rates cut profits and are bad for soils and the environment .
The loss of soil carbon has many adverse consequences for productivity , one of which is to decrease water storage .
There are also adverse implications for air and water quality , since carbon dioxide will be released into the air , while excessive nitrogen contributes to the nitrate pollution problem . "
Because soils differ in their capacities to supply nitrogen , Khan and his colleagues stress the need for soil testing , ideally on a site - specific basis , as a prerequisite to soil - based nitrogen management that optimizes fertilizer rates .
In comparing USDA data for Iowa and Illinois , the two states that rank highest in corn production , they found that from 1994 to 2001 , annual grain yields in Iowa averaged 1.7 billion bushels with 740 thousand tons of nitrogen , as compared to an average of 1.5 billion bushels produced in Illinois with 847 thousand tons of nitrogen .
The difference , Khan said , translates into lower fertilizer efficiency that cost Illinois farmers 68 million dollars per year .
###
Funding for this research was provided in part through a Hatch project , with additional support generated by the 15N Analysis Service .
Life is n’t easy for a dwarf galaxy in our local group .
They ’re passed from galaxy to galaxy , harassed by gravity , and eventually torn up and consumed when they get to close to a large galaxy like our own Milky Way .
But astronomers have turned up an example of a new class of dwarf galaxy , ones which formed very far away , and just arrived at the party .
The new dwarf galaxy is called Andromeda XII , and it was discovered during a wide - field survey taken with the Canada - France Hawaii Telescope ’s “ MegaCam ” instrument .
It ’s one of the faintest dwarf galaxies ever discovered near the Andromeda galaxy ( M31 ) , and it probably has the lowest mass ever measured .
Instead of being one of these dwarf galaxies that ’s suffered billions of years of galactic harassment , Andromeda XII is on a fast moving , highly eccentric orbit , which means it ’s falling into the Local Group of galaxies for the first time .
And since it lived its life apart from these galactic interactions , it ’s a pristine object to study .
Its rate of star formation , the size and shape of its dark matter halo and evolution were n’t influenced by other galaxies .
Andromeda XII is moving so quickly that it probably wo n’t even be captured by the Local Group , passing right through to destinations unknown .
Original Source : W.M. Keck Observatory News Release
Saul and Trent. Courtesy of Cornerstone
Spoken - word and hip - hop artist Saul Williams toured with Nine Inch Nails last year , and Trent Reznor liked him so much that he decided to produce his new album .
The Inevitable Rise and Liberation of Niggy Tardust ! , a mind - boggling fusion of genres — think NIN meets Gnarls Barkley meets Justice , if you can do so without your head exploding — will be released tomorrow through Williams ’s Website as a free download ( or you can chip in five bucks to support Saul ) .
The two artists spoke with Vulture by phone from L.A. this afternoon , discussing the album ’s genesis , the imploding record industry , and how much they paid for the new Radiohead album .
How did this collaboration come about ?
Trent : I ’d come across Saul through his “ List of Demands ” video , and it really impressed me as strong piece of work , as an aggressive rock - type track that jumped out of the television .
So I checked to see if he was interested in touring with me .
And it impressed me that he could go in front of an audience that probably did n’t know who he was .
He won the crowd over , and I watched it happen every night .
I said , “ Hey , if you ever want to experiment on some tracks , let ’s see what happens . ”
How would you characterize the music ?
Saul : Gosh , I do n’t know , ghetto gothic ?
I guess I ’d characterize it as hard - core dance .
I do n’t know if I ’d include spoken word in it , actually .
It ’s so danceable .
I have a lot to say , but I wanted to find a way to say it that did n’t get in the way of me dancing my ass off .
Did you ever butt heads ?
Trent :
There were times when we disagreed on things , certainly , but sooner or later he ’d realize that I was right .
[ They both laugh . ]
What inspired you to go the In Rainbows route with this album ?
Saul :
From the start , I remember Trent saying , “ Let ’s give it away for free . ”
At first , I was like , “ This dude is out of his mind ! ”
But then it really started making sense , and , of course , with Radiohead doing it , we were like , “ What the fuck ?
The idea that we had was great , and we should really follow it through . ”
Trent : I think it ’s just an awkward time right now to be a musician .
The reality is that people think it ’s okay to steal music .
There ’s a whole generation of people , that ’s all they ’ve known .
I used to buy vinyl .
Today , if you do put out a record on a label , traditionally , most people are going to hear it via a leak that happens two weeks — if not two months — before it comes out .
There ’s no real way around that .
I ’m truly saddened because I think music has been devalued , so that it ’s just a file on your computer , and it ’s usually free .
But we ca n’t change that .
What we can do is try to offer people the best experience that we can provide them .
Will it work ?
I do n’t know .
But I think it ’s a great way to get music out to people who are interested .
At the end of the day , all I care about is the integrity of the music , and that the feeling of those who experience it is as untainted as possible .
I ’d rather it not be on an iPod commercial .
I ’d rather it not be a ringtone that you have to get with a free cell phone or any of that bullshit .
Are you using this project , Trent , to test the waters for a self - released NIN record ?
Trent :
There is n’t a Nine Inch Nails record done .
I ’m starting one right now .
If I had one that was done , I would [ release ] it today in exactly the same way .
I wo n’t have one done for several months .
One of the things that started this in motion with Saul was me sitting around thinking about finally getting off a major label , which I think is the right move for Nine Inch Nails .
I was n’t looking to jump right back into another binding contract with a big company , and I just wanted to make sure that I was n’t advising Saul to do that in today ’s climate .
We decided to go the route we did , and we ’ll see what happens .
How long do you think before the labels are out of business ?
Trent : I mean , who knows ?
I remember a time when it felt like , being on a major label , our interests were aligned .
At times , it ’s a pretty well - oiled machine and the luxury is that I feel like I ’ve got a team of people who are taking care of the shit I do n’t want to think about .
I do n’t care about the radio guy , I just want to make music .
But those days are gone .
Because , mainly , that infrastructure is broken at the moment .
How long before [ record companies ] are irrelevant ?
Who knows ?
They seem to be doing everything they can to make sure that happens as quickly as possible .
Saul : I had already had experiences with my first album , with Rick Rubin and Sony and everything , where the company basically sat on it for two years and told me it was n’t hip - hop .
So , I was also very familiar with the infrastructure , and this just made the most sense .
What do you think about OiNK being shut down ?
Trent : I ’ll admit I had an account there and frequented it quite often .
At the end of the day , what made OiNK a great place was that it was like the world ’s greatest record store .
Pretty much anything you could ever imagine , it was there , and it was there in the format you wanted .
If OiNK cost anything , I would certainly have paid , but there is n’t the equivalent of that in the retail space right now .
iTunes kind of feels like Sam Goody to me .
I do n’t feel cool when I go there .
I ’m tired of seeing John Mayer ’s face pop up .
I feel like I ’m being hustled when I visit there , and I do n’t think their product is that great .
DRM , low bit rate , etc. Amazon has potential , but none of them get around the issue of pre-release leaks .
And that ’s what ’s such a difficult puzzle at the moment .
If your favorite band in the world has a leaked record out , do you listen to it or do you not listen to it ?
People on those boards , they ’re grateful for the person that uploaded it — they ’re the hero .
They ’re not stealing it because they ’re going to make money off of it ; they ’re stealing it because they love the band .
I ’m not saying that I think OiNK is morally correct , but I do know that it existed because it filled a void of what people want .
How much did you guys pay for the new Radiohead album ?
Saul : I paid $ 7 , which is like , what , fourteen pounds ?
No , wait , that ’s like three pounds !
Trent : I bought the physical one , so I spent a whopping $ 80 .
[ Pauses . ]
But , then I re-bought it and paid $ 5,000 , because I really felt that I need to support the arts , so people could follow in my footsteps .
[ Saul laughs . ]
— Ben Westhoff
Earlier : OiNK Founder Will Be in Really Big Trouble — Just As Soon As Police Figure Out What He ’s Done Wrong
OiNK , 2004 –2007 : A Vulture Tribute
OiNK Busted : The Internet Responds
Trent Reznor and Saul Williams Discuss Their New Collaboration , Mourn OiNK
“ Change Without Risk ” the slogan read .
This was on a poster advertising the latest Oracle DB release that came shrinkwrapped with the latest copy of Oracle Magazine .
“ Change Without Risk ” .
. . what a laugh .
The very idea is ludicrous .
Please , someone put a leash on those marketing guys !
Everything has risk .
Upgrading has risk .
Not upgrading can have even more risk .
Evaluating and managing risk is second nature to those of us in IT .
But , it ’s easy to get into a rut and not think deeply about risk until some silly piece of marketing hype comes along .
There are four basic ways to handle risk :
Retain
The risks we keep .
Some of these are chosen — for example deciding to go with a backup tape vs. a hot offsite backup .
But most retained risks are not thought through and come as a surprise — particularly to non-technical people .
Unfortunately , a common “ suit ” strategy seems to be to “ save ” money by retaining more risk .
In most cases I think the “ suits ” simply do n’t understand the extent and scope of the risks they are working with .
Ameliorate
Find a way to reduce risk .
For example : backup the hard drive , provide a backup system , write maintainable code .
Ameliorating risk is usually the most effective way to manage risk .
However , it comes at a cost .
Usually the cost is relatively low , but one that non-technical decision makers may cut if they do n’t understand the consequences .
I find when I tell real stores of real failures in similar situations people connect / understand risks a lot better and are more willing to take the necessary steps .
Avoid
Chose a different solution that avoids risk altogether .
I often code the “ hard ” parts of my applications first so I can identify the areas of greatest risk when I still have time to re-design and avoid risky solutions .
Share
This is mostly applicable in the insurance world , but I think there are some applications to programming .
For example , I can code a robust data access layer and share it across several servers so that if one server goes down the others can seamlessly pick up the load .
Summary
It ’s impossible to live life without risk–but with proper precautions risk can be reduced to a point where it ’s livable .
And to ya’ll over at Oracle : Next time you make a poster — please advertise some real benefits –not some “ Change Without Risk ” hype .
I really would like a poster I can feel good about hanging up beside ( or on top of ) my Microsoft poster without embarrassment . 🙂
P.s. for those of you patiently waiting the follow up article to my previous post .
I ’m working on it and should have it finished in the next few days .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
True story : A North Carolina teacher gave an example to his class of a statement by the school 's football coach : " I 'll be done drove there by 3 o'clock . "
Now , the teacher said , give the correct future perfect tense of that sentence .
A boy 's hand shot up .
" I 'll be done drive , " he said proudly .
Borne out in grammatical and metaphorical mazes , talkin ' Southern – or talkin ' country – is the cadence of Atticus Finch and Andy Griffith , presidents and preachers , ballplayers and businessmen in Brooks Brothers suits .
To many Americans , it 's also the lingua franca of honky - tonk pluckers , bumpkins , rascals , and hicks .
Yet in an urbanized America drawn ever closer by high speed communications and swirling migrations , a quiet debate is now surfacing among linguists – in all kinds of English – about whether Southern talk is spreading or becoming as quaintly provincial as a coon hunt .
Some believe that the Southern drawl has expanded to the point where , arguably , more than half of all Americans now glide their diphthongs and hush their R's like modern - day Rhett Butlers .
Some professionals who travel around even adopt different regional dialects as they go , knowing it 's one of the best ways to get ahead .
But other experts believe mass communications and urbanization are cutting away at the distinctiveness of the Southern voice , resulting in a more mono - pitch America .
• • •
John Fought is in the expanding camp .
The linguist from Diamond Bar , Calif. , points to several factors leading to the growing use of " y'all , " " fixin ' to , " and other dialectical Dixie quirks : the migration of Northerners to the South , the link between notions of masculinity and language , the appeal of country roots , and the influence of cultural phenomena like NASCAR .
" The boundary for Southern speech actually has spread , " says Mr. Fought .
" And we 're seeing fairly large fingers and puddles of more or less Southern speech north of the Ohio River and West of the Mississippi into the Plains . "
Other linguists are n't so sure , noting that locale does n't always dictate dialect .
Indeed , Erik Thomas , a vowel expert at North Carolina State University ( NCSU ) in Raleigh , says research shows that mainstream English , otherwise known as American Standard , is actually nibbling away at both the borders and the urban core of the South .
In the North , new words , slang , and speech patterns tend to hopscotch from city to city and then spread into rural areas .
In the South , that phenomenon is reversed : Speech patterns tend to trickle from the country to the city .
Signs today , however , suggest that the drawl is coming up against a wall in expatriate hot spots like Atlanta ; Birmingham , Ala . ; and Charlotte , N.C .
" Northerners still make fun of Southern speech , " says Dennis Preston , a linguist at Michigan State University in East Lansing .
" To them , it stirs up images of sitting out in a cabin , polishing a gun , and scratching a hound dog . "
With that in mind , he adds , " Southern speech is certainly not spreading .
It 's enormously resisted in the South by those who would give them the biggest numbers " – newcomers from the North .
In many ways , the argument over the pervasiveness of Southern - speak centers on whether to count African - American vernacular as part of it ( most experts do ) and what to do about the pockets of Southern talkers north of the Ohio River .
Ypsilanti , Mich. , for instance , is sometimes called Ypsitucky because of all the Kentucky expats .
An additional problem is how to define Southern - speak .
The classic drawl , though native mostly to Daughters of the Confederacy , is somewhat of a misnomer .
In fact , pronunciation , syllable beats , and vocabulary define Southern speech more than speed .
It turns out that the average Southerner , research shows , gets to the end of a sentence just as fast as a New Hampshirite .
One wild card in the argument over the spread of Southern talk is the " bidialectical " – a breed of people of unknown numbers who speak different dialects , often depending on who they 're with .
Are they evidence of " y'all " creep or just poseurs ?
Mr. Preston is one of them , quickly switching from his Kentucky hill country twang to what he calls " midlands speech " at Michigan State when he crosses the Ohio .
He still , however , says " pin " for " pen " no matter where he eats his grapefruit or grits .
To speak " true Southern , " a person has to be able to master several things , according to linguists Guy Bailey ( chancellor of the University of Missouri - Kansas City ) and Jan Tillery .
These include everything from vocabulary ( such as " snap bean " and " redbug " ) to upgliding diphthongs ( " dawg " for " dog " ) to dropping the " R " in words ( " foty " for " forty " ) .
" These changes are both idiosyncratic and social , " says Preston .
" There seem to be personal characteristics that allow the dialect shift , including gregariousness and the ability to do it . "
• • •
Interestingly , mobile professionals switch between accents more often than other groups , apparently believing that success is dependent on dialect .
Moreover , the mastery of language is deeply personal and even gender - biased .
When a couple moves south , for example , it 's much more likely that the man will acquire Southern speech than the woman .
Conversely , when a Southern couple moves north , the woman is more likely to adapt her accent .
Some researchers , at least those from the South , believe that this has to do with the masculinity associated with country talk .
Some Southern men grow up thinking that Northern dialects are for " sissies . "
But often it 's the capability of , and interest in , verbal dexterity that really accounts for bidialecticals .
" There are people who ... could take a car trip to Texas from Minnesota without picking up anything , " says Fought .
" Other people can't help it .
They just soak it up as they pass by . "
Thomas Wikle , a geography professor at Oklahoma State University in Stillwater , has a father - in - law in Athens , Ga. , who is aware of his accent around the local college campus , but falls into an almost incomprehensible brogue when talking to his farmer buddies out his truck window .
That self - conscious instinct to suppress country talk in respectable company is a testament to the power of dialects , and that accent can , and often does , account for social status .
Unlike bilinguals , bidialectals tend not to brag about their abilities .
" If I 'm around my friends in Oklahoma , I do n't even think about saying ' y 'all , ' but when I go back home to California and it slips out , someone usually gives me a funny look , " says Mr. Wikle .
Today , the historic separation between North and South is less important than rural and urban differences .
The debate over the use of Southern speech , at the very least , shows the importance of how people talk when they 're at home .
" You get into identity features , which are really crucial in determining whether someone retains or loses an accent , " says Mr. Thomas at NCSU .
" That 's why in rural areas of the South , Southern features are still pretty strong .
All this identity with Southernness – what type of music you listen to , the sports you watch on TV , what kind of food you eat – it 's prestigious to you and your friends to identify with sounding country . "
Bayer Documents : AIDS Tainted Blood Killed Thousands of Hemophiliacs
Thu , 22 May 2003
An examination of internal Bayer company documents by The New York Times reveals that the company was engaged in unsavory , probably criminal marketing practices .
The documents reveal that Bayer continued to sell contaminated blood plasma causing thousands of hemophiliac patients to be infected with AIDS .
The company continued to sell the contaminated blood in Asia for over a year when it had already introduced a safer , heated blood plasma version in the US and Europe in February 1984 .
The documents examined by the Times provide evidence of unrestrained corrupt practices by a pharmaceutical industry giant .
According to The Times , records suggest that the reason for continuing to sell an AIDS infected blood product , was to get rid of inventory and “ the company hoped to preserve the profit margin from ‘ several large fixed - price contracts . ' ”
This previously uninvestigated case demonstrates how this industry ’s lies and crimes are shielded by officials at the Food and Drug Administration .
The Times reports that in 1985 FDA ’s Dr. Harry Meyer willingly helped Bayer cover up “ one of the worst drug - related medical disasters in history . ”
Meyer suggested that the issue should be “ quietly solved without alerting the Congress , the medical community and the public . ”
This culture of accommodation continues to prevail at the FDA .
The case also demonstrates Bayer ’s racial elitism .
Its lethal marketing policies disregard human lives .
The mother of a 22 year old hemophiliac who was killed by Bayer ’s tainted product in Hong Kong put it this way : “ they did not care about the lives in Asia .
It was racial discrimination . ”
The Times reports that three other American pharmaceutical companies were involved in selling tainted blood plasma after a safer version existed : Armour Pharmaceutical , Baxter International and Alpha Therapeutic .
American taxpayers have awarded unprecedented , generous financial subsidies to this industry –no other has extended patent rights as does this industry .
In return they have been deceived , believing that drug company officials care about alleviating suffering and improving people ’s health , and that the FDA protects them from tainted products .
In fact , this industry has repeatedly shown that profits matter more than human livesóeven less valued are the lives in underdeveloped countries .
Currently , Bayer–through its subsidiary , Bayer CropScience–is applying pressure on the Environmental Protection Agency in an effort to lower the standards for pesticide contamination .
Bayer has conducted unethical human pesticide experiments and wants the EPA to accept the data from those trials .
The nature and purpose of such wholly nontherapeutic experiments violate The Nuremberg Code which was adopted in 1947 to protect human beings from potentially lethal , non-medical experiments .
See : Sunday Times ( UK ) Bayer promoting human pesticide experiments :
https://www.ahrp.org/infomail/0103/15.php
Sunday Herald ( UK )
https://www.ahrp.org/infomail/0902/09.php
See also , NYT Bayerís tactics in marketing Baycol :
https://www.ahrp.org/infomail/0303/01.php
For additional documentation about Bayer corrupt practices see the German watchdog group , Coalition Against Bayer Dangers ( CBG ) : http://www.cbgnetwork.org/home/Newsletter_KCB/newsletter_kcb.html
~~~~~~~~~~~~~
http://www.nytimes.com/2003/05/22/business/22BLOO.html
THE NEW YORK TIMES
May 22 , 2003
2 Paths of Bayer Drug in 80’s : Riskier Type Went Overseas
By WALT BOGDANICH and ERIC KOLI
A division of the pharmaceutical company Bayer sold millions of dollars of blood - clotting medicine for hemophiliacs ó medicine that carried a high risk of transmitting AIDS ó to Asia and Latin America in the mid-1980 ’s while selling a new , safer product in the West , according to documents obtained by The New York Times .
The Bayer unit , Cutter Biological , introduced its safer medicine in late February 1984 as evidence mounted that the earlier version was infecting hemophiliacs with H.I.V .
Yet for over a year , the company continued to sell the old medicine overseas , prompting a United States regulator to accuse Cutter of breaking its promise to stop selling the product .
By continuing to sell the old version of the life - saving medicine , the records show , Cutter officials were trying to avoid being stuck with large stores of a product that was proving increasingly unmarketable in the United States and Europe .
Yet even after it began selling the new product , the company kept making the old medicine for several months more .
A telex from Cutter to a distributor suggests one reason behind that decision , too : the company had several fixed - price contracts and believed that the old product would be cheaper to produce .
Nearly two decades later , the precise human toll of these marketing decisions is difficult , if not impossible , to document .
Many patient records are now unavailable , and because an AIDS test was not developed until later in the epidemic , it is difficult to pinpoint when foreign hemophiliacs were infected with H.I.V. ó before Cutter began selling its safer medicine or afterward .
But in Hong Kong and Taiwan alone , more than 100 hemophiliacs got H.I.V. after using Cutter ’s old medicine , according to records and interviews .
Many have since died .
Cutter also continued to sell the older product after February 1984 in Malaysia , Singapore , Indonesia , Japan and Argentina , records show .
The Cutter documents , which were produced in connection with lawsuits filed by American hemophiliacs , went largely unnoticed until The Times began asking about them .
“ These are the most incriminating internal pharmaceutical industry documents I have ever seen , ” said Dr. Sidney M. Wolfe , who as director of the Public Citizen Health Research Group has been investigating the industry ’s practices for three decades .
Bayer officials , responding on behalf of Cutter and its president at the time , Jack Ryan , declined to be interviewed but did answer written questions .
In a statement , Bayer said that Cutter had “ behaved responsibly , ethically and humanely ” in selling the old product overseas .
Cutter had continued to sell the old medicine , the statement said , because some customers doubted the new drug ’s effectiveness , and because some countries were slow to approve its sale .
The company also said that a shortage of plasma , used to make the medicine , had kept Cutter from manufacturing more of the new product .
“ Decisions made nearly two decades ago were based on the best scientific information of the time and were consistent with the regulations in place , ” the statement said .
The medicine , called Factor VIII concentrate , essentially provides the missing ingredient without which hemophiliacs ’ blood cannot clot .
By injecting themselves with it , hemophiliacs can stop bleeding or prevent bleeds from starting ; some use it as many as three times a week .
It has helped hemophiliacs lead normal lives .
But in the early years of the AIDS epidemic , it became a killer .
The medicine was made using pools of plasma from 10,000 or more donors , and since there was still no screening test for the AIDS virus , it carried a high risk of passing along the disease ; even a tiny number of H.I.V.- positive donors could contaminate an entire pool .
In the United States , AIDS was passed on to thousands of hemophiliacs , many of whom died , in one of the worst drug - related medical disasters in history .
While admitting no wrongdoing , Bayer and three other companies that made the concentrate have paid hemophiliacs about $ 600 million to settle more than 15 years of lawsuits accusing them of making a dangerous product .
The Cutter documents ó a few of them have surfaced in recent years in television and newspaper reports about Cutter ’s marketing practices ó were gleaned from that litigation .
But because the documents did not relate directly to the suits , most went uninvestigated .
The documents – internal memorandums , minutes of company marketing meetings and telexes to foreign distributors – reveal and chronicle Cutter ’s decision to keep exporting the older product after it began making the new one , which was heat - treated to kill H.I.V .
The heat treatment rendered the virus “ undetectable ” in the product , according to a government study .
( There are few available records documenting the actions and decisions of the three other American - based companies that also sold unheated concentrate after offering a heated product . )
Doctors and patients contacted overseas said they had not known of the contents of the Cutter documents .
Bayer and other blood - product companies , though admitting no wrongdoing , have already made some payments to foreign hemophiliacs .
It is unclear if Bayer could now face legal liability specifically for selling the older product after a safer one was available .
Federal regulators helped keep the overseas sales out of the public eye , the documents indicate .
In May of 1985 , believing that the companies had broken a voluntary agreement to withdraw the old medicine from the market , the Food and Drug Administration ’s regulator of blood products , Dr. Harry M. Meyer Jr. , summoned officials of the companies to a meeting and ordered them to comply .
“ It was unacceptable for them to ship that material overseas , ” he said later in legal papers .
Even so , Dr. Meyer asked that the issue be “ quietly solved without alerting the Congress , the medical community and the public , ” according to Cutter ’s account of the 1985 meeting .
Dr. Meyer said later that he could not recall making that statement , but another blood - product company ’s summary of the meeting also noted that the F.D.A. wanted the matter settled “ quickly and quietly . ”
Dr. Meyer died in 2001 .
Whether Cutter was behaving ethically became an issue in internal company discussions .
“ Can we in good faith continue to ship nonheat - treated coagulation products to Japan ? ” a company task force asked in February 1985 , fearing that some of its plasma donors might be H.I.V. positive .
The decision , records show , was yes .
Taken together , the documents provide an inside view of Cutter ’s bottom - line strategizing and efforts to manage the flow of information amid growing public anxiety about the safety of its product .
When a Hong Kong distributor in late 1984 expressed an interest in the new product , the records show , Cutter asked the distributor to “ use up stocks ” of the old medicine before switching to its “ safer , better ” product .
Several months later , as hemophiliacs in Hong Kong began testing positive for H.I.V. , some local doctors questioned whether Cutter was dumping “ AIDS tainted ” medicine into less - developed countries .
Still , Cutter assured the distributor that the unheated product posed “ no severe hazard ” and was the “ same fine product we have supplied for years . ”
Li Wei-chun said her son , who died in 1996 at the age of 23 , was one of the hemophiliacs in Hong Kong who got AIDS after using that product .
“ They did not care about the lives in Asia , ” Ms. Li said in a recent interview .
“ It was racial discrimination . ”
How It Started
Discovery That Blood Spreads the Disease
At the beginning of the epidemic , more than two decades ago , fear over what would later be known as AIDS was centered mostly among gays and intravenous drug users .
But that changed on July 16 , 1982 , when the federal Centers for Disease Control reported that three hemophiliacs had acquired the disease .
This gave epidemiologists a strong reason to believe that the disease was being spread through blood products .
And that belief carried grave implications for the many thousands of hemophiliacs who routinely injected themselves with concentrate made from giant pools of donated plasma .
Because an AIDS test had not yet been developed , federal health officials had no idea how many plasma donors carried the disease .
By March of 1983 , the C.D.C. went so far as to warn that blood products “ appear responsible for AIDS among hemophilia patients . ”
The unfolding story had not gone unnoticed at Cutter headquarters .
Back in January , Cutter ’s manager of plasma procurement had acknowledged in a letter : “ There is strong evidence to suggest that AIDS is passed on to other people through . . . plasma products . ”
With sales of concentrate beginning to slip , Cutter got more bad news in May 1983 : after learning that a Cutter rival had begun to make heated concentrate , France decided to halt all imports of clotting concentrate until it could figure out what to do .
Fearing a loss of customers , Cutter conceived a marketing plan that stopped well short of full disclosure .
“ We want to give the impression that we are continuously improving our product without telling them we expect soon to also have a heat - treated ” concentrate , an internal memo said .
Several weeks later , Cutter tried to minimize the danger hemophiliacs faced when using blood products .
“ AIDS has become the center of irrational response in many countries , ” the company said in a June 1983 letter to distributors in France and 20 other countries .
“ This is of particular concern to us because of unsubstantiated speculations that this syndrome may be transmitted by certain blood products . ”
The French decided to keep using unheated concentrate , and Cutter said it sold them more of the unheated product in August 1983 .
Later , two French health officials were sent to prison for continuing to use up old stocks of unheated concentrate in 1985 , when a heated product was available .
Cutter finally received United States approval to sell heated concentrate on Feb. 29 , 1984 , the last of the four major blood product companies to do so .
Though some doctors and patients held out against the heated product , a safer era had clearly begun for hemophiliacs in the United States .
Market Considerations
Bayer Says Some Wanted Old Product
For five months more , until August 1984 , Cutter said it continued to make the old , unheated medicine .
The records suggest that the company hoped to preserve the profit margin from “ several large fixed - price contracts . ”
But in its statements to The Times , Bayer also said that some customers still wanted the old medicine , initially believing – incorrectly , it turned out – that heating the concentrate could leave it less effective and possibly dangerous .
The new product , meanwhile , was selling briskly , leaving Cutter with a problem : “ There is excess nonheated inventory , ” the company noted in minutes of a meeting on Nov. 15 , 1984 .
“ They needed to get the return for what they invested , ” explained Michael Baum , a Los Angeles lawyer who has represented dozens of United States hemophiliacs in suits against blood - product companies .
“ They paid the donors .
They had processed the plasma , put it into vials , kept it in warehouses – and all that expense had already been incurred . ”
( One vial is roughly equivalent to a small dose , though more may be needed to stop severe bleeding . )
At the November meeting , the minutes show , Cutter said it planned to “ review international markets again to determine if more of this product can be sold . ”
And in the months that followed , it had some success , exporting more than 5 million units ( a typical vial might contain 250 units ) in the first three months of 1985 , documents show .
“ Argentina has been sold 300,000 units and will possibly order more , and the Far East has ordered 400,000 units , ” according to a March 1985 Cutter report .
Two months later , the company reported that “ in Taiwan , Singapore , Malaysia and Indonesia , doctors are primarily dispensing nonheated Cutter ” concentrate .
By then , while there were still a small number of buyers in the United States , nearly all of the unheated concentrate was being sold abroad , available records show .
All told , Cutter appears to have exported more than 100,000 vials of unheated concentrate , worth more than $ 4 million , after it began selling its safer product .
Gary Mull , an international product manager for Cutter at the time , said no one at the company had ordered him to sell the unheated concentrate as a way of avoiding a write - off .
“ If I had reason to personally believe , let alone the company ” that any of the material was highly infectious , “ we would n’t have sent it out , ” he said .
Mr. Mull , who now works for another blood - product company , added , “ I was n’t the shipping person , but I would still be the person in charge of queueing it up . ”
Bayer , which is based in Germany , said in its statement that an overall plasma shortage in 1985 had kept Cutter from making more heated medicine .
But Cutter may actually have contributed to that shortage – by using some its limited plasma supplies to continue making the old product .
Bayer ’s response also emphasized that some countries were slow to approve its new product .
For example , Bayer said “ procedural requirements ” imposed by Taiwan had delayed its “ ability to apply for registration ” and had led to other delays as well .
But an official at Taiwan ’s health department , Hsu Chien - wen , said recently that Cutter had not applied for permission to sell the new , safer medicine until July 1985 , about a year and a half after it began doing so in the United States .
In one case , records show , Cutter officials even discussed trying to delay Japan ’s approval of heated concentrate so the company could shed stocks of the older product .
Bayer said Cutter did not act on that idea .
Officials from the three other American - based companies that continued to sell unheated concentrate ó Armour Pharmaceutical , Baxter International and Alpha Therapeutic ó either declined to be interviewed or denied wrongdoing , in some cases citing the same reasons Bayer did for its decisions .
Still , what is not in dispute is that by the spring of 1985 , few researchers doubted the connection between AIDS and unheated concentrate .
The previous October , the federal Centers for Disease Control , using a prototype H.I.V. test , had reported that 74 percent of hemophiliacs who used unheated concentrate had tested positive for H.I.V .
In the same report , the agency said a study done with Cutter had shown that heat treatment rendered the virus “ undetectable . ”
( Bayer said no one knew “ definitively ” that its heat treatment killed the AIDS virus until eight months later . )
By May 1985 , as the AIDS scare reached hemophiliacs in Hong Kong , Cutter ’s distributor there placed an urgent call to Cutter headquarters , records show .
Sounding distraught , he told of an impending medical emergency .
Hemophiliacs were frightened .
Children were being infected with H.I.V.
Parents were hysterical .
Could n’t the company send the new , safer product ?
Cutter replied that most of the new medicine was going to the United States and Europe , and that there was not enough left for Hong Kong , though a small amount was available for the “ most vocal patients . ”
Dr. Chan Tai-kwong , who treated hemophiliacs at Queen Mary Hospital in Hong Kong , said doctors asked Cutter ’s distributor for the heated concentrate but could not get it ; 40 percent of his patients were H.I.V.- positive , Dr. Chan said .
Dr. Patrick Yuen , who worked at another hospital , gave a similar account .
“ The local distributor asked us to keep using it , ” he said .
“ They said not to be afraid . ”
Even so , Cutter knew the market for the older medicine had all but dried up .
“ It appears there are no longer any markets in the Far East where we can expect to sell substantial quantities of nonheat - treated , ” a Cutter official wrote in May 1985 .
Bayer said Cutter stopped shipping unheated concentrate in July 1985 .
Later , in the early 1990 ’s , two members of a Hong Kong government commission that concluded the tragedy could not have been avoided , expressed concern when told of the internal Cutter documents .
Dr. Yuen , a member of the panel , said Cutter failed to warn doctors and hemophiliacs in Hong Kong about the dangers of unheated concentrate .
“ It should tell the whole world , not just Europe and America , ” he said .
Bayer also said Cutter did fully inform foreign customers about the heated product .
And Bayer said it took more than a year to get Hong Kong ’s approval to sell it .
But Dr. Cindy Lai , assistant director of Hong Kong ’s health department , said that in the 1980 ’s Cutter needed only to get an import license .
“ It normally took one week , ” she said .
The delay harmed more than just the hemophiliacs , said Mrs. Li , the mother of the young hemophiliac who died of AIDS in 1993 .
Infected with a terrible and still mysterious disease , hemophiliacs were often shunned by family , friends and employers .
“ It was the immoral drug company that caused some families to fall apart , ” she said .
“ They blamed and tortured each other .
It was better to die than to live . ”
The Message Gap
Many Slow to Hear of the Problems
Today , in the Internet age , vast amounts of the most up - to - the - minute medical information are available at the click of a mouse .
News moved less efficiently in 1985 .
In Taiwan , Dr. Shen Ming - ching , who ran the country ’s largest clinic for hemophiliacs , recalled in a recent interview that it was not until he traveled to the United States for a conference in July 1985 that he learned for certain that heat treatment killed H.I.V .
Upon returning home , he said , he immediately insisted that Taiwan authorities stop importing the old concentrate .
For his efforts on behalf of the hemophiliacs in Taiwan , Dr. Shen said , the government gave him a certificate and “ a beautiful medal . ”
As for the hemophiliacs themselves , 44 of Dr. Shen ’s patients got AIDS , including a 2 - year - old .
He said 23 had died .
None of the Taiwan patients interviewed by The Times said they knew that Cutter had begun selling the safer medicine in the United States in early 1984 .
One Taiwan patient who received Cutter ’s old concentrate was Lee Ching - chang .
Mr. Lee said he got his first concentrate in November 1983 at age 22 , and continued receiving the unheated type into 1985 .
Mr. Lee said he tested positive for H.I.V. in 1986 .
“ I am bitterly angry , ” he said .
Mr. Lee said he was too sick to work .
Six other hemophiliacs with H.I.V. or their families spoke to The Times about despair , discrimination , job loss or in some cases thoughts of suicide .
Mr. Lee was the only hemophiliac with H.I.V. willing to be photographed .
Tang Fu-kuo helps AIDS patients in Taiwan .
“ I can not tell myself that it ’s just history ; let ’s forget it , ” Mr. Tang said .
“ Nobody wants to acknowledge fault . ”
Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company |
FAIR USE NOTICE :
This may contain copyrighted ( © ) material the use of which has not always been specifically authorized by the copyright owner .
Such material is made available to advance understanding of ecological , political , human rights , economic , democracy , scientific , moral , ethical , and social justice issues , etc .
It is believed that this constitutes a ‘ fair use ’ of any such copyrighted material as provided for in section 107 of the US Copyright Law .
In accordance with Title 17 U.S.C.
Section 107 , this material is distributed without profit to those who have expressed a prior general interest in receiving similar information for research and educational purposes .
For more information go to : http://www.law.cornell.edu/uscode/17/107.shtml
If you wish to use copyrighted material for purposes of your own that go beyond ‘ fair use ’ , you must obtain permission from the copyright owner .
Merkel im Visier
: Überwachung der Überwacher
Das Wohnzimmer der Bundeskanzlerin Angela Merkel und ihres Ehemannes wurde durch eine Überwachungskamera gefilmt .
So klingt , vornehm ausgedrückt , was geschehen ist .
Weniger vornehm : „ Big brother is watching you . “
Der große , beobachtende Bruder waren die Leute vom Sicherheitsdienst des Pergamonmuseums .
Mit einer dort auf dem Dach angebrachten Überwachungskamera konnte direkt ins Wohnzimmer der gegenüber wohnenden Kanzlerin geschaut werden .
Die Kamera steht schon seit acht Jahren da , ist schwenkbar und hat einen starken Zoom .
KOMMENTAR VON WALTRAUD SCHWAB
Vielleicht ist der Vorfall noch zu neu , trotzdem fällt auf : Verlautbarungen der Parteien , die die Verletzung von Angela Merkels Privatsphäre anprangern , liegen bisher nicht auf dem Tisch .
Nur die Bild - Zeitung , die keine Angst vor Doppelzüngigkeit hat , argumentiert bereits dergestalt .
Was aber ist wirklich passiert ?
Eine Vertreterin jener gesellschaftlichen Gruppe , die allen Bürgerinnen und Bürgern die vollständige Beobachtung mit Überwachungskameras unter allen Umständen schmackhaft machen will , hat den subjektiven Faktor , der damit verbunden ist , höchstpersönlich erfahren .
Denn in Momenten beobachtet zu werden , in denen man sich unbeobachtet wähnt , ruft Gefühle des Ausgeliefertseins hervor .
Dies sollten sich die Verfechter der Überwachung merken .
Umso mehr , als der objektive Faktor der Videokontrolle , dem zufolge diese mehr Sicherheit biete , bis heute umstritten ist .
Dass dennoch daran festgehalten wird , zeigt , dass die Verfechter der Bevölkerung misstrauen .
Dass die negativen Seiten der Überwachung nun ausgerechnet die Bundeskanzlerin getroffen haben , ruft neben der Schadenfreude auch die Hoffnung hervor , dass Hardliner etwas daraus lernen .
