An official for the orthodox Christian party ChristenUnie has resigned from his job at the party ’s Amsterdam branch because he is homosexual , the Telegraaf reports on Tuesday .
Sander Chan said he could no longer function within the party because he did not want to rule out forming a relationship with another man .
The CU ’s official standpoint on homosexuality is that officials must always be answerable to the Bible as the word of God , which many in the party take to mean that practising homosexuals should be banned .
An interesting NYT Bits blog entry covers Opera ’s mobile browser .
Buried in the middle of the article is this quote : “ Opera ’s engineers have developed a version of Opera Mini that can run on an Apple iPhone , but Apple wo n’t let the company release it because it competes with Apple ’s own Safari browser . ”
It also talks about Opera on the Wii and browsers in cars .
A good read .
My Take : But back to the iPhone .
As tempted as I am to just shrug it off , since Apple is free to run its App Store any way it pleases , as an enthusiastic iPhone user , I think Apple is shooting itself in the foot here , as it is with all the “ competitive ” apps being rejected .
Apple does stand to lose some Google revenue by letting people use other browsers , but they have much more to gain by unleashing the creativity of the developer community and giving them the freedom to improve or replace core iPhone functionality .
Hopefully competition from Android forces them to wake up .
Yemen
tropical storms
Gulf of Aden
Iran
has been attacked by , which came from the .
As a result , the country hit by heavy rains , many areas literally sunk under water .
In the province of Hadramaut victims of the disaster became 64 .
Some of them were killed when struck by lightning .
As a result of the disaster over 10 thousand people homeless .
A storm was moving to
Have Your Say Are you happy with the outcome of the election ?
How will it affect you ?
Share your views on our US election result map .
TRAILER : Star
Trek gets a sexy makeover in new film with love scenes , motorbikes and hunky stars
The eagerly anticipated Star Trek film is set to cast off the geeky associations of the sci - fi genre with a handsome cast , vicious fights and sex scenes .
A trailer for the new movie was released online on Monday , no doubt fuelling the excitement of Trekkies around the world ahead of the film 's release next year .
The fast - paced trailer include snippets from the childhoods of Captain James T Kirk ( Chris Pine ) and Mr Spock ( Zachary Quinto ) , lending an insight to the men they grow up to become .
Scroll down to watch the trailer
Battle of minds : Mr Spock ( Zachary Quinto ) and Captain James T Kirk ( Chris Pine ) on the Starship Enterprise
The trailer starts with a speeding Corvette going through the desert being pursued by a mysterious driver on a hovering motorbike contraption .
The car goes flying off the side of a canyon , leaving the young driver - too young to have a licence - hanging off the side , clinging on for dear life .
The pursuing driver , who appears to be a robot , steps off his bike and then asks the youngster : ' What is your name ? '
The boy brazenly replies : ' My name is James Tiberius Kirk . '
Intimate : Captain Kirk gets up close and personal with Uhura ( Zoe Saldana )
Familiar faces : Briton Simon Pegg plays Montgomery ' Scotty ' Scott ( left ) and Eric Bana ( right ) is Romulan villain Nero
The trailer moves on to an adult Kirk , this time speeding through the desert on a motorbike , before stopping by a futuristic factory - suggesting it could be a take - off location for the Starship Enterprise .
Actor Bruce Greenwood , who plays early Enterprise Captain Pike , is the voiceover : ' You always had a hard time finding a place in this world have n't you ?
Never knowing your true worth .
' You can settle for less in ordinary life - or do you feel like you were meant for something better ?
Something special ?
The action then switches to the Planet Vulcan and centres on a young Spock looking inquisitive before moving to an older Spock , played by original Star Trek TV star Leonard Nimoy .
Action packed : A young Kirk throws himself out of a Corvette as it goes speeding off the side of a canyon
' Do you feel you were meant for something better ? '
A pre-Enterprise Kirk spots an unusual building and wonders what the future holds for him
The older Spock is seated with his human mother Amanda Grayson , played by Winona Ryder , who gazes into her son 's eyes .
A mystery voice said : ' You will always be a child of two worlds and fully capable of deciding your own destiny .
' The question you face is , which part will you choose . '
The back story set up , we are introduced to the third Spock , as a young adult , played by Heroes star Zachary Quinto , and his colleague Kirk , standing on the Starship Enterprise .
Child of two worlds : A young Spock - half human , half Vulcan - determines his future
Tender moment : Leonard Nimoy makes a cameo as the older Spock during a moving scene with his human mother Amanda Grayson , played by Winona Ryder
A montage of scenes shows intergalactic space battles , glimpses of the new Starship crews and soaring vistas of the galaxy .
The tense relationship between Spock and Kirk is brought to boiling point as the cocky captain says : ' Are you afraid or are n't you ? '
A stern Spock replies : ' I will not allow you to lecture me . '
Kirk hits back with a challenge : ' Then why do n't you stop me . '
Rage :
An enraged Spock hits out after Kirk challenges him to ' stop me '
Love interest : Uhura strips off in her Enterprise bedroom , unaware she is being watched by Kirk
A furious Spock then lashes out at Kirk , before the scene cuts to a fiery explosion in space .
In what promises to be the most action - packed Star Trek yet , the film also provides handsome Kirk with some action between the sheets in a steamy sex scene with communications officer Uhura ( Zoe Saldana ) .
The trailer features glimpses of some familiar faces of the cast , including Simon Pegg as engineer Montgomery ' Scotty ' Scott and Eric Bana as Romulan villain Nero .
During his brief appearance in the cameo , Pegg declares in his Scottish accent : ' I like this ship .
This is exciting .'
Relative unknown Pine , who plays Kirk , has promised to show a new side to the captain and has cited Harrison Ford 's Indiana portrayal as inspiration .
He said : ' Not to say that I modelled my version of James T. Kirk on anything in particular but I think I definitely have wanted to bring that kind of Harrison Ford humour to Kirk . '
U.S.S. Kelvin :
The ship which was captained by Kirk 's father George Samuel Kirk during the battle with Romulan villain Nero
Director J.J. Abrams originally said he hoped to find a cameo for William Shatner , who played Captain Kirk in the original Star Trek TV series , but did n't want the script to ' shove him in because that would be a disaster ' .
Matt Damon was originally touted as potential Captain Kirk , but Abrams revealed he was ' too old ' for the part .
Fans of the American Pie franchise will recognise John Cho as lieutenant Hikaru Sulu .
The Korean - American actor famously played one of the M.I.L.F. characters in the teen comedies .
New Zealander Karl Urban , who played Eomer in the Lord Of The Rings movies , is Leonard ' Bones ' McCoy , previously played by DeForest Kelley .
High drama :
The crew of the Enterprise during a dramatic space battle
The youngest of the cast is Russian actor Anton Yelchin who plays officer Pavel Chekov .
Anton , 19 , is the son of Russian figure skaters Irina Korina and Viktor Yelchin .
The new Star Trek movie is expected to be released in the UK on May 8th 2009
WATCH THE TRAILER HERE ...
New screenshots of the forthcoming iPhone 2.2 software have been dug up by blogger Florian Schimank , and they confirm over - the - air podcast downloads direct to the iPhone .
The shots , seen above and below , show the new iPhone podcast directory interface , and it appears that the update allows not only new versions of already - subscribed podcasts to be downloaded , but also browsing for new shows on iTunes .
Video also appears to be supported .
Another blog , M4gic.net , claims that this will work not only with a Wi -Fi connection , but also over 3G , although with a cap of 10 MB , just like the App Store .
The shots also show that the App Store categories browser gets a new view , with icons instead of plain text .
This is huge .
Being able to browse and download free audio and video content independent of a computer turns the iPhone into a true mobile entertainment machine , and pretty much quashes the competition ( Zune marketplace , anyone ? )
I pretty much never listen to music on my iPod unless it 's hooked up to a stereo .
All my mobile listening is podcasts , and now I wo n't have to run out of things to listen to when I 'm on a trip .
Podcasts über iPhone OS 2.2 nun verfügbar [ Flo's Weekly via MacRumors ]
i Phone firmware 2.2 : Screenshots of the new podcast section [ M4gic.net ]
' Who is Barack Obama ? "
In the last , desperate weeks , that question became the rallying cry of John McCain and Sarah Palin , as they sought to persuade Americans that they knew too little about the man who , in the early hours of yesterday morning , was elected the 44th president of the United States .
It was a rhetorical question , but it sometimes brought swift and harsh answers .
" Who is the real Barack Obama ? " McCain asked at a rally in Albuquerque last month .
" A terrorist ! " shouted at least one man in the crowd .
But that was only the crudest response .
In the 21 months after Obama first launched what he always called his " improbable " bid for the White House , his opponents had sought to fill in the blank of his identity with a series of bogeymen .
Obama was a Muslim and a Marxist .
He was a conviction liberal and a believe - in - nothing celebrity .
He was an ivory - tower professor and a crooked Chicago pol .
He was an elite Ivy Leaguer and the product of a madrasa .
He was an East Coast snob and an exotic quasi - foreigner .
By the end , the McCain campaign and its allies , seeking to hurl every pot and pan in the kitchen sink at Obama , claimed all those things about the Democrat — often at the same time .
September 1 2008 : Delegate Kelly Williams wears a hat showing his dislike for Barack Obama in St Paul .
Photograph : Jae C Hong /AP
The notion that there was something mysterious or alien about Obama had been running all year .
Mark Penn , one - time chief strategist to Hillary Clinton in her presidential bid , suggested his boss pose as the " American " candidate : " All of these articles about his boyhood in Indonesia and his life in Hawaii are geared towards showing his background is diverse , multicultural and putting that in a new light .
Save it for 2050 .
It also exposes a strong weakness for him — his roots to basic American values and culture are at best limited .
I cannot imagine America electing a president during a time of war who is not at his centre fundamentally American in his thinking and in his values . "
That advice was later taken up with zeal by the Republicans .
Last month Palin told a rally in Clearwater , Florida : " This is not a man who sees America the way you and I see America . "
On one level this was simply a form of racial code , a way of nudging white voters to see that the first African - American nominee of a major party was not " one of us " .
But that is not the whole picture .
September 21 2008 : Barack Obama speaks during a rally in Charlotte , North Carolina .
Photograph : Chris Keane / Reuters
For the truth is that America 's next president does indeed have a biography that is worlds apart — and , yes , more exotic — than the rest of his fellow citizens .
It is rooted in the mud-hutted villages of Kenya and the flat cornfields of Kansas .
It jumps from the endless summers of Hawaii to the ferment of 1960s Indonesia , from the gilded seminar rooms of Harvard to the broken streets of Chicago 's South Side — and all that before Obama had turned 22 years old .
It is a strange and confusing enough tale that Obama himself had to work hard to untangle it , eventually shaping it into a coherent narrative in the lyrical , moving memoir authored when he was just 33 and now an international bestseller : Dreams from My Father .
That book , and its successor , The Audacity of Hope , mean that Obama 's story is hardly a mystery .
He has laid its details bare .
What 's more , the narrative of his own life has lain at the heart of his political message .
He has offered his " improbable journey " as testament to the enduring power of the American dream : the belief that , in the United States , truly anyone can make it .
As he put it in the speech that launched him into the political stratosphere , the keynote address to the Democratic convention of 2004 , " in no other country on earth is my story even possible " .
June 1 2008 : Barack Obama addresses a rally in Mitchell , South Dakota .
Photograph : Chip Somodevilla / Getty Images
But he has also suggested that his own hybridity — the child of a white mother and a black father — embodies the mixed nation that America is destined to become , that somehow his own reconciliation of the black and white within him is a harbinger of a wider reconciliation in America itself .
That his roots across several continents make him the right man for a new and globalised age .
That somehow his own past equips him for the future .
" I think that in a sense Barack is the personification of his own message for the country , " David Axelrod , chief strategist for the Obama campaign , told the New York Times last year .
" He is his own vision . "
But the Obama biography translates into more than a campaign theme .
Its details provide crucial clues as to how the new president thinks , what drives him and how he is likely to operate .
To understand the man whose decisions will shape the world for at least the next four years , you need to know where he came from and the path he has travelled .
It 's long , taking the unlikeliest turns , but now we know where perhaps it was always leading — to the White House .
America 's next president is the son of a man who once herded goats in a remote village in Africa .
He is the grandson of a man who grew up among people who wore animal skins , in a village where no white man had ever set foot .
That grandfather went on to become a cook for the British army and later a domestic servant , while his son finished secondary school by correspondence course , had four wives and eight children and died an early death , caused by drink and depression .
Portraits , including one of Barack Obama 's father , hang in his family house in Kogelo , Kenya .
Photograph : Peter Macdiarmid / Getty Images
The grandfather , Hussein Onyango Obama , is the source of the new president 's middle name — the one that gave him so much trouble in the campaign .
Though he is said to have been born in 1870 , one of his three wives still lives .
They call her " Mama Sarah " and she is now , aged 86 , the step - grandmother of the most powerful man in the world .
You find her by taking the 90 - minute drive north of Lake Victoria to the remote Kenyan village of Kogelo .
At the end of the tarmac , a sign for the Senator Obama Secondary School points the way along a red dirt road .
You find a small house , three rooms under a pale - blue corrugated iron roof .
There is a water pump in the front garden and a huge mango tree , and it's here you stop and chat to Mama Sarah .
She 's happy to talk , over the noise of the chickens that come running when she calls .
She still works , rising at dawn on a typical day and heading barefoot into her vegetable garden , where she grows maize , sweet potatoes , beans and cassava .
At nine , she makes breakfast , returning to the fields until noon .
She has a TV set now , a gift from a local airline executive , but she always used to follow the news on the radio in Swahili or Luo .
And she has met her step - grandson only a few times .
The first encounter came when he visited Kenya in the 1980s : they had no language in common but she can't forget his voice .
So much like his father 's , she says : " It made me think that his father had come back from the dead . "
Her living room is decorated with family pictures , including a shot of Barack on one visit , carrying a sack of vegetables .
She is proud of Barack , though she does n't consider what he has achieved anything too special .
When asked about the prospect of him becoming president , she described it as " just a job " .
But she plans to keep her promise to fly to Washington in January , to see her boy inaugurated .
It wo n't be her first trip to the US .
She saw Barack sworn in as a senator .
She said that the US was " very interesting " — but " very cold " .
Obama 's father — also called Barack Hussein Obama — had once caused her pride too , but just as much consternation .
He was bright , yet easily bored .
He won a place in secondary school , but was expelled for behaving badly .
He eventually finished his schooling by correspondence course , but not before he had a married a young woman called Kezia and had a son and daughter .
Once the course was complete , he met two American women in Nairobi who told him he should apply for a scholarship to study in the US .
He wrote to dozens of US universities and one eventually replied : the University of Hawaii .
He had no idea where Hawaii was — but snapped up the offer of a place .
Leaving his son and pregnant wife with Mama Sarah , he flew to Honolulu .
And it was there he would meet a woman who was the product of the same urge he himself had felt — the urge to move westward and start over .
Stanley Ann Dunham was named after a father who had yearned for his first child to be a boy — and for much else .
Dunham — the new president 's other grandfather — had been born into small - town Depression - era Kansas , but he dreamed bigger .
Wild in his youth , " dabbling in moonshine , cards and women " , according to Obama 's memoir , Dunham would not be contained by Wichita .
He eloped with his sweetheart , Madelyn , enlisted after Pearl Harbour and fought in General Patton 's army in France before hopping westward , always hoping for something better , from Texas to California and finally , when offered a job as a furniture salesman in America 's newest state , to Hawaii .
These , then , were the backstories of the young African man and the 18 - year - old girl who would meet on a Russian language course in Honolulu .
They could not have been more different .
He was a son of the Luo tribe who , when not in school , had herded his father 's goats ; she was the daughter of white Protestant prairie folk from the American heartland .
And yet they fell in love .
They married and in 1961 they had a child , who would also be called Barack Hussein Obama .
The marriage did not last .
Obama
Sr took up a scholarship in Harvard — alone — and eventually went back to Africa .
He would go on to marry two other women , one of them American , and have a total of seven other children .
He would return to Hawaii , to see his son and namesake , only once — a month - long visit when Obama Jr was 10 years old .
In Kenya , Obama
Sr landed a senior post in the ministry of economic planning in Jomo Kenyatta 's government .
Tribalism hindered his progress : the Obamas are Luos , while Kikuyus had a tight grip on political power .
But that was not the whole of it .
According to those who knew him at the time , Obama
Sr grew too fond of Scotch , loudly boasting of his brains and talent , before going home drunk every night .
Towards the end of his life Obama Sr had spent most of his savings .
He became depressed , pushing most of his children away .
But alcohol was to be his undoing .
In 1982 the elder Barack Hussein Obama died in the last of a series of serious car accidents .
He had not lived to see the remarkable fruit of his own improbable journey westward .
Barack Obama and his father , also named Barack Obama ..
Photograph : Obama for America / AP
The second Barack Hussein Obama came into the world on August 4 1961 at the Kapi'olani Medical Center for Women and Children in Honolulu , Hawaii .
By the time he was two years old his father had gone , his place in Ann Dunham 's affections soon replaced by another foreign student at the University of Hawaii , an Indonesian named Lolo .
Always restless , she decided to leave Honolulu so that she and her son , now barely six , could be with her new husband and start a new life in the east .
She arrived in Indonesia in a spirit of blissful " innocence " that her son would later marvel at with something less than admiration .
Ann seemed only vaguely aware that the country was in turmoil , that just a few months earlier a coup attempt had been thwarted after which hundreds of thousands of people had been killed .
Ever wide - eyed and hopeful , she believed individuals could shape their own future , regardless of whatever barriers history and geography might put in the way .
By all accounts the young Obama — Barry Soetoro as he was then , taking the name of his new stepfather — embraced his new surroundings with enthusiasm .
When his mother wanted him to take a nap after school , he would sneak out to play in the muddy lanes of Jakarta , stopping for a swim with the local boys in the dirty pond known as the " empang " .
Former classmates and teachers describe " Berry " — Barry with an Indonesian lilt — as inquisitive and fun-loving , even then displaying a precocious talent for leadership .
At St Franciskus Assisi Catholic school , the first he attended , his teacher Israella Pereira Darmawalla , 64 , spotted it immediately .
" He was a natural leader , " she told the Guardian .
" Before the children would come into class they would line up .
Berry would inspect them and make sure they were straight , giving orders in Indonesian .
No one told him to do it . "
Those who remember him talk of a boy full of energy , building up a sweat as he hared around the playground , teasing the girls , attracting attention not only because of his dark skin and curly hair but because he was also left - handed — regarded as an extreme oddity in the ultra - conservative Indonesia of the 1960s .
" Berry really stood out , " said Ati Kisyanto , 46 , a classmate at the Basuki government elementary school .
" He was much bigger than us .
All the Indonesian kids were skinny and small .
Berry was very chubby and had long , curly eyelashes .
But from the start he fitted right in . "
Sword fights with bamboo sticks and football were favourite pastimes in the lanes outside Obama 's first home .
There he and Lolo kept turtles , a monkey and even a baby crocodile — once deployed by the young Berry to scare off some local boys who were causing trouble .
" They never came back , " recalls neighbour , Ronny Amir , now 47 .
Instruction came from his stepfather .
Berry once sustained an egg - sized lump on his head , thanks to a stone hurled at him after he'd chased a boy who ran off with his ball .
Lolo promptly produced a pair of boxing gloves , as he prepared to teach Berry that he had to be strong to survive in a tough world .
" Men take advantage of weakness in other men , " Lolo told Berry , according to Dreams from My Father .
" They 're just like countries in that way .
Better to be strong . "
By the third year , Obama , now registered as a Muslim after his stepfather 's religion — but educated in a non-religious school , not the madrasa that would later be claimed — gave another glimpse of his embryonic ambition .
Darmawalla asked her pupils each to write a poem entitled My Dreams .
May 18 2008 : Barack Obama speaks to a crowd at Waterfront Park in Portland , Oregon .
Photograph : Justin Sullivan / Getty Images
" The others said they wanted to be doctors , nurses or soldiers , " the former teacher says now .
" Berry wrote that he wanted to be a president one day . "
Read the second part of the Obama story here
AV says :
Despite anyone finding a lost wallet having 10 days by law to return it , NYPD is using entrapment techniques to immediately arrest anyone who picks up planted wallets and bags which are now seeded with credit cards to make it a felony ( instead of just cash which was a misdomeaner ) .
Over half the people arrested had no previous criminal record whatsoever .
The cops were ordered to stop " Operation Lucky Bag " by the court but apparently it continues with officers now instructed to writeup " suspicious behavior . "
NY Times excerpt :
In February , Aquarius Cheers , a 31 - year - old Manhattan man who said he was on a shopping expedition with his wife , spotted a Verizon shopping bag with a cellphone and iPod inside at the 59th Street station of the No. 1 train .
As he was looking in the bag , a train arrived .
Mr. Cheers said he and his wife boarded , rushed past a uniformed officer , bringing along the bag with the intention of looking for a receipt .
Undercover officers then grabbed him .
After his case was reported by NY1 , the prosecutors vacated the charges .
In my life , I 've found and returned three or four lost wallets and purses .
But the next time I see a lost wallet , I 'm going to assume it 's a decoy and walk by without doing anything about it .
It 's just too risky .
Link | More
Skip to comments .
Boycott of FOX
Vanity | 11-06-08 | Veritas 2002
Posted on by veritas2002
I propose that we punish the FOX Network for its hatchet job on Sarah Palin .
For one week beginning at 3:00 PM today no one tunes them in .
We will demonstrate the power of conservatives when their ratings plummet dramatically .
Will you join me ?
TOPICS :
News / Current Events
Your Opinion / Questions
KEYWORDS :
boycottfox
cameron
crushfox
defendpalin
fox
foxcnnmsnbc
foxnews
palin
protectpalin
To : veritas2002
I joined the boycott 3 months ago .
To : veritas2002
To : veritas2002
I ’m done with Teevee .
Let them all go to hell .
To : veritas2002
I am with you all the way my friend ... i hope FOX goes off the air ... hate em now ...
To : veritas2002
Count me in .
I have been very unhappy with them lately !
by 6 posted onby NRA2BFree ( FAITH IS DARING THE SOUL TO GO BEYOND WHAT THE EYES CAN SEE . )
To : veritas2002
It would be easy .
Nearly every show on FNC is unwatchable these days .
.... for quite a while , in fact .
To : albie
Ha , I ’ve been on a TV news “ boycott ” since the 2004 election .
by 8 posted onby Carling ( After the post- election GOP attacks against Gov. Palin , I am sad to say I am leaving the party ..)
To : veritas2002
I ’m in .
To : veritas2002
I started last week .
by 10 posted onby pgkdan ( " White folks greed runs a world in need , " Jeremiah Wright as quoted by Barack Obama )
To : veritas2002
fauxNEWS - We Distort , You Comply
To : MountainWoman
What a bunch of turncoats you are .
Do n’t like what you hear , let ’s boycott .
Give me a break .
You boycott your family members when they do n’t agree with you or say something you do n’t want to hear ?
Hey , do n’t watch
Fox if you do n’t like it , but tossing out boycott is petty
by 12 posted onby GerardKempf ( Let 's Get Over This )
To : veritas2002
I think we are already boycotting all MSN , including FOX !
To : albie
Noob !
I quit watching tv news 3 years ago . ;o )
by 14 posted onby yooling ( The MSM is to Obama as Ron Santo is to the Cubs )
To : veritas2002
YES .
Send this to FOX .
I am DONE until the hatchet job on Sarah Palin stops being tabloid journalism in place of news .
Maybe longer .
by 15 posted onby silverleaf ( Fasten your seat belts - it 's going to be a BUMPY ride . )
To : veritas2002
Who will know if I do n’t tune in ?
To : veritas2002
We do n't watch any of the entertainment " news " stations , and have n't for ages .
Sorry we can't help .
To : veritas2002
too late ......... I wrote them off months ago
by 18 posted onby Carley ( Vote McCain / Palin ..... Change babies can live with . )
To : veritas2002
only if this action guarantees that Shep Smith be ‘ promoted ’ to replace Mario Lopez ’s gig searching for pet talent
To : veritas2002
I ’ve been boycotting for about two years .
Faux is a joke other than Neil Cavuto .
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
Last night , I wrote a post , “ Republicans are dumping McCcain — and dumping on him , ” based on a New York Times article chock full of GOPers trashing their nominee .
The article is worth a read .
And , while the GOP interviewees say McCain can still win , that ’s perfunctory .
They do n’t mean it .
Republicans across the country are starting to really panic over McCain ’s erratic campaign and what it means for their party at all levels .
Of course , this is not all McCain ’s fault .
Republicans , under the leadership of George W. Bush , have done enormous damage to our country .
And , Bush was the culmination of decades of failed and broken GOP policies .
The 2008 elections are as much about rejecting the Republican brand as they are about defeating John McCain .
Republicans want to blame McCain for the current situation , instead of acknowledging their role in the failed economy , the endless wars and the loss of American prestige in the world .
That ’s why so many Republicans are trashing McCain .
He ’s their scapegoat .
We ’ve been seeing more of these articles with Republicans bad - mouthing McCain .
Today ’s NY Times article gives a national perspective .
But , this morning , we ’re treated to a Florida specific version .
Jed pointed us to this article in the Miami Herald — even Charlie Crist , who at one time was challenging Lindsey Graham for the role of McCain ’s biggest cheerleader — is keeping his distance :
” There are a lot of folks who have never been in a foxhole before and are clearly nervous , ” said Brian Ballard , a major McCain fundraiser .
“ There is some finger - pointing going on a little bit too soon . ”
Even Gov. Charlie Crist , who helped deliver Florida for McCain during the primary , said he will spend the final weeks before Election Day minding the state ’s weak economy rather than campaigning for the Arizona senator .
” When I have time to help , I ’ll try to do that , ” Crist said last week , after he flew around the state with McCain running mate Sarah Palin .
Saturday , he skipped a McCain football rally and instead went to Disney World .
Once considered a potential running mate , Crist had pledged to do all he could for McCain and spent several days this summer campaigning for the Republican nominee in and outside Florida .
He faults the tough economic times for McCain ’s difficult time in Florida , where he trails rival Barack Obama by about 5 percentage points in the polls .
No Republican has won the White House in modern times without carrying Florida .
The last to lose the state was McCain ’s former colleague , Sen. Bob Dole , in 1996 .
Some Republicans say the state party has n’t done enough , while others blame McCain ’s national campaign .
Roger Stone , a longtime McCain supporter , said the state party and the national campaign bear almost equal blame .
” This effort lacks coordination and a cooperative spirit and it ’s showing , ” Stone said .
“ But it ’s more than mechanics .
The campaign has no consistent message . ”
Now is the time to push even harder for total victory up - and - down the ballot .
The GOP is in disarray .
They ’re panicking .
Democrats have to redouble their efforts for Obama , Senate and House candidates , the Governors and the state legislative candidates .
With our opponents on the ropes , we ca n’t back down .
We have to hit even harder .
This election is shaping up to be a total repudiation of the Republican Party .
Let ’s all make sure that happens .
" There was smoke coming from around the door , but I do n't know whether that was because of the door being broken down .
They evacuated people from the house .
It 's a bit scary to have this happen on your doorstep , nothing like this has ever happened round here before . "
Yahoo Inc. co-founder and Chief Executive Jerry Yang will step down after the company finds a replacement , closing a tumultuous and short tenure during which Yahoo rejected an offer from Microsoft Corp .'s to buy it .
Yahoo Chairman Roy Bostock and Mr. Yang , who will stay on as a senior executive and board member , have been discussing for weeks the possibility the CEO might step aside , said people familiar with the matter .
His impending exit leaves much unresolved for the Internet company , which has been fighting a battle to ...
Tonight is the full moon , and according to several scientific studies that means you 're far more likely to be the victim of a crime or creamed in an accident .
I 'd always assumed it was an urban legend that the full moon coincided with a rise in human weirdness .
But some scientists believe there is factual evidence ( see chart ) that human behavior takes a swerve for the worse during these werewolfish days .
Indian medical researchers CP
Thakur and Dilip Sharma published an article in the British Medical Journal in 1984 where they demonstrated that incidents of crime were far higher on full moon days - that 's their chart , above .
They based their work on four years of police reports from three towns :
One rural , one urban , and one industrial .
Apparently poisonings were particularly popular on full moon days , but crimes of all types rose by a significant amount .
Several years later , they published another article in the same journal about the rise in animal attacks during the full moon .
Thakur and Sharma blame " human tidal waves " for the rise in crime .
They believe that the full moon exerts more gravity on the water in human bodies , disturbing our biological processes .
That rationale may sound a bit like poppycock , but their statistics remain intriguing .
And other researchers take the correlation between moon cycles and crime seriously too .
Advertisement
Brighton , UK Police determined last year that they would beef up numbers of patrolling officers on nights of the full moon because their research showed a strong connection between that and violent crime ( payday also caused a rise in crime ) .
According to the BBC :
In 1998 , a three - month psychological study of 1,200 inmates at Armley jail in Leeds discovered a rise in violent incidents during the days either side of a full moon .
Advertisement
And insurance companies have also done studies that suggest there 's a correlation between accidents and the full moon .
Back in 2003 , Bloomberg reported :
Car accidents occur 14 percent more often on average during a full moon than a new moon , according to a study of 3 million car policies by the U.K.'s Churchill Insurance Group Plc .
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
But psychologist Ivan Kelly , a researcher at the University of Saskatchewan in Canada , says the whole idea is bunk .
He 's reviewed nearly 50 scientific studies of the relationship between a full moon and changes in human behavior , and has found nothing but shoddy research as well as a tendency to confuse correlation and causation .
He told National Geographic :
The studies are not consistent .
For every positive study , there is a negative study .
Journalists pay too much attention to finding sensational news or news that will support interesting results .
Hence [ they ] ignore the findings of studies and tend to prefer stories or anecdotes from policemen or nurses .
Advertisement
Celeb psychiatrist Glenn Wilson suggested people 's behavior might change at the full moon , but not due to any sort of " human tidal wave " shenanigans :
There is good reason to believe that people 's personalities do change around the time of the full moon , not because of any astronomical force , but because it creates the optimum lighting conditions for feeling carefree and mischievous .
Advertisement
So if you 're feeling a little mischievous tonight , it might be the full moon .
Or it might just be the fact that you read some sensationalistic articles about how the full moon affects people 's behavior .
Moon image via NASA .
Now , we know this is n’t exactly a model definition of a robot , but we liked it so much we decided to include it anyway .
Perfect for the wandering minstrel or Deadhead in your life , is the Walking House .
Using solar panels , micro windmills and a wood stove , the house is pretty self sufficient .
The house also crawls along at 60 meters an hour .
The designers envision creating an entire walking village , much like nomads , gypsies or Deadheads .
Created by Danish designers N55 , the house can be yours for a mere $ 51,000 .
I guess only Deadheads with trust funds can actually afford one .
Link via ( Gizmodo )
More photos and a video after the break .
Warning !
You are not logged in .
Your favorites will be lost when you leave the site .
To save your favorites for later , log in now or create an account .
After all the effort of getting your users interested in your product / service , the last thing you want is for them to exit your site because form validations were an afterthought .
Losing Conversions from Indian Street Addresses
After all the effort of getting your users interested in your product / service , the last thing you want is for them to exit your site because form validations were an afterthought .
For the last few weeks at Learnhub I ’ve been trying to optimize the conversion rate of our school application form .
This form is lengthy compared to most and we required that potential students entered their home address .
As an experiment , we hooked up Google Analytics to track every time a validation error happened .
We were surprised to discovered that 20 % of users failed to enter their street address properly and half of those users then exited the site .
This was a big warning sign that our validations need improvement .
So we began to look into why this is happening in more detail .
We realized that our indian users were skipping the address not because they did n’t want to share it but because Indian addresses are really complicated .
In India , especially in smaller towns , street address ’s are not as established as other parts of the world .
If they did know it , it frequently looked like this : 83 , LAXMI APPT . , SEC -5 , PLOT NO - 27/8 , ROHINI .
Asking someone to type that out is a usability nightmare .
From this data we now had a new starting point for improving conversions : by making the process of entering address easier or by making the field optional .
How Did We Track Validation Errors with Google Analytics ?
In Google Analytics they have an awesome feature called event tracking that can be easily trigger by on - page javascript .
Our site was developed with Rails so when a field fails to validate , it automatically gets wrapped in a div .
< div class=" fieldWithErrors " > < input id=" question_8_street_address " name= " question_8 [ street_address ] " type =" text " value= " " /> </div>
So we wrote up a tiny script that :
scans the page for any divs with fieldWithErrors grabs the ID of the form field
sends an event to Google Analytics with the label “ Validation Error ” and the value as the fields ID
The script ( prototype ) :
$ $('div.fieldWithErrors ').each( function ( field ) { pageTracker._trackEvent(' Form ' , ' Validation Error ' , field.down ( ).identify ( ) ) ; } ) ;
With this data you can see see how many exited the form , what country they are from , validations per user , etc .
Fixing the Problem Fields
It may be beneficial to minimize the required fields to get that initial commitment .
Just like the old sales adage , if you can get the customer to say yes the first time it will be easier to get them to say yes later on for the bigger commitment .
Making fields a requirement is always a tough balance between hurting the forms usability and getting the information you want .
If you do decided to skip the tough questions early on , a process could be set up to get the needed information later on from something like a follow - up email or secondary form .
Either way it helps to have the analytics data to back it up those decisions .
Underskriftskampanje mot uadressert reklame
Er du lei av reklame i postkassa ?
Da bør du lese videre .
Forslag til ny markedsføringslov skal vedtas i Stortinget i 2008 .
I forslaget er dagens ordning med reservasjon opprettholdt , slik at de som ikke ønsker å motta reklame selv må sørge for å si fra om dette ved å sette en ” nei takk ” - lapp på postkassa .
Kampanjen Neitakk .no krever at dette prinsippet snus , slik at de som ønsker reklame heller markerer dette med å si ja takk .
Syns du det er en god idé ?
Skriv under og send oppfordringen videre til alle du kjenner .
Saken avgjøres i Stortinget den 20.11.2008 .
Grønn Hverdag har vært på høring i Familie - og kulturkomiteen og overlevert underskriftene , men det er fremdeles viktig å holde trykket oppe for å synliggjøre at vi er mange som ønsker en ordning der bare de som merker postkassa med " Ja takk " skal kunne motta uadressert reklame !
Ditt navn :
Din e-post - adresse : Din hjemkommune : Ja , jeg ønsker å motta informasjon fra kampanjen Neitakk .
no
Felter markert med fet skrift må fylles ut .
Å motta informasjon fra kampanjen krever utfylling av e-post - adresse .
Foreløpig har 54590 personer skrevet under .
Se alle underskriftene her !
Les nyheter om kampanjen på Grønn Hverdags nettsider !
Mens vi venter på lovendringen , kan du reservere deg mot uadressert reklame ved å sette et nei takk - klistremerke på postkassa .
Bestill klistremerke her , eller lag din egen lapp og heng den opp .
www.neitakk.no er et grønn hverdag - prosjekt
www.neitakk.no er utviklet av apario
Scientists have discovered that a bone infection is caused by a newly described species of bacteria that is related to the tuberculosis pathogen .
The discovery may help improve the diagnosis and treatment of similar infections , according to an article published in the International Journal of Systematic and Evolutionary Microbiology .
Some rare genetic diseases can make patients susceptible to infections with Mycobacterium species , the bacteria that amongst other diseases , cause tuberculosis and leprosy .
These patients often suffer from recurring mycobacterial infections throughout their whole lives .
Because of this , researchers are trying to identify unusual species that cause disease in order to improve treatment strategies .
" We isolated an unknown species of bacteria from a 7 year old child who has a genetic immune defect , " said Dr Didi Bang from Statens Serum Institut in Copenhagen , Denmark .
" The infection had caused bone lesions and this is where we found the newly described bacteria . "
Mycobacterial infections can be very difficult to treat .
The bacteria have unique cell walls that protect them from several antibiotics .
As well as being resistant to treatment , they can also survive attack with acids , alkalis and detergents .
Most mycobacterial infections can be treated with antibiotics such as clarithromycin and rifamycins , but some species are becoming resistant to these antibiotics , so new drugs for treatments must be developed .
" Initial tests suggested we had found a Mycobacterium .
By sequencing some of the bacterium 's genes we showed that we had discovered an undescribed species , " said Dr Bang .
" We called the bacterium Mycobacterium arosiense .
The name comes from Arosia , the Latin name of the city of Aarhus in Denmark , which is where the bacterium was first found .
We showed the position of the new bacterium on the Mycobacterium family tree by sequencing genes and comparing them to related bacteria . "
The new pathogen is closely related to Mycobacterium intracellulare and Mycobacterium avium , which cause a lung disease similar to tuberculosis in people , especially those with weak immune systems such as HIV patients that are immunologically suppressed .
It is rod -shaped and grows slowly .
" Mycobacterium arosiense can be killed by several antibiotics in the
lab , including clarithromycin and rifamycins .
However , resistance to
fluoroquinolones and isoniazid was observed , " said Dr Bang .
" Little knowledge is available on performing resistance tests on mycobacteria other than tuberculosis . "
" We hope that this discovery will help doctors to diagnose similar diseases in the future and that further investigation may improve the treatment of people with similar infections . "
Article : ' Mycobacterium arosiense sp. nov. , a slowly growing ,
scotochromogenic species causing osteomyelitis in an immunocompromised child ' , International Journal of Systematic and Evolutionary Microbiology , October 2008
A woman who claims she was sexually abused by her Mormon stepfather 20 years ago wants to sue the church for failing to report the abuse to police .
The woman is seeking an extension of the statute of limitations in the NSW Supreme Court so she can sue the church , which she says failed in its duty of care by not telling police of the alleged abuse .
The 36 - year - old woman , who can not be named for legal reasons , says she was abused by her stepfather , an elder in a Queensland chapter of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - Day Saints , between 1986 and 1988 .
The court was told on Monday that the woman 's mother reported the abuse to the church in Ipswich , south of Brisbane , and her stepfather was expelled after an internal review .
However , the defendant says that is where the matter ended for the church , and the abuse continued when the family moved to Wagga Wagga , in southern NSW , in 1989 .
The abuse finally stopped later that year when she moved out of home , and the court was told she reported the matter to Wagga Wagga police a decade later .
Before Justice Carolyn Simpson , the woman 's lawyer Eugene Romaniuk said that under existing NSW and Queensland law , the woman 's right to sue the church had expired some time in the mid-1990s .
Giving evidence on Monday , the woman said she did not know her father had been expelled from the church over the sexual abuse , instead believing he was excommunicated over an affair with a younger woman .
It was not until she read a police record of an interview with her stepfather in 2003 , in which he admitted being expelled for abusing her , that she realised the truth .
Cross -examined by Philip Taylor SC , for the church , the woman denied her stepfather 's statement to police that said she had consented to the sex , which began when she was 14 .
" At 14 , I really do n't know who is interested in that sort of thing .
" It was disgusting . "
She rejected suggestions that police were told of the abuse at the time .
" I was never spoken to by police , " she said .
The woman said church members must have known of the abuse .
" The minute my stepfather said what he did to me , people should have stood up and told police what he 's done to me , " she said .
The hearing continues .
- AAP
After the secret source code for its then - unreleased shooter *
Half Life 2 * showed up on file sharing services in 2003 , game - maker Valve Software cooked up an elaborate ruse with the FBI targeting the German hacker suspected in the leak , even setting up a fake job interview in an effort to lure him to the United States for arrest .
The gambit ultimately failed , and Axel " Ago " Gembe remained safely in Germany .
He was indicted last month in Los Angeles on new charges of creating the Agobot malware , and sharing it with a crew of U.S. hackers who used it to stage denial - of - service attacks in 2003 .
In September 2003 , the source code for the much - anticipated Half Life 2 game turned up online , and Valve 's managing director , Gabe Newell , revealed that the company 's network had been breached .
In a post to the company 's web forum , Newell asked for gamer 's assistance in finding the hackers responsible .
" If you have information about ... the infiltration of our network , please send the details , " Newell wrote .
" There are some pretty obvious places to start with the posts and records in IRC , so if you can point us in the right direction , that would be great . "
Two anonymous sources who'd seen the hack discussed in IRC channels came forward and began feeding the FBI chat transcripts pertaining the breach , according to FBI documents ( . pdf ) freshly unearthed by the Südwestrundfunk , German public radio .
Then , in February 2004 , Valve received an e-mail from " DaGuy@hushmail.com " claiming credit for infiltrating Valve 's network , the documents show .
Though the author denied leaking the source code himself , he described having access to Valve 's systems for six months , and provided technical details that bolstered his claim .
" He claimed that he had hacked into Valve Software 's system only to observe their development of HL2 , " reads an FBI memo sent to German police at the time .
" He claimed that he was careless during an IRC session with a friend , and that members of a group known as myg0t eavesdropped on this conversation and obtained sufficient information to enable them to use his established but unauthorized access into Valve Software 's network .
In fact , myg0t was responsible for the initial public dissemination of the internal Valve Software e-mail and source code . "
Coordinating with the FBI in Seattle , Valve began a correspondence with
DaGuy , who expressed interest in getting a job with the company .
From clues in the e-mail , the FBI identified the aspiring employee as Axel
Gembe , of Schonau , Germany .
In March , several Valve managers staged a 40 - minute " job interview ' with DaGuy over the phone , in which the hacker confirmed that he was Gembe .
Gembe detailed how he'd cracked the company 's network , first entering through an account that had no password , then ramping up to root access using remote CGI exploits and scanning software .
After the interview , the then - 21 - year - old Gembe sent the company his résumé .
" Well , I really hope you hire me , " he wrote .
" I 'm no bad guy , just a little misguided . "
Newell passed the resume along to the feds , then invited Gembe to travel to Seattle for a follow - up interview in person .
" We pay for all interview related expenses ( travel , hotel , food , etc. ... ) as well as relocation expenses ( pretty standard for the game business ) . "
The same Seattle FBI office had successfully used an identical gambit in 2001 , when they created a fake startup company called Invita , and lured two known Russian hackers to the U.S. for a job interview , where they were arrested .
Perhaps sensing that his relocation expenses would be shouldered by U.S. taxpayers , Gembe did n't take the bait .
He was ultimately charged in Germany , where he was sentenced to probation .
The feds have n't forgotten Gembe , however .
And last month federal prosecutors in Los Angeles added him to an old case involving Jay Echouafni , 41 , an online satellite TV
retailer who allegedly paid an employee to organize crippling distributed denial - of - service attacks against competing websites in
2003 .
The employee , Paul Ashley , pleaded guilty to the attacks and has already served a two - year prison term , while Echouafni skipped out on
$ 750,000 bail and is now believed to be hiding out in Morocco , where he was born .
Axel Gambe is named in the new indictment as the creator of the
Agobot malware , which he allegedly provided for use in the attacks .
It 's not clear if prosecutors are seeking to extradite Gambe , or if they 're prepping another job offer .
The first ballot box in the 2008 US President election has closed , and it ’s looking good for Obama , at least with 15 of 21 votes cast in Dixville Notch .
Dixville Notch is a village with a population of approximately 75 in the Dixville township of Coos County , New Hampshire , but is best known as the first place to declare its results during United States presidential elections .
While Dixville Notch is n’t a great predictor of elections , the village has consistently leaned Republican , and the last time it gave a majority vote to the Democrats was for Hubert Humphrey over Richard Nixon in 1968 .
Obama loyalists will be hoping that the result is a sign of things to come .
The images , which are otherwise almost indistinguishable from the genuine notes , have been produced as part of a campaign to prevent women from the former Soviet state from seeking to work illegally in the EU .
President Saakashvili is coming under renewed criticism
President Mikhail Saakashvili of Georgia has announced that he is replacing his prime minister .
" We took a joint decision with Lado Gurgenidze that he will no longer serve as prime minister , " the president told a meeting of MPs .
He did not say why the decision was made .
It is not clear if it was linked to Georgia 's war with Russia in August .
Mr Saakashvili said he was promoting Georgia 's ambassador to Turkey , Grigol Mgaloblishvili , to prime minister .
Mr Mgaloblishvili , 35 , will be asked to submit a new list of cabinet ministers for parliament 's approval .
The president said Mr Gurgenidze , a former banker who has been in office for a year , would head a new financial commission focusing on the stabilisation of Georgia 's financial system .
The conflict in August has dented investor confidence and damaged the country 's previously healthy growth .
Last week Western donors pledged $ 4.5 bn ( £ 2.7bn ; 3.5 bn euros ) to help rebuild Georgia .
Lado Gurgenidze has held the PM 's post for less than a year
The conflict in the region began on 7 August when Georgia tried to retake its breakaway region of South Ossetia by force after a series of lower - level clashes with Russian - backed rebels .
Russia launched a counter - attack and the Georgian troops were ejected from both South Ossetia and Abkhazia , a second breakaway region , days later .
Russian forces remain in the two regions , and Moscow has backed their declarations of independence .
Georgia 's opposition parties swung behind the government during the fighting , but have since resumed criticism of Mr Saakashvili .
Some factions have called for street protests on 7 November , the first anniversary of a police crackdown against opposition demonstrators .
- Search - Users Labs Protocols News Archive Blog Archive Forum
Search
Firefox
Internet Explorer 7
Safari ( Mac and PC )
You are not using a standards compliant browser .
Because of this you may notice minor glitches in the rendering of this page .
Please upgrade to a compliant browser for optimal viewing :
Press Release
Study finds that searching the Internet increases brain function
Thanks to University of California - Los Angeles for this article .
This press release was posted to serve as a topic for discussion .
Please comment below .
We try our best to only post press releases that are associated with peer reviewed scientific literature .
Critical discussions of the research are appreciated .
If you need help finding a link to the original article , please contact us on twitter or via e-mail .
Comments Page : 1 George W.armonger
Guest Comment Guest Comment Tue , Oct 14 , 2008 , 4:00 pm CDT
The old addage of " Use it or lose it "
Stanly Yelnats
Tue , Oct 14 , 2008 , 5:02 pm CDT George ,
There are somethings you can not use and not loose .
Stanly Yelnats
Brian Krueger , PhD
Columbia University Medical Center Columbia University Medical Center Tue , Oct 14 , 2008 , 6:29 pm CDT
Spending a couple hours every day populating the news feed for this site must make me a genius ...
Old Crumudgeon
Guest Comment Tue , Oct 14 , 2008 , 10:24 pm CDT
Why .... let me tell you something ... when old curmudgeons like me were in our 50's and 70's we did n't have no internet to search for information .
We had to walk ten miles down to the library , in the snow , and search ALL WEEK for the information ...
AND WE LIKED IT .
We did n't need no fancy magnetic resonance imaging ( fMRI ) scans to tell us we was getting any smarter neither .
Page : 1 Add Comment ?
Comments are closed 2 weeks after initial post .
This press release has been viewed 16445 time (s ) .
Barbara Walters : Michelle & Barack Obama Interview
sat down withand President - electto tape an hour long interview that aired on ABC on Wednesday night .
The special touched on the transition , the economy , foreign policy and how the family will cope with the major changes to their lives .
Walters found the couple to be " cute " and " very funny " .
Barack paused during the interview to point out to his wife that she had lipstick on her teeth .
Michelle and Barack both insist the girls will be in charge of making their own beds and cleaning their rooms at the White House , as well as walking their new dog and scooping the resultant ' doggy doo ' .
Family photos here .
- video encodings still in process -
An elegant , eight - dimensional pattern may at last reveal the link between gravity and the other fundamental forces in the universe .
LINK :
A woman trying to retrieve a camera taken by an Israeli settler gets punched in the face by him for her troubles .
Solar Eclipse Page
eclipse.gsfc.nasa.gov/solar.html
More on Eclipses at www.nasa.gov/eclipse
Google Maps are not working at present ; we are working on a replacement .
Solar Eclipses : Past and Future
The following links give information on all eclipses of the Sun and Moon from 2000 through the current year .
Eclipses During : | 2001 | 2002 | 2003 | 2004 | 2005 | 2006 | 2007 | 2008 | 2009 | 2010 | | 2011 | 2012 | 2013 | 2014 | 2015 | 2016 |
Dates , maps and details for 5000 years of solar eclipses can be found in :
The Javascript Solar Eclipse Explorer lets you calculate the visibility of solar eclipses from any city for hundreds of years in the past and future :
Search for solar eclipses by date interval , type , and magnitude , and plot the results on Google maps :
Other useful links to past and future solar eclipses are as follows .
Solar Eclipses : 2011 - 2020
The table below lists every solar eclipse from 2011 through 2020 .
Click on any of the following values to link to additional information or maps :
Calendar Date - link to global map showing eclipse visibility
- link to global map showing eclipse visibility TD of Greatest Eclipse - link to animation of the Moon 's penumbral and umbral shadows across Earth
- link to animation of the Moon 's penumbral and umbral shadows across Earth Eclipse Type - link to Google Map of eclipse path
- link to Google Map of eclipse path Saros Series - link to table of all eclipses in this the Saros cycle
- link to table of all eclipses in this the Saros cycle Central Duration - link to table of geographic coordinates for the path of a total , annular or hybrid eclipse
- link to table of geographic coordinates for the path of a total , annular or hybrid eclipse Geographic Region of Eclipse Visibility - link to detailed description of an eclipse from RASC Observer 's Handbook
The Key to Solar Eclipse Table contains a detailed description of each item in the table .
Geographic abbreviations ( used above ) : n = north , s = south , e = east , w = west , c = central
Decade Tables of Solar Eclipses
Each link in the following table displays a page containing 10 years of eclipses .
Every eclipse has links of global maps , interactive Google maps , animations , path coordinate tables , and Saros tables .
Twenty Year Solar Eclipse Path Tables ( w/ Google Maps )
Each of the following links displays a table containing 20 years of total , annular and hybrid eclipses .
Each eclipse offers links to a global map , shadow animation , interactive Google map , path coordinates table , and Saros table .
Five Millennium Catolog of Solar Eclipses
Each link in the following table displays a web page containing 100 years of eclipses .
Every eclipse has links of global maps , central paths plotted on Google Maps , Saros series tables , and Besselian elements .
These tables are part of the Five Millennium Catalog of Solar Eclipses : - 1999 to +3000
Maps of Solar Eclipse Paths
The World Atlas of Solar Eclipse Paths features maps showing the paths of all total , annular and hybrid eclipses .
Each map in the atlas covers a 20 - year period .
The atlas spans five millennia from - 1999 to +3000 ( 2000 BCE to 3000 CE ) .
For eclipse maps covering other decades , see World Atlas of Solar Eclipse Paths .
Solar Eclipse Catalogs
Solar Eclipses - Special Interest
Safe Eclipse Viewing and Photography
Special Features
Dedicated Solar Eclipse Web Pages
NASA Solar Eclipse Publications Online
The Five Millennium Canon of Solar Eclipses contains maps of every solar eclipse from - 1999 to +3000 ( 2000 BCE to 3000 CE ) .
The supplemental Five Millennium Catalog of Solar Eclipses contains 201 pages of tables giving details for each eclipse .
The Fifty Year Canon of Solar Eclipses contains maps of every solar eclipse from 1986 to 2035 along with path coordinate tables for all central eclipses .
NASA 's Solar Eclipse Bulletins were special publications issued periodically that focused on major upcoming solar eclipses .
Each bulletin contained detailed eclipse predictions , local circumstances , maps and climatological data along the eclipse path .
The NASA eclipse bulletins ended with the 2010 eclipse bulletin .
Additional eclipse publications :
RASC Observer 's Handbook :
[ 1996 ] [ 1996 ] [ 1997 ] [ 1998 ] [ 1999 ] [ 2000 ]
[ 2001 ] [ 2002 ] [ 2003 ] [ 2004 ] [ 2005 ] [ 2006 ] [ 2007 ] [ 2008 ] [ 2009 ] [ 2010 ]
[ 2011 ] [ 2012 ] [ 2013 ] [ 2014 ]
Reproduction of Eclipse Data
All eclipse calculations are by Fred Espenak , and he assumes full responsibility for their accuracy .
Some of the information presented on this web site is based on data originally published in :
Fifty Year Canon of Solar Eclipses : 1986 - 2035
Five Millennium Canon of Solar Eclipses : - 1999 to +3000 ( 2000 BCE to 3000 CE )
Five Millennium Catalog of Solar Eclipses : - 1999 to +3000 ( 2000 BCE to 3000 CE )
Permission is freely granted to reproduce this data when accompanied by an acknowledgment :
" Eclipse Predictions by Fred Espenak , NASA GSFC Emeritus "
For more information , see : NASA Copyright Information
It 's no surprise that we have n't heard much about the Tokeneer project .
After all , Tokeneer was developed for the U.S. National Security Agency ( NSA ) , an outfit known for keeping things secret .
Which makes it even more surprising that not only did the NSA acknowledge Tokeneer 's existence , but they released it as open source software .
In a nutshell , Tokeneer is a proof - of - concept of what 's called " high - assurance software engineering . "
Secure software , in other words .
Software you can trust .
Software that must work correctly or else the consequences could be calamitous .
And software that 's written in Adayes , Adaand developed using Praxis High Integrity Systems ( www.praxis-his.com) Correctness - by - Construction ( CbyC ) methodology , the SPARK Ada language ( www.sparkada.com), and AdaCore 's GNAT Pro environment ( www.adacore.com).
The project demonstrates how to meet or exceed all those things that are necessary to achieve high assurance , such as Evaluation Assurance Level 5 in the Common Criteria ( whatever that is ) .
All in all , Tokeneer was created in just 260 - person days , and implemented in about 10,000 lines of code .
Originally a subset of the Ada language , SPARK Ada is designed in such a way that all SPARK programs are legal Ada programs .
No less than Tony Hoare , Fellow of the Royal Society of Microsoft Research , says that " the Tokeneer project is a milestone in the transfer of program verification technology into industrial application .
Publication of the full documents for the project has provided unprecedented experimental material for yet further development of the technology by pure academic research .
It will serve as a touchstone to chart and measure progress of the basic science of programming , on which the technology is based . "
Tokeneer is aimed at both the industrial and academic communities , forming an base for research in program verification and as a high - level teaching aid for educators .
You can download the entire Tokeneer project , including requirements , security target , specifications , designs , source code , and proofs at www.adacore.com/home/gnatpro/tokeneer/.
About the same time , IntellaSys ( www.intellasys.net) unveiled its 40 - core processor designed for embedded wireless , portable , and distributed data processing applications .
The 40C18 is an array of 40 fully functional CPUs operating asynchronously , each of the cores a complete computer , with its own ROM , RAM , and interprocessor communication .
Together they can deliver up to 26 billion operations per second .
So how do you program such a device ?
Easy .
In FORTH .
That 's right , FORTH .
IntellaSys is releasing the processor along with VentureForth , a FORTH - based IDE that includes fully interactive programming , testing , and debugging facilities .
VentureForth includes compilers for both Windows and Linux and a simulator for debugging , and contains low - level primitives as well as the high - level tools necessary to map programs across the array of cores in a processor .
" The beauty of this single - chip 40 CPU processing solution is that it is completely programmable meaning if a spec changes , it is a code issue , not a silicon turn , " says Chuck Moore , IntellaSys CTO and inventor of the FORTH programming language .
" With 40 cores operating independently on the chip , designers can dedicate groups of them to handle specific tasks .
For example , some could be assigned compute - intensive Fast Fourier Transforms ( FFT ) while others handle wireless connectivity , standard I /O interfaces or drive external memory . "
And then there 's Python ( www.python.org), where the news is that Version 2.6 has been released .
Of course , Python 2.6 is really about laying the groundwork for the upcoming Python 3.0 , which will be a sweeping redesign of the language .
In other words , Python creator Guido van Rossum tells us that " 2.6 is the stepping stone from 2.5 ( or older ) to 3.0 .
If you want to port your Python 2.x code to 3.0 , port it to 2.6 first .
Then turn on the ' - 3 ' option , which spits out warnings about things you need to change in order to work with 3.0 .
Clean those up , then run the 2 - to - 3 source - to - source transformation program , and you should be ready to start the final steps of porting to 3.0 . "
David Goodger of the Python Foundation adds that , " Python 3.0 goes back to the foundations of Python and fixes them .
There are some major changes , for example , to the I/O system and to the text handling ( it is Unicode throughout now ) , but most of the changes are not really revolutionary .
Before Python 3.0 began being worked on , various people maintained lists of Python worts and Python mistakes .
Guido himself had a list of things he wished he had n't done or things he wished he had done differently .
Python 3.0 is actually taking the opportunity to go back and fix these things .
This is something a lot of projects never do . "
No , but it is probably something a lot of projects should do .
Jonathan Erickson
Editor - in - Chief
[ email protected ]
Politicians are ready to introduce league tables naming and shaming the speed with which internet service providers take down offensive material .
The culture minister , Barbara Follett , and her Tory shadow , Ed Vaizey , have backed the idea that web providers must be embarrassed into dealing with violent , sexually explicit web content .
Follett said she wants to see the pre-screening of material on sites such as YouTube , as occurs at present on MySpace .
She admitted there was growing chaos out there on the internet , and order needed to be brought .
She has also admitted barriers aimed at preventing children from accessing over - age material on the internet are not just porous but leak like a sieve .
" People can get straight through it , or straight by it . "
Follett warned : " We must teach children of the dangers of the internet .
It is sad to make children more scared than interested , but fortunately the internet is so interesting that children tend to overcome their fear . "
Discussing the internet and video games at a Westminster debate and facing suggestions that the industry is lax about controlling content , Follett said : " We agree information about take - down times and levels of search need to be much clearer . "
Asked if she supported league tables of take - down times by internet service providers , she said " name and shame can sometimes can work very well indeed . "
Follett said : " Many people have said that the internet is like the wild west in the gold rush and that sooner or later it will be regulated .
What we need is for it to be regulated sooner rather than later .
" We need the service providers to come forward and show that they are the sort of responsible organisations whose services we can trust to our children . "
She added : " We must ensure that search engines have a clear link to child safety information and safe search settings on the front page of their website . "
She also said she saw " some value in some form of age identity card for the internet .
It is useful when it comes to alcohol and cigarettes and it is certainly useful when it comes to buying video games and other material on the internet . "
She added parents needed " control software to communicate automatically with websites ' age verification systems to prevent children from signing up to sites with false dates of birth . "
In theory social networking sites are not supposed to be accessed by anyone under 13 , but this guideline is totally ignored .
She said she was interested in some form of " age identification card " , or requiring banks to specify on credit card statements that the card had been used to access internet sites or games , so parents could be warned of their child 's activities .
She also said she backed pre-screening of user - generated internet content saying she was glad this was being carried out by MySpace .
" It is that kind of responsible action that we are looking for , as it means people can trust a company . "
Ministers and politicians have been locked in battle with Google , the owners of YouTube , who claim that there is too much material going onto its site for it to be pre-screened .
The proposal for a " take - down " league table is backed by Vaizey .
He said : " The government is in a position to put out the information , and it is up to the internet service providers to react to it .
If they are happy to be 55th in a league table of take - down times so be it . "
Overall , Follett 's remarks suggest she will be more interventionist than some other ministers , although she has stressed she favours the internet and largely thinks self - regulation is best option .
She also insisted there was not yet compellingly persuasive evidence of a link between watching violent video games and subsequent acts of violence .
Ministers have just set up a new child internet safety council following the review conducted for the Department of Children , Schools and Families by Dr Tanya Byron , the psychologist .
Living Africa documents photographer Steve Bloom 's journey across the length and breadth of Africa .
As evidenced by the following images , his travels allow him to achieve an extraordinary intimacy with the people and lanscapes of the continent .
President of WebFX .
Bill has over 25 years of experience in the Internet marketing industry specializing in SEO , UX , information architecture , marketing automation and more .
William 's background in scientific computing and education from Shippensburg and MIT provided the foundation for MarketingCloudFX and other key research and development projects at WebFX .
You can make writing code as complicated as you want , but at the end of the day , all you really need is your favorite , trusty text editor .
You can use a simple one like Microsoft ’s Notepad , but oftentimes it ’s helpful to have a text editor that has syntax highlighting / coloring , support for multiple languages , a robust find and replace feature , and other features and options that make writing code just a tad bit easier .
If you ’re in search of a good , free text editor – you ’ve come to the right place .
Below you ’ll find 12 first - class free text editors that are designed with coders ’ needs in mind .
Whether you use a Windows , Mac , or Linux machine – you ’ll find a few options here that will satisfy your code - authoring needs .
( Windows )
NOTEPAD ++ is the premier replacement for Microsoft ’s Notepad .
It has an auto - completion feature ( for most supported languages ) that guesses what you ’re trying to write , a tabbed interface which is great for working with multiple files without cluttering your task bar , a powerful RegEx find - and - replace feature , code folding , support for a large array of languages ( even Assembler ! ) and much more .
These are just some of the features that make NOTEPAD ++ my personal default text editor .
( Mac , Linux )
Bluefish Editor is a robust , open source text editor geared towards programmers and web designers .
It ’s known as being a fast , lightweight text editor that can open 500 + documents with ease .
It has a built - in function reference browser ( for PHP , Python , CSS , and HTML ) so you can quickly learn about with particular syntaxes .
Check out the Screenshots section to find movies / screencasts ( such as learning about working with remote files ) and screen shots of Bluefish Editor .
( Mac )
TextWrangler is a multi-purpose text editor for the Mac OS .
It is a programmer - friendly text editor and Unix / Server Admin text editor .
It has a useful “ plugin ” system allowing developers a way for extending TextWrangler ’s built - in features .
It also has a function browser so that you can quickly find and jump to the function you ’re looking for ( very helpful for those really long files ) .
( Mac )
Smultron is an easy - to - use text editor .
Its simple interface makes it perfect for the minimalist coder .
It has the basic features you ’d expect from a text editor such as syntax highlighting / coloring but also has cool , helpful features such as the ability to split the viewing pane in two so that you can view files side - by - side , a code snipplet library to allow you to store your often - used code blocks , and a full - screen mode that ’s intended to make you focus on the task at hand .
( Windows )
Caditor is an open source portable text editor written in the .NET framework ( C# ) that puts speed and performance at the forefront of its design .
It has a convenient search box built into the tool bar of the text editor ’s interface so that you do n’t have to open another dialog box to perform a search .
It has other handy features common to developer - oriented text editors such as line numbering , a compiler feature to allow you to hook it up with your compiler , and FTP feature .
( Linux )
gedit is the official text editor of the GNOME desktop .
Unlike Microsoft ’s built - in text editor ( Notepad ) , gedit is a more feature - packed text editor geared towards usage for programming and mark - up .
With its syntax highlighting , tabbed interface for editing multiple files , and spell - checking feature – gedit is an excellent , free text editor for coders .
( Windows , Mac , Linux )
GNU Emacs ( more commonly referred to simply as Emacs ) is a cross-platform , extendable text editor geared towards programmers .
One of its defining features is Emacs ’s ability to be extended – offering you the ability to use it as your project planner and debugger , among other things .
It has a file - comparison feature ( M - x ediff ) that highlights differences between two files ( useful for figuring out changes in a file made by coders who do n’t document / comment their revisions ) .
( Windows )
Crimson Editor is a lightweight text editor for Windows that supports many languages .
It has a “ Macros ” features which lets you record a sequence of tasks so that you can reuse the sequence with a click of a button .
It has a built - in FTP feature , allowing you to upload / download files from your FTP server .
Crimson Editor is a solid option for Windows users .
( Windows )
ConTEXT is another excellent , light - weight , freeware ( meaning it ’s free – but close - sourced ) text editor for Windows .
It has countless of handy features such as text sorting ( helpful when you need to sort things in alphabetical order , for example ) , the ability to export configuration options so that you can share your configuration or import it into several machines , and a macro recorder for repeating a sequence of tasks .
In 2007 , ConTEXT development was turned over to David Hadley but continues to be freeware .
( Windows , Linux )
SciTE , written on top of the open source Scintilla code - editing component , is a speedy text editor aimed for use in source code editing .
It has a standalone .exe version which you can use for portable storage drives ( i.e. USB flash drives ) so that you can conveniently carry it around and use it on any computer without having to install it .
SciTE is compatible with Windows and Linux operating systems and has been tested by the developer on Windows XP and on Fedora 8 and Ubuntu 7.10 .
Komodo Edit
( Windows , Mac , Linux )
Komodo Edit is a freeware , cross- platform text editor created by ActiveState .
It is a simple text editor based on the popular integrated development environment – Komodo IDE .
It has a convenient and flexible Project Manager feature to help you organize and keep track of your project files .
( Windows , Mac , Linux )
jEdit is a text editor that specifically caters to programmers .
It ’s written in Java and runs on any operating system that supports
You can download a ton of plugins ( check out the Plugins Central on jEdit ’s website ) to extend its built - in features .
jEdit was designed to combine the best features of Windows , Mac , and Unix text editors .
Additional Resources
What do you think ?
Find one that you like the best and stick to it , as everything down to the text can influence your clients ’ web reputation whether they are a golf course or a restaurant .
There ’s a ton of text editors out there so be sure to share your experiences and opinions on the text editors above , and if your favorite is n’t on the list – please tell us about it in the comments .
Related Articles
Robert Pattinson on Ellen ( Video )
may be taking the world by storm with his portrayal of vampirein the film adaptation of 's novel Twilight , but the 23 - year - old heartthrob tellshe has trouble in the dating department .
Pattinson tells
Ellen that although he is single , he would like to be in a relationship , but “ No one else seems to want to get into a relationship with me , " he says .
In an online exclusive after the show , Robert talks about his teenage crush and his perfect date .
View video below .
Ladies and gentlemen , Extra Life is THIS Saturday , October 18 , and on that day you will be treated to The SingSterling Challenge , a SingStar marathon to be broadcast LIVE online for your viewing pleasure ... IF we raise $ 5000 .
I have to tell ya kids , we 're not making tracks as I 'd hoped .
We still need to calculate PayPal donations and add the Codies money , but I want more than this .
Remember , you only get 24 hours of SingStar if I make $ 5000 .
As a show of good faith , I have decided that enough has been earned to generate 12 hours of gameplay , but if you want to see me go the whole way and potential brutalize my voice in the process , then you know what needs to be done .
And you really do want to see this go the whole way once you see what songs we have in store .
Such selections as " I Believe In A Thing Called Love , " " Every Rose Has Its Thorn " and " Like A Virgin " all make an appearance .
But I will ONLY perform " Never Gonna Give You Up " as the final song of the 24th hour .
If you want the world 's first live charity Rick Roll , then you need to DONATE .
Once again , thanks to Codemasters and the Damnation / Rise of the Argonauts team for boosting the effort with their $ 1000 donation .
Also , a BIG hand to Wardrox for procuring so many copies of SingStar for the event .
Hit the jump for our full song list , and remember -- you only get the full show if some very sick children get the money they need .
* A-ha - " Take On Me "
* Atomic Kitten - " Eternal Flame "
* Avril Lavigne - " Complicated "
* Blondie - " Heart Of Glass "
* Blue - " One Love "
* Busted - " Crashed The Wedding "
* Carl Douglas - " Kung Fu Fighting "
* Daniel Bedingfield - " If You 're Not The One "
* The Darkness - " I Believe In A Thing Called Love "
* Deee -Lite - " Groove Is In The Heart "
* Dido - " Thank You "
* Elvis Presley - " Suspicious Minds "
* Black Sabbath - " Sabbath Bloody Sabbath "
* Good Charlotte - " Girls & Boys "
* Jamelia - " Superstar "
* Lemar - " 50/50 "
* Liberty X - " Just A Little "
* Madonna - " Like A Virgin "
* Mis-Teeq - " Scandalous "
* Motörhead - " Ace Of Spades "
* Petula Clark - " Downtown "
* Pink - " Get The Party Started "
* Rick Astley - " Never Gonna Give You Up "
* Ricky Martin - " Livin ' La Vida Loca "
* Roy Orbison - " Oh , Pretty Woman "
* S Club - " Do n't Stop Movin ' "
* Sophie Ellis Bextor - " Murder On The Dancefloor "
* Sugababes - " Round Round "
* Village People - " Y.M.C.A . "
* Westlife - " World Of Our Own "
* Alicia Keys - " Fallin ' "
* Ashford & Simpson - " Solid "
* The Beautiful South - " A Little Time "
* Bill Withers - " Ain't No Sunshine "
* Blu Cantrell - " Hit ' Em Up Style ( Oops ! ) "
* Bob Marley - " No Woman No Cry "
* Buggles - " Video Killed The Radio Star "
* Busted - " Year 3000 "
* Cyndi Lauper - " Girls Just Wanna Have Fun "
* Destiny's Child - " Survivor "
* Dido - " White Flag "
* Duran Duran - " Hungry Like The Wolf "
* Elton John & Kiki Dee - " Do n't Go Breaking My Heart "
* Elvis Presley - " Way Down "
* The Foundations - " Build Me Up Buttercup "
* Franz Ferdinand - " Take Me Out "
* George Michael - " Faith "
* Jamiroquai - " Cosmic Girl "
* Javine - " Real Things "
* Kylie Minogue - " I Should Be So Lucky "
* Little Richard - " Tutti Frutti "
* Maroon 5 - " This Love "
* Natasha Bedingfield - " Single "
* Pink - " Just Like A Pill "
* The Police - " Every Breath You Take "
* Scissor Sisters - " Take Your Mama "
* Sonny & Cher - " I Got You Babe "
* Spandau Ballet - " Gold "
* Spice Girls - " Who Do You Think You Are "
* Tiffany - " I Think We 're Alone Now "
* Annie - " Heartbeat "
* Ashlee Simpson - " Pieces Of Me "
* Avril Lavigne - " Sk8er Boi "
* Beyonce - " Crazy In Love "
* Black Eyed Peas - " Shut Up "
* Blink - 182 - " What 's My Age Again "
* The Clash - " Should I Stay Or Should I Go ? "
* Dandy Warhols - " Bohemian Like You "
* Eric B. & Rakim - " Paid In Full "
* Fountains of Wayne - " Stacy 's Mom "
* Girls Aloud - " Love Machine "
* Good Charlotte - " I Just Wanna Live "
* The Hives - " Main Offender "
* Hoobastank - " The Reason "
* Jamelia - " Stop "
* Jay Sean - " Eyes On You "
* Joss Stone - " Super Duper Love ( Are You Digging On Me ? ) "
* Keane - " Somewhere Only We Know "
* Kylie Minogue - " In Your Eyes "
* Marilyn Manson - " Personal Jesus "
* Manfred Man - " Do Wah Diddy "
* McFly - " Obviously "
* Natasha Bedingfield - " These Words "
* Outkast - " Roses "
* Robbie Williams - " Let Me Entertain You "
* Robbie Willams & Kylie Minogue - " Kids "
* Ronan Keating & Yusuf Islam - " Father And Son "
* Sister Sledge - " We Are Family "
* Steppenwolf - " Born To Be Wild "
* Tom Jones - " It 's Not Unusual "
* Alice Cooper - " Poison "
* Belinda Carlisle - " Heaven Is A Place On Earth "
* Billy Joel - " Uptown Girl "
* Blondie - " Atomic "
* Culture Club - " Karma Chameleon "
* The Cure - " Just Like Heaven "
* Dexy 's Midnight Runners - " Come On Eileen "
* Dolly Parton - " 9 To 5 "
* Duran Duran - " Rio "
* Erasure - " A Little Respect "
* Europe - " Final Countdown "
* Fairground Attraction - " Perfect "
* Foreigner - " I Want To Know What Love Is "
* Frankie Goes To Hollywood - " The Power Of Love "
* Kate Bush - " Running Up That Hill "
* Katrina And The Waves - " Walking On Sunshine "
* Madness - " Our House "
* Madonna - " Material Girl "
* Marillion - " Kayleigh "
* Nena - " 99 Red Balloons "
* Pretenders - " Brass In Pocket "
* Run DMC - " It 's Tricky "
* Simple Minds - " Do n't You Forget About Me "
* Soft Cell - " Tainted Love "
* Starship - " We Built This City "
* Survivor - " Eye Of The Tiger "
* Tears For Fears - " Everybody Wants To Rule The World "
* Tina Turner - " The Best "
* Vanilla Ice - " Ice Ice Baby "
* Wham ! - " Wake Me Up Before You Go- Go "
* Bloc Party - " Banquet "
* Blur - " Song 2 "
* The Bravery - " An Honest Mistake "
* Bowling for Soup - " 1985 "
* The Cardigans - " My Favourite Game "
* Coldplay - " Speed Of Sound "
* Deep Purple - " Smoke On The Water "
* Franz Ferdinand - " Do You Want To "
* Gwen Stefani - " What You Waiting For ? "
* Hard Fi - " Hard To Beat "
* The Hives - " Hate To Say I Told You So "
* Hole - " Celebrity Skin "
* Jet - " Are You Gonna Be My Girl "
* Kasabian - " Club Foot "
* Keane - " Everybody 's Changing "
* The Killers - " Somebody Told Me "
* Kings of Leon - " The Bucket "
* KT Tunstall - " Black Horse And The Cherry Tree "
* Maximo Park - " Apply Some Pressure "
* Nirvana - " Come As You Are "
* The Offspring - " Self - Esteem "
* Queen - " Do n't Stop Me Now "
* Queens of the Stone Age - " Go With The Flow "
* Razorlight - " Somewhere Else "
* The Rolling Stones - " Paint It , Black "
* The Scorpions - " Wind of Change "
* Snow Patrol - " Run "
* Stereophonics - " Dakota "
* Thin Lizzy - " The Boys Are Back In Town "
* The Undertones - " Teenage Kicks "
* Bananarama - " I Heard A Rumour "
* Bonnie Tyler - " Total Eclipse Of The Heart "
* Bucks Fizz - " Making Your Mind Up "
* Candi Staton - " Young Hearts Run Free "
* Charlene - " I 've Never Been To Me "
* Charlotte Church - " Crazy Chick "
* Cher - " If I Could Turn Back Time "
* Dead or Alive - " You Spin Me Round ( Like A Record ) "
* Girls Aloud - " Biology "
* Gloria Gaynor - " I Will Survive "
* Kim Wilde - " Kids In America "
* Leann Rimes - " Ca n't Fight the Moonlight "
* Pussycat Dolls - " Do n't Cha "
* Queen - " Radio Ga Ga "
* Scissor Sisters - " Laura "
* Steps - " Deeper Shade of Blue "
* Take That feat .
Lulu - " Relight My Fire "
* The Weather Girls - " It 's Raining Men "
* Ultra Nate - " Free "
* Whitney Houston - " I Wanna Dance With Somebody ( Who Loves Me ) "
* Aretha Franklin - " Respect "
* Barry White - " You 're The First , The Last , My Everything "
* Black Sabbath - " Paranoid "
* Blur - " Parklife "
* David Bowie - " Life On Mars ? "
* Depeche Mode - " Enjoy The Silence "
* Dusty Springfield - " Son Of A Preacher Man "
* Ella Fitzgerald and Louis Armstrong - " Let 's Call The Whole Thing Off "
* Elton John - " Rocket Man "
* Elvis Presley - " Blue Suede Shoes "
* Jackie Wilson - " Reet Petite "
* The Jackson 5 - " I Want You Back "
* John Lennon - " Imagine "
* Johnny Cash - " Ring Of Fire "
* Lynyrd Skynyrd - " Sweet Home Alabama "
* Madonna - " Papa Don't Preach "
* Marvin Gaye - " I Heard It Through The Grapevine "
* The Monkees - " Daydream Believer "
* Nirvana - " Smells Like Teen Spirit "
* Patsy Cline - " Crazy "
* Pet Shop Boys - " Always On My Mind "
* The Police - " Roxanne "
* The Righteous Brothers - " Unchained Melody "
* The Rolling Stones - " Sympathy For The Devil "
* Roxy Music - " Love Is The Drug "
* Sam Cooke - " Wonderful World "
* The Smiths - " This Charming Man "
* Tina Turner - " What 's Love Got To Do With It ? "
* U2 - " Vertigo "
* Whitney Houston - " Greatest Love Of All "
* Akon - " Lonely "
* All Saints - " Black Coffee "
* Ashlee Simpson - " Boyfriend "
* Avril Lavigne - " My Happy Ending "
* Britney Spears - " Baby One More Time "
* Cascada - " Everytime We Touch "
* Corinne Bailey Rae - " Put Your Records On "
* Daniel Powter - " Bad Day "
* Dannii Minogue - " I Begin To Wonder "
* Evanesence - " Bring Me To Life "
* Fall Out Boy - " Dance Dance "
* Girls Aloud - " No Good Advice "
* Goldfrapp - " Oh La La "
* Jamelia - " Beware Of The Dog "
* James Morrison - " You Give Me Something "
* Jennifer Lopez - " Jenny From The Block "
* JoJo - " Leave ( Get Out ) "
* Lemar -
" It 's Not That Easy "
* Lily Allen - " Littlest Things "
* My Chemical Romance - " Helena "
* Nelly Furtado - " Promiscuous "
* Norah Jones - " Do n't Know Why "
* Orson - " Bright Idea "
* Razorlight - " Golden Touch "
* Rihanna - " SOS "
* Scissor Sisters - " I Don't Feel Like Dancin ' "
* Sugababes - " Push The Button "
* Travis - " Sing "
* U2 - " Beautiful Day "
* Will Young - " Switch It On "
* All Saints - " Never Ever "
* Aqua - " Barbie Girl "
* B52's - " Love Shack "
* Barenaked Ladies - " One Week "
* Billy Ray Cyrus - " Achy Breaky Heart "
* The Cardigans - " Lovefool "
* The Cranberries - " Zombie "
* Crash Test Dummies - " MMM MMM MMM MMM "
* The Cure - " Friday I'm In Love "
* Divinyls - " I Touch Myself "
* EMF - " Unbelievable "
* Gin Blossoms - " Hey Jealousy "
* Lisa Loeb - " Stay ( I Missed You ) "
* MC Hammer - " U Can't Touch This "
* Meredith Brooks - " Bitch "
* M People - " Movin ' On Up "
* Natalie Imbruglia - " Torn "
* New Kids On The Block - " Step By Step "
* Nick Cave & Kylie Minogue - " Where The Wild Roses Grow "
* Poison - " Unskinny Bop "
* Radiohead - " Creep "
* R.E.M. - " Everybody Hurts "
* Roachford - " Only To Be With You "
* Savage Garden - " I Want You "
* Seal - " Kiss From A Rose "
* Sir Mix A Lot - " Baby Got Back "
* Spice Girls - " Wannabe "
* Spin Doctors - " Two Princes "
* Technotronic feat .
Felly - " Pump Up The Jam "
* Wet Wet Wet - " Love Is All Around "
* Air Supply - " All Out of Love "
* Alannah Myles - " Black Velvet "
* Anastacia - " Left Outside Alone "
* Avril Lavigne - " I'm With You "
* Boston - " More Than A Feeling "
* Boy Meets Girl - " Waiting For A Star To Fall ! "
* The Calling - " Wherever You Will Go "
* Cutting Crew - " I Just Died In Your Arms Tonight "
* Cyndi Lauper - " Time After Time "
* Duran Duran - " Ordinary World "
* Europe - " Carrie "
* Heart - " Alone "
* Jon Secada - " Just Another Day "
* Lonestar - " Amazed "
* Marc Cohn - " Walking In Memphis "
* Meatloaf - " I 'd Do Anything For Love ( But I Wo n't Do That ) "
* Mr Big - " To Be With You "
* Mr Mister - " Broken Wings "
* Mr Mister - " Kyrie "
* Nickelback - " How You Remind Me "
* Nilsson - " Without You "
* Poison - " Every Rose Has Its Thorn "
* Queen - " The Show Must Go On "
* Roxette - " It Must Have Have Been Love "
* Roxette - " Listen To Your Heart "
* Starship - " Nothing 's Gonna Stop Us Now "
* Sugababes - " Too Lost In You "
* Tina Arena - " Chains "
* Toto - " Africa "
* T'Pau - " China In Your Hands "
And finally from SingStar Vol. 2
* Aerosmith - Dude Looks Like a Lady
* Blur - Country House
* Bobby Brown - My Perogative
* Eminem - Without Me
* George Michael - Freedom ‘ 90
* Gorillaz - Dare
* Gossip - Standing in the Way of Control
* Hot Chocolate - You Sexy Thing
* Kaiser Chiefs - Ruby
* Kool and the Gang - Celebration
* The Lovin’ Spoonful - Summer in the City
* Maximo Park - Our Velocity
* Morrisey - Suedehead
* Nirvanna - Lithium
* Panic !
At The Disco - But It ’s Better If You Do
* Paul McCartney & the Frog Chorus - We All Stand Together
* Pulp - Common People
* Radiohead - Street Spirit ( Fade Out )
* Shakespears Sister - Stay
* Spandau Ballet - TRUE
* The Cure - Pictures of You
* The Killers - When You Were Young
* The Libertines - Ca n’t Stand Me Now
* The Mamas and The Papas - California Dreamin ’
* The Offspring - Pretty Fly ( For A White Guy )
* The Police - Do n’t Stand So Close To Me
* The Proclaimers - I ’m Gonna Be ( 500 Miles )
* Tom Jones with Mousse T - Sexbomb
* Tone Loc - Funky Cold Medina
* Young MC - Bust A Move
Part 2a
The Temporary Autonomous Zone , Ontological Anarchy , Poetic Terrorism
By Hakim Bey
COMMUNIQUES OF THE ASSOCIATION FOR ONTOLOGICAL ANARCHY
COMMUNIQUE #1 ( SPRING 1986 ) I. Slogans & Mottos for Subway Graffiti & Other Purposes
ROOTLESS COSMOPOLITANISM
POETIC TERRORISM
( for scrawling or rubberstamping on advertisements : )
THIS IS YOUR TRUE DESIRE
MARXISM -STIRNERISM
STRIKE FOR INDOLENCE & SPIRITUAL BEAUTY
YOUNG CHILDREN HAVE BEAUTIFUL FEET
THE CHAINS OF LAW HAVE BEEN BROKEN
TANTRIK PORNOGRAPHY
RADICAL ARISTOCRATISM
KIDS ' LIB URBAN GUERILLAS
IMAGINARY SHIITE FANATICS
BOLO'BOLO
GAY ZIONISM
( SODOM FOR THE SODOMITES )
PIRATE UTOPIAS
CHAOS NEVER DIED
Some of these are “ sincere ” slogans of the A.O.A. –others are meant to rouse public apprehension & misgivings – but we 're not sure which is which .
Thanx to Stalin , Anon. , Bob Black , Pir Hassan ( upon his mention be peace ) , F. Nietzsche , Hank Purcell Jr. , “ P.M. , ” & Bro. Abu Jehad al - Salah of the Moorish Temple of Dagon .
II .
Some Poetic - Terrorist Ideas Still Sadly Languishing in the Realm of " Conceptual Art "
1. Walk into Citibank or Chembank computer customer service area during busy period , take a shit on the floor , & leave .
2 . Chicago May Day ' 86 : organize “ religious ” procession for Haymarket “ Martyrs ” –huge banners with sentimental portraits , wreathed in flowers & streaming with tinsel & ribbon , borne by penitenti in black KKKatholic - style hooded gowns–outrageous campy TV acolytes with incense & holy water sprinkle the crowd–anarchists w/ ash - smeared faces beat themselves with little flails & whips–a “ Pope ” in black robes blesses tiny symbolic coffins reverently carried to Cemetery by weeping punks .
Such a spectacle ought to offend nearly everyone .
3 . Paste up in public places a xerox flyer , photo of a beautiful twelve - year - old boy , naked and masturbating , clearly titled : THE FACE OF GOD .
4 . Mail elaborate & exquisite magickal “ blessings ” anonymously to people or groups you admire , e.g. for their politics or spirituality or physical beauty or success in crime , etc .
Follow the same general procedure as outlined in Section 5 below , but utilize an aesthetic of good fortune , bliss or love , as appropriate .
5 . Invoke a terrible curse on a malign institution , such as the New York Post or the MUZAK company .
A technique adapted from Malaysian sorcerers : send the Company a package containing a bottle , corked and sealed with black wax .
Inside : dead insects , scorpions , lizards or the like ; a bag containing graveyard dirt ( “ gris - gris ” in American HooDoo terminology ) along with other noxious substances ; an egg , pierced with iron nails and pins ; and a scroll on which an emblem is drawn ( see p. 57 ) .
( This yantra or veve invokes the Black Djinn , the Self 's dark shadow .
Full details obtainable from the A.O.A. )
An accompanying note explains that the hex is sent against the institution & not against individuals–but unless the institution itself ceases to be malign , the curse ( like a mirror ) will begin to infect the premises with noxious fortune , a miasma of negativity .
Prepare a “ news release ” explaining the curse & taking credit for it in the name of the American Poetry Society .
Mail copies of this text to all employees of the institution & to selected media .
The night before these letters arrive , wheatpaste the institutional premises with xerox copies of the Black Djinn 's emblem , where they will be seen by all employees arriving for work next morning .
( Thanx to Abu Jehad again , & to Sri Anamananda–the Moorish Castellan of Belvedere Weather Tower–& other comrades of the Central Park Autonomous Zone , & Brooklyn Temple Number 1 )
COMMUNIQUE # 2 The Kallikak Memorial Bolo & Chaos Ashram : A Proposal
NURSING AN OBSESSION FOR Airstream trailers –those classic miniature dirigibles on wheels–& also the New Jersey Pine Barrens , huge lost backlands of sandy creeks & tar pines , cranberry bogs & ghost towns , population around 14 per sq. mile , dirt roads overgrown with fern , brokenspine cabins & isolated rusty mobile homes with burnt - out cars in the front yards land of the mythical Kallikaks –Piney families studied by eugenicists in the 1920's to justify sterilization of rural poor .
Some Kallikaks married well , prospered , & waxed bourgeois thanx to good genes–others however never worked real jobs but lived off the woods–incest , sodomy , mental deficiencies galore –photos touched up to make them look vacant & morose –descended from rogue Indians , Hessian mercenaries , rum smugglers , deserters –Lovecraftian degenerates come to think of it the Kallikaks might well have produced secret Chaotes , precursor sex radicals , Zerowork prophets .
Like other monotone landscapes ( desert , sea , swamp ) , the Barrens seem infused with erotic power–not vril or orgone so much as a languid disorder , almost a sluttishness of Nature , as if the very ground & water were formed of sexual flesh , membranes , spongy erectile tissue .
We want to squat there , maybe an abandoned hunting / fishing lodge with old woodstove & privy–or decaying Vacation Cabins on some disused County Highway–or just a woodlot where we park 2 or 3 Airstreams hidden back in the pines near creek or swimming hole .
Were the Kallikaks onto something good ?
We 'll find out somewhere boys dream that extraterrestrials will come to rescue them from their families , perhaps vaporizing the parents with some alien ray in the process .
Oh well .
Space Pirate Kidnap Plot Uncovered –“ Alien ” Unmasked As Shiite Fanatic Queer Poet–UFOs Seen Over Pine Barrens– “ Lost Boys Will Leave Earth , ” Claims So - Called Prophet Of Chaos Hakim
Bey runaway boys , mess & disorder , ecstasy & sloth , skinny - dipping , childhood as permanent insurrection –collections of frogs , snails , leaves–pissing in the moonlight – 11 , 12 , 13 –old enough to seize back control of one 's own history from parents , school , Welfare , TV–Come live with us in the Barrens–we 'll cultivate a local brand of seedless rope to finance our luxuries & contemplation of summer 's alchemy–& otherwise produce nothing but artifacts of Poetic Terrorism & mementos of our pleasures going for aimless rides in the old pickup , fishing & gathering , lying around in the shade reading comics & eating grapes–this is our economy .
The suchness of things when unchained from the Law , each molecule an orchid , each atom a pearl to the attentive consciousness –this is our cult .
The Airstream is draped with Persian rugs , the lawn is profuse with satisfied weeds the treehouse becomes a wooden spaceship in the nakedness of July & midnight , half - open to the stars , warm with epicurean sweat , rushed & then hushed by the breathing of the Pines .
( Dear Bolo Log :
You asked for a practical & feasible utopia–here it is , no mere post - holocaust fantasy , no castles on the moon of Jupiter–a scheme we could start up tomorrow–except that every single aspect of it breaks some law , reveals some absolute taboo in U.S. society , threatens the very fabric of etc. , etc .
Too bad .
This is our true desire , & to attain it we must contemplate not only a life of pure art but also pure crime , pure insurrection .
Amen . )
( Thanx to the Grim Reaper & other members of the Si Fan Temple of Providence for YALU , GANO , SILA , & ideas )
COMMUNIQUE # 3 Haymarket Issue
“ I NEED ONLY MENTION in passing that there is a curious reappearance of the Catfish tradition in the popular Godzilla cycle of films which arose after the nuclear chaos unleashed upon Japan .
In fact , the symbolic details in the evolution of Godzilla filmic poplore parallel in a quite surprising way the traditional Japanese and Chinese mythological and folkloric themes of combat with an ambivalent chaos creature ( some of the films , like Mothra , directly recalling the ancient motifs of the cosmic egg / gourd / cocoon ) that is usually tamed , after the failure of the civilizational order , through the special and indirect agency of children . ” –Girardot , Myth & Meaning in Early Taoism : The Theme of Chaos ( hun- t'un )
In some old Moorish Science Temple ( in Chicago or Baltimore ) a friend claimed to have seen a secret altar on which rested a matched pair of six shooters ( in velvet - lined case ) & a black fez .
Supposedly initiation to the inner circle required the neophyte Moor to assassinate at least one cop .
///
What about Louis Lingg ?
Was he a precursor of Ontological Anarchism ?
“ I despise you ” –one can't help but admiring such sentiments .
But the man dynamited himself aged 22 to cheat the gallows … this is not exactly our chosen path .
///
The IDEA of the POLICE like hydra grows 100 new heads for each one cut off–and all these heads are live cops .
Slicing off heads gains us nothing , but only enhances the beast 's power till it swallows us .
///
First murder the IDEA –blow up the monument inside us–& then perhaps … the balance of power will shift .
When the last cop in our brain is gunned down by the last unfulfilled desire– perhaps even the landscape around us will begin to change …/// Poetic Terrorism proposes this sabotage of archetypes as the only practical insurrectionary tactic for the present .
But as Shiite Extremists eager for the overthrow ( by any means ) of all police , ayatollahs , bankers , executioners , priests , etc. , we reserve the option of venerating even the “ failures ” of radical excess .
///
A few days unchained from the Empire of Lies might well be worth considerable sacrifice ; a moment of exalted realization may outweigh a lifetime of microcephalic boredom & work .
///
But this moment must become ours–and our ownership of it is seriously compromised if we must commit suicide to preserve its integrity .
So we mix our veneration with irony–it 's not martyrdom itself we propose , but the courage of the dynamiter , the self - possession of a Chaos - monster , the attainment of criminal & illegal pleasures .
COMMUNIQUE # 4 The End of the World
THE A.O.A. DECLARES ITSELF officially bored with the End of the World .
The canonical version has been used since 1945 to keep us cowering in fear of Mutual Assured Destruction & in snivelling servitude to our super - hero politicians ( the only ones capable of handling deadly Green Kryptonite ) …
What does it mean that we have invented a way to destroy all life on Earth ?
Nothing much .
We have dreamed this as an escape from the contemplation of our own individual deaths .
We have made an emblem to serve as the mirror - image of a discarded immortality .
Like demented dictators we swoon at the thought of taking it all down with us into the Abyss .
The unofficial version of the Apocalypse involves a lascivious yearning for the End , & for a post -Holocaust Eden where the Survivalists ( or the 144,000 Elect of Revelations ) can indulge themselves in orgies of Dualist hysteria , endless final confrontations with a seductive evil …
We have seen the ghost of Rene Guenon , cadaverous & topped with a fez ( like Boris Karloff as Ardis Bey in The Mummy ) leading a funereal No Wave Industrial - Noise rock band in loud buzzing blackfly - chants for the death of Culture & Cosmos : the elitist fetishism of pathetic nihilists , the Gnostic self - disgust of “ post - sexual ” intellectoids .
Are these dreary ballads not simply mirror - images of all those lies & platitudes about Progress & the Future , beamed from every loudspeaker , zapped like paranoid brain - waves from every schoolbook & TV in the world of the Consensus ?
The thanatosis of the Hip Millenarians extrudes itself like pus from the false health of the Consumers ' & Workers ' Paradises .
Anyone who can read history with both hemispheres of the brain knows that a world comes to an end every instant –the waves of time leave washed up behind themselves only dry memories of a closed & petrified past–imperfect memory , itself already dying & autumnal .
And every instant also gives birth to a world –despite the cavillings of philosophers & scientists whose bodies have grown numb–a present in which all impossibilities are renewed , where regret & premonition fade to nothing in one presential hologrammatical psychomantric gesture .
The “ normative ” past or the future heat - death of the universe mean as little to us as last year 's GNP or the withering away of the State .
All Ideal pasts , all futures which have not yet come to pass , simply obstruct our consciousness of total vivid presence .
Certain sects believe that the world ( or “ a ” world ) has already come to an end .
For Jehovah 's Witnesses it happened in 1914 ( yes folks , we are living in the Book of Revelations now ) .
For certain oriental occultists , it occurred during the Major Conjunction of the Planets in 1962 .
Joachim of Fiore proclaimed the Third Age , that of the Holy Spirit , which replaced those of Father & Son. Hassan II of Alamut proclaimed the Great Resurrection , the immanentization of the eschaton , paradise on earth .
Profane time came to an end somewhere in the late Middle Ages .
Since then we 've been living angelic time–only most of us do n't know it .
Or to take an even more Radical Monist stance : Time never started at all .
Chaos never died .
The Empire was never founded .
We are not now & never have been slaves to the past or hostages to the future .
We suggest that the End of the World be declared a fait accompli ; the exact date is unimportant .
The ranters in 1650 knew that the Millennium comes now into each soul that wakes to itself , to its own centrality & divinity .
“ Rejoice , fellow creature , ” was their greeting .
“ All is ours ! ” I want no part of any other End of the World .
A boy smiles at me in the street .
A black crow sits in a pink magnolia tree , cawing as orgone accumulates & discharges in a split second over the city … summer begins .
I may be your lover … but I spit on your Millenium .
COMMUNIQUE #5 " Intellectual S/M
Is the Fascism of the Eighties -- The Avant - Garde Eats Shit and Likes It "
COMRADES !
Recently some confusion about “ Chaos ” has plagued the A.O.A. from certain revanchist quarters , forcing us ( who despise polemics ) at last to indulge in a Plenary Session devoted to denunciations ex cathedra , portentous as hell ; our faces burn red with rhetoric , spit flies from our lips , neck veins bulge with pulpit fervor .
We must at last descend to flying banners with angry slogans ( in 1930 's type faces ) declaring what Ontological Anarchy is not .
Remember , only in Classical Physics does Chaos have anything to do with entropy , heat - death , or decay .
In our physics ( Chaos Theory ) , Chaos identifies with tao , beyond both yin - as - entropy & yang - as - energy , more a principle of continual creation than of any nihil , void in the sense of potentia , not exhaustion .
( Chaos as the “ sum of all orders . ” )
From this alchemy we quintessentialize an aesthetic theory .
Chaote art may act terrifying , it may even act grand guignol , but it can never allow itself to be drenched in putrid negativity , thanatosis , schadenfreude ( delight in the misery of others ) , crooning over Nazi memorabilia & serial murders .
Ontological Anarchy collects no snuff films & is bored to tears with dominatrices who spout french philosophy .
( “ Everything is hopeless & I knew it before you did , asshole .
Nyahh ! ” )
Wilhelm Reich was driven half mad & killed by agents of the Emotional Plague ; maybe half his work derived from sheer paranoia ( UFO conspiracies , homophobia , even his orgasm theory ) , BUT on one point we agree wholeheartedly –sexpol : sexual repression breeds death obsession , which leads to bad politics .
A great deal of avant - garde Art is saturated with Deadly Orgone Rays ( DOR ) .
Ontological Anarchy aims to build aesthetic cloud - busters ( OR - guns ) to disperse the miasma of cerebral sado - masochism which now passes for slick , hip , new , fashionable .
Self - mutilating “ performance ” artists strike us as banal & stupid–their art makes everyone more unhappy .
What kind of two - bit conniving horseshit … what kind of cockroach - brained Art creeps cooked up this apocalypse stew ?
Of course the avant - garde seems “ smart ” –so did Marinetti & the Futurists , so did Pound & Celine .
Compared to that kind of intelligence we'd choose real stupidity , bucolic New Age blissed - out inanity–we 'd rather be pinheads than queer for death .
But luckily we do n't have to scoop out our brains to attain our own queer brand of satori .
All the faculties , all the senses belong to us as our property –both heart & head , intellect & spirit , body & soul .
Ours is no art of mutilation but of excess , superabundance , amazement .
The purveyors of pointless gloom are the Death Squads of contemporary aesthetics–& we are the “ disappeared ones . ”
Their make - believe ballroom of occult 3rd - Reich bric - a - brac & child murder attracts the manipulators of the Spectacle– death looks better on TV than life–& we Chaotes , who preach an insurrectionary joy , are edged out towards silence .
Needless to say we reject all censorship by Church & State– but “ after the revolution ” we would be willing to take individual & personal responsibility for burning all the Death Squad snuff - art crap & running them out of town on a rail .
( Criticism becomes direct action in an anarchist context . )
My space has room neither for Jesus & his lords of the flies nor for Chas .
Manson & his literary admirers .
I want no mundane police –I want no cosmic axe - murderers either ; no TV chainsaw massacres , no sensitive poststructuralist novels about necrophilia .
As it happens , the A.O.A. can scarcely hope to sabotage the suffocating mechanisms of the State & its ghostly circuitry – but we just might happen to find ourselves in a position to do something about lesser manifestations of the DOR plague such as the Corpse - Eaters of the Lower East Side & other Art scum .
We support artists who use terrifying material in some “ higher cause ” – who use loving / sexual material of any kind , however shocking or illegal –who use their anger & disgust & their true desires to lurch toward self - realization & beauty & adventure .
“ Social Nihilism , ” yes–but not the dead nihilism of gnostic self - disgust .
Even if it 's violent & abrasive , anyone with a vestigial 3rd eye can see the differences between revolutionary pro-life art & reactionary pro-death art .
DOR stinks , & the chaote nose can sniff it out –just as it knows the perfume of spiritual / sexual joy , however buried or masked by other darker scents .
Even the Radical Right , for all its horror of flesh & the senses , occasionally comes up with a moment of perception & consciousness - enhancement–but the Death Squads , for all their tired lip service to fashionable revolutionary abstractions , offer us about as much true libertarian energy as the FBI , FDA , or the double - dip Baptists .
We live in a society which advertises its costliest commodities with images of death & mutilation , beaming them direct to the reptilian back - brain of the millions thru alpha - wave - generating carcinogenic reality - warping devices– while certain images of life ( such as our favorite , a child masturbating ) are banned & punished with incredible ferocity .
It takes no guts at all to be an Art Sadist , for salacious death lies at the aesthetic center of our Consensus Paradigm .
“ Leftists ” who like to dress up & play Police - &- Victim , people who jerk off to atrocity photos , people who like to think & intellectualize about splatter art & highfalutin hopelessness & groovy ghoulishness & other people 's misery –such “ artists ” are nothing but police - without - power ( a perfect definition for many “ revolutionaries ” too ) .
We have a black bomb for these aesthetic fascists–it explodes with sperm & firecrackers , raucous weeds & piracy , weird Shiite heresies & bubbling paradise - fountains , complex rhythms , pulsations of life , all shapeless & exquisite .
Wake up !
Breathe !
Feel the world 's breath against your skin !
Seize the day !
Breathe !
Breathe !
( Thanx to J. Mander 's Four Arguments for the Abolition of Television ; Adam Exit ; & the Moorish Cosmopolitan of Williamsburg )
COMMUNIQUE #6 I. Salon Apocalypse : " Secret Theater "
AS LONG AS NO Stalin breathes down our necks , why not make some art in the service of …an insurrection ?
Never mind if it's “ impossible . ”
What else can we hope to attain but the “ impossible ” ?
Should we wait for someone else to reveal our true desires ?
If art has died , or the audience has withered away , then we find ourselves free of two dead weights .
Potentially , everyone is now some kind of artist–& potentially every audience has regained its innocence , its ability to become the art that it experiences .
Provided we can escape from the museums we carry around inside us , provided we can stop selling ourselves tickets to the galleries in our own skulls , we can begin to contemplate an art which re-creates the goal of the sorcerer : changing the structure of reality by the manipulation of living symbols ( in this case , the images we 've been “ given ” by the organizers of this salon–murder , war , famine , & greed ) .
We might now contemplate aesthetic actions which possess some of the resonance of terrorism ( or “ cruelty , ” as Artaud put it ) aimed at the destruction of abstractions rather than people , at liberation rather than power , pleasure rather than profit , joy rather than fear .
“ Poetic Terrorism . ”
Our chosen images have the potency of darkness–but all images are masks , & behind these masks lie energies we can turn toward light & pleasure .
For example , the man who invented aikido was a samurai who became a pacifist & refused to fight for Japanese imperialism .
He became a hermit , lived on a mountain sitting under a tree ..
One day a former fellow - officer came to visit him & accused him of betrayal , cowardice , etc .
The hermit said nothing , but kept on sitting–& the officer fell into a rage , drew his sword , & struck .
Spontaneously the unarmed master disarmed the officer & returned his sword .
Again & again the officer tried to kill , using every subtle kata in his repertoire– but out of his empty mind the hermit each time invented a new way to disarm him .
The officer of course became his first disciple .
Later , they learned how to dodge bullets .
We might contemplate some form of metadrama meant to capture a taste of this performance , which gave rise to a wholly new art , a totally non-violent way of fighting –war without murder , “ the sword of life ” rather than death .
A conspiracy of artists , anonymous as any mad bombers , but aimed toward an act of gratuitous generosity rather than violence–at the millennium rather than the apocalypse–or rather , aimed at a present moment of aesthetic shock in the service of realization & liberation .
Art tells gorgeous lies that come true .
Is it possible to create a SECRET THEATER in which both artist & audience have completely disappeared–only to re-appear on another plane , where life & art have become the same thing , the pure giving of gifts ?
( Note : The “ Salon Apocalypse ” was organized by Sharon Gannon in July , 1986 . )
II .
Murder -- War -- Famine -- Greed
THE MANICHEES & CATHARS believed that the body can be spiritualized –or rather , that the body merely contaminates pure spirit & must be utterly rejected .
The Gnostic perfecti ( radical dualists ) starved themselves to death to escape the body & return to the pleroma of pure light .
So : to evade the evils of the flesh–murder , war , famine , greed –paradoxically only one path remains : murder of one 's own body , war on the flesh , famine unto death , greed for salvation .
The radical monists however ( Ismailis , Ranters , Antinomians ) consider that body & spirit are one , that the same spirit which pervades a black stone also infuses the flesh with its light ; that all lives & all is life .
“ Things are what they are spontaneously … everything is natural … all in motion as if there were a True Lord to move them–but if we seek for evidence of this lord we fail to find any . ” ( Kuo Hsiang )
Paradoxically , the monist path also cannot be followed without some sort of “ murder , war , famine , greed ” : the transformation of death into life ( food , negentropy ) –war against the Empire of Lies– “ fasting of the soul , ” or renunciation of the Lie , of all that is not life–& greed for life itself , the absolute power of desire .
Even more : without knowledge of the darkness ( “ carnal knowledge ” ) there can exist no knowledge of the light ( “ gnosis ” ) .
The two knowledges are not merely complementary : say rather identical , like the same note played in different octaves .
Heraclitus claims that reality persists in a state of “ war . ”
Only clashing notes can make harmony .
( “ Chaos is the sum of all orders . ” )
Give each of these four terms a different mask of language ( to call the Furies “ The Kindly Ones ” is not mere euphemism but a way of uncovering yet more meaning ) .
Masked , ritualized , realized as art , the terms take on their dark beauty , their “ Black Light . ”
Instead of murder say the hunt , the pure paleolithic economy of all archaic and non-authoritarian tribal society – “ venery , ” both the killing & eating of flesh & the way of Venus , of desire .
Instead of war say insurrection , not the revolution of classes & powers but of the eternal rebel , the dark one who uncovers light .
Instead of greed say yearning , unconquerable desire , mad love .
And then instead of famine , which is a kind of mutilation , speak of wholeness , plenty , superabundance , generosity of the self which spirals outward toward the Other .
Without this dance of masks , nothing will be created .
The oldest mythology makes Eros the firstborn of Chaos .
Eros , the wild one who tames , is the door through which the artist returns to Chaos , the One , and then re-returns , comes back again , bearing one of the patterns of beauty .
The artist , the hunter , the warrior : one who is both passionate and balanced , both greedy & altruistic to the utmost extreme .
We must be saved from all salvations which save us from ourselves , from our animal which is also our anima , our very lifeforce , as well as our animus , our animating self - empowerment , which may even manifest as anger & greed .
BABYLON has told us that our flesh is filth –with this device & the promise of salvation it enslaved us .
But–if the flesh is already “ saved , ” already light –if even consciousness itself is a kind of flesh , a palpable & simultaneous living aether–then we need no power to intercede for us .
The wilderness , as Omar says , is paradise even now .
The true proprietorship of murder lies with the Empire , for only freedom is complete life .
War is Babylonian as well –no free person will die for another 's aggrandizement .
Famine comes into existence only with the civilization of the saviors , the priest - kings –was n't it Joseph who taught Pharaoh to speculate in grain futures ?
Greed–for land , for symbolic wealth , for power to deform others ' souls & bodies for their own salvation–greed too arises not from “ Nature nature - ing , ” but from the damming up & canalization of all energies for the Empire 's Glory .
Against all this , the artist possesses the dance of masks , the total radicalization of language , the invention of a “ Poetic Terrorism ” which will strike not at living beings but at malign ideas , dead - weights on the coffin - lid of our desires .
The architecture of suffocation and paralysis will be blown up .
only by our total celebration of everything– even darkness .
– Summer Solstice , 1986
COMMUNIQUE # 7 Psychic Paleolithism & High Technology : A Position Paper
JUST BECAUSE THE A.O.A. talks about “ Paleolithism ” all the time , do n't get the idea we intend to bomb ourselves back to the Stone Age .
We have no interest in going “ back to the land ” if the deal includes the boring life of a shit - kicking peasant–nor do we want “ tribalism ” if it comes with taboos , fetishes & malnutrition .
We have no quarrel with the concept of culture –including technology ; for us the problem begins with civilization .
What we like about Paleolithic life has been summed up by the Peoples - Without - Authority School of anthropology : the elegant laziness of hunter / gatherer society , the 2 - hour workday , the obsession with art , dance , poetry & amorousness , the “ democratization of shamanism , ” the cultivation of perception –in short , culture .
What we dislike about civilization can be deduced from the following progression : the “ Agricultural Revolution ” ; the emergence of caste ; the City & its cult of hieratic control ( “ Babylon ” ) ; slavery ; dogma ; imperialism ( “ Rome ” ) .
The suppression of sexuality in “ work ” under the aegis of “ authority . ”
“ The Empire never ended . ” A psychic paleolithism based on High - Tech–post - agricultural , post - industrial , “ Zerowork , ” nomadic ( or “ Rootless Cosmopolitan ” ) –a Quantum Paradigm Society –this constitutes the ideal vision of the future according to Chaos Theory as well as “ Futurology ” ( in the Robert Anton Wilson - T. Leary sense of the term ) .
As for the present : we reject all collaboration with the Civilization of Anorexia & Bulimia , with people so ashamed of never suffering that they invent hair shirts for themselves & others–or those who gorge without compassion & then spew the vomit of their suppressed guilt in great masochistic bouts of jogging & dieting .
All our pleasures & self - disciplines belong to us by Nature–we never deny ourselves , we never give up anything ; but some things have given up on us & left us , because we are too large for them .
I am both caveman & starfaring mutant , con-man & free prince .
Once an Indian Chief was invited to the White House for a banquet .
As the food passed round , the Chief heaped his plate to the max , not once but three times .
At last the honky sitting next to him says , “ Chief , heh - heh , do n't you think that 's a little too much ? ” “ Ugh , ” the Chief replies , “ little too much just right for Chief ! ” Nevertheless , certain doctrines of “ Futurology ” remain problematic .
For example , even if we accept the liberatory potential of such new technologies as TV , computers , robotics , Space exploration , etc. , we still see a gap between potentiality & actualization .
The banalization of TV , the yuppification of computers & the militarization of Space suggest that these technologies in themselves provide no “ determined ” guarantee of their liberatory use .
Even if we reject the Nuclear Holocaust as just another Spectacular Diversion orchestrated to distract our attention from real problems , we must still admit that “ Mutual Assured Destruction ” & “ Pure War ” tend to dampen our enthusiasm for certain aspects of the High - Tech Adventure .
Ontological Anarchy retains its affection for Luddism as a tactic : if a given technology , no matter how admirable in potentia ( in the future ) , is used to oppress me here & now , then I must either wield the weapon of sabotage or else seize the means of production ( or perhaps more importantly the means of communication ) .
There is no humanity without techne–but there is no techne worth more than my humanity .
We spurn knee - jerk anti-Tech anarchism –for ourselves , at least ( there exist some who enjoy farming , or so one hears ) –and we reject the concept of the Technological Fix as well .
For us all forms of determinism appear equally vapid–we 're slaves of neither our genes nor our machines .
What is “ natural ” is what we imagine & create .
“ Nature has no Laws–only habits . ”
Life for us belongs neither to the Past–that land of famous ghosts hoarding their tarnished grave - goods–nor to the Future , whose bulbbrained mutant citizens guard so jealously the secrets of immortality , faster - than - light flight , designer genes & the withering of the State .
Aut nunc aut nihil .
Each moment contains an eternity to be penetrated –yet we lose ourselves in visions seen through corpses ' eyes , or in nostalgia for unborn perfections .
The attainments of my ancestors & descendants are nothing more to me than an instructive or amusing tale –I will never call them my betters , even to excuse my own smallness .
I print for myself a license to steal from them whatever I need–psychic paleolithism or high - tech–or for that matter the gorgeous detritus of civilization itself , secrets of the Hidden Masters , pleasures of frivolous nobility & la vie boheme .
La decadence , Nietzsche to the contrary notwithstanding , plays as deep a role in Ontological Anarchy as health–we take what we want of each .
Decadent aesthetes do not wage stupid wars nor submerge their consciousness in microcephalic greed & resentment .
They seek adventure in artistic innovation & non-ordinary sexuality rather than in the misery of others .
The A.O.A. admires & emulates their sloth , their disdain for the stupidity of normalcy , their expropriation of aristocratic sensibilities .
For us these qualities harmonize paradoxically with those of the Old Stone Age & its overflowing health , ignorance of hierarchy , cultivation of virtu rather than Law .
We demand decadence without sickness , & health without boredom !
Thus the A.O.A. gives unqualified support to all indigenous & tribal peoples in their struggle for complete autonomy–& at the same time , to the wildest , most Spaced - out speculations & demands of the Futurologists .
The paleolithism of the future ( which for us , as mutants , already exists ) will be achieved on a grand scale only through a massive technology of the Imagination , and a scientific paradigm which reaches beyond Quantum Mechanics into the realm of Chaos Theory & the hallucinations of Speculative Fiction .
As Rootless Cosmopolitans we lay claim to all the beauties of the past , of the orient , of tribal societies –all this must & can be ours , even the treasuries of the Empire : ours to share .
And at the same time we demand a technology which transcends agriculture , industry , even the simultaneity of electricity , a hardware that intersects with the wetware of consciousness , that embraces the power of quarks , of particles travelling backward in time , of quasars & parallel universes .
The squabbling ideologues of anarchism & libertarianism each prescribe some utopia congenial to their various brands of tunnel - vision , ranging from the peasant commune to the L - 5 Space City .
We say , let a thousand flowers bloom –with no gardener to lop off weeds & sports according to some moralizing or eugenical scheme .
The only true conflict is that between the authority of the tyrant & the authority of the realized self –all else is illusion , psychological projection , wasted verbiage .
In one sense the sons & daughters of Gaia have never left the paleolithic ; in another sense , all the perfections of the future are already ours .
Only insurrection will “ solve ” this paradox–only the uprising against false consciousness in both ourselves & others will sweep away the technology of oppression & the poverty of the Spectacle .
In this battle a painted mask or shaman 's rattle may prove as vital as the seizing of a communications satellite or secret computer network .
Our sole criterion for judging a weapon or a tool is its beauty .
The means already are the end , in a certain sense ; the insurrection already is our adventure ; Becoming IS Being .
Past & future exist within us & for us , alpha & omega .
There are no other gods before or after us .
We are free in TIME–and will be free in SPACE as well .
( Thanx to Hagbard Celine the Sage of Howth & Environs )
COMMUNIQUE #8 Chaos Theory & the Nuclear Family
SUNDAY IN RIVERSIDE PARK the Fathers fix their sons in place , nailing them magically to the grass with baleful ensorcelling stares of milky camaraderie , & force them to throw baseballs back & forth for hours .
The boys almost appear to be small St Sebastians pierced by arrows of boredom .
The smug rituals of family fun turn each humid Summer meadow into a Theme Park , each son an unwitting allegory of Father 's wealth , a pale representation 2 or 3 times removed from reality : the Child as metaphor of Something - or - other .
And here I come as dusk gathers , stoned on mushroom dust , half convinced that these hundreds of fireflies arise from my own consciousness
–
Where have they been all these years ?
why so many so suddenly ?
– each rising in the moment of its incandescence , describing quick arcs like abstract graphs of the energy in sperm .
“ Families ! misers of love !
How I hate them ! ”
Baseballs fly aimlessly in vesper light , catches are missed , voices rise in peevish exhaustion .
The children feel sunset encrusting the last few hours of doled - out freedom , but still the Fathers insist on stretching the tepid postlude of their patriarchal sacrifice till dinnertime , till shadows eat the grass .
Among these sons of the gentry one locks gazes with me for a moment –I transmit telepathically the image of sweet license , the smell of TIME unlocked from all grids of school , music lessons , summer camps , family evenings round the tube , Sundays in the Park with Dad–authentic time , chaotic time .
Now the family is leaving the Park , a little platoon of dissatisfaction .
But that one turns & smiles back at me in complicity –“ Message Received ” –& dances away after a firefly , buoyed up by my desire .
The Father barks a mantra which dissipates my power .
The moment passes .
The boy is swallowed up in the pattern of the week–vanishes like a bare - legged pirate or Indian taken prisoner by missionaries .
The Park knows who I am , it stirs under me like a giant jaguar about to wake for nocturnal meditation .
Sadness still holds it back , but it remains untamed in its deepest essence : an exquisite disorder at the heart of the city 's night .
COMMUNIQUE #9
Double - Dip Denunciations
I. Xtianity
AGAIN & AGAIN WE hope that attitudinizing corpse has finally breathed its last rancorous sigh & floated off to its final pumpkinification .
Again & again we imagine the defeat of that obscene flayed death - trip bogey nailed to the walls of all our waiting rooms , never again to whine at us for our sins … but again & again it resurrects itself & comes creeping back to haunt us like the villain of some nth rate snuff - porn splatter film –the thousandth re-make of Night of the Living Dead–trailing its snail - track of whimpering humiliation … just when you thought it was safe in the unconscious … it 's JAWS for JESUS .
Look out !
Hardcore Chainsaw Baptists ! and the Leftists , nostalgic for the Omega Point of their dialectical paradise , welcome each galvanized revival of the putrescent creed with coos of delight :
Let 's dance the tango with all those marxist bishops from Latin America–croon a ballad for the pious Polish dockworkers –hum spirituals for the latest afro-Methodist presidential hopeful from the Bible Belt …
The A.O.A. denounces Liberation Theology as a conspiracy of stalinist nuns–the Whore of Babylon 's secret scarlet deal with red fascism in the tropics .
Solidarnosc ?
The Pope's Own Labor Union–backed by the AFL / CIO , the Vatican Bank , the Freemason Lodge Propaganda Due , and the Mafia .
And if we ever voted we'd never waste that empty gesture on some Xtian dog , no matter what its breed or color .
As for the real Xtians , those bored - again self - lobotomized bigots , those Mormon babykillers , those Star Warriors of the Slave Morality , televangelist blackshirts , zombie squads of the Blessed Virgin Mary ( who hovers in a pink cloud over the Bronx spewing hatred , anathema , roses of vomit on the sexuality of children , pregnant teenagers & queers ) …
As for the genuine death - cultists , ritual cannibals , Armageddon - freaks –the Xtian Right–we can only pray that the RAPTURE WILL COME & snatch them all up from behind the steering wheels of their cars , from their lukewarm game shows & chaste beds , take them all up into heaven & let us get on with human life .
II .
Abortionists & Anti-abortionists
REDNECKS WHO BOMB ABORTION clinics belong in the same grotesque category of vicious stupidity as bishops who prattle Peace & yet condemn all human sexuality .
Nature has no laws ( “ only habits ” ) , & all law is unnatural .
Everything belongs to the sphere of personal / imaginal morality –even murder .
However , according to Chaos
Theory , it does not follow that we are obliged to like & approve of murder–or abortion .
Chaos would enjoy seeing every bastard love - child carried to term & birthed ; sperm & egg alone are mere lovely secretions , but combined as DNA they become potential consciousness , negentropy , joy .
If “ meat is murder ! ” as the Vegans like to claim , what pray tell is abortion ?
Those totemists who danced to the animals they hunted , who meditated to become one with their living food & share its tragedy , demonstrated values far more humane than the average claque of “ pro-Choice ” feminoid liberals .
In every single “ issue ” cooked up for “ debate ” in the patternbook of the Spectacle , both sides are invariably full of shit .
The “ abortion issue ” is no exception ..
COMMUNIQUE # 10 Plenary Session Issues New Denunciations -- Purges Expected
TO OFFSET ANY STICKY karma we might have acquired thru our pulpit - thumping sermonette against Xtians & other end - of - the- world creeps ( see last ish ) & just to set the record straight : the A.O.A. also denounces all born - again knee - jerk atheists & their frowsy late - Victorian luggage of scientistic vulgar materialism .
/////
We applaud all anti- Xtian sentiment , of course–& all attacks on all organized religions .
But …to hear some anarchists talk you'd think the sixties never happened and no one ever dropped LSD .
/////
As for the scientists themselves , the Alice - like madnesses of Quantum & Chaos Theory have driven the best of them towards taoism & vedanta ( not to mention dada ) –& yet if you read The Match or Freedom you might imagine science was embalmed with Prince Kropotkin–& “ religion ” with Bishop Ussher .
/////
Of course one despises the Aquarian brownshirts , the kind of gurus lauded recently in the New York Times for their contributions to Big Business , the franchise - granting yuppie zombie cults , the anorexic metaphysics of New Age banality … but OUR esotericism remains undefiled by these mediocre money - changers & their braindead minions .
/////
The heretics & antinomian mystics of Orient & Occident have developed systems based on inner liberation .
Some of these systems are tainted with religious mysticism & even social reaction–others seem more purely radical or “ psychological ” –& some even crystallize into revolutionary movements ( millenarian Levellers , Assassins , Yellow Turban Taoists , etc. )
Whatever their flaws they possess certain magical weapons which anarchism sorely lacks : ( 1 ) A sense of the meta-rational ( “ metanoia ” ) , ways to go beyond laminated thinking into smooth ( or nomadic or “ chaotic ” ) thinking & perception ; ( 2 ) an actual definition of self - realized or liberated consciousness , a positive description of its structure , & techniques for approaching it ; ( 3 ) a coherent archetypal view of epistemology –that is , a way of knowing ( about history , for example ) that utilizes hermeneutic phenomenology to uncover patterns of meaning ( something like the Surrealists ' “ Paranoia Criticism ” ) ; ( 4 ) a teaching on sexuality ( in the “ tantrik ” aspects of various Paths ) that assigns value to pleasure rather than self - denial , not only for its own sake but as a vehicle of enhanced awareness or “ liberation ” ; ( 5 ) an attitude of celebration , what might be called a “ Jubilee concept , ” a cancelling of psychic debt thru some inherent generosity in reality itself ; ( 6 ) a language ( including gesture , ritual , intentionality ) with which to animate & communicate these five aspects of cognition ; and ( 7 ) a silence .
/////
It 's no surprise to discover how many anarchists are ex-Catholics , defrocked priests or nuns , former altar boys , lapsed born - again baptists or even ex-Shiite fanatics .
Anarchism offers up a black ( & red )
Mass to de-ritualize all spook - haunted brains–a secular exorcism–but then betrays itself by cobbling together a High Church of its own , all cobwebby with Ethical Humanism , Free Thought , Muscular Atheism , & crude Fundamentalist Cartesian Logic .
/////
Two decades ago we began the project of becoming Rootless Cosmopolitans , determined to sift the detritus of all tribes , cultures & civilizations ( including our own ) for viable fragments–& to synthesize from this mess of potsherds a living system of our own–lest ( as Blake warned ) we become slaves to someone else 's .
/////
If some Javanese sorcerer or Native American shaman possesses some precious fragment I need for my own “ medicine pouch , ” should I sneer & quote Bakunin 's line about stringing up priests with bankers ' guts ?
or should I remember that anarchy knows no dogma , that Chaos cannot be mapped–& help myself to anything not nailed down ?
/////
The earliest definitions of anarchy are found in the Chuang Tzu & other taoist texts ; “ mystical anarchism ” boasts a hoarier pedigree than the Greco - Rationalist variety .
When Nietzsche spoke of the “ Hyperboreans ” I think he foretold us , who have gone beyond the death of God–& the rebirth of the Goddess–to a realm where spirit & matter are one .
Every manifestation of that hierogamy , every material thing & every life , becomes not only “ sacred ” in itself but also symbolic of its own “ divine essence . ”
/////
Atheism is nothing but the opiate of The Masses ( or rather , their self - chosen champions ) –& not a very colorful or sexy drug .
If we are to follow Baudelaire 's advice & “ be always intoxicated , ” the A.O.A. would prefer something more like mushrooms , thank you .
Chaos is the oldest of the gods–& Chaos never died .
COMMUNIQUE # 11 Special Holiday Season Food Issue Rant : Turn Off the Lite !
( LifeWire ) -- During an evening out at a San Francisco bar some years ago , Matt Colling and a friend ended up buying drinks all around .
But when it came time to pay the $ 100 tab , Colling was on his own .
" I pulled out money and I was the only one that had any , " the 28 - year - old bartender remembers .
His friend had conveniently " forgotten his wallet . "
Whether it 's stiffing drinking buddies with the check , bumming rides , " borrowing " cigarettes or sponging off meals , moochers can push the limits of friendship by making a habit of manipulating others to avoid paying their fair share .
Brandon Ward , a sports marketing executive in San Diego , got an early lesson in dealing with deadbeats .
Now 37 and married , Ward readily remembers a former roommate who rarely picked up his fair share , including his portion of a weekend trip that involved four tanks of gas and three cases of beer .
For Ward , it was n't so much the money as the principle .
" He never pulled out his wallet .
If he had even offered , there was a chance I would have said no .
That was the big sin . "
No matter how charming they may be , a friend who mooches is n't really a friend , says Jeanne Fleming , a financial ethics columnist for Money magazine who also holds a Ph.D in sociology .
" Moochers are fundamentally motivated by being selfish and self - centered , " she says .
" They habitually forgive their behavior .
But the truth is that it 's complete self - indulgence .
It 's not benign . "
From friend to freeloader
At what point does a friend become a mooch ?
It 's a matter of frequency .
" Everybody has at some point asked a friend for 20 bucks and forgotten to pay it back , " says Fleming , who researched relationship offenders for a book she co-authored with Leonard Schwarz , her " Money " magazine writing partner .
But mooching begins when reciprocating ends .
Or maybe when you start asking the tightwad to pick up his fare share of expenses .
When the authors asked 800 people nationwide to choose between a relative hitting them up for a large loan or getting a bad case of the flu , over two - thirds said they 'd take the flu .
That may be because 36 percent of Americans in the survey had at least one family member who is a moocher , and 32 percent were saddled with a deadbeat friend .
Fleming and Schwarz also questioned 1,000 adults across the country for another survey and found that a whopping 95 percent had lent money to friends or family members .
Over a third of those had lent more than $ 1,000 .
And the chances of seeing their money again ?
Forty - three percent were n't repaid in full for the largest loan they ever made to friends or relatives , and 27 percent were never repaid at all .
But mooching is n't limited to money , which can make it harder to know when to draw the line .
Take 35 - year - old journalist Colin Sullivan of San Francisco .
As a writer for Greenwire.com , he says he takes pains to minimize his carbon footprint , and carpooling is a one effective tactic .
But when a close friend adopted a habit of bumming rides -- " He 's the kind of guy who would just assume that if we were going somewhere that I would be picking him up " -- Sullivan felt torn between being environmentally responsible and being a chauffeur .
Even then , Sullivan chalked it up to his friend being " a tight - ass about money , " which he believes is n't the worst fault in the world .
Fleming sees it another way : Cars are expensive to own and operate .
" They think they 're being green and maybe they are , " she says , " but they 're also mooches . "
Ending the free ride
Moochers are successful because people are sheepish about confronting them , says Fleming .
" You 're not supposed to care about money , " she says .
" You 're not supposed to notice when your friends are flawed on this front . "
And by the time you do notice , it 's often difficult to break the pattern .
Dealing with moochers is tricky even for etiquette experts like Lizzie Post , who keeps an eye on America 's " civility barometer " at the Emily Post Institute in Vermont .
Even the great - great - granddaughter of America 's manners matriarch has had to request repayment for small loans and dinners out .
But she , too , understands how it 's tempting to let uncomfortable matters slide .
" It 's hard because these issues are n't etiquette , " she says , " they 're more social and relationship issues . "
But it 's not impossible .
Suggestions from the experts include nipping the habit in the bud by learning to say no -- politely -- to loans , tabs and rides .
Post advises planning ahead by deciding whose turn it is to pay before you even leave the house .
And if that 's not possible , you can always ask for separate checks .
If your moocher is a close friend , you may want to give him a chance to change .
But a perfectly reasonable response to repeat offenders is to drop the friendship .
That may actually turn out to be a favor because mooching is a self - correcting habit , says Fleming .
" If a moocher loses enough friends , they modify their behavior . "
And that 's ultimately how Ward handled his old friend , the deadbeat roommate .
After their one - sided weekend vacation , Ward joined his roommate and others at a local pub for a few rounds of beer .
Everyone took turns buying , but when it was the roommate 's turn to pay , he was -- where else ? -- in the bathroom .
The second time he tried the disappearing act , Ward called him on it .
" I do n't remember inviting him out again , " says Ward .
LifeWire provides original and syndicated lifestyle content to web publishers .
Liane Yvkoff is a freelance writer in San Francisco .
All About National Economy • Relationships
BUY P - 38 CAN OPENERS BUY P -51 CAN OPENERS
Thanks to Richard A. Beranty author of the best P - 38 article since Renita Foster 's ' The Army 's Greatest Invention ' for allowing me to post his article on the P - 38 webpage ..
" THE ARMY'S GREATEST INVENTION "
THE P - 38 CAN OPENER
THE ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY CAN OPENER .
WHEN THE POWER IS OUT OR YOUR ELECTRIC CAN OPENER BITES THE DUST A P - 38 CAN SAVE THE DAY .
DON'T GET CAUGHT WITHOUT A WORKING CAN OPENER DURING THE ZOMBIE APOCALYPSE .
A P-38 WILL WORK ON ANY SIZE CAN WITH A RIM .
PERFECT FOR CAMPING , HIKING , FISHING OR FOR THE SURVIVALIST IN YOUR FAMILY .
BE SURE TO CARRY A P - 38 ON YOUR KEY RING , DOG TAG CHAIN , TACKLE BOX OR IN YOUR 72 HOUR EMERGENCY SURVIVAL KIT .
TAPE ONE TO EACH CAN IN YOUR GRAB & GO BAG OR EMERGENCY STOCKPILE .
HAND A P-38 TO A STRANGER AND THEY WILL EITHER HAVE A LOOK OF BEWILDERMENT ON THEIR FACE
OR LOOK UP AT YOU WITH A BIG SMILE AND TELL YOU THEIR P - 38 STORY .
http://forum.multitool.org/index.php?topic=35402.0
NOW WHY DIDN'T I THINK OF THAT !!!
from powernoodle on Multitool.org
BUY P - 38 CAN OPENERS BUY P -51 CAN OPENERS
BUY P - 38 CAN OPENERS BUY P -51 CAN OPENERS
STERILIZE BEFORE RE-USE
Tie string through hole in opener to wash and ster - ilize with mess - gear if possible .
When boiling water is unavailable , clean opener as thorough - ly as possible and hold cutting blade over a match flame a few sec- onds immediately before use .
CLICK HERE FOR PRINTABLE P -38 CAN OPENER DIRECTIONS MODERN VERSION
During the WWII , Korean and Vietnam Wars when hungry GI 's were ready to dive into their delicious meals of K or C - Rations they used their trusty P - 38s to open the cans .
No it was n't the famous WWII fighter plane or a German pistol , it was an amazingly simple little piece of 1 - 1/ 2 inch stamped metal that was developed in just 30 days during the Summer of 1942 by the Subsistence Research Laboratory in Chicago .
It 's official designation is ' US ARMY POCKET CAN OPENER ' or ' OPENER , CAN , HAND , FOLDING , TYPE I ' , but it is more commonly know by its nickname the P - 38 which it supposedly acquired from the 38 P unctures required to open a C - Ration can .
It is also known by many as a " John Wayne " by those in the Navy and Marines because he was shown opening a can of C - Rations using a P - 38 in a WWII training film .
From then on Sailors and Marines referred to them as a " John Wayne " .
Recently I received emails from two different Vets that referred to P - 38s as ' Dead Dukes ' after John Wayne 's death .
Originally P -38s came wrapped in brown Kraft paper packets with a diagram and directions how to use printed on it .
About a dozen P - 38s came packed in a case of C - Rations but because everyone was hoarding them eventually only 3 were included in a case ( read Rations in Korea note ) .
These handy gadgets have adorned the dog tag chains and key rings of WWII , Korean and Vietnam war vets ever since opening their first can of C - rats with one .
I 've heard stories about GIs holding C - Ration can opening races using P - 38 s which were usually won by one who could open a C - rat can in less time than it takes to read this sentence .
In her famous article for ' The Pentagram ' Army Public Affairs ' Officer Maj .
Renita
Foster wrote the defining article about P - 38s how they could be the Army 's greatest invention ever .
Most WWII , Korean and Vietnam era GIs would hardily agree .
( CLICK HERE FOR JPG OF 'ARMY'S GREATEST INVENTION ' ARTICLE ) ( MORE ARTICLES & STORIES BY RENITA FOSTER )
Renita Foster , Fort Monmouth Public Affairs has updated her famous P - 38 article ( click on link below ) :
http://www.army.mil/-news/2009/08/11/25736-the-best-army-invention-ever
Unopened vintage P - 38s in their original paper wrapper are getting much harder to find so resist the temptation to open one if you find it .
They are becoming collector 's items since more and more GIs are putting them in their military & medal displays , collections and to replace a lost beloved P - 38 .
Also P - 38 collections have become very popular lately as they do n't cost much and do n't take up much space .
It 's a lot of fun finding the hard to get P - 38s .
I 've had the same US SPEAKER P - 38 on my key - ring since my first Boy Scout camping trip when the Scoutmaster gave it to me .
We used them to open the big cans of peaches for the delicious cobbler that he would make in a huge cast iron skillet over the campfire .
We ate that delicious cobbler as we sat around the campfire just before crawling into our sleeping bags .
I can even taste it now .
My Scoutmaster was a WWII and Korean War veteran that knew how handy the little P - 38s were and gave one to every new member of the Scout troop on their first camping trip .
Recently P - 38s have added a new role to their long list of uses .
Shelters and organizations that aid the homeless hand them out and they were also included in some of the humanitarian relief packets dropped into Afghanistan .
I 've also been told they are being handed out here in the USA by relief organizations after natural disasters for when the power is out and electric can openers no longer work .
A P-38 is a lesson in simplicity at it 's best .
Do n't you wish everything in life could be as simple and useful as a P - 38 .
BUY P - 38 CAN OPENERS BUY P -51 CAN OPENERS
VINTAGE WWII , KOREAN & VIETNAM P -38 CAN OPENERS
FOR SALE - CLICK HERE
GI DOG TAG CHAINS
4508 $ 1 GI 2 PIECE SET STAINLESS DOG TAG CHAINS - INDIVIDUALLY PACKAGED
Sorry , no International Sales or Shipping .
I 'm sorry but I do not sell or emboss Dog Tags ,
but below are links to some good sites that do :
DogTagsOnline.com
Dog Tags !
Fundraising tags and military id Shop
Dog Tags from Military Dog Tags USA
www.dogtagUS.com
Dog Tag City
VINTAGE WWII , KOREAN & VIETNAM P -38 CAN OPENERS
FOR SALE - CLICK HERE
PHOTOS OF P-38s & P - 51s THAT WILL GIVE YOU AN IDEA OF THE HISTORY & DEVELOPMENT OF THE ARMY'S GREATEST INVENTION .
Below are links to a pdf document of the actual patents for the first P - 38s from the United States Patent and Trademark Office :
Samuel Bloomfield , Patent Number 2412946 , Can Opener
John W Speaker , Patent Number 2413528 , Pocket Type Can Opener
John W Speaker , Reissued Patent Number 22934 , Pocket Type Can Opener
ORIGINAL WWII P-38s FROM GOVERNMENT CONTRACTORS BLOOMFIELD's , ANDROCK & J W SPEAKER .
These are the earliest versions of P - 38s that I can find and although they look identical to Korean and Vietnam war era and the modern versions of the P - 38 there are distinct differences between them .
On the WWII versions only the very tip of the can cutting blade is sharpened through a grinding process rather than by stamping which is typical of later P - 38s .
Another big difference is that on the Bloomfields there are no locking tabs to keep the blade open or closed so the can cutting blade just flops back and forth which must have caused many more cuts and torn pockets than the later versions .
The Bloomfields and J W Speaker P - 38s have a rib that runs along the entire length of the main body of the P - 38 and while the Bloomfields have no manufacturer or year markings , the J W Speaker has " Speaker U.S.A. 43 - 44 " stamped on the inside of the body of the P - 38 rather than on the outside like every other P - 38 I 've ever seen .
The Washburn P - 38s do have the manufacturer 's name ( US ANDROCK ) imprinted on them but no year marking .
The rib on the main body of the Washburn P - 38 also runs the entire length of the body but is slightly rounded at the very bottom .
All these WWII P - 38s are made from a slightly thinner metal and so feel just slightly lighter than the later versions .
Other than these differences these WWII P - 38s look identical to the modern P - 38s and unless you knew what to look for you would n't be able to tell them apart .
I was very happy to get them so I could add them to the website P - 38 collection .
Remarkably they were all still in their original paper wrappers .
( Note of 08/02/06 Recently I found a couple of Bloomfield paper wrappers that have Bloomfield Mfg. Co Chicago U.S.A. on them rather than just Bloomfield 's Chicago U.S.A .
The P - 38s inside appear to be identical to the other Bloomfield P - 38 s but a little more refined in their appearance so may be later production . )
WWII Bloomfield & Washburn Company 's US Androck P - 38s & wrappers :
( click on thumbnail to enlarge photo )
I believe this is a very early WWII Washburn because of it's construction and the way the instructions are printed .
( click on thumbnail to enlarge photo )
WWII 1943 - 44 J W Speaker P - 38 & wrapper :
( has Speaker U.S.A. 43 - 44 stamped on inside of P - 38 body )
( click on thumbnails to enlarge photos )
WWII J.W. Speaker Corp. and Essential Products Corp .
Speaker U.S.A. P - 38s that come in a JW Speaker envelope and also in a wrapper that has Essential Products printed on it .
They are identical to the modern Speaker except the blades appear to be sharpened and not stamped
and have Speaker U.S.A stamped on them .
They are more refined than the 43 - 44 P - 38 s so they are probably later production .
These are from a WWII Navy veteran 's estate sale in Indiana .
( click on thumbnail to enlarge photo )
Here 's some photos from the Army Signal Corp that shows WWII P - 38s & wrappers :
( click on thumbnails to enlarge photos )
Below are photos of different WWII Bloomfield P - 38s and a Washburn P - 38 still in their paper wrappers taped to
the tops of WWII US Army Air Force Emergency Parachute Rations which were made by the Charms Co. of Bloomfield NJ :
( click on thumbnails to enlarge photo )
Just got this P - 38 & wrapper .
No year on it but I think it is a pre-1948 JW Speaker USA wrapper and the P - 38 has Speaker U.S.A. on it .
The way the Can Opener Direction are worded is another reason why I think it 's pre-1948 .
( click on thumbnail below to enlarge photo )
pre-1948 US SPEAKER WRAPPER
Below is a 1948 US Speaker P - 38 and it 's wrapper .
This Pre-Korean war version P - 38 is identical to the modern P - 38
with locking tabs and the entire length of the can cutting blade is sharpened ( although it still appears to be sharpened by a grinding process rather than by stamping ) .
The rib on the main body of the P - 38 has a rounded end well above the bottom of the main body of the P - 38 .
It is also made of a thicker metal than the WWII versions .
Except for the cutting blade grinding process the evolution of the design of the P - 38 seems complete with this P - 38 .
The paper wrapper is the same size as the WWII versions although the wording is changed and there is printing on the front and back of the wrapper .
( click on thumbnail below to enlarge photo )
1948 US SPEAKER
P - 38 & WRAPPER
NEW FIND US GG GREENE 1949
( click on thumbnails below to enlarge photo )
Below is a 1950 US Speaker P - 38 and it 's wrapper .
This Pre-Korean war version P - 38 is identical to the modern P - 38
with locking tabs and the entire length of the can cutting blade is sharpened ( although it still appears to be sharpened by a grinding process rather than by stamping ) .
The rib on the main body of the P - 38 has a rounded end well above the bottom of the main body of the P - 38 .
It is also made of a thicker metal than the WWII versions .
Except for the cutting blade grinding process the evolution of the design of the P - 38 seems complete with this P - 38 .
The paper wrapper is the same size as the WWII versions although the wording is changed and there is printing on the front and back of the wrapper .
( click on thumbnail below to enlarge photo )
1950 US SPEAKER
P - 38 & WRAPPER
THIS LATE 1950 or EARLY 1951 US G.G. GREENE P - 38 HAS THE FEATURES OF A MODERN P - 38 WITH THE BACK RIB HAVING A ROUNDED ENDING ABOVE THE BOTTOM OF THE MAIN BODY , LOCKING TABS AND IS MADE OF A THICKER METAL BUT LIKE THE WWI VERSIONS THE CAN CUTTING BLADE TIP HAS BEEN SHARPENED ONLY ON THE END EXCEPT BY A STAMPING PROCESS RATHER THAN GRINDING .
THE PAPER WRAPPER IS EVOLVING TO A LARGER SIZE ENVELOPE AND THE DIRECTIONS AND WORDING ARE WHAT WE SEE ON ALL THE LATER VERSIONS PAPER WRAPPERS .
( click on thumbnails below to enlarge photo )
LATE 1950 OR EARLY 1951 US G G GREENE ?
P - 38 & WRAPPER
UNBELIEVABLE NEW FIND !!!!
NEVER NEW EXISTED
Post WWII US AJAX
Ajax Hardware Manufacturing Corp
Los Angeles Calif USA
RAREST OF THE RARE P -38 !!
Post WWII WASHBURN ( JUST ACQUIRED THIS )
Other Washburns wrappers just have Rockford , ILL .
on it but this one also has WORCHESTER , MASS and NILES , MICH .
THE WASHBURN COMPANY info : http://progress-is-fine.blogspot.com/2016/02/vanished-tool-brands-androck.html
Below are Korean War era US KOOLAIRE P -38s .
Note the unique wax paper wrapper along with the regular brown Kraft paper wrapper that most P - 38s came wrapped in :
( click on thumbnails below to enlarge photos )
US KOOLAIRE
WITH
DOGTAGS
US KOOLAIRE
1950 WITH WWII SIZE WRAPPER
US KOOLAIRE
1951
US KOOLAIRE
WAX PAPER WRAPPER
1951
US KOOLAIRE
WRAPPER
1952
US KOOLAIRE WITH NO YEAR
MARKING IN A 1952 WRAPPER .
NOTE THE CLEAR PLASTIC ON THE BACK .
I JUST
RECENTLY FOUND THAT THE DIRECTIONS FOR USE
SOMETIMES SEPARATES FROM THE WRAPPED P-38
AND LEAVES THE CLEAR PLASTIC .
US KOOLAIRE
WITH
NO YEAR MARKING
Below are other Korean War era P - 38s & wrappers :
( click on thumbnails below to enlarge photos )
1951 US AJAX
Ajax Hardware Manufacturing Corp
Los Angeles Calif USA
VERY VERY RARE P -38 !!
US WESTERN NEWELL
Freeport IL
P - 38 & WRAPPER
1951
USA T&M CO P - 38 &
1951 WRAPPER
TOOL & METAL SPEC .
MFG .
CO .
INC .
US SPEAKER P-38
& 1951 WRAPPER
( THE SAME 1951 WRAPPER
WAS USED TILL THEY NO
LONGER CAME IN WRAPPERS )
U.S. P - 38
OBTAINED FROM A MILITARIA
COLLECTABLES STORE
IN ENGLAND .
NEW FIND IN VITANGE P - 38s
US P38 MARKING IN ITALICS
WITH NO PUNCTUATION ON US !!!
HERE'S SOME INTERESTING UNMARKED
VINTAGE P-38s FROM A MILITARIA
COLLECTABLES STORE IN ENGLAND .
THEY HAVE BEEN PLATED & HEAT TREATED
BUT HAVE NOT HAD THE MAKER'S NAME
STAMPED ON THEM WHICH IS A
US MIL - SPEC REQUIREMENT .
Below are a couple of examples of Food Packet Survival Cans with both P - 38 paper wrappers taped to the top and a key attached to
it 's bottom .
Believe they are probably Korean War era or after :
( click on thumbnail to enlarge photo )
Below are some late 50's & early 60's P - 38s & wrappers .
They appear to have used in the years just after the Korean War
and even in the early years of the Vietnam war :
( click on thumbnails below to enlarge photos )
USA T&M CO P - 38 &
1955 WRAPPER
TOOL & METAL SPEC .
MFG .
CO .
INC .
US G G GREENE
1956 , 57 , 59
US G G GREENE
WRAPPER & P - 38
1957
US G G GREENE
WRAPPER
1960s
US G G GREENE P - 38 AD
US G G GREENE
1962s
US COUNTY MACHINE 1960
BY COUNTY MACHINE CO , INC
BRONX NY
Below are some Vietnam War era P - 38s from various government contractors :
( click on thumbnails to enlarge photos )
US SPEAKER
P - 38 & WRAPPER
( THOUGH THEY CAME IN WRAPPERS
THAT WERE DATED 1951
THEY WERE VERY COMMON
THROUGHOUT THE VIETNAM WAR )
1961 & 62 US KAY
P -38s & WRAPPER
KAY TOOL & DIE INC
Union City Tenn
61s ARE VERY RARE !!
US MALLIN HDWE
SHELBY Ohio
P - 38 & WRAPPER
GO ARMYP -38
( THESE SPECIALLY MARKED P-38s
CAME IN A
US MALLIN HDWE
P - 38 WRAPPER )
US SHELBY CO
P - 38 &
WRAPPER
Below is a US Speaker P - 38 wrapper unlike any I 've ever seen before .
Inside is an
ordinary looking US Speaker with no year marking .
I think it has been either repackaged or is
one of the last US Speaker P - 38s to come in a wrapper before being distributed in bulk wrapper less in boxes of 500 :
( click on thumbnail to enlarge photo )
Below are some modern P - 38s from various government contractors :
( click on thumbnails to enlarge photos )
US SHELBY CO
( MODERN )
US SPEAKER
( MODERN )
US
( MODERN )
MIL -J-0837
( MODERN )
Below is a vintage US CLARK METAL PRODUCTS P - 51 and a modern US SHELBY CO P -51 :
( click on thumbnails to enlarge photos )
US CLARK
Metal Products
P - 51 & Wrapper
US CLARK
METAL PROD
P - 51
US SHELBY CO
P - 51
( MODERN )
Someone sent me a History Channel P - 38 and the little history card that was included with it that he received when he became a History Channel member .
The P - 38 was a US Speaker that had been chromed for some reason or other .
Also they had a P - 51 drawing on the history info card instead of a P - 38 .
Below is the card 's front & back :
Here is a Nestle 's Milk P - 51 style opener , do n't know the year it was made
but the person I obtained it from said they thought it was pre-WWII :
( click on thumbnails to enlarge photos )
Below are a Swedish and Belgian P - 38 type can opener .
Both are just slightly smaller than a P - 51 and very heavy .
The Belgian version is almost exactly like the Swedish except there 's no stamp mark , hole & color is slightly different :
( click on thumbnails to enlarge photos )
SWEDISH
BELGIAN
Here is a ISRAELI DEFENSE FORCE P - 51 style opener :
( click on thumbnail to enlarge photo )
Another ISRAELI DEFENSE FORCE Field Can Opener :
( click on thumbnail to enlarge photo )
Below are examples of Australian and British versions of the P - 51 can opener :
( click on thumbnail to enlarge photos )
FOUND THIS HEINZ 57 P - 51
ON EBAY FROM AUSTRALIA
AUSTRALIAN
1975 ARMY
BROAD ARROW
TIN OPENER
AUSTRALIAN
TURNER
AUSTRALIAN
P - 51
BRITISH
P - 51
Thanks to Ernst
for the photo
MADE IN ENGLAND
P - 51
Below are German versions of the P - 38 can opener .
One has a screwdriver built into it 's top :
( click on thumbnail to enlarge photos )
GERMAN
Above is an illustration of a P - 51 size World War II German can opener stamped " Kamerad " .
Below is an English version of the P - 51 can opener made by Highlander :
( click on thumbnail to enlarge photos )
HIGHLANDER
Below is a Canadian version of the P - 51 can opener made by Coghlan :
( click on thumbnail to enlarge photos )
COUGHLAN
Below is a FRED version of the P - 51 can opener made by STANSPORT :
Below is a made in China version of the P - 51 can opener called Tracpac :
( click on thumbnail to enlarge photos )
TRACPAC
I 'm not sure about these P - 38 style openers as someone emailed the photos to me without much info about them :
( click on thumbnails to enlarge photos )
Some Communist multiuse P -38/ P-51s sent to me by John from Czech Republic :
( click on thumbnails to enlarge photos )
French type p 38 can openers
P hotos and information courtesy of French P - 38 collectors by the name of Roland and Daniel
Below are links to their FACEBOOK on P - 38s & can openers :
https://www.facebook.com/media/set/?set=a.484947711552234.105438.475603382486667&type=1
https://www.facebook.com/Ouvreboitesdumonde
( click on thumbnail to enlarge photo )
More photos from Roland 's collection :
P hotos and Information courtesy of P - 38 collector by the name of Grant Cooper :
Spanish Army ration opener .
As far as I know they are issued in all the rations ( that I have come across so far ) ,
It 's pretty well made and has a bottle opener and screwdriver included with it .
Norwegian Army ration opener
Danish P38 .
Made by Raadvad in Denmark
VINTAGE WWII , KOREAN & VIETNAM P -38 CAN OPENERS
FOR SALE - CLICK HERE
BELOW ARE P -38 STORIES & TESTIMONIALS
THAT PEOPLE HAVE SENT ME .
THEY MIGHT MAKE YOU GRIN OR MAY SAVE YOU THE GRIEF OF LOSING YOUR PRIZED VINTAGE P - 38 :
" THE ENVIRONMENTALLY FRIENDLY CAN OPENER "
( THIS IS THE FIRST P - 38 STORY I RECEIVED )
The manufacturing of an environmental can opener ( P - 38 ) requires very little in the way of raw materials .
The environmental can opener is very small and light weight .
It takes less big , smoky trucks to transport it from the factory .
The environmental can opener almost never breaks or wears out , so the big , smoky trucks can leave the factory less often .
The environmental can opener does not plug into the wall , it runs on people power , so it saves energy .
The environmental can opener does not come in a box , or have an owner ??s manual , so it saves trees .
Since the late 1970 ??s , when I received one of these can openers from my Marine recruiter , I have owned no other can opener .
GySgt Alexander B. Hepler USMC ( Ret . )
COURT CONFISCATION
Thank you for the Mail in Special .
My P - 38 was confiscated in court last month .
I had had it on my keychain for over thirty years .
Please send another .
Thanks , Jon B , Roanoke VA
P - 38 Story
Hi , Jim .
Mine 's a G. G. Greene dated 1962 .
I took it from a box ofC- rations in 1963 , on Okinawa .
It went onto my dog - tag chain , and it is still with my tags .
( I had a duplicate set of tags made , which I turned in when I got discharged ) .
Every time I look at the tags or the P - 38 , I can time - travel .
The most interesting stuff that we loosed with our P - 38 ' swas the canned crackers , which we would takeout and pre-fractureby hitting them with our .45 's , rather than trying to bite them .
Anyway , the P - 38 was the takedown tool for our M2 Carbines , which always began with loosening the band screw and ended with re-tightening it , and it was perfect for levering straight the cotter pins in various firing devices .
I should add that , when I got out of the army and discovered that P38's were n't commonly available in the civilian world , I would buy them at gun shows almost compulsively - as if life would not be right if I or my relatives did n't have an adequate number of P38 's lying around .
Somehow , to a couple of generations of servicemen , these things became the most endearing little pieces of metal , ever .
Regards , Dennis M
P-38 RETAINER CLIP
( click on thumbnails to enlarge photos )
James , I have designed a simple yet effective P - 38 retainer clip for those old and worn P - 38s that annoyingly find a way to open in your pocket .
I have known many to tear or poke holes in their pocket due to worn P - 38s .
It will probably involve me sending you a P - 38 with the clip installed to show you what I mean .
It 's a little hard to put into words .
Know anyone with this problem ?
Roger Graves
BROKEN P- 38
( click on to enlarge photo )
Old , tired and broken this P - 38 faithfully served David T thru Vietnam , Lebanon and then
the rest of it's life with distinction in the USAF Military Police and civilian life .
It will be missed .
P -38 COLLECTION
( click on to enlarge photo )
Hello , I enjoyed your page displaying the p38 can openers and thought I could share my collection .
At least my collection thus far :
1. British style can opener sold by Highlander Adventure Equipment ( purchased from store in Britain )
2. Chinese version of British style can opener
3. East German can opener .
Stamped on side " Standard EVP 0.1 C "
4. Belgian can opener
5. US can opener , similar to p38
6. US p38 can opener , stamped on side " MIL - J - 0837 "
7. Chinese version of p51 , sold by Stansport as G.I. Style Can Opener
8. US p51 can opener , stamped on side " US SHELBY CO "
9. US p51 can opener , stamped on side " US CLARK METAL PROD "
10 . US p38 can opener , stamped on side " US SHELBY CO "
11 . US p38 can opener , stamped on side " US SPEAKER "
I occasionally travel and lately have taken to giving away p38 can openers .
( They make great conversation starters although it seems only men over 40 years old actually know what they are ) .
On a recent flight I gave one to the woman sitting next to me .
The flight was cancelled and we all headed back to the ticket counter to reschedule our flights .
As luck would have it , we are sitting next to each other on the rescheduled flight .
Thing is , her p38 can opener had been confiscated by security !
The 6 or 7 p38 can openers I had in my carry - on were not even noticed .
Of course I gave her another one .
Have a great day !
Michael
DON'T TAKE YOUR P - 38 TO AN AIRPORT , IT MAY GET CONFISCATED !
Unfortunately , I have a bad news story to tell and warn others about .
I was just on a business trip from BWI airport in Baltimore to Tucson , AZ on business and had my P - 38 confiscated off of my keyring by airport personnel .
This was my father 's P - 38 from 1952 that he had in Korea .
I was upset to say the least since I traveled in January this year and had no problems with keeping it .
Bottom line :
Do n't take it to the airport , leave it at home if you want to keep yours .
Roger B
Sterling , VA
AIRPORT CONFISCATION STORY FROM THE DETROIT NEWS !
THE ARMY gave Ron Hingst a P - 38 when he was 19 years old , and he carried it faithfully for 35 years , through good times and bad times and lots of airports .
A security guard at Newark International snatched it away this month , and now there 's an empty place in the Howell man 's heart .
Also , his key ring is lighter .
Hingst 's P - 38 was not the Walther pistol of the same name , or for that matter the P - 38 Lightning fighter plane from World War II .
It was a can opener -- a 1 1/2 - inch - tall piece of metal with a small , hinged triangular beak that folded out to puncture lids .
The Army developed the P - 38 in all of 30 days in 1942 .
Many consider it the military 's greatest invention .
It does n't break , rust or dull , and until C-rations were replaced by Meals , Ready to Eat , the P - 38 was a soldier 's invitation to dinner .
As two generations of veterans can tell you , the P - 38 was also a first - rate screwdriver , boot cleaner , letter opener , carburetor repair tool and anything else you needed it to be .
But today , apparently , it 's dangerous and obsolete .
Hingst , 54 , flies at least once a month .
A few weeks ago , he and his P - 38 set off to Quebec City to play hockey .
He went from Detroit to Boston and Boston to Newark , and his can opener passed muster twice .
Then , on the final leg of the trip , a guard stopped him .
" You got to give me that , " the man said .
" C'mon , " Hingst protested .
But the clock was ticking , the line behind him was only growing longer , " and what could I do ?
I 'm going to argue about my can opener ? "
Coming home through Boston a few days later , Hingst saw a uniformed National Guardsman and decided to get himself some sympathy .
" Can you believe I had my P - 38 confiscated ? "
Hingst said .
" Well , it should have been , " said the Guardsman .
" The 38 is a sidearm . "
Hingst thus discovered that the P - 38 is no longer standard issue .
So he still does n't have his can opener , and now he feels old .
by Neal Rubin / The Detroit News Feb 20 , 2002
DON'T TRY TO TAKE YOUR P - 38 ON A PLANE IN DENVER !
I read the story from Ron Hingst .
I know how he feels !
I was " relieved " of my can opener by the airport security , too .
I was not in the armed forces , but my father , who is a Brigadier General , was in the Army for 44 years .
When I was 12 years old , we lived at Ft Polk , Louisiana during the Berlin Crisis / Cuban Missile Crisis .
On Armed Forces Day 1962 , I was given a P - 38 can opener .... and I LOVED it .
I have kept it closely guarded for 42 years !
I have flow to NYC , LA , Atlanta , Houston , Dallas , San Antonio , Milwaukee , Madison , New Orleans , Casper , Billings , Newark , Miami , Orlando , Shreveport , Chicago , Cincinnati , Las Vegas , San Francisco even to Mexico and Germany with that can opener in my purse .
NO ONE HAS EVER QUESTIONED MY INTENSIONS !
I went to Aspen , CO earlier this month and to my dismay the Gestapo at the Denver airport took it !
I did not even have it on my key ring !
They had to DIG in my zipped & snapped coin purse .
What did they think I was going to do with it ?
My keys are a much more lethal weapon , even hot coffee would be more deadly !
( IF I WAS DUMB ENOUGH TO DO SOMETHING to someone on a plane ! )
That P - 38 was a part of me ....... part of my proud history as an " Army brat " .
I am angry and saddened at the loss .
And I DID MISS my plane , because these people were so completely unreasonable .
While the spent time harassing me , REAL terrorist were probably allowed to go through with no problem !
Now I am glad to see that I can get another P - 38 from Georgia Outfitters .
I think I will order 25 and give them as Christmas gifts ( with caution notes attached ) .
Lee Ellen
San Antonio , TX
CONFISCATED IN BLOOMINGTON !
My P - 38 was also confiscated at the airport in Bloomington , Illinois .
I 've flown all over the world with that P - 38 on my keyring never thinking twice about using it as a deadly weapon .
Even when I explained that I could do more damage with the keys on my ring , the keys were not confiscated , only the P - 38 .
My husband bought me a new one but it 's not the same .
It 's almost as if they took a piece of me away from me .
I sure wish I had seen your site before that terrible trip .
Jenny
Albany , Georgia
KNOWS THE VALUE OF THE P - 38
I 'm 17 years old and I do n't know what I would do without my P - 38 .
It 's gotten me out of several odd situations .
The spool on my fishing reel jammed and my P - 38 got me out of it .
Fixed the pins on my video game cartridge .
Popped the back off of my watch .
Tightened the bolts on my Bass guitar .
A lot of veterans feel old when they carry something like a P - 38 because it is so dated .
I know that I love mine , and I have friends in school who love theirs .
And no one in an airport is taking it from me . :-P
Tony K
C/ Lt. Col. , AFJROTC
Las Vegas
WOULD FEEL NAKED WITHOUT IT
Next year will be 30 years that I have been carrying the same P - 38 ??
John Wayne ??.
Mine is a Shelby that came from a C - rat box on Pohakuloa , Big Island of Hawaii while with Battery A , 1st Bn , 12th Marines .
At any rate I got one , put it on my tags and now it ??s on my key ring .
In 25 years , I have been stationed with the 10th Marines , 12th Marines , 8th and briefly the 6th Marines as well as a few 2nd and 3rd FSSG Battalions ( 8th Comm Bn , and Charlie Med. , Camp Hansen Okinawa ) .
My trusty P - 38 has been with during the whole time .
A while back , someone borrowed my keys to open a can of coffee .
They were late bringing the keys back , but I wasn ??t so worried about my house or car keys , my P - 38 was on that ring and I worried that someone would take it off the ring and I would never see it again , and several jokes were made about me to that effect .
As others have said , if they lose it , a piece of them disappears with it .
I guess if we treasure it that much , it should be in a safe deposit box , but I would feel naked without it .
Joe P
HMC ( SW / FMF ) USN , Ret
Around the world with my John Wayne
Here 's my story .
I acquired my P - 38 roughly two years prior to joining the world 's finest Navy .
I have it on my key chain right now .
When my father , a former army puke , first saw it , he relayed to me many stories of how useful to him it was while in the field .
We have been around the world together , my P - 38 and I .
I have used it during many evolutions on board various ships : General Quarters , Underway Replenishments , Vertical Replenishments , Sea and Anchor Detail and many , many watches that I stood .
It was taken it into the heart of the White Sands Missile Range while we built sites to be blown up by various missiles and bombs .
It has been to Japan , Korea , Singapore , Australia , Africa , Hong Kong , China , Malaysia , Mexico and many wonderful states here in America .
I have shared it 's wonderful simplicity with family , friends and sailors .
I have used it to open coffee cans , smoked oyster cans , soda cans , tuna cans , salmon cans .
I have used it to cut plastic , paper , string and rope ( that took a lot of patience ) .
It 's versatility and ease in storage has made it a wonderful tool .
A group of guys in my division are getting an order together as I type this .
My son is now in Boy Scouts .
He will be receiving my P - 38 as my older hands require me to move up to a P - 51 .
I am willing to bet that my JW will be passed on to his son as well .
ETC David B
FLEASWTRACEN
IN GOD WE TRUST
ALL OTHERS PAY CASH
STORY FROM A TSA PASSENGER SCREENER
As a passenger screener , an older vet came thru my checkpoint , he set off the metal detector so off he went to secondary screening .
I was the screener and told him to empty his pockets , of which was his P38 which set off the detector .
I asked him where he got it , and the told me he was a WWII vet and had it for many years .
I mentioned that I had one very similar when I served in Vietnam .
I saw no value in confiscating it and told him to put it back in his pocket and move along .
Less then 3 inches i believe is acceptable for sharp objects by the way .
This Memorial Day will be the largest gathering of WWII vets for the grand opening of the WWII Memorial in DC .
I always keep an eye out for vets and actives alike , and go out of my way to assist them .
D , a TSA screener .
Unofficial Required Piece of Scout Equipment
When I was a kid in the Scouts in the 70's in southern Mississippi , a P - 38 was unofficially a required piece of equipment .
Not only could you find them in Military Surplus stores and outdoor supply stores the Scout main council shop would always have them on hand for a quarter a piece .
Plus they had them for sale in just about every Scout Camp commissary that I visited in the entire state .
We would even have competitions in the troop to see who could open a can the fastest when we were on a weekend campout .
Carl M
Old Soldier Category
I work as a Veterans representative with my office in a local National Guard Armory .
They were getting ready to deploy to the Mid East and I pulled out my keychain with my P38 .
After using it to take out a screw and cutting some 100 mph tape a young Sgt asked , " What 's that thing ? "
I replied , " A P38 " His reply was What 's a P38 ? "
I knew then that I was in the old soldier category .
David B
VA Veterans Rep
Paducah , KY
His indispensable P - 38 went to his grave with him .
Hello -
My name is Joshua Nelson .
And I have a little story for you .
During my childhood years I spent most of my time with my grandfather , a man I highly respect even in passing .
Edward Hyland , or simply Paw - Paw to the grandkids , was full of stories and life experience and handed them out only in small doses .
Pretty much a quiet man but when he talked everyone listened .
Paw - Paw carried very few things about him but a few were as indispensable as his wallet and keys .
He carried a solid old Buck knife , a weathered Zippo that was a bowling league trophy , and his P - 38 .
As the years past the Buck , the Zippo , and the P - 38 were never replaced and never forgotten .
The P - 38 always struck my brother and I as bit a strange but we could n't deny the simple uses it had .
So of course , being young , it became a magic wand of sorts .
The brakes on your bicycle need adjusting ?
The P - 38 to the rescue !
Small bit of string on your pants ?
The P - 38 to the rescue .
That little " magic wand " did everything from removing small pebbles from shoes to cutting the plastic bands around Christmas toys .
I wo n't say the P - 38 ever saved my life but it certainly helped a quite a bit .
Now the famous story that my grandfather attributes to his P - 38 was his uses of it during surveillance missions over Southern China .
He was a photographer and his mission was to recon the seas around Japan for any suspicious activity .
Supposedly the camera equipment that he used required special tools remove it from the mounting .
Being in a rattling aircraft the camera would break down continuously and due to the same rattling he would always lose screwdrivers .
But since the little " P - 38 " was always around his neck , he never worried .
My grandfather has since passed away and I inherited his pockets so to speak .
His Zippo sits in my pocket as well as that sturdy old Buck knife but I 've had to buy my own " P - 38 " from an Army / Navy .
It seems to have disappeared and the joke between my brother and I was that it went to his grave with him .
You never know when you might find use for it .
- Joshua A. Nelson
A P-38 saved the day
My brother and I were on our first deer hunting trip with my father and his buddy .
I was 12 and my brother was 13 at the time .
After our first full day of hunting we all met back at camp , extremely hungry and tired , and we got ready to prepare our dinner .
We were going to be having steaks on the grill and pork and beans .
As we were preparing our dinner for the night my father asked that my brother or I go and retrieve a can opener for the beans .
After searching long and hard , and hoping that it was n't my job to remember the can opener , I told my father that someone must have forgotten it .
He stood there shaking his head in disbelief , " well looks like we wo n't be having beans tonight " he replied in a not so friendly tone .
Then I remember his buddy taking his keys out of his pocket and holding them against the can and twisting them around and around until the top finally came off .
I thought he was amazing to be able to open the can of beans with his keys and I asked how did you do that ?
Then he held upthis little gadget attached to his keychain that I had never seen before , and he and my father replied at the same time " the P - 38 " .
He and my father shared a pretty good laugh after that both having served in the Army .
I had never heard of one or seen one up until that point , but I 'll never forget thinking ...... that is the coolest little thing ever .
So the P - 38 saved the day , instead of having burnt steaks that night we had burnt steaks and pork and beans .
Bob B
Schaumburg , IL
P - 38 story from Jeff W
my step father and I go to Seattle every year on a outdoor adventure with a high school buddy of his .
This gent is special forces , live off the land bring minims in with you .
So we go to Mount Saint Helens ( 1 week before they say she is going to blow again ) there is this beautiful trout lake at the base
after 2 hr logging road drive , hike in 1 hr in the dark 75 pound packs .
sleep on the mountain side overnite ( almost went over cliff so decided to camp )
early rise then a 6 mile hike 2000 foot drop ( only 1 mile if i was a bird )
and we are there and it is beautiful the fish are biting the elk are all over the view is breath taking
The can of beans breaks the cheap can opener we brought ( he is frugal and buys everything surplus and second hand )
good for budget bad for beans
nuts all we have is beans and trout and beer
he carried the beer ( his pack was 100ish )
He smiles and pulls out his wallet old leather and worn there is a nice indent from were he pulls the p -38 and how cool is that i say .
At the end of every trip he thanks the lord for good times good friends and nobody died .
i added the p-38 if not for that handy little thing that trip would have been bean less
now i have a nice indent in my wallet and not the round kind
thank you lord for crafty people to invent crafty things
P -38 CHECK
Hey , thanks a million !
I still have the P38 that was on my dog - tag chain in Vietnam 67 / 68 - 176 combat missions on EC - 47s .
I had seen the P38 web site when my boss had his taken away by airport security - also from Vietnam .
I can't think of a better " gimme " gift for my old GI friends .
Every so often when we have a get - together at a little bar here in San Antonio that I first went to in ' 63 I call for a " P38 Check ! ! " ( an old tradition ) - and anyone without a P38 buys the next round (s ) !!
Thanks !!!
George
" BIG DAVE "
Back in the 70's I worked with an ex-Green Beret who was also an ex-POW .
" Big Dave " had some great stories about Vietnam .
I bugged him one day to tell me about how he got captured .
" It was fast , " he said .
He and four other Berets were going someplace to blow up something and they were jumped and all of the guys that were with him were killed .
Dave was wounded and the VC grabbed him .
His attackers were all very young and proud of what they had done and decided to take Dave back to wherever they reported and show him off .
They made him strip .
One guy tied knots in the legs of his pants and stuffed his clothes in them and carried them , and another guy carried his rifle .
The only thing he had on was his dog tags which they did n't make him take off .
They walked all day and at night they tied him up and took turns watching him .
On the second day two of the young guys made a small cage out of sticks and fastened the sticks together with reeds which were strong .
They made Dave carry the cage during the day and at night they would put him in it and fasten the door with reeds .
It was so small that he had to bend almost double and could not sleep .
The third night he was wondering how he could get out of the cage and he remembered his P - 38 that he had duct taped between his dog tags .
He said a lot of the guys that he was with had sharpened their P - 38s and would use them as a small knife .
He had his taped between the tags like everyone else had done to prevent them from rattling and making noise .
Dave untapped the tags and took out the P - 38 and went to work on the reeds and cut them enough to get out of the cage .
Dave said the young guys were all asleep because they knew he was n't going anyplace .
He grabbed his rifle and checked to see if they had left it loaded , which they had .
He shot all of them where they slept .
He got his clothes and got dressed .
His feet were so sore he had trouble putting on his boots and his wound in his arm looked and felt infected .
He headed back in a hurry the direction they had come in .
It took him four days to meet up with some friendlies .
He finally got back to his company only to find out that they had him down as being AWOL .
After telling his story and showing them his wound he was given a nice R&R inJapan and a pat on the back ..
JUST THOUGHT OF ANOTHER P - 38 STORY ..
I HAD MY OWN CARPENTRY BUSINESS AND HAD A GUY WORKING FOR ME WHO ALSO WAS IN NAM .
HE LOVED TO TELL STORIES TOO .
HE WAS RIGHT OUT OF BOOT CAMP WHEN HE GOT THERE AND EVERYTHING WAS NEW TO HIM .
THE TOP TOLD HIM TO GO DOWN TO THE SUPPLY HUT AND DRAW SOME BUG JUICE WHICH WAS REPELLANT , TOILET PAPER AND SOME OTHER NECESSARY THINGS THAT HE WOULD NEED AND THE TOP TOLD HIM TO GET A P -38 AND HE WAS TOLD " YOU WON'T SURVIVE OVER HERE WITH OUT A P - 38 " .
HE SAID " OH BOY A PISTOL " HE SAID WHEN HE DREW THE ITEMS HE ASKED " WHERE IS MY P - 38 ? "
AND THE GUY THREW TWO ON THE COUNTER .
HE SAID HE DIDN'T WANT TO ACT DUMB SO HE JUST PICKED THEM UP AND LEFT .
HE SAID HE LEARNED FAST HOW TO USE THEM .... TAKE CARE ...LEW
Hey Lew , I 'm a bit slow at catching up on what 's going on at the Mills web site but I saw the postings on the P - 38 this morning and just had to add my bit .
While I was stationed as Supply and Projects Officer for the Seabees ( NMCB - 7 ) when we first went into Vietnam we subsisted on C - Rations for the better part of three months ( until we could get a galley built and provisions shipped to us ) .
In each case of 12 assorted rations there were three or four P - 38s .
After a time everyone had their own personal John Wayne that they carried in their pocket or on a chain hooked to a belt loop .
I STILL to this day carry a P - 38 on my key ring and it's amazing how many times I 've used it over the years and how amazed anyone unfamiliar with the handy - dandy can opener is when I pull it off my key ring to open a can of coffee or other canned item .
At one time I had over a dozen but over the years I 've given them away .
I may still have one in a drawer in the garage - and , if I can put my hands on it , I 'll put it in the Silent Auction at the reunion this year .
That should get a few bids from some of us old farts .
" Drink " ( Captain Drinkwater )
Subject : Attn. P - 38 Story ,
Here is my funny story .
My wife ( girlfriend at the time ) asked me one day , " do you know what a P - 38
is " I replied , " yes , it 's a gun , or an airplane , right "
She preceded to
tell me about the can opener that she received in desert storm back in the
early 90's .
I could n't even begin to tell you all the uses she came up
with for this little hunk of metal .
I was so intrigued with what she had
to say , I wanted my own .
We looked everywhere , but not that many people
have heard of the little gadget .
Most people I asked told me , " yea , I
know what a P - 38 is , It 's a pistol "
Well I finally found a military surplus store near my house , so I decided
to try it out .
I asked the guy behind the counter , " you got any P - 38's .
I
was expecting him to show me a gun or something , but he pointed to a
basket on the counter full of little metal things .
I said No , I am looking
for the P - 38 can opener .
And again he pointed to the little tray .
I said ,
" do you know what I am talking about .
I want the P - 38 can opener . "
So he
went into the back room , came out with a can of corn or something , grabbed
one of those little chunks of metal from the basket on the counter and
BAM , less than 20 seconds he had that can of corn open .
I bought the entire basket of those P - 38 's that day .
About 100 of them .
I
gave them out to friends and family members .
Now everyone has one .
I will
tell all of them about this website , and maybe they will share their
stories with everyone as I have done .
J.W.K .
I 've carried a P - 38 in my pocket since I was about 4 .
I 've carried a P - 38 in my pocket since I was about 4 .
My brothers and me would get these from our dad who was in the US Army from the late 50s thru the early 70s , and Dad would bring home his uneaten canned rations sometimes because he did n't like 'em , and so we 'd mostly just eat the candy and gum and hid around while we smoked the cigarettes they used to put in those .
By the time I was 8 I could open a can of peaches with a P - 38 in less time than it would take me to tie my shoes .
You know how oftentimes if you get a P - 38 that 's not a tight one how it comes open in your pocket ?
Well the simple fix I have for that is to get one of those freebie key fobs ( a rectangle shaped one works best , or whittle a thin piece of wood or plastic into a rectangle shape and drill a hole in it for a keyring ) and put it on the keyring next to the P - 38 so the blade side is against the fob , then use a rubber band made from an old bicycle tube and wrap it twice around the P - 38 a gainst the fob .
That way the P - 38 wo n't come open in your pocket , and you do n't even have to completely un - do the wrap either , just roll the band down enough to let the P - 38 out to use it and vice versa .
As for uses for a P - 38 , one I 've never seen listed was as a spark plug gapper , and I have seen one used to set distributor breaker points ( not perfect , but worked enough to get the car started , that 's a variation of the old matchbook trick ) .
In addition to the uses I 've seen listed , I 've also used mine to pry outspent shells from my old break - barrel shotgun when the extractor broke on me one day .
Another time I used my P - 38 as a substitute for a thumbnail to open my pocketknife for a few days when I had2 sore thumbnails from shelling too many butterbeans .
My old P - 38 had a notch on one side which I made with a tiny file , so I could use it as a wrench to tighten up bicycle spokes , and the other side had a v-shaped notch , sharpened chisel - ground style just on one side , that I made with a little triangular file to cut things with at school because knives were frowned upon .
D H Atmore AL
P - 38 training and qualification program .
I am a Chief Warrant Officer 4 , with 33 years service , in the Montana Army National Guard .
Back in 1972 , I was introduced to C-rations and the wonderful P - 38 that was issued with them .
These days the vast majority of our Soldiers do n't even know what ANY P - 38 is ( airplane , pistol , or can opener ) .
We call these troops " MRE Soldiers " .
So , in order to preserve and pass on the P - 38 culture and history , we have instituted a P - 38 training and qualification program .
Each " MRE Soldier " is trained on the proper use of a P - 38 ( to include safety procedures ) and is then qualified to carry a P - 38 on his / her key ring .
We even have a qualification certificate which is issued to each trainee .
Just wanted to let you know that the Big Sky National Guard is continuing to carry on the education andhistory of the fabulous P - 38 .
CW4 John P , Heavy Mobile Equipment Inspector Supervisor , Helena MT
Mr. Clarke ,
Thank you for your site !
I have an old P - 38 that was my dad 's from his service in the U.S. Army between the Korean and Vietnam wars .
I keep it in his old mess tin which my two children and I use when we " bivouac " out on the old back roads .
His old P - 38 usually opens cans of beans we dump in the mess tin and cook over a trioxane fuel bar .
It 's satisfying to think that such a little thing has such an amazing history and is continuing to help make memories on its second " tour of duty ! "
Best regards ,
John M , New Woodstock , NY
My p38 will be handed down to my son soon , it has many years left of use I am sure !
Hi , in 1978 I got my first p38 when I was 15 from my uncle who was in Vietnam .
At first I did n't realize the potential and endless uses for it !
I became a construction worker and used the p38 not only for opening cans put cutting plastic sheeting , cleaning my finger nails , removing splinters , marking pipes for cutting , opening paint cans and a ton of other things too .
When I finally got married my wife one night was cooking dinner and was having trouble opening a can with one of those store can openers ( 1980 's junk ! ) , I used my trusty p38 and tore through that can quicker than she could believe !
From then on she used my p38 every time she needed it which caused some friction because she always misplaced my keys , I finally went to a surplus store and got her one which she still uses occasionally to this day but has switched to the newer electric can openers in our older years !
My p38 will be handed down to my son soon , it has many years left of use I am sure !
Thanks for the great web site !
Scott B , Barnesville , Pa
Nothing dramatic .
My father was in the Reserves from after WW2 until his retirement in the 70s .
He always brought home odds and ends from training outings
At one point , I opened up a P - 38 and used it to open some C - rats I 'd brought with me on a Scout campout .
This was during the VietNam war .
I 've had that same P - 38 on my key ring ever since , where it resides today .
It has opened countless cans , tightened countless screws ( slotted and Phillips ) , pried open countless stubborn lids , used to wedge nuts in place until I could thread a bolt onto them , and other situations I 'll probably never recall .
I once used a pair of locking pliers on it for extra leverage .
It has never bent , cracked , broken , or anything else other than losing its finish .
It 's sporting a nice polish courtesy of all the pockets it 's been in .
By the way , it happens to be a GO ARMY .
I kept it originally because I 'd never seen any others before or since .
Thanks for the website , and thanks to all who 've served our country .
Mark W
Portland , OR
Dear James
I logged on to your website and really enjoyed reading about your research into the P - 38 and the companies that produced it .
I am considering writing an article for our base newspaper and / or military journals regarding this little gem and will hopefully gather some documentation from the National Archives .
What I find I will be very happy to share with you .
However , here is my story of my P - 38 .
After college and a degree in philosophy I enlisted in the U.S. Air Force on 2 July 1976 , looking for something that college could not provide ??
direction .
I quickly adapted to the discipline offered by the military and the growing fraternal bond that military members experience .
After our third week we were marched off to the M - 16 firing range for two days of dry - and live - fire training .
Our mid-day meals were c-rations which proved to be my life - long love affair with scrambled eggs and ham ( I ?? m not kidding ??
I really liked them ??
couldn ??t stand the beef stew though ) .
Included in the case were a number of little packages bearing can openers that I personally thought were somewhat cleverly developed tools .
It was very interesting watching guys investigate these little contraptions .
While eating we were joined by a couple of civil service engineering guys working on the range infrastructure who later explained had been in Vietnam in the early 70s .
They ( and the TI ) showed us how to use them .
One of them named Steve picked up the P - 38 next to my boot and said this was the most practical thing the U.S. government had ever produced because it was made exclusively for the GI as a personal item to be carried through all sorts of circumstances .
He handed it to me and said ??
Put this on your dog tag chain and keep it there .
It ??ll survive a nuclear blast .??
He then showed me his key ring and the two he kept from Vietnam .
He said ??
This will be a constant reminder of where you ??ve been and your time in the military .??
Like some mentioned on your website , he used his to adjust the carburetor on his vintage GTO .
I took Steve ??s advice and kept it on my dog tag chain .
It went with me to security police air base ground defense training , my first duty station at Pease AFB , heavy weapons training at Camp Bullis and Fort Hood , my remote tour in Korea , the somewhat quiet 80s , the Gulf War , Balkans , and all the peaceful times in - between .
During the peaceful periods it was with me on my key ring .
The P38 now graces my silver necklace given to me by my family in the mid-90s .
Along with my wedding band , my U.S. Shelby
Co ( with the little arrow thingy ) P - 38 is my most treasured piece of jewelry .
I wear it permanently on a silver chain my wonderful wife and children presented me over 15 years ago .
But why is it treasured ?
I ??ll try to explain .
Military folks have a special bond .
We may be different in terms of personality types , genders , ethnic backgrounds , and so on , but we all served .
And we served for reasons beyond ourselves .
That ??s what makes military folks so special .
This little non-descript item called a P - 38 is that little , personal item that was considered one of life ??s little luxuries that , in many regards , provides us with a sense of identification when the world wanted to identify us by our skin color or religion .
It ??s similar to the dog tags , but it goes beyond the ?? meaning ?? of a dog tag .
It is almost a fraternal symbol of sorts , one that is instantly identifiable by veterans that used them .
My Shelby Co. P - 38 also reminds me , every day , of my service , and I cherish it along with the flak vest my mortar team signed while in Korea .
Unlike jewelry ( and the current infatuation with ?? bling ?? ) , jewelry calls attention to itself as a validation of ?? self .??
A P - 38 , in its non-descript form , is recognizable by those that served beyond ?? self .??
I suppose our P - 38s are more than symbols of a time gone by .
Our P - 38s remind us of us .
I have had several people ask me why I wear a silly little piece of stainless steel on my silver chain .
More than once I have tried to explain , and have even grown a bit quizzical myself as I try to explain .
More often than not , I stop , smile , and say , ??
Well , if you have to ask , you really wouldn ??t understand .
It ??s a bit silly , but you can ??t really appreciate how special it is until you ??ve used one under adverse circumstances .??
It ??s not that we ??re trying to be exclusive , but a civilian has a difficult time understanding what some of these little mementoes mean because they simply do not have provenance ( context ) with a specific event / place .
Civilians ( except for our awesome police , firefighter , and government peacekeeping corps ??FBI , homeland security , etc. ) rarely have to deal with dire circumstances that deal with the management , delivery , or receipt of deadly force .
However , when a fellow vet from the 1940s to late 1980s views it , the conversation usually starts with ??
Man , I used mine to do ( you fill in the blanks because the stories are as varied as they are interesting ) ??.
They then usually end the conversation with ??
Man , I wish I ??d kept mine .
It was one thing in this world Uncle Sugar game me that meant something to me .??
However , another phenomenon occurs , a phenomenon that seems to occur with military folks .
They usually connect the P - 38 in context with other people and events under somewhat dire circumstances .
Again , it ??s hard to describe , but the P - 38 ( like the C - Rat spoon ) my not just be the best thing the U.S. Government provided us , it may very well be the very best part of us who , as generations of citizen soldiers , have a small battle - scarred memento that reminds us of the days of our selfless service , adventure , and friends who departed defending their buddies and country .
One can ??t really carry around a Jeep or a grenade .
But one can carry their P - 38 ( and their C - Rat spoon ) .
In museological terms , the time - place empathy theory really abounds here because the P - 38 is an artifact with context and personal context at that .
Just watch / listen to any vet when they view the P - 38 .
Complaints of how much they hated C - Rats will probably be the first comment , but they identify with the P - 38 .
Again , social scientists and psychologists will have a difficult time with developing a theory .
That ??s because the P - 38 represents the best of us all ?? our humanity and soldierhood .
And maybe , just maybe , those that designed the item sixty some odd years ago with that little hole had something a bit metaphysical in mind .
If so , it was brilliant .
Of all the Government Issue items , this little piece of stainless steel grown grey with time ( and body sweat ) provides me with more memories and ?? provenance ?? of time / place than any other .
And , for that , I would like to thank the designers ( God bless em ?? all ) .
Maybe that ??s why we cherish it so much .
Anyway , while I don ??t wear the C - Rat spoon , it ??s been with me on most deployments and served copious amounts of peanut butter .
And it fits my mouth .
Over the past year I have re-initiated a small ceremony for our folks that are deploying to Iraq and Afghanistan .
During that small office farewell ceremony I present them ( military and civilian alike ) with a dog tag chain with a current P - 38 and pass on Steve ? ?s words .
??
Keep this close to you because you will use it .
And when all of the bad memories of death and stress have gone away , the P - 38 will remind you of those great people you served with .
Don ??t try to figure it out .
Just keep it and remember it in years to come .??
Today , I ??m saddened by the fact that we do not have an issued icon like the P - 38 .
Some guys still carry a grenade pin ( which is also a great item ) or other items they hold dear to a particular experience .
Challenge coins seem to have taken the place of these little items but have become somewhat too commonplace ( they personally never really held any special significance to me ) .
Now , the P - 38 was made by the U.S. government exclusively for GIs and those of us that have them know how important they really are because they have context .
Challenge coins rarely have context in a battle environment , unless they ??re presented in such circumstances ( and , if so , then that ??s absolutely wonderful because they hold special meaning to those individuals ) .
A challenge coin , however , is / was not made by the government exclusively for the soldier / sailor / Marine / airman / coast guardsman .
A P - 38 , grenade pin , C - Rat / MRE spoon is / was .
Now THOSE are challenge items !
It ??s a bit difficult to describe , but the P - 38 represents more than a commercially - made icon .
Something you used with a U.S. marking is an artifact .
Something you had commercially produced , well , that ??s still debatable .
Again , these are my opinions .
But I have 75 challenge coins and none of them hold special provenance or context .
My P - 38 does .
While on active duty and civil service time , I have used my P - 38 for the following : Opening cans ( I can ??t even begin to even estimate the scores of B units and beanie weenies it ??s opened ) , cut MRE packages , sliced tape , opened boxes ( including MRE boxes , which I don ??t like as much as c-rations ) , scraped goo off my jungle boots , fixed the screws in my glasses , trimmed thread from my uniforms , and the list goes on .
It even helped trim lace on my daughter ??s wedding dress in 1996 when no one could find a pair of scissors .
Sorry to ramble , but this is the best way I can describe what my P - 38 means to me .
I can ??t even explain it to my wife of 32 years .
She only smiles and says ?? I ??m happy it makes you happy .??
I ??m a blessed man .
Incidentally , I also asked her to bury it with me to inform archaeologists 10,000 years from now of the ancient ??
Shelby Co Culture .??
Will I pass it on to my family ?
Probably not , because only the owner understands its special meaning .
Bill " Digger " H
To read Bill 's article on the P - 38 for the Kaiserslautern American ( which is the base newspaper handed out to the Kaiserslautern Military Community consisting of Ramstein Air Base , Sembach Air Base , Vogelweh Air Station , and Baumholder Army Base .
Click on the following link :
http://www.georgia-outfitters.com/HarrisP38Article.htm
Classification : UNCLASSIFIED / NONE
There are several P - 38 stories to be told .
1. I am a high school administrator in my civilian job .
One day we were doing a classroom search for weapons and drugs when I noticed a detective had taken a student to the side for questioning .
The officer had found something suspicious on him .
When I approached I saw the item was a P - 38 .
The cop had no idea what it was , or its use .
The kid told me his brother was a Marine in Iraq and had given it to him as a gift .
I explained to the cop that it was not a weapon , and suggested the student leave his prized P - 38 at home to avoid problems .
2. I am a National Guard CW4 with 40 years in the Army on my second deployment to Iraq and the Middle East .
My trusty P - 38 still hangs from my dog tag chain .
It is as useful as ever , but I do have to explain to the children what it is and how to use it .
3 . Another odd use for my P - 38 was to set the points on my first car , which was a 1929 Model - A Ford .
The thickness of the steel was just right for the point gap .
4 . I bought my first P - 38 in the 1960s when I was in high school at Long Beach War Surplus , Long Beach , CA .
I did n't know I would have it 45 years later .
I bought two at the time , and lost one at Fort Ord in 1968 as a DI there .
They were GG Green , 1962 , production .
5 . The P - 38 on my key ring I have carried since the '70s .
The blade side is sharpened for use as a box knife , although it does not hold an edge very well and requires frequent sharpening .
It has traveled all over the world without any problems in airports .
6 . Back in the C - Rat days I gathered all P - 38s I could get from empty ration boxes , giving me a reserve stock to pass out to kids at school and even teachers .
At the time I thought the supply would dry up with the loss of ration cans .
I was happy to discover they are still in production .
No doubt there are more , but six is probably too many .
Take care .
You have a fun and informative site .
Tom
CW4 Tom M
I joined the U.S. Army in 1983 at the age of 18 , and went through basic training at Fort Leonard Wood , MO .
During field training I was given a P - 38 to open the c-rations we were given for meals .
The drill sergeant was quite emphatic when he said " This is the only one you will get .
Do n't lose it . "
Fortunately I did n't lose it .
I carried it on my keys for 20 + years and found it a very useful item .
It was with me in Colorado , Germany , The Netherlands ... everywhere I went I took it knowing I 'd probably need it .
I used it to open cans the intended way but also to pry open paint cans , as a bottle opener , scraper , Phillips screwdriver , straight screwdriver ... plus so many other uses I can't remember them all .
It was well used , often opened in my pocket and poked me in the leg but it still opened cans as easily as the first I used it on .
Unfortunately a few years ago I was swimming in a friend 's pool and had my keys in my shoe .
On my key ring were my P - 38 , a pair of folding scissors , and a pair of mini hemostats .
When I finished swimming and prepared to leave I found my utility ring was gone .
Over the last few years there have been many times I wished I had my handy little P - 38 .
I really missed my good old Mallin P - 38 .
Last week I was shopping on eBay and buying equipment to do a bit of camping this summer .
I had purchased a dome tent and decided to see what else the seller had .
What did I find ?
P - 38s in various quantities from 5 to full boxes of 300 !
I bought a lot of five .
The package containing the tent and P - 38s was delivered today and I now have four of the five I ordered on the table next to me ( I 've already given one to my mother ) .
They 're made by a different manufacturer and are labeled MIL - J -0837 so I 'm not sure how they compare to the Mallin .
Only time will tell .
Jim
Cuyahoga Heights , OH
P 38s and airports
Hey Jim , I had stumbled across www.georgia-outfitters.com and while reading all the different P - 38 stories , became somewhat upset over people having to give them up while going through Airport Security .
Especially when they had religiously carried this unitfor many years , after acquiring it during unusual times or from a special person .
However , we must take into consideration this is the same organization that almost did n't let General Joseph Foss ( USMC Ret. ) board his plane a few years ago because none of them knew what a Medal of Honor is and wanted to confiscate his as it looked like a potential threat to National Security .
If they should try to make one give up their P " the only thing the military ever really got its moneys worth on " 38 , you should politely inform your ( at this present time ) personal TSA representative that their list of prohibited items does not mention a " US ARMY PERSONAL CAN OPENER " , an " OPENER , CAN , HAND , FOLDING , TYPE I " , aP - 38 or even describe anything that resembles it .
However , after carrying a P - 38 all these yearsand personally witnessing the damage it can do to the pocket of a brand new pair of Wranglers , you can understand their concern , and if they will point out the little kiosk that allows you to mail prohibited items back to yourself the matter will be taken care of .
I 'll bet I just bought myself a trip to the " Can you step over here please " area the next time I fly .
My wife is gonna be thrilled .
I had to do this once before when every national news servicereporteda relaxing of restrictions allowing passengers to carry a small pen knife , scissors , nail clippersetc .
When TSA wanted to keep the Gerber money clip / knife I got for my fiftieth birthday , I realized what I saw on my TV might not have been accurate , go figure .
My Dad gave my brother and myself each a surplus shelter half , mummy sack , mess kit , canteen and P - 38 for Christmas about 1964 or 5 .
You add a couple of toy Tommy Guns and my little sisters ( she was about six ) pretend Nurse Kit and we 're talkin weeks and weeks O ' back yard fun .
The shelter half probably became a winter cover for one of the dogs with pups or an old motorcycle and the mummy sack lost about half its feathers and has been replaced by some of the vastly superior modern technology .
However it 's still in my garage just in case .
The canteen with it 's metal body and rattling chaincap sit next to it .
The canteen cup is now an important part of my canteen upgrade .
You know , the plastic one with the nylon cover and the little pocket for water purification tablets .
This combo lives in a Craftsman Backpack along with the mess kit .
The mess kit ( dated 1951 ) is still complete and other than being permanently black on the bottom from hundreds of fine campfire meals and both halves nicked from being lent to newbies for Snipe Hunts has no flaws .
The backpack also has a change of clothes , emergency space blanket , compass , Randall Survival knife , first aid kit , 3 or 4 MRE's and the other usual stuff .
Whenever my dog and I leave town it gets thrown behind the seat of the truck first .
But my P - 38 , its been in my pocket or the ignition of some vehicle I 'm drivin ' for pretty much the last forty some odd years .
I opened a large can of coffee with it just a few weeks ago .
Still works like a charm .
I 'll miss a flight before losing it .
I just hope the metal around the key chain hole can hold out for another 30 or 40 years .
I 'll be contacting you and if the new Shelby Co. ones are the same quality we 'll be placing an order .
It 's been a pleasure reading the stories on your web site .
Thanks ,
Mike
El Paso
Sir , I obtained my Mallin P - 38 in 1967 while serving in Vietnam as a Marine infantry combat soldier and I ?? m still using it to this day , in fact I used it today !
I also used it when I served in the Gulf War as a DOD Civilian to open the MRE packages .
Not only have I used it to open C - Rats in combat , I ??ve used for opening oil , grease , and beer cans .
It ??s been used as a screw driver for working on vehicles , zip - tie cutter , also used to open packages and plastic bags not to mention toys for children and later grandchildren .
It a constant companion on my key ring .
It ??s one tool I ??ll never be without .
The P - 38 has to be the most low - cost high - yield investment the government ever made .
When I use my P - 38 I have a lot of memories attached , both good and bad but I wouldn ??t be without it .
My wife is also a Gulf War veteran and kept her P - 38 from her Air Force basic training in 1983 .
She said it was the only time she was given C - Rats , after that it was always MRE ??s.
It is a ??U.S. Speaker ??
P - 38 and stays on her key ring also .
" S emper F i "
Jim S
Gysgt , usmc , ret
Vietnam / Gulf war veteran
It was 1983 .
I was 22 years old and it was our first night of bivouac in Basic Training at Ft. Jackson SC .
Instead of hauling a hot dinner out to us , they handed out cases of c-rations .
Inside every case was twelve meals , and one p-38 .
None of us had ever seen one before , but we quickly figured out it how to use it .
With only one p-38 per twelve guys I figured it was important to wind up with it at the end of the day .
So I politely turned down my turn using it until everyone else had opened their meals .
Then I opened mine , and quietly slipped the p -38 in my pocket .
It 's still in my pocket , on my key chain 26 years later .
I can't imagine it not being there .
Like everyone else fortunate enough to own one , I 've found many more uses for it that I can recall right now .
Thanks for all the great information about this amazing little tool .
Brett B
I was given my P - 38 at a Memorial Day Parade event in Houston , TX by a Vietnam vet named Maddog .
This was back in the 80's .
I have worn it on a necklace since then and opened beers when the tabs broke off , tightened screws , opened mail , opened packages and one time I even cut the ice around the car door with it .
Maddog thank you man .
It was his all through the war and now I use and wear it proudly .
Thank all out vets and friends .
Lauri
I wanted to tell you how much I 've enjoyed your page about the P - 38 .
When I was 18 I went to college at Ohio State and did n't want to pay for a dining hall meal plan .
So I moved into my dorm room with an illegal hot plate , a supply of Chef Boyardee and a P - 51 given to me by my dad ( a Vietnam Vet ) .
I used it throughout my college career and it now resides in my families camping gear .
Last summer I had the pleasure of of teaching my son how to use it and giving him the history of how I got it .
I like the idea that some day he 'll be teaching his kids how to use the very same one that my dad sent me off to college with .
We have a couple P - 38 's too , but I 'm particularly attached to that P - 51 from my dad .
Jody C
Marysville , OH
Proud Daughter , Wife & Mom
The little P - 38 saved the day during a power outage .
I Joined the Army in 1982 .
We were still eating C - Rats .
During basic at Ft. Benning I managed to get my first P - 38 .
Then during training at Ft. Lewis I acquired a second one and a P - 51 .
I kept them and used them often for more than opening cans .
In 2009 we had an ice storm that knocked out power .
My neighbor asked me if I had a manual can opener she could borrow .
I gave her one of my P - 38s .
She looked at that little piece of metal and then at me as if I had lost my mind .
I knew her husband was a Navy Veteran and told her he would know how to use it .
So the little P - 38 saved the day during a power outage .
Her husband had never used on but knew what it was and how to use it .
I let him keep it since it saved the day for him .
The funny part of the story is that I use a P - 51 as my only can opener .
I have been through numerous manual and electric can openers over the years and they all have broken but my P - 38 and P - 51 are still working after almost 30 years .
For the last 10 years they 've been all I use .
I just can't see spending money for modern can openers that break after some use when my p-51 and P - 38 can do the job without breaking .
So until they invent a can opener that will last , I 'm sticking with the tried and true P - 38/51 .
I am placing an order for some P - 38s and P - 51s .
I decided my Army issue ones have earned retirement after 29 years of honorable service .
I will use and carry the new ones so I do n't have to be upset if I loose them .
Patriotically yours , Eric
Hi James ,
Was just thinking about what to get my grandsons ( age 2 to 16 ) and it occurred to me that I have been carrying something on my key chain since about 1968 , and thought it would be a good gift for them .
After a quick Google search , I found your website concerning the P - 38 can openers .
That would be an Ideal gift for them ...
Anyway , here is a story of mine ..
The one I have is a Shelby Corp with the symbol as shown in your picture of the 1P38SHELBYVG .
I was in the Air Force stationed in Thailand when I first obtained mine .
I worked a lot of night sifts and after awhile the C-rations tasted better than the chow hall .
Of course after a few cases we all had a P - 38 ..
I worked Automatic Flight Control System maintenance on F - 4 Phantoms .
Early one morning we were notified of a problem with the flight controls on an aircraft that was fully loaded with napalm , armed , both pilots in the plane , and engines running .
I rushed to the aircraft and quickly saw that when the roll stability augmentation system was engaged , the ailerons would move to a hard over condition .
Because of the engine vibrations I also saw that the ailerons were moving up and down so I knew the system working and only had a trim problem with the amplifier .
In most cases a flight control problem would be criteria for aborting the mission so I had not brought any tools or test equipment with me .
However ...
The AFCS amplifier was located on the floor behind a kickpanel , on the left side of the rear cockpit .
I told the Pilot that I thought I could fix the problem faster than his crew could shutdown and move to another aircraft .
He told me to try ..
I had the pilot in back get out of the cockpit and stand by on the wing .
I then got in the aircraft and using my P - 38 unlocked the dzus fasteners and removed the kick panel , opened the access panel on the front of the AFCS amp , and as the pilot engaged and disengaged the roll aug , adjusted the trim potentiometer until there were no engage transients .
I then reinstalled the panels , got out of the plane , the pilot returned to the back seat and the aircraft departed on it's mission no more than 5 minutes later than planned .. and the only tool I used was the P - 38 ..
Needless to say , this two striper was pretty happy and excited and the chiefs and colonels watching were amazed that a can opener fixed their plane .
I do n't have many mementosof my 22 year career in the Air Force , but I still have and use that same can opener .
So , if you could let me know what P - 38 s you have available I would appreciate it .
I have purchased some from a ' surplus ' store but they broke in no time ..
Just not the hard steel quality of the originals .
The ones like I have will never break ..
Thank you , Lou H
P - 38 story from Author Marc J. Frattasio
I served on active duty in the Navy between 1979 and 1983 .
Unfortunately , the only time I ever had C Rations was while I was in training at the Naval Aircrewman Candidate School at NAS Pensacola , FL .
C Rations were replaced by MREs not long afterwards .
Part of the Naval Aircrewman Candidate School curriculum was a week spent out in the woods at Egland AFB for land survival training .
During the first day or two of land survival training , before we were set loose to " live off the land " for a few days , we were fed C Rations for breakfast , lunch , and dinner .
Most of my fellow aircrew candidates did not like the C Rations , but I did .
The instructors told us about the P - 38 can openers that came in the C Ration boxes , described how useful they were , and encouraged us to keep one and secure it to our dog tag chains , which I did .
Many months later , having completed all phases of formal training as a Lockheed P - 3B Orion non-acoustic sensor operator , I was assigned to Patrol Squadron 8 ( VP - 8 ) home - ported at NAS Brunswick , ME .
During my very first flight with the squadron I noticed that most of the other experienced guys on the aircraft had brought canned spaghetti , soup , or beef stew with them that they heated up in the cans in an electric convection oven located in the small galley in the back of the aircraft .
For my next flight I went out and bought a large can of Spaghetti- Os .
When I got hungry , I peeled the paper label off the can , put it in the convection oven , and hit the button that turned the oven on .
Twenty minutes later I put my Nomex flight gloves on , opened the oven , and pulled the can of Spaghetti- Os out .
The can of spaghetti was bulged - out on both ends .
Holding it firmly in one heat - resistant Nomex - gloved hand , I reached my other hand into the open top of my flight suit for my P - 38 can opener , which was still secured to the dog tag chain around my neck .
I punctured the top of the can with the P - 38 and KABOOM - there was a loud explosion followed by a piercing scream like a steam whistle .
A jet of tomato sauce that had been turned into live steam shot straight up out of the small slot cut by the P - 38 , splashing my face and the vinyl plastic covering the " ceiling " at the top of the fuselage with bright red goo .
I dropped the can , which rolled around on the aircraft 's deck streaming tomato sauce steam and making a big mess , and ran forward to the cockpit .
When I punctured the can with the P - 38 the pilots heard the explosion and the scream of the steam escaping from the hole .
They were calling the crewmen in the back ( I think this was a local area pilot training flight with just me and another guy serving as observers ) on the intercom and asking what had happened .
When I came forward into the cockpit with my face covered in tomato sauce the two pilots and the flight engineer initially thought that I was bleeding to death !
One of the pilots actually got on the radio and began to declare and emergency before I was able to explain what had happened !
Basically , what I had failed to realize was that everybody who put a can of something in the aircraft 's oven poked a vent hole in the top beforehand to allow the steam to escape .
I never made that mistake again .
Everybody on the aircraft got a laugh out of what had happened once they realized what had happened , except for me .
I was the one who had to clean the mess up in the back of the aircraft .
There was tomato sauce covering everything near the galley .
That particular aircraft , a P - 3B , always had a red stain in the vinyl overhead covering directly over the oven that we were never able to scrub out .
It carried that stain until we sent it to the Boneyard at Davis Monthan AFB when the squadron transitioned to P - 3Cs during 1982 .
For all I know it is still sitting out in the Arizona desert with that red stain in the overhead .
I still have that old P - 38 .
Its still attached to my dog tag chain along with my dog tags .
It served me well over the course of about 3,000 hours flight time on various model P - 3 Orions over my 20 year career in the Navy and Navy Reserve with VP - 8 , VP - MAU , and VP - 92 .
Marc J. Frattasio
Author :
The New Haven Railroad in the McGinnis Era
Dining on the Shore Line Route
Bob Tweedy : Engineer
The Minutemen of VP - 92 : The Story of New England 's Naval Air Reserve Patrol Squadron
VP Association Sea Story Library Volume One : Tales from the Naval Air Reserve at NAS South Weymouth , Massachusetts
VP Association Sea Story Library Volume Two : Tales from the Naval Air Reserve at NAS South Weymouth , Massachusetts
NAS Squantum : The First Naval Air Reserve Base
Web Site : http://www.gis.net/~fm
( posted 12/27/2010 )
" The P - 38 Award ! "
Dear James -
I wanted to relay another P - 38 story to you .
A few years ago , our jeep club , Blue Mountain Jeep Alliance was holding it 's annual Turkey Fry and four wheeling event .
As a trustee of the club , I was helping out in the kitchen that day instead of being out four wheeling .
I was asked to go out and purchase a few things that had been forgotten that day , so while I was out , I also picked up a cheap electric can opener .
Keep in mind , we 're on the side of a four wheeling trail for this event .
But I knew that our head cook had a power inverter in his jeep or at least he used to !
So much to my bewilderment , I had an electric can opener that was now useless !
We had many different cans to open up for our Thanksgiving meal on the trail ranging from cranberries to corn .
We were preparing a feast for 100 + people that day .
Thankfully one of our other trustees arrived a little bit later and saw our dilemma .
" Doc " who was a 20 year veteran as a Navy Medic attached to the Marines reached into his pocket and pulls out his trusty P - 38 .
He immediately goes about opening the multitude of cans that still needed opening for our feast .
Good old " Doc " saved the day !
Later that same year , at our Christmas Party , I was awarded what we called a Slammy Award .
The Slammies are an award that are given out to a Club member who manages to do something so incredibly stupid that it 's funny .
Needless to say , my award that year was entitled " The P - 38 Award ! "
Cliff " Blackcloud " Colbert
Blue Mountain Jeep Alliance
Symbol of improvisation at its ' purest .
My Mom 's 2nd husband gave me one in the 90's to carry around because I always have been a bit of a gadget collector .
He was a Viet Nam vet ( 101st airborne ) , and while not brimming with stories about his time there , he loved to give tools and gear that proved themselves out in the field to those he knew would use them .
I still have it with me , many years after a good man passed from this world , and although I never until recently knew of the history , or all the non-standard uses it has , I am happy to find out I am one of many to discover the right ways to use the wrong tool .
It is a symbol of improvisation at its ' purest .
As a side note about TSA confiscation , if you leave out the unfamiliarity of the P - 38 with the younger set , the laundry list of uses may also be applied to maybe ( possible stretch , I know ) the final priming or assembly of a troublemaking device .
When Gary Powers was captured , the Russian press of the time called his simple Swiss Army knife " A sophisticated espionage tool kit " or somesuch .
Lack of Common Sense sometimes applies to both Good Guys and Bad , I guess I have heard that some folk mail their pocketknives or other similar stuff ahead of time to their destination .
Then , when it 's time to go home , do it again , and have it waiting when they get there .
38s and 51s should be easy to send on this way .
Thanks for an informative and entertaining website .
Sam James III
No general procedure for bug checks will do .
Now , I wo n’t just assert that , I ’ll prove it to you .
I will prove that although you might work till you drop ,
you can not tell if computation will stop .
For imagine we have a procedure called P
that for specified input permits you to see
whether specified source code , with all of its faults ,
defines a routine that eventually halts .
You feed in your program , with suitable data ,
and P gets to work , and a little while later
( in finite compute time ) correctly infers
whether infinite looping behavior occurs .
If there will be no looping , then P prints out ‘ Good . ’
That means work on this input will halt , as it should .
But if it detects an unstoppable loop ,
then P reports ‘ Bad ! ’ — which means you ’re in the soup .
Well , the truth is that P cannot possibly be ,
because if you wrote it and gave it to me ,
I could use it to set up a logical bind
that would shatter your reason and scramble your mind .
Here ’s the trick that I ’ll use — and it ’s simple to do .
I ’ll define a procedure , which I will call Q ,
that will use P ’s predictions of halting success
to stir up a terrible logical mess .
For a specified program , say A , one supplies ,
the first step of this program called Q I devise
is to find out from P what ’s the right thing to say
of the looping behavior of A run on A .
If P ’s answer is ‘ Bad ! ’ , Q will suddenly stop .
But otherwise , Q will go back to the top ,
and start off again , looping endlessly back ,
till the universe dies and turns frozen and black .
And this program called Q would n’t stay on the shelf ;
I would ask it to forecast its run on itself .
When it reads its own source code , just what will it do ?
What ’s the looping behavior of Q run on Q ?
If P warns of infinite loops , Q will quit ;
yet P is supposed to speak truly of it !
And if Q’s going to quit , then P should say ‘ Good . ’
Which makes Q start to loop !
( P denied that it would . )
No matter how P might perform , Q will scoop it :
Q uses P ’s output to make P look stupid .
Whatever P says , it cannot predict Q :
P is right when it ’s wrong , and is false when it ’s true !
I ’ve created a paradox , neat as can be —
and simply by using your putative P .
When you posited P you stepped into a snare ;
Your assumption has led you right into my lair .
So where can this argument possibly go ?
I do n’t have to tell you ; I ’m sure you must know .
A reductio :
There cannot possibly be
a procedure that acts like the mythical P .
Keyword Search :
//
This content is displayed on clients who fail // the flash version check .
SWFObject is neato that // way - no need to have a tag .
require_once " galleryNoScript.php " ; ?>
$ dbh=mysql_connect ( " localhost " , " marsterra " , " gr33nm3n " ) or die ( ' I can not connect to the database ' ) ; mysql_select_db ( " marsterra " ) or die ( " Unable to select database . " ) ; ?>
Who ate all the fish food ?
It is n't just land - based pets that pile on the weight .
Clearly somebody has been throwing this corpulent carp a few too many loaves of bread .
The " precision attack " levied by James Appathurai ( October 17 , 2008 ) upon Seumas Milne 's column in the Guardian bears the usual trappings of Nato - speak and actions ( truth as collateral damage ) .
From 2006 to mid-2008 , US / Nato aerial attacks killed 1,488 Afghan civilians with 1,458 tonnes of bombs , whereas between October 7 and December 10 , 2001 US war planes dropped 14,000 tonnes of bombs resulting in 2,569 - 2,949 dead Afghan civilians ( or 18 - 21 civilians killed per 100 tonnes of US bombs ) .
Notwithstanding Appathurai's righteous indignation neither Milne nor I are saying that Nato deliberately targets civilians .
This is the old canard about intentionality .
We are saying that Nato 's aerial bombing in Afghanistan as an action reveals far more than Nato 's pious words .
The data ( actions ) belie Nato - speak .
The relative lethality for Afghan civilians of Nato 's close air support strikes far exceeds the lethality of the US strategic bombing of Laos and Cambodia .
The lethality of close air support air strikes to Afghan civilians as measured by the ratio of civilians killed per 100 tonnes of bombs dropped is :
• 2006 : 125-148
• 2007 : 119-153
• 2008 : 29-36
In all three years , the lethality of US bombing in Afghanistan exceeded by far that recorded in Vietnam , Laos , Cambodia , Yugoslavia , Iraq ( 2003 ) and Afghanistan ( 2001 ) .
By relying upon aerial close air support ( CAS ) attacks , US / Nato forces spare their pilots and ground troops but kill lots of innocent Afghan civilians .
Air strikes are four to ten times as deadly for Afghan civilians as are ground attacks .
And just for the record , so - called precision bombs were initially developed to save US pilots ' lives and US taxpayers ' dollars , not to spare civilian lives .
If John McCain had been carrying JDAM munitions over North Vietnam he may not have had to make as many bombing runs and gotten shot down .
Predictably , Appathurai proffers the Nato - speak about " the Taliban 's deliberate policy to use civilians as human shields " .
Evidence ?
None is necessary as years of bashing the Taliban has prepared most persons to accept such nonsense .
This myth has circulated since the beginning of the US bombing campaign in Afghanistan in October 2001 .
It is endlessly repeated by the US occupation forces , corporate media , the Pentagon , defence intellectual pundits , Human Rights Watch , the Cruise Missile Left , the humanitarian interventionists , and even some in the United Nations : Afghan insurgents hide among civilians whom they use as human shields .
To begin with , the assertion is never empirically documented but merely stated as a self - evident truth .
Second , the implication is that an insurgent or Taliban fighter , resisting the US / Nato invasion should stand alone on a mountain ridge , his AK - 47 raised to the sky , and engage in a " fair " act of war with an Apache attack helicopter or A - 10 Warthog and see who prevails .
Should resistance fighters stand out in an open field or on a mountain ridge ?
Third , what is conveniently omitted is that the insurgents often live in the area , have friends and families in the communities , and that such a local support base is precisely what gives a guerrilla insurgency ( along with knowledge of the local terrain ) its classic advantage .
Such local connection means that the insurgents will ( unlike the US / Nato occupation forces ) go to great lengths to not put local people in danger .
Purveyors of the line about the " Taliban 's execrable tactic of using civilians as human shields " are either themselves unaware of classic guerrilla strategy or , more likely , seek to manipulate the general public 's ignorance about the same .
Using the language of guerrilla warfare , can a " fish " swim outside of the " sea " ?
One recalls the US military 's campaign in Vietnam to drain the sea by creating strategic hamlets ( translate , concentration camps ) , seeking to deny the Vietnamese resistance access to sympathetic villagers .
Rather than the " hiding among civilians " canard , what is happening is that civilians figure prominently in the vast numbers of " militants " or " insurgents " reported killed in US / Nato bombing , as I have documented countless times in the Afghan Victim Memorial Project .
The latest egregious example involves the slaughter of over 90 Afghan civilians in Azizabad where for weeks the US military asserted that 30 " Taliban " had been killed and no civilians .
In other words , civilians killed by US / Nato action are being falsely labelled by the US / Nato as " eliminated militants " , which suggests that my overall count of civilians killed is a gross underestimate .
In addition , no doubt many cases exist where civilians have been killed by US / Nato action simply are not reported ( censorship by omission ) .
What needs to be made very clear is that Afghan civilian casualties are not accidents or mistakes .
They result from careful calculation by US commanders and military attorneys who decide upon the benefits of an air strike versus the costs in innocent civilian lives lost .
These are calculated predicted deaths made all the worse when US / Nato air or ground assaults are carried out in the middle of the night when the typical Afghan family numbering six to seven members is asleep .
Are we surprised that 72 % of the identifiable Afghan civilians killed by the US / Nato during the first eight months of 2008 are women and children ?
Jump to content
Q From Cristlyn Randazzo :
What is the origin of the expression ‘ I ’ll be your Huckleberry ’ ?
What exactly does it mean ?
A What it means is easy enough .
To be one ’s huckleberry — usually as the phrase I ’m your huckleberry — is to be just the right person for a given job , or a willing executor of some commission .
Where it comes from needs a bit more explaining .
First a bit of botanical history .
When European settlers arrived in the New World , they found several plants that provided small , dark - coloured sweet berries .
They reminded them of the English bilberry and similar fruits and they gave them one of the dialect terms they knew for them , hurtleberry , whose origin is unknown ( though some say it has something to do with hurt , from the bruised colour of the berries ; a related British dialect form is whortleberry ) .
Very early on — at the latest 1670 — this was corrupted to huckleberry .
As huckleberries are small , dark and rather insignificant , in the early part of the nineteenth century the word became a synonym for something humble or minor , or a tiny amount .
An example from 1832 : “ He was within a huckleberry of being smothered to death ” .
Later on it came to mean somebody inconsequential .
Mark
Twain borrowed some aspects of these ideas to name his famous character , Huckleberry Finn .
His idea , as he told an interviewer in 1895 , was to establish that he was a boy “ of lower extraction or degree ” than Tom Sawyer .
Also around the 1830s , we see the same idea of something small being elaborated and bombasted in the way so typical of the period to make the comparison a huckleberry to a persimmon , the persimmon being so much larger that it immediately establishes the image of something tiny against something substantial .
There ’s also a huckleberry over one ’s persimmon , something just a little bit beyond one ’s reach or abilities ; an example is in David Crockett : His Life and Adventures by John S C Abbott , of 1874 : “ This was a hard business on me , for I could just barely write my own name .
But to do this , and write the warrants too , was at least a huckleberry over my persimmon ” .
Quite how I ’m your huckleberry came out of all that with the sense of the man for the job is n’t obvious .
It seems that the word came to be given as a mark of affection or comradeship to one ’s partner or sidekick .
There is often an identification of oneself as a willing helper or assistant about it , as here in True to Himself , by Edward Stratemeyer , dated 1900 : “ ‘ I will pay you for whatever you do for me . ’
‘ Then I ’m your huckleberry .
Who are you and what do you want to know ? ’ ” .
Despite the obvious associations , it does n’t seem to derive directly from Mark Twain ’s books .
Short question , long answer !
From Conservapedia
Barack Obama and John McCain
Election Results
The 2008 United States Presidential Election took place on Tuesday , November 4 , 2008 , [ 1 ] with Barack Obama being voted in as the next President of the United States .
Senator Barack Obama of Illinois , the Democratic Party nominee , with Senator Joe Biden of Delaware as his Vice Presidential running mate defeated Senator John McCain of Arizona , the Republican candidate , and his Vice Presidential nominee , Alaska Governor Sarah Palin .
Differences between 2008 and other elections
In 2008 , CNN - YouTube held the first debate in which the questions asked of the nominees in each party came primarily from YouTube viewer submitted videos .
The debates received high ratings , however , CNN was criticized for not picking questions that were ' tough ' or pertinent enough .
One such example was during the Democratic Debate , when CNN chose to ask a question from a snow man , talking about global warming .
During the Republican debate , some claimed that many of the questions were from Democratic supporters just meant to embarrass the Republican candidates .
For example , a question over whether or not homosexuals should serve in the U.S. military was asked by retired general and gay activist Keith Kerr , an adviser to Hillary Clinton 's campaign .
The internet has also played a major role in the election , with then - Republican presidential candidate Ron Paul and Democratic candidate Barack Obama being very active on the internet .
Young voters
In 2004 , 64 % of voters aged 18 – 29 were registered to vote .
This year 75 % of voters in that age group are registered .
This demographic usually favors Democrats .
Fewer Uncommitted
Fewer people were undecided this election than in most previous elections .
As of the beginning of October , 2008 approximately 6 - 8 % of poll respondents were undecided , an amount that continued to decline as the election drew closer .
Election Day
The turnout was about normal , except for higher than usual rates among blacks , Hispanics , Asians , and voters under 30 — all Obama groups .
The turnout of evangelicals and whites was similar to 2004 .
There have been allegations of Democrats driving voters around to different voting stations , and as these are Obama groups , this would strengthen the voter turnout of this demographic .
Opinion polling
Polling Outfit Date Sample * Obama ( D ) McCain ( R ) Rasmussen Tracking
11/01 - 11/03 3000 LV
52 46 Zogby Tracking
11/01 - 11/03 1200 LV
54 43 Gallup Tracking Traditional 10/31 - 11/02 2516 LV
53 42 Gallup Tracking Expanded 10/31 - 11/02 2480 LV
53 42
RV refers to registered voters , LV refers to likely voters .
McCain vs. Obama
McCain had the early edge , wrapping up the Republican nomination before Obama was known to be the choice of the Democrats , but this was one of the few advantages he has had .
Both Hillary Clinton and Barack Obama raised far more money than McCain , and the Democratic primary saw a surge of new voters coming out leading to a large increase in the rolls of Democrats .
From the historical position of a generally equal number of Republicans and Democrats , the numbers have now tilted 41 % Democrat to only 32 % Republican .
From the time that Obama was declared the nominee , opinion polling showed him with a modest advantage over McCain in terms of who the voters would choose to be their next President .
Obama 's strategy was to tie McCain to George Bush , a very unpopular President , even though McCain was not a part of the Bush administration and often clashed with Bush during his time as senator .
McCain , for his part , had to walk a fine line with accepting praise from the President to woo conservatives , while at the same time keeping enough distance so as to not alienate moderates .
When possible , McCain went after Obama 's lack of foreign policy experience .
The trends heavily favored the Democrats , especially after their major gains in 2006 .
Overall , Democrat candidates have a +10 % advantage over Republicans in a ' generic ' election - the current unpopular President is a Republican , and the economy is treading water .
Also , based on statistical percentages of articles on each candidate , Obama was being focused on by the press far more than McCain .
When McCain chastised Obama for his lack of foreign policy experience and that he had n't been to Iraq or Afghanistan in years , Obama 's campaign set up for him to take a trip to both countries .
While this is expected in politics , the decision of every major network to send a team of reporters to follow him was unprecedented .
Obama spoke to 200,000 people in Berlin in a highly covered speech .
McCain spoke to 50,000 in Buffalo shortly thereafter and barely got a whisper .
Obama 's numbers started to rise , but a good deal of the populace was noticing the disparity as 48 % of those polled felt the press was trying to help Obama win .
Obama seemed pleased to coast on his advantages , but McCain realized he needed to shake things up .
He scored by pushing offshore drilling for oil during a time when oil prices were climbing almost daily .
Obama rejected the idea , but the poll numbers started to show a greater percentage of Americans warming to the concept [ 2 ] and McCain 's numbers started to improve .
Obama announced he would accept some measure of offshore drilling , and McCain 's momentum was halted and his gains retreated by a couple of points .
McCain started an ad campaign that acknowledged Obama 's celebrity status , but asking what it meant .
A few days later at the start of August he called out Obama for ' playing the race card ' when Obama made a reference to McCain and Bush trying to scare people because he ( Obama ) does n't look like other Presidents on dollar bills .
The Democrats fired back , but quickly let the issue drop when poll numbers showed that most voters did consider Obama 's statement to be racist .
[ 3 ]
The bounce for Obama after the Berlin speech shrank back to pre-trip levels .
While Obama continued to enjoy a slight lead in the polls , McCain continued to keep the race close without either candidate breaking away .
In mid-August , both candidates came together at the invitation of Pastor Rick Warren where each was asked a series of the same questions dealing both with political and personal views .
While not a debate , it was the first televised forum where both candidates had a chance to express themselves and their positions .
Obama hoped to appeal to Christian conservatives by expressing a religious side while McCain hoped to solidify the conservative base by sharing his own conservative and religious credentials .
The difference in style between the two was evident as Obama spent more time explaining and expounding on his positions while McCain was more straightforward and received more laughs with his candid speaking style .
The polling numbers continued as they had been .
There was a bounce at the start of the Democratic convention , but not what was expected as McCain suddenly drew even in the race .
The friction between Hillary Clinton and Obama as well as the perceived slight of Hillary when Biden was chosen as the Vice Presidential candidate hurt Obama at a time when his approval was expected to climb .
McCain then made a mistake by airing an ad of Hillary Clinton that ' supported ' him .
Clinton was set to speak at the convention and it was no secret that there was bad blood between her and Obama and it was widely believed that her support for Obama would be lukewarm at best .
Instead , apparently galvanized by McCain 's hubris before her speech , she came out strongly for Obama and rallied those who supported her .
Obama 's pre-convention edge returned .
Obama followed it up with a very strong speech the next day in a huge stadium with fireworks and a Greek temple .
Dick Morris , a former Bill Clinton political strategist who gave advice to the Republicans in 2008 , felt that Obama had done such a good job reaching out to the groups that he needed that he would pull ahead by double - digits .
In order to suppress the bounce from the convention , McCain announced his Vice Presidential candidate the next day , a woman , Alaskan governor Sarah Palin .
The bounce for Obama was muted at first , but increased in the following days to surpass pre-convention levels , especially as Sarah Palin came under heavy attack in the media .
The edge continued as the Republican convention began .
Losing a day to the hurricane , their shortened convention came out strong as well , emphasizing John McCain as a patriot and a maverick for change who is tested and will do what is right for the country regardless of political affiliation .
It was notable for the secondary role that the sitting President played , talking only briefly and barely being mentioned after that .
The convention tied McCain to Ronald Reagan , a popular Republican President who was able to gain the support of a good number of conservative Democrats , an ability that McCain would badly need to emulate .
While the convention had very high ratings starting with Palin 's well received speech , it was unclear what the impact would be in the polls .
Indeed , Obama continued to lead directly afterward , but that soon changed with a turn of about 8 points and a slim lead for McCain .
The Republican convention had actually more than balanced out the powerful Democratic convention .
While Obama had stated that his campaign would avoid negative advertising , as it became clear that the bounce from the convention was continuing to last and he might lose the election , his campaign turned more forcefully to negative advertising .
In ads aired since the Republican convention through mid September , McCain 's ads were about Obama 56 % of the time , but Obama 's ads were about his opponents 77 % of the time . [ 4 ]
Obama also received a large boost from the press which vigorously attacked McCain , but even more so Palin .
Obama appeared on The O'Reilly Factor and was treated with civility and respect , even if not with agreement .
McCain and his wife appeared on The View and were treated to openly antagonistic attacks .
The constant negative barrage and reporting slowly moved the numbers back to even .
As the negative articles on Palin continued to intensify , some of which just quoted celebrities who had never met her calling her " whacko " or a " hater of women " , her first major interview with Gibson was a turning point .
Gibson asked Palin about the Bush Doctrine , but would n't define it for her even as she asked questions for clarifications .
When she then answered with her understanding , Gibson rebuked her by implying that she misunderstood the doctrine .
In truth , since the term is only a press invention , it has taken on different meanings at different times and the definition that Palin gave matched one that Gibson himself had used years earlier .
Nevertheless , it was a moment and was jumped on by the press .
Those who saw the interview voted heavily that they were now less likely to vote for Palin .
The attack on her had muted her effectiveness , even if it was unjustified .
Stemming the tide of the McCain campaign 's lead became a strong swing for Obama with a series of events that went to the Democratic nominee 's favor .
The polls began to tack to Obama 's favor with the collapse of Lehman Brothers and a subsequent 500 - point drop in the Dow Jones Index .
Then , President Bush sounded a major alarm on the economy and proposed a huge 700 billion dollar rescue plan for the mortgage industry , which sent shock waves through the American populace and swept them with even more fear on the economic picture .
Bush called both Presidential nominees to meet with him and Congress .
It gave Obama a boost in legitimacy , his previous Achilles ' heel .
While he had a weak record in accomplishments and showing leadership , the chance to be propelled to a position of prominence handed it to him on a silver platter .
Moreover , the plan was more problematic among Republicans than it was among Democrats , giving Obama another boost merely by supporting it while putting McCain on more shaky ground .
Both candidates supported it once again blurring McCain 's advantage in experience if both men were seen as interchangeable in their reaction .
McCain chose to suspend his campaign until a deal on the rescue package was reached , a mistake .
The Democrats could add pork to the plan and make it even more unpalatable to the Republicans , and they did .
As the first debate loomed and no deal had been reached , McCain was in a quandary .
He chose to attend the debate under the view that the plan was well under way to being passed .
After the debate the plan was actually defeated and would n't be adopted , with more changes , until the following week .
McCain 's debate with Obama went well and he was viewed as having done better than expected .
Unfortunately for him , Obama was also viewed as doing better than expected and was seen as looking Presidential , further cementing his standing and locking in a lead in the polls that had become rather substantial .
The Vice Presidential debate was the most watched in history and Palin was given high marks for her performance , but unfortunately for the Republican ticket , Biden was also on his game that night and also came across well .
There were no changes in the polling numbers and the number of undecided voters began to quickly dwindle .
The second and third debates caused little change as well .
With Obama spending 110 million dollars on TV advertising in October alone , including 30 minute specials on each of the major networks , McCain was hard pressed to make up the necessary ground to win the election after being outspent by 3 to 1 for TV adds over that time period .
He could n't count on regular TV to help put in a good word for him either , as late night political jokes are running at a pace of 7 jokes against McCain / Palin for every 1 joke against Obama / Biden and a study of news stories on McCain and Obama since the end of the conventions found that 57 % of news stories about McCain were negative while only 29 % were for Obama . [ 5 ]
A later study by the independent Pew Research Center found that the discrepancy had grown even worse .
McCain had 57 % of the articles about him negative while only 14 % were positive , while Obama had more positive articles than negative .
The only network to achieve a balance , 40 % negative for both , was Fox News . [ 6 ]
General Strategy
McCain 's team emphasized to convince the electorate of the long - term leadership and experience that John McCain has shown in two decades of government service while emphasizing the relative untested nature of Barack Obama .
Obama 's team stressed that Obama is the candidate of fresh ideas while downplaying his relative inexperience compared to the more seasoned McCain .
When possible , McCain is lumped together with George Bush , an unpopular President .
Republican Strategy
With more limited funding than his Democratic rival , McCain had favored open town hall meetings to attract the greatest number of people .
He is focusing his advertising on swing states .
He also asked for open debates with Obama of the Lincoln - Douglas variety where candidates can talk directly to each other , but this was not accepted by the Democratic camp which prefers the current structured format .
McCain will highlight his record of leadership , his service to his country and stress that as President he can be counted on to keep America safe from outside threats .
McCain 's strongest supporters are the elderly - the group that most wants stability .
McCain 's choice of Sarah Palin as his Vice Presidential nominee was a departure from what was expected and helped to show that he would go down paths that the Republican party had not done in the past .
McCain has touted Palin 's record of standing up to the Alaska Republican party when she resigned from an Ethics Commission in protest over a lack of ethics of fellow commissioners , as well as when she ran against , and beat , then - incumbent Governor Frank Murkowski in the Republican primary in 2006 .
McCain will continue to tout her as a " maverick " to complement his own maverick image that he is trying to emphasize .
Last , by choosing a female running mate , McCain hoped to pick up the votes of female voters disaffected with the perceived slight of Hillary Clinton by Obama .
Prior to the start of the Democratic convention , 30 % of Hillary 's supporters had still not backed Obama and there was a good deal of bad blood between the two .
With the unfolding of the campaign season and watching the Democratic strategy and how it was playing out in the press and polls , the McCain campaign decided not to cede the moniker of change to Obama , but rather to take it upon themselves by emphasizing that McCain has a track record of change - while Obama does not .
The McCain campaign feels it needs to have the voters ask who can be trusted more to get the job done , and if that occurs , then they have the advantage .
With the selection of Palin , and the energy it has brought to the conservative base , McCain has taken to larger rallies , as opposed to town hall meetings and press conferences .
By mid-September , he had gone four weeks without a town hall , and three weeks without a press conference , instead sticking to larger engagements , appearing alongside his vice presidential nominee , with larger crowds than he had experienced earlier in his campaign .
Democratic Strategy
Democrats are confident that the low popularity of President Bush and particularly Operation Iraqi Freedom , which John McCain supports , puts them in a highly favorable position for 2008 .
They have been cautious in the Iraq arena realizing that ' The Surge ' worked and they were on the wrong end of that issue .
Focus is being put on a timeline for troops coming home , a position that most of the American population favors .
Democrats believe it is their race to lose , but also realize they had a good chance to win the last two Presidential elections and came up short each time .
General wisdom also states that a poor economy favors Obama , so they will emphasize the dire times in this area .
As in past elections , differences between those who have obtained a high income level and those who have not will be emphasized .
In fact , the Democratic strategy in many ways mirrors that of their strategy in 1992 when the Democrat - controlled Congress deliberately caused economic disruption , knowing full well that the public would blame sitting president George H.W. Bush , and thereby allowing Bill Clinton to win that year 's presidential race .
Favored by the young , Democrats will try hard to encourage and get out the young vote , a task that has proven more difficult than expected in the last two election cycles .
To their advantage , Obama made his vice presidential pick via text message to cell phone numbers registered on the site .
The announcement went to 3 million cell phones , a useful database for " Get Out The Vote " ( GOTV ) efforts , when voters may not be home or reachable on their landline .
As an extension of the DNC 's strategy in the 2006 elections , led by Howard Dean , Barack Obama has been working towards a " 50 - state strategy . "
The campaign is working to place campaign offices throughout the country with a focus on voter registration .
The increase in the rolls of Democratic voters from the primary battle between Hillary Clinton and Obama played out well for the Democrats and puts pressure on Senator McCain even in typically red states , and more specifically , " Lean Republican " states , to use the Cook Political Report 's term .
In addition , with a fundraising advantage , Obama is airing ads in those tight states forcing McCain to make decisions about whether to use funds to match ads and campaign efforts in those states or rely on historical results that those states will support him and focus funds in traditional toss - up states instead .
Fundraising
Barack Obama had a significant edge over Hillary Clinton in the fundraising department during their contest for the Democratic nomination , but both actually set records for raising money and both raised far more money than John McCain .
McCain did n't have to spend as much since he locked up the Republican nomination much earlier than Obama locked up the Democratic .
Both Obama and McCain said they would accept government funds — which would also cap how much the candidates could raise on their own — but Obama , who could presumably raise more through his own sources , changed his mind and later declined .
Much of McCain 's war chest will come from the Republican Party in general , which has more money to spend than their Democratic counterparts .
McCain 's campaign raised $ 47 million in August , a very sizable figure for him so far and a personal record , but not as strong as Obama 's best months .
In the same time period , Obama set a record with $ 66 million .
Obama , still having an edge in fundraising that has continued throughout his run for the Presidency , saw $ 10 million collected the day after Sarah Palin 's strongly received convention speech , a new one day record . [ 7 ]
The Palin announcement has been good for John McCain 's fundraising as well .
Obama set a new record of $ 150 million raised in September and over $ 600 million overall . [ 8 ]
Obama 's camp does not release information on who contributes to the campaign .
Conventions
Democratic National Convention
For a more detailed treatment , see 2008 Democratic National Convention .
The 2008 Democratic National Convention was held in Denver , Colorado , from August 25 to August 27 at Pepsi Center .
There , Senator Obama and his running mate were selected to be the party nominee's .
Barack Obama will accepted the party 's nomination in front of a crowd of more than 75,000 in a free , open event held at INVESCO Field at Mile High , in a platform resemblant to a Greek temple .
House Speaker Nancy Pelosi is the Permanent Chair of the Convention .
The convention had a rocky start as friction between supporters of Obama and the Clintons was not resolved .
Instead of Obama getting a bump in the polls , his support actually declined .
The Democrats also seemed to be at odds on finding a unifying strategy for how hard to attack John McCain and how to present it .
As Democratic pundit James Carville said in an interview on CNN , " If this party has a message , it 's done a < heck > of a job hiding it tonight , I promise you that . " [ 9 ]
A bleak convention was turned around by the Clintons .
Infighting between Obama and Hillary continued through the day of her speech , but a comprise was reached , and , beyond expectations , she gave a rousing speech for Obama - possibly as an angry response to McCain 's latest ad that showed her ' supporting ' him .
Bill Clinton the next night also praised Obama , something that he failed to effectively do in 2000 for Al Gore when he centered on his accomplishments and gave little more than lip service to Gore with statements amounting to ' and Al Gore was there too ' .
The convention , possibly remembering that , gave him the topic he was to speak on instead of choosing his own .
Clinton was angered , but it worked .
He came through .
By the time Obama spoke on the last night , the theme that was missing at first was clear , and Obama mixed a message of attacking McCain with the need for change and even outlining some expensive programs that would appeal to the target populace who has been lukewarm to him .
From a political point of view , the convention did what it was supposed to .
Republican National Convention
For a more detailed treatment , see 2008 Republican National Convention .
The 2008 Republican National Convention was held in Saint Paul , Minnesota from September 1 ( Labor Day ) until September 4 .
The presumptive nominee was Senator McCain .
The location has political significance in that Minnesota will likely be a close state during the general election , as will its neighboring states Wisconsin and Iowa .
The convention schedule had to be altered due to the upcoming landfall of Hurricane Gustav .
The first day almost entirely focused on raising money for Hurricane relief .
This led to a shortened three day convention instead of four and there was some shuffling of who was speaking on which day to accommodate the suddenly shortened time span .
In a surprise , George W. Bush was only delivered an eight - minute speech by satellite .
In another surprise Sarah Palin 's speech was watched by as many people as saw Obama give his acceptance speech on the closing night of the Democratic convention , as over 40 million people tuned in . [ 10 ]
She was considered the highlight of the convention , even surpassing John McCain 's speech the next day , and was noted for doing an exceptional job .
Recognizing the strong asset that they have in her , the Republicans made reference to her many times on the last day of the convention .
McCain , not known for being comfortable reading prepared speeches in a convention hall , delivered a solid speech .
While Obama continued to enjoy a lead in the polls , it changed quickly thereafter to a slight McCain - Palin edge .
The Republican convention more than canceled out a very powerful Democratic convention .
Leftist violence
Poster circulated by community organizers .
Other posters depicted rock throwers with the caption , " Shut Down the RNC ! , " dead elephants , and derogatory and demeaning comments about gay Republicans . [ 2 ]
Progressives for Obama shares a huge membership overlap with the Movement for a Democratic Society ( MDS ) , a group of former Students for a Democratic Society ( SDS ) members and sympathisers .
MDS re-founded SDS in 2006 for a new generation of college students and functions as a support group for SDS 's 130 college chapters .
Independent researcher Trevor Louden refers to MDS as " the brains behind the SDS brawn . "
The reconstituted SDS was very prominent in the violence at the Republican National Convention at St Paul . [ 11 ]
The founder of ACORN , Wade Rathke , denouncd [ 12 ] an FBI informer who foiled a terrorist plot to kill delegates at the Republican Convention . [ 13 ]
On August 23 , Senator Barack Obama announced , via text message to 3 million cell phone numbers of his supporters , his nomination of Joseph Biden to Vice President .
Biden 's selection was considered to be a prudent move by Obama , filling a hole in his own foreign policy experience that McCain could exploit .
With the implosion of John Edwards , Biden was widely expected to be the choice .
In order to help build up suspense , Biden said he was not chosen when he spoke to the press the day before , only to be shown as the Vice Presidential candidate the next day .
A long - term senator and Washington insider with over two decades of service in the Senate , his earlier 1988 plagiarism scandal and frequent gaffes ( including one in which he insulted Obama in a racist manner during the 2008 election ) were deemed to be less negative than the positive that his strong experience credentials could bring to the race .
Joseph Biden
thumb
Governor Sarah Palin of Alaska was announced as John McCain 's choice early on Friday , August 29 , the day after the Democratic convention ended .
A surprise choice not even considered by the press to be on McCain 's short list , her selection caught the political world off guard .
It had been expected that Mitt Romney would earn the honor , but McCain had other ideas .
At first denigrated by the people in the Obama campaign , Obama 's own statement was one of cautious neutrality to feel out what impact her selection would have on the race .
In an interesting twist , the selection of the Vice Presidential candidates changed the dynamics of the race .
By Obama picking Biden , he helped to fill the hole that McCain had been attacking dealing with a lack of foreign policy experience .
McCain 's strongest point , experience , would lose some of its luster .
But the selection of Biden , and the passing over of Hillary Clinton , left another opening .
By aligning himself with someone who has been a Democratic stalwart , Obama 's claim to change became less pronounced .
McCain seized upon that to select a Vice President that no one expected , and a woman , and steal some of the Democratic thunder .
Her lack of foreign policy experience would cut into the experience angle that had been in play earlier , but her own maverick streak in becoming governor by ousting another Republican , combined with John McCain 's maverick choice in selecting her led to a new emphasis on McCain 's own maverick past .
Palin arguably had more " executive " / managerial experience than either McCain , Biden or , notably , Obama .
Suddenly he saw an opportunity to steal the moniker of change that Obama had been wearing , and he went for it .
Such a change in position occurring from the Vice Presidential selection is rare in Presidential politics .
Debates
Presidential Debates
For a more detailed treatment , see 2008 Presidential Debates .
There have been three presidential debates for the 2008 election season .
The first debate on September 26 discussed " Foreign Policy & National Security " and also dealt at length with the economic crisis .
The result was a statistical draw where both candidates did better than expected in the eyes of the public .
The longer term impact worked out well for Obama who already had a lead going in , and benefited from solidifying that position .
The second debate on October 7 , followed a town hall - style .
The questions came from audience members and the Internet , as chosen by the moderator .
Again the result was a statistical draw as far as who was considered to be the winner .
But with time running out for McCain , he needed something to make the people move his way , and that required a clear breakthrough that never happened
The final debate was held on October 15 concerned " Domestic and Economic Policy . "
Both candidates were again viewed as having done well , which was a tactical defeat for McCain as the poll numbers showed only small changes .
Vice Presidential Debate
There was one vice presidential debate held on October 2 .
Palin did much better than expected , but Biden was also in top form .
No clear winner emerged and the poll numbers remained largely unchanged , a strategic win for the Democratic ticket that only had to maintain their lead to win the election .
The number of people who watched the debate was an alltime record for a Vice Presidential debate , and was viewed by more people than any of the three Presidential debates .
Third parties and Independents
As usual there were a number of third party candidates , but none made much of an impact .
Briefly the Libertarian Bob Barr had enough strength to become a spoiler for McCain .
He faded quickly .
See United States Presidential Election , 2008 -- Third Party Candidates .
Primaries
For expanded primary information , see United States Presidential Election , 2008 - Primaries
The primary season for both the Republican Party and the Democratic Party officially began on January 3 , 2008 with the Iowa Caucuses and ended on June 3 , 2008 . [ 14 ]
The 2008 election cycle saw a major shift in the primary election calendar , frontloading many primaries into early February . [ 15 ]
John McCain had to get his footing at first , but was pretty much assured the Republican nomination after Super Tuesday .
Barack Obama had a much tougher road , but rode out a string of victories in February to eventually outlast Clinton and take the nomination .
During that time he had raised more money than any other candidate in history giving him a huge boost , a trend that would continue into the general election .
See also
Further reading
Abramowitz , Allen I. and Larry J. Sabato .
The 2008 Elections ( 2008 ) , state by state statistical analysis
( 2008 ) , state by state statistical analysis Balz , Dan , and Haynes Johnson .
The Battle for America 2008 : The Story of an Extraordinary Election ( 2009 ) , by leading reporters with inside information
( 2009 ) , by leading reporters with inside information Nelson , Michael .
The Elections of 2008 ( 2009 ) , factual summary except and text search
( 2009 ) , factual summary except and text search Todd , Chuck , and Sheldon Gawiser .
How Barack Obama Won : A State - by - State Guide to the Historic 2008 Presidential Election ( 2009 ) analysis of exit polls for each state excerpt and text search
References
John McCain reads a sheet of paper in Rochester , Mich .
McCain 's camp suffers from a paper gap
While campaigns typically snow reporters with white papers and policy minutiae , many of the domestic policy plans of John McCain have been notably short on details .
Analysts caution that both McCain and Barack Obama have produced policy pronouncements that are just as much election documents as workable proposals ; after all , that is what presidential candidates do .
But when it comes to the metric of paper produced , McCain trails Obama in spelling out the nitty - gritty .
Advertisement
" The Obama people are much more detailed , " said Robert Bixby , executive director of the Concord Coalition , a bipartisan advocacy group dedicated to balancing the budget .
Consider McCain campaign senior adviser Taylor Griffin ’s description of his candidate 's plan for fixing Social Security :
" The history of the Social Security debate has taught that too many specifics , especially during a presidential campaign , has polarized the debate , " he said of the program that McCain called " an absolute disgrace [ that 's ] got to be fixed . "
Will he contrast his plan to that of his opponent ?
" Sen. McCain believes this is so important that we do not politicize this debate during an election season . "
What , then , is the plan ?
There does n't appear to be a page dedicated to it on the McCain website , though some details can be gleaned from the page dedicated to his plan to balance the budget by 2013 :
" John McCain will fight to save the future of Social Security , and he believes that we may meet our obligations to the retirees of today and the future without raising taxes .
John McCain supports supplementing the current Social Security system with personal accounts — but not as a substitute for addressing benefit promises that cannot be kept . "
Elsewhere , though , he 's talked down private accounts , saying only that " workers ought to have the latitude to take a small amount of their own taxes , of their own money — it 's not somebody else 's money — and put it into an account with their name on it , a very small amount . "
And on an appearance last Sunday on " This Week with George Stephanopoulos , " he told the host that " everything , " specifically including Obama 's tax hike , " is on the table . "
To be sure , Obama 's Social Security plan has holes still to be filled , and the McCain camp has lately been charging the Democrat with changing the nuances of his plan to better suit his current political needs .
The Obama campaign , which denies the charge while also saying the specifics would have to be worked out in conjunction with Congress , notes that it has a " specific strategy " — an inversion of the usual campaign dynamic in which the trailing candidate usually introduces policy plans first , and in more detail .
" He has not offered very much in specifics that I have seen , " Brian Riedl , a budget analyst at the conservative Heritage Foundation , said about McCain 's Social Security plan .
Riedl , however , was nonplussed by Obama 's level of detail when it comes to spending programs .
" Obama 's website has page after page after page of very specific [ entitlement ] increases , specifically within Medicare .
It does n't take political courage to specify the goodies you 're going to offer voters . "
" You can't judge campaign numbers the same way you 'd judge a president 's budget , " said Bixby .
But he added that the McCain campaign 's budget proposals — including a promise to balance the budget by 2013 — were notably short on specifics and often did n't appear to add up .
Even many of the economists listed on McCain 's site endorsing his budget plan stressed they were agreeing more to the principles of lowering taxes and cutting federal spending than to the specifics , such as they were .
" The McCain goal is quite responsible , " said Bixby .
" But I ca n't see any way he could get there under the policies they 've been proposing .
There 's a disconnect there . "
A report issued last week by the Tax Policy Center , a well - respected , numbers - oriented think tank , found that " Sen. McCain 's proposals on the stump are often far more sweeping than the more measured options outlined by his campaign " — and would in fact double the tax impact of his formal proposals , while Obama 's off - the - cuff additions would reduce the impact of his plan by about one - sixth .
Douglas Holtz - Eakin , McCain 's economic adviser , disputed the analysis , saying that while McCain 's words on the trail do n't always jibe with the granular specifics , the Tax Policy Center drew trillion - dollar assumptions based on McCain saying things like he'd prefer to get rid of the alternative minimum tax .
" He has been very clear that he'd like to develop an alternative simplified tax , " Holtz - Eakin said , noting that he'd try to create one that would be revenue - neutral .
" We do not yet have a specific proposal . "
The Obama campaign currently has 14 paid staffers ( twice as many as in the primary ) , and The New York Times reported last week that his foreign policy campaign bureaucracy has some 300 advisers , 12 of whom joined the campaign for at least one leg of this week 's world tour .
The McCain campaign declined to say how many policy staffers it employs .
but did concede that its rival 's staff was bigger .
" Maybe that 's because they are on both sides of every policy , " cracked McCain spokesman Tucker Bounds .
The McCain campaign , which nearly ran out of money during the primaries and until New Hampshire seemed headed for a crash - landing , operated on a shoestring budget .
At points it appeared that Holtz - Eakin was responsible for formulating ( or at least defending ) every policy the campaign put out .
" The difference in enthusiasm among voters is also a difference in enthusiasm among policy wonks , " said Robert Gordon , a senior fellow at the Center for American Progress who worked for the Clinton White House and John Kerry 's campaign in 2004 .
For Obama , the need to generate policy — and snag policy wonks — has been pressing since early in the primary , when the campaign needed to prove both its policy prowess and an ability to sign up top - flight minds to compete with Hillary Rodham Clinton and John Edwards .
" We were in a contentious primary that lasted a very , very long time and was hard - fought and very substantive , " said Obama policy director Heather Higginbottom .
" That did not happen in a Republican primary . "
In part because the leading Democrats ' policy proposals were largely similar and the details were much considered by key constituencies , the candidates were compelled to offer fine - grained plans to draw differences .
It made for debates in which Clinton keyed in on nuanced and sometimes difficult - to - explain differences between her plan and Obama 's to vastly increase the federal government 's role in providing health care .
Intraparty pressures also meant that Obama produced a fairly ambitious climate change strategy last year .
The McCain campaign did not start rolling out the details of its environment and energy plan until May of this year .
The more dominant interest groups in the Republican Party — social conservatives , hawks and tax - cutters — had less wonky primary goals that did n't need extreme specificity to be articulated clearly , which was also true for women 's groups on the left .
When McCain has focused on domestic policy , it has generally been to offer headline - grabbing plans , such as his proposal for a gas tax holiday and his claim that allowing offshore drilling could have an immediate effect on gas prices , both of which were almost universally derided by economists across the ideological spectrum .
" There 's a lot more happening in the Obama budget .
There 's a lot more moving parts , and I think that probably calls for more specificity , " Bixby said .
" It 's a much more ambitious agenda than McCain's . "
I should be used to it by now , but I ’m not .
When I read statements from US policymakers telling the world that Iraq is still not capable of defending itself without US help , I am still angered and amazed at the bold - faced arrogance .
Most recently , several US political leaders and generals have told the Iraqi and American people that only they know when it is time for US troops to leave Iraq .
Furthermore , while Iraqis from virtually every segment of that nation ’s political sphere demand changes in the US - imposed agreement to keep US forces there , Secretary of State Condoleeza Rice vocalizes Washington ’s response : we decide what we want to do in Iraq and we decide how long we will stay , so take it or leave it .
If you leave it , then we will find another way to stay , and if we do , we will make your lives more miserable than we already have .
What ’s different about this communication from Washington is that it is not only directed at the everyday people of Iraq .
It is also directed at the client government Washington has installed there .
Of course , the demands being made by the Green Zone parliament are only being made because the Iraqi people are pressuring this group of Iraqi politicians to make those demands .
Naturally , there are those in Washington and in the US media who see the Green Zone government ’s demands as ungrateful and bordering on insubordination .
One can almost hear them asking :
How could those ungrateful people have the brashness to demand the right to prosecute those who would kill Iraqi civilians without recourse ?
How dare these Iraqi officials who rule only because we gave them the wherewithal to do so tell us that all US troops must leave their country by a certain date ?
Even more to the point , how dare the government in Baghdad that Washington created and maintains tell us what Iraqi sovereignty is ?
After all , it is the occupier who determines what the natives will rule and what the occupier will rule .
Have n’t they read their Kipling ?
As Michael Schwartz makes very clear in his recently released book War Without End : The Iraq War in Context , Washington went into Iraq with the intention of controlling the resources and destiny of that country and using it as a base for controlling the Middle East and South Asia .
As Schwartz also makes very clear , Washington will not leave until it is certain of that control .
Of course , there is a part of this equation that is the unpredictable variable .
What if the Iraqis refuse to go along with this plan of Washington ’s ?
Or , even more important to those of us whose tax dollars are funding this war , what if we refuse to go along with this plan ?
Schwartz ’s book , which is , if not the best book written on the US war and occupation of Iraq , certainly one of the best , is more than a litany of the death and destruction undertaken by occupying troops .
It is also a sharp analysis of the twists and turns of the war and occupation that is based on the underlying assumption that this war and occupation has always been about dominance of the Middle East and control of its resources and destiny .
After reading this book , it becomes clear that this motivation is the only one that makes consistent sense .
As the debate continues to unfold around the Status of Forces Agreement ( SOFA ) between Washington and the Iraqis in the Green Zone , one can expect threats of a US withdrawal to be made .
In fact , certain news reports in some US newspapers reported as much on October 22 , 2008 .
According to these reports , Washington has told members of the Green Zone government that Washington will pull its troops if the SOFA is not signed .
Apparently , Washington considers this to be a threat and hopes that the green Zone politicians will fall in line out of fear that they will not survive without US troops to protect them .
At this juncture in Iraq ’s history , one wonders if this threat from Washington might be a miscalculation .
As noted above , Ms. Rice is on record saying that she does n’t believe the Green Zone government can defend itself as it is currently constituted .
However , is it possible that Iraqis ( even those in the Green Zone government ) are not interested in that government as it is currently constituted ?
If so , then Washington ’s threat of withdrawal is not only an empty threat , it is potentially a shrewd move on the part of the Iraqis and a potential victory for the Iraqi people , who have made it clear with IEDs , votes , public opinion polls and a myriad other means that they want the US military and its support mechanisms ( including contractors , intelligence services and others ) out of their country the sooner , the better .
Unfortunately , a US departure is not likely to come so easily , no matter how much the Iraqis and Americans may want it .
The more likely scenario is that the debate over the SOFA will continue and if an agreement is not reached by the deadline of December 31 , 2008 , some kind of temporary mandate will be established by Washington to keep its troops in place throughout Iraq .
If Washington is unable to keep its troops in Iraq legally after that date , then do n’t look for a withdrawal .
After all , if I recall , the fact that the invasion that brought US troops into Iraq in 2003 was of questionable legality .
That certainly did n’t seem to matter very much then .
Continuing the occupation of Iraq illegally is unlikely to make much difference in 2009 , either .
The silver bullet solution to climate change in many people ’s book is to simply ‘ plant a tree ’ .
A recent study indicates that it might not be quite that simple …
The ability of forests to soak up man-made carbon dioxide is weakening , according to an analysis of two decades of data from more than 30 sites in the frozen north .
The finding published today is crucial , because it means that more of the CO2 we release will end up affecting the climate in the atmosphere rather than being safely locked away in trees or soil .
The results may partly explain recent studies suggesting that the amount of CO2 in the atmosphere is increasing faster than expected .
If higher temperatures mean less carbon is soaked up by plants and microbes , global warming will accelerate .
… The surprise rethink concerns abundant evidence from around the world that winter is starting later and spring earlier .
In northern latitudes , spring and autumn temperatures have risen by 1.1C and 0.8C respectively in the past two decades .
That means a longer growing season for plants , which scientists thought should be a good thing for slowing warming ….
The team focused particularly on the date in autumn at which the forests switched from being a net sink for carbon into a net source .
Instead of moving later in the year as they had expected , this date actually got earlier – in some places by a few days , but in others by a few weeks .
— Guardian
If the report is correct , this is a major additional feedback loop that has the potential to greatly accelerate climate change .
The most obvious solution in the battle against global warming , of course , is to significantly reduce the amount of fossil fuels getting pulled out of the ground and burnt ( i.e. reduce greenhouse gas inputs into the atmosphere ) .
Another is to utilise more powerful carbon sinks ( i.e. increase greenhouse gas extraction from the atmosphere ) .
There is one change we can make in our way of working that would accomplish both !
Although trees might not be keeping up , there are still armies of plants and organisms waiting to lend a hand — if only we ’d utilise them .
I ’m referring , in particular , to moving towards more sustainable agriculture .
Twenty - three years of ongoing research at The Rodale Institute Experimental Farm already provides strong evidence that organic farming helps combat global warming by capturing atmospheric carbon dioxide and incorporating it into the soil , whereas conventional farming exacerbates the greenhouse effect by producing a net release of carbon into the atmosphere .
The key lies in the handling of organic matter ( OM ) : because soil organic matter is primarily carbon , increases in soil OM levels will be directly correlated with carbon sequestration .
While conventional farming typically depletes soil OM , organic farming builds it through the use of composted animal manures and cover crops .
— New Farm
The world ’s soils are the earth ’s second largest carbon sink ( next to the oceans ) .
As we ’ve shared before , proper soil management is a powerful and highly effective method of removing carbon from the atmosphere , as well as reducing fossil fuel use , reducing toxic chemical use and runoff , improving plant ( and thus human ) health , and more ( actually , a lot more if we also simultaneously incentivise the relocalisation of our markets ) .
A couple of fast facts on this to drive the point home :
It can not be denied that this feels like a punch in the gut .
It is .
I 'm not going to pretend that the wound is n't deep and personal , like an attack on my own family .
It was meant to be .
Many Obama supporters voted against our rights , and Obama himself opposes our full civil equality .
The religious folk who believe that Jesus stood for the marginalization of minorities , and who believe that my equality somehow threatens their children , will , I pray , see how misguided they have become .
And make no mistake : they won this by playing on very deep fears of gay people around kids .
They knew the levers to pull .
But some perspective from someone who has fought this fight as long and as personally as anyone in this country .
Twenty years ago , equality of gay couples was a mere idea .
Forty years ago , it was a pipe - dream .
In the long arc of inclusion , we will miss our goals along the way from time to time .
Today , we have full marriage rights in two states , we have many civil marriages in California that will remain in place as examples of who gay people really are , we have civil unions in many more places , and marriage rights in other parts of the world , as beacons to America .
And this is a civil rights movement .
It goes forward and it is forced back .
The battle to end miscegenation took centuries .
These are the rhythms of progress .
Sometimes losing , and being shown to lose , shifts something in the minds of those watching as a small group is punished for daring to dream of full civil equality .
In this battle we have already had far more defeats than victories .
But each time , we have come closer to our goal .
And in the hearts and minds and souls of so many , we have changed consciousness for ever .
California has full civil equality in law for gay couples .
In time , full civil marriage equality - the only real measure of equality - will follow .
And it will spread , state by state , more slowly now , and perhaps more organically from legislatures , rather than courts , which would not be the worst idea .
And observing this backlash against us will reveal to many the cruelty of allowing majorities to take the rights of tiny minorities away .
If we had won this , this civil rights battle would be all but over .
Now , it is n't .
So we get back to work , arguing , talking .
speaking , debating , writing , blogging , and struggling to change more minds .
The hope for equality can never be extinguished , however hard our opponents try .
And in the unlikely history of America , there has never been anything false about hope .
( Photo : Justin Sullivan / Getty . )
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
A Chinese newspaper has furiously condemned Guns N' Roses over the title of their latest album - Chinese Democracy - claiming it is an attack on their nation .
The Global Times , which is published by the country 's ruling Communist party , ran an article under the headline " American band releases album venomously attacking China " and said it was part of a western plot to " grasp and control the world using democracy as a pawn " .
The long - awaited album had been in the pipeline since 1994 and was finally released on Sunday to mixed reviews .
Though it is not thought to be legally on sale in China , Chinese Democracy is being streamed on the band 's official MySpace site and can be bought online .
China 's notorious internet censors were said to be trying to block access to the band 's official website earlier today .
The album takes its title from the opening track , which Axl Rose described in 2001 as " not necessarily pro or con about China " .
He told an audience in Las Vegas : " It 's just that right now China symbolises one of the strongest , yet most oppressive countries and governments in the world .
And we [ Americans ] are fortunate to live in a free country . "
The song itself refers to the Falun Gong meditation movement , which was banned in 1999 .
It has been alleged that the Chinese government has been responsible for persecuting and torturing its members .
The Chinese government has not made an official statement about the Guns N' Roses album .
By Amarnath Tewary
Patna
Samosa is a popular Indian snack ( Photo : Prashant Ravi )
A Dutch couple visiting India 's Bihar state , were charged an astronomical 10,000 rupees ( $ 204 ; £ 134 ) for four samosas , the potato - stuffed snack .
They paid the sum to a hawker at the famous cattle fair in Sonepur after a " heated argument " .
The price worked out at $ 51 ( £ 33.50 ) per samosa .
They usually cost about two rupees 50 paise or five US cents ( 3 p ) .
The tourists then sought help from police who forced the salesman to return 9,990 rupees ( $ 203.87 ; £ 134.91 ) .
The Sonepur cattle fair runs for a month every year from the middle of November and is attended by a large number of foreign tourists .
' Special '
The Dutch couple were roaming around the fair when they got hungry and ordered the four samosas from the hawker , police said .
After eating , they went to pay the bill .
The young hawker insisted in broken English that the samosas were specially made of Indian herbs and had aphrodisiac qualities , local official Paritosh Kumar Das told the BBC .
" After a heated argument and threats by the hawker , the tourists paid up 10,000 rupees , " he said .
However , not convinced that the high price of the snack was justified , the couple approached the police .
" The police threatened the hawker after which he returned 9,990 rupees to the Dutch couple , " Mr Das said .
A police complaint has been filed against the shopkeeper who has since gone into hiding .
The cattle fair , an annual feature in Bihar , began two days ago and will go on for another month .
Organisers say this year , bottled camel urine and milk are much in demand for " their medicinal properties " .
A camel owner Rukasat Rathor said a bottle of camel urine was being sold for 100 rupees ( $ 2 ; £ 1.34 ) per litre while camel milk was selling at 200 rupees ( $ 4 ; £ 2.68 ) a litre .
" Camel milk is healthy for those suffering from diabetes and children while the animal 's urine helps to cure all water - borne diseases , " Mr Rathor said .
Another popular item at the fair is elephant dung which the local people burn to use as a mosquito repellent .
The Economics of Spam
Excellent paper on the economics of spam .
The authors infiltrated the Storm worm and monitored its doings .
After 26 days , and almost 350 million e-mail messages , only 28 sales resulted — a conversion rate of well under 0.00001 % .
Of these , all but one were for male - enhancement products and the average purchase price was close to $ 100 .
Taken together , these conversions would have resulted in revenues of $ 2,731.88 — a bit over $ 100 a day for the measurement period or $ 140 per day for periods when the campaign was active .
However , our study interposed on only a small fraction of the overall Storm network — we estimate roughly 1.5 percent based on the fraction of worker bots we proxy .
Thus , the total daily revenue attributable to Storm ’s pharmacy campaign is likely closer to $ 7000 ( or $ 9500 during periods of campaign activity ) .
By the same logic , we estimate that Storm self - propagation campaigns can produce between 3500 and 8500 new bots per day .
Under the assumption that our measurements are representative over time ( an admittedly dangerous assumption when dealing with such small samples ) , we can extrapolate that , were it sent continuously at the same rate , Storm - generated pharmaceutical spam would produce roughly 3.5 million dollars of revenue in a year .
This number could be even higher if spam - advertised pharmacies experience repeat business .
A bit less than “ millions of dollars every day , ” but certainly a healthy enterprise .
Of course , the authors point out that it ’s dangerous to make these sorts of generalizations :
We would be the first to admit that these results represent a single data point and are not necessarily representative of spam as a whole .
Different campaigns , using different tactics and marketing different products will undoubtedly produce different outcomes .
Indeed , we caution strongly against researchers using the conversion rates we have measured for these Storm - based campaigns to justify assumptions in any other context .
Spam is all about economics .
When sending junk mail costs a dollar in paper , list rental , and postage , a marketer needs a reasonable conversion rate to make the campaign worthwhile .
When sending junk mail is almost free , a one in ten million conversion rate is acceptable .
News articles .
Posted on November 12 , 2008 at 6:52 AM • 54 Comments
Final Ohio Poll predicts Obama win John Byrne
Published : Monday November 3 , 2008
Print This Email This
The final Ohio Poll conducted by the Institute for Policy Research at the University of Cincinnati predicts that Sen. Barack Obama will likely win Ohio's 20 electoral votes .
When allocating undecided voters to the candidates they are most likely to support , Obama leads with 51.5 percent of voters to 45.7 percent for McCain .
The poll mirrors that of other recent Ohio polls , which show a slim margin for Obama .
An average of the latest Reuters , Quinnipiac and Mason - Dixon polls give Obama an average lead of 3.6 percent , with 48.3 percent supporting Obama to McCain 's 44.7 percent .
The Real Clear Politics average of the polls has shown Obama ahead every day since Oct. 1 .
Quinnipiac 's poll reported that Palin is hurting McCain in the state .
" Palin is a drag on the Republican ticket in Ohio .
Her favorability is a negative 41 percent to 45 percent , while Biden is viewed favorably , 48 percent to 33 percent , " the Columbus Dispatch wrote .
" Still , voters said McCain 's association with President Bush hurts him more than his selection of Palin . "
The Ohio Poll surveyed 1,308 probable voters between Oct. 29 - Nov. 2 , with a 2.7 percent margin of error .
The results are a dramatic turnaround for Obama since September , when McCain held a four point lead , and nearly a quarter of voters remained undecided .
Ohio 's electoral voters were allocated to President George W. Bush in 2004 , after a hotly contested battle in the state .
Another poll also shows Obama ahead , this time by six points .
" The final Columbus Dispatch poll released Sunday shows Obama ahead of McCain by 6 - percentage points , 52 percent to 46 percent , " the Enquirer noted .
" That 's about the same margin for Obama the poll found last month . "
" The Dispatch poll was conducted by mail of 2,164 likely voters Oct. 22 through Friday , with a margin of sampling error of plus or minus 2 percentage points . "
By Jonathan Amos
Science reporter , BBC News
The probe had surpassed its expected lifetime by more than two months Nasa says its Phoenix lander on the surface of Mars has gone silent and is almost certainly dead .
Engineers have not heard from the craft since Sunday 2 November when it made a brief communication with Earth .
Phoenix , which landed on the planet 's northern plains in May , had been struggling in the increasing cold and dark of an advancing winter .
The US space agency says it will continue to try to contact the craft but does not expect to hear from it .
" We are actually ceasing operations , declaring an end to operations at this point , " Phoenix mission project manager Barry Goldstein said at Nasa 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California .
" However , since we 've been surprised by the robustness of this vehicle , we 're going to keep listening .
As the orbiters fly overhead every two hours , we 'll constantly turn on the radio and try to hail Phoenix to see if it is alive . "
Fiery plunge Launched from Earth in August 2007 , the robot arrived on Mars on 25 May , landing further north than any previous mission to the Martian surface .
To make it down , the probe had to survive a fiery plunge through the Red Planet 's thin atmosphere , releasing a parachute and using thrusters to control its descent .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The mission was scheduled to last just three months on the surface , but continued to work for more than five months .
During its ground operations , the robot dug , scooped , baked , sniffed and tasted the Martian soil to test whether it has ever been capable of supporting life .
Phoenix 's major achievement was in becoming the first mission to Mars to " touch water " in the form of the water - ice it found just centimetres below the topsoil .
Chunks of ice were seen to vaporise before the lander 's cameras .
" This was quite a thrill for everybody and it has been the study of that ice that has kept us busy for the last five months , " said Phoenix principal investigator Peter Smith of the University of Arizona in Tucson .
" We 've excavated that ice , we know its depth , we know how it changes over the surface ; we 've seen different types of ice . "
Phoenix landed further north than previous missions
The spacecraft found the Martian soil to be mildly alkaline , quite different from the acidic soils seen by previous missions to other parts of the planet .
Other key results included the identification in the soil of calcium carbonate , which on Earth is a chief component of limestone rock .
Phoenix also detected sheet - like particles , which were probably clays of some kind .
The significance of both minerals is that they form only in the presence of liquid water - which could have supported life .
The lander also detected perchlorate ( an ion containing chlorine and oxygen ) which is an oxidising chemical and , on Earth , can sustain some microbes .
Perhaps the key achievement has been to touch the water - ice in the soil Phoenix even recorded snowfall ; and took more than 25,000 pictures , from the panoramas of its Arctic landing site to the atomic scale images of dust grains delivered to its microscope .
" Right now at this epoch in Martian history it is certainly too cold for organisms to be alive , certainly in the sense of Earth organisms , " said Peter Smith .
" But we do think that over time as the Mars climate changes that it can get warm enough that , perhaps , we are getting at least films of liquid water or dampness in the soil ; and that could create an environment where life could exist .
That would be in the last few million years ; very recent in Mars history . "
The Phoenix mission scientists have a mass of data that will keep them busy for decades .
They have not yet given up hope of seeing a signature in the data for organics , the carbon - rich molecules that can be considered the " feedstock " of biochemistry .
One disappointment , however , from the final days of the mission was the failure to get a microphone on the lander to work .
This would have returned the first sounds of Mars .
Overall , though , the US space agency is delighted with the achievements of the mission .
" This is an Irish wake rather than a funeral , " commented Doug McCuistion , director of the Mars exploration programme at Nasa Headquarters in Washington DC .
" We should celebrate what Phoenix and the Phoenix team has done and where it is going to take us in the future .
[ There were ] a lot of lessons learned in this mission for us that will feed forward to future missions .
We learned a lot about handling of soils , soil consistency , and how difficult it can be . "
Cracking up Phoenix was never expected to be a long mission .
At its high latitude ( 68 degrees North ) , it was always destined to be starved of light as the Arctic winter deepened .
In the end , though , the demise of Phoenix was hastened by a dust storm which obscured the Sun 's precious rays still further .
With so little energy getting into its solar panels , the batteries on Phoenix were regularly going flat , preventing the robot from heating its systems in temperatures that were heading down to minus 100C .
Nevertheless , Nasa says its Mars Reconnaissance and Odyssey satellites will continue to listen for Phoenix for a further three weeks , until Solar Conjunction , when Mars moves behind the Sun as viewed from Earth .
The probe has sent back more than 25,000 pictures
As winter progresses , Phoenix will be covered in a thick layer of carbon dioxide frost .
As the ice builds up on the solar arrays , they are likely to crack and fall off .
The electronics will also break up in the cold that could see temperatures go down to minus 180C .
Phoenix had risen from the ashes of two previous failures .
In September 1999 , the Mars Climate Orbiter spacecraft crashed into the Red Planet following a navigation error caused when technicians mixed up " English " ( imperial ) and metric units .
A few months later , another Nasa spacecraft , the Mars Polar Lander ( MPL ) , was lost near the planet 's South Pole .
Phoenix used hardware from an identical twin of MPL , the Mars Surveyor 2001 Lander , which was cancelled following the two consecutive failures .
Nasa 's robot rovers , Opportunity and Spirit , continue to work at their equatorial landing sites five years after arriving at the planet .
The next mission to the surface of Mars is due to leave Earth next year .
The Mars Science Laboratory is a " smart " rover that will be dropped on to the surface of the Red Planet by a rocket - powered " skycrane " .
At almost three metres in length and weighing 850kg , MSL is considerably bigger than the current rovers .
Phoenix was sent to Mars with seven science instruments
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Willkommen in der Welt des Ultraschalls soniKKs – Ihr Experte für Ultraschalltechnologien
soniKKs Ultrasonics Technology GmbH mit Sitz in Dobel im Nordschwarz­wald steht seit 2008 für Innovation und Tatkraft im Bereich des industriel­len Einsatzes von Ultraschall .
Wir entwickeln , erproben und fertigen Ultraschallgeräte und - komponenten für Kunden zahlreicher Branchen in aller Welt .
Für verschiedene Ultraschall - Verfahren sind wir der alleinige Hersteller innerhalb der EU und haben auch weltweit nur wenige Mitbe­werber .
Unsere Kunden schätzen an uns den kompetenten Service , die Flexibilität und unsere schnelle Reaktionszeit .
Eine unserer Kernkompetenzen ist , kundenspezifische Sonderanwen­dungen zu entwickeln und zu erforschen .
Für viele unserer Kunden haben wir bereits individuell Produkte entwickelt und angefertigt .
Gerne testen wir für Sie , ob die Bearbeitung eines bestimmten Materials nach Ihren Vorstellungen möglich ist .
Wir freuen uns auf Ihre Anfrage !
Schreiben Sie uns an sales@soniKKs .de oder rufen Sie uns an unter +49 7083 92 483 60 .
LOS ANGELES --
More than 2,000 people protesting California 's new ban on same - sex marriage marched through Westside Los Angeles streets Thursday , snarling afternoon rush - hour traffic as hundreds of police officers monitored the situation .
Two people were arrested after a confrontation between the crowd and an occupant of a pickup truck that had a banner supporting Proposition 8 , the ballot measure that banned same - sex marriage .
Seven arrests occurred during Los Angeles - area street marches late Wednesday .
Some spectators cheered from apartment balconies ; one person threw eggs at the marchers .
The demonstration began at a Mormon temple complex in Westwood where marchers protested the church 's support of Proposition 8 , which won 52 percent support Tuesday for its definition of marriage as a heterosexual union .
Same - sex marriage had only been allowed in California for a matter of months since a state Supreme Court decision earlier this year .
The march was noisy , with chants of " Separate church and state " and " What do we want ?
Equal rights . "
Some waved signs saying " No on H8 " or " I did n't vote against your marriage , " and many equated the issue with the civil rights struggle .
" I 'm disappointed in the Californians who voted for this , " said F. Damion Barela , 43 , a Studio City resident who married his husband nearly five months ago .
" I understand the African - American and Latino communities voted heavily in favor of Proposition 8 .
To them I say , shame on you because you should know what this feels like . "
Brief violence erupted when marchers surrounded the pickup bearing a pro-Proposition 8 sign .
Protesters ripped the sign , and an occupant of the vehicle got out and knocked down a protester .
A demonstrator , Maurice Carriere , 27 , of Studio City , ended up with a bloody nose in the fracas .
He told police he did n't see the punch coming .
Officers arrested two people and put them in a patrol car .
Organizers said another protest is planned for this weekend in Silver Lake 's Sunset Junction area .
Thursday 's march initially focused on the Mormon temple because same - sex rights advocates claim the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter - day Saints spent millions to air deceptive advertisements in support of Proposition 8 , and the church should lose its tax - exempt status .
" No one 's religious beliefs should be used to deny fundamental rights to others , " said Lorri L. Jean , chief executive officer of the L.A. Gay & Lesbian Center .
" Our civil rights are inalienable .
" It is a travesty that the Mormon Church bought this election and used a campaign of lies and deception to manipulate voters in the great state of California , " Jean said .
" Today we will send a message to ( church President Thomas Monson ) that we will not tolerate being stripped of our equal rights in the name of religious bigotry .
They 're entitled to their beliefs , but not to impose them upon the constitution or laws of California .
Let 's flood the Mormon Temple in Salt Lake City with postcards . "
Jean announced the creation of a Web site at www.InvalidateProp8.org, where people can donate to the legal fight to overturn the proposition .
For every donation of $ 5 or more , the L.A. Gay & Lesbian Center will send a postcard to Monson .
Campaign finance records show the Utah - based church made an in - kind donation of $ 2,078.97 to ProtectMarriage.com , a coalition of faith organizations and conservative groups that supported Proposition 8 .
Church spokeswoman Kim Farah in Salt Lake City said the donation covered travel of church leaders who went to California to meet with the coalition .
" By law , the church is required to report when it uses any expenses to travel in support of things like this , " Farah said .
Farah dismissed the tax - exemption issue .
" It 's a civics 101 lesson .
Churches by law are allowed to speak on moral issues , " Farah said .
" It does not jeopardized the church 's tax - exemption status and to suggest otherwise is ridiculous . "
The Church , in a written statement on its Web site had this to say : " Allegations of bigotry or persecution made against the Church were and are simply wrong .
The issue for the Church has always been about the sacred and divine institution of marriage -- a union between a man and a woman .
While the Church does not endorse candidates or platforms , it does reserve the right to speak out on important issues . "
The full text of the LDS Church 's statement is available here : www.newsroom.lds.org.
Police estimated the protest drew 2,500 people .
The event did not have a permit or approved march route .
Demonstrators spilled into the lanes of Santa Monica Boulevard , and then marched around the sprawling temple complex before taking off through the heavily traveled streets of Westwood and , as night fell , toward Beverly Hills .
Among the marchers was Ryan Suffern , 31 , who said he and his wife came to support gay friends .
" I find it preposterous , this concept of protecting the sanctity of marriage , when -- looking at divorce -- marriage is a coin toss , " he said .
Also demonstrating was Rakefet Abergel , 29 , who married her partner of seven years the day gay marriage became legal this year .
" We just want to have the same rights as everyone else gets .
We 're tired of being second - class citizens when we are citizens of America , " she said .
" You do n't have to agree with us but you have to let us be . "
Demonstrator Taylor Miller , 28 , was perplexed by the victory of Proposition 8 in the same election that swept Democrat Barack Obama into the presidency .
" It 's strange because with Obama winning there 's been a surge of really motivated liberalism , " she said .
" This is just ignorance and ignorance is so last presidency . "
Elaborating on the charge of corruption , McCain said that many Wall Street executives had claimed " everything 's fine , not to worry " and that Congress and regulators had paid no attention .
" All of them were asleep at the switch , " he said , and went on to blame special interests and lobbyists as well .
Asked for specific examples of corruption regarding AIG , senior McCain campaign adviser Steve Schmidt offered none .
" Well , at this hour , when you look at the situation , it is still muddled and unclear , " Schmidt told The Associated Press .
" But it is clear that the system has been corrupted , that there has been systemic failures , that the economy has been damaged by greed and avarice , and the broken institutions between Washington and New York have now conspired in a way that has put the American economy in crisis . "
McCain repeated his call for a high - level commission , on the order of the one that investigated the Sept. 11 attacks , to review the economic troubles on Wall Street .
But when asked by ABC for examples of what he would do to deal with the current problems , McCain cited only the proposals he offered well before the crisis emerged — no tax increases , affordable health care and energy alternatives among them .
In the interview , McCain called the financial crisis " one of the most severe crises in modern times , " yet on Monday morning he had maintained his oft - stated position that " the fundamentals of our economy are strong . "
For that he drew withering criticism from his Democratic opponent , Barack Obama , and others .
By afternoon , with the markets falling amid other bad financial news , McCain was using a more dire tone .
Related Story :
In two new television ads Wednesday , McCain asserts that he is the right leader to keep Americans ' savings safe .
" Enough is enough , " McCain says in one of the commercials .
" I 'll meet this financial crisis head on .
Reform Wall Street .
New rules for fairness and honesty .
I wo n't tolerate a system that puts you and your family at risk .
Your savings , your jobs — I 'll keep them safe . "
In a second ad , McCain criticizes Obama as offering only " talk and taxes " as solutions .
Obama himself taped a two - minute commercial Tuesday in Colorado in which he speaks directly to American voters about the country 's economic problems .
The early morning release of McCain 's ads and their rapid production — one was taped during a 10 - minute stop at a home in Tampa , Fla. , on Tuesday — highlight his efforts to reclaim the high ground on a subject he has acknowledged is a weakness .
From Conservapedia
A neoconservative ( colloquially , neocon ) in American politics is someone presented as a " conservative " but who actually favors big government , globalism , interventionism , perpetual war , police state , gun control , and a hostility to religion in politics and government .
The word means " newly conservative , " and thus formerly liberal .
A neocon is a RINO Backer , and like RINOs does not accept most of the important principles in the Republican Party platform .
Neocons do not participate in the March for Life , nor stand up for traditional marriage , advocate other conservative social values , or emphasize putting America first .
Neocons support attacking and even overthrowing foreign governments , despite how that often results in more persecution of Christians .
Some neocons ( like Dick Cheney ) have profited immensely from the military - industrial complex and their pro-war positions .
Many neocons are globalists and support the War on Sovereignty .
Many neocons focus on the Middle East , often invoking Israel as a justification for endless war when in fact the true central justification is to protect the Saudi regime and the petrodollar .
They also favor arming terrorist organizations such as al - Qaeda and ISIS in order to achieve their foreign policy goals .
The centerpiece of neocon strategy was to invade Iraq , which left a predictable vacuum that resulted in the murder of many Christians there and the rise of ISIS .
During the presidential Republican primaries in 2016 , Donald Trump humiliated the neocons ' insistence on the Iraq War , exposed the neocon claim of weapons of mass destruction in Iraq as a lie , and routed the neocon - supported Marco Rubio in his home state of Florida by a wide margin .
Despite this , the mainstream media continues to treat neocons as " experts . " [ 1 ]
British rock star Mick Jagger released a vulgar song criticizing the neocons entitled " My Sweet Neocon , " but he ineptly confused neocons with the Christian Right : " You call yourself a Christian .... " [ 2 ]
Description
Many older neocons had been liberals in their youth and admired President Franklin D. Roosevelt , while younger neocons are more economically conservative than Roosevelt but like to downplay the social issues .
In 2010 the highest priority of the neoconservatives was to increase military action by the United States in the Middle East and Afghanistan , and to expand it to an American confrontation against Iran ; in 2011 their goals include supporting a military attack on Libya , continuing the Afghanistan War indefinitely , and even suggesting military action against Syria .
There is a revolving door between some neocons and highly paid positions in the defense industry , which may explain the constant neoconservative demands for more wars .
In the European nations of Britain and France , neoconservatives and globalists dominate " right " - leaning politics , but in the United States neocons are less influential than the conservative movement .
For example , neocons begrudgingly supported Mitt Romney as the Republican nominee for President in 2012 , even though he was not their first choice and Romney has never supported the neocon agenda .
Neoconservatives tend to oppose the appointment of social conservatives to high governmental positions , such as nomination to the U.S. Supreme Court .
Neoconservatives support candidates who are liberal on social issues instead .
Neoconservatives favor expensive foreign interventionism with massive federal spending , often to replace a dictator with a new system of government that may be worse .
Sometimes this is expressed as a desire to install a democracy in a culture that may be incompatible with it .
The neoconservative position was discredited in the failure of democracy in the Iranian elections of 2009 .
The neoconservative movement emerged in the mid-1970s , played a limited role in the Ronald Reagan Administration , and then had a voice in the Defense Department under the George W. Bush Administration after 9/11 .
Neoconservatives were prominent in the Bush Administration by supporting an interventionist domestic policy they called " compassionate conservatism " and a strong foreign policy , and especially favored the Iraq War and its efforts to spread democracy worldwide .
Some prominent spokesmen include Bill Kristol , Paul Wolfowitz , Lewis Libby , Norman Podhoretz , Charles Krauthammer , Richard Perle , Robert Kagan , Christopher Hitchens , Bernard Lewis , Stephen Schwartz , Elliott Abrams , Ben Wattenberg and Carl Gershman .
In contrast to traditional conservatives , neoconservatives favor globalism , downplay religious issues and differences , are unlikely to actively oppose abortion and homosexuality .
Neocons disagree with conservatives on issues such as classroom prayer , the separation of powers , cultural unity , and immigration .
Neocons favor a strong active state in world affairs .
On foreign policy , neoconservatives believe that democracy can and should be installed by the United States around the world , even in Muslim countries such as Iraq , Iran , and Syria .
Dual origins
Irving Kristol was dubbed by many as " the Godfather " of Neo-conservatism
One major strand of Neoconservatism emerged from a group of New York intellectuals , many of whom attended City College of New York in the late 1930s , a group that includes Irving Kristol , Daniel Bell , Seymour Martin Lipset and Nathan Glazer . [ 3 ]
Many of this group came to despise the counterculture of the 1960s and what they felt was a growing " anti-Americanism " among many baby boomers .
During the Cold War era , most vigorously opposed the Stalinist regime . [ 4 ]
Kristol described a neoconservative as a " liberal mugged by reality " .
Paleoconservatives , who dislike Neoconservatism intensely , have argued that it emerged from Trotskyite theories , especially the notion of permanent revolution .
There are four fundamental flaws in the paleoconservatives ' attack : most of the neoconservatives were never Trotskyites ; none of them ever subscribed to the right - wing Socialism of Max Shachtman ; the assertion that neoconservatives subscribe to " inverted Trotskyism " is misleading ; and neoconservatives advocate democratic globalism , not permanent revolution . [ 5 ]
Strauss
A second main line of development of neoconservatism was strongly influenced by the work of German - American political philosopher Leo Strauss .
Some of Strauss ' students include Supreme Court nominee Robert Bork , former Deputy Secretary of Defense Paul Wolfowitz , former Assistant Secretary of State Alan Keyes , former Secretary of Education William Bennett , Weekly Standard editor William Kristol , political philosopher Allan Bloom , former New York Post editorials editor John Podhoretz , former National Endowment for the Humanities Deputy Chairman John T. Agresto ; political scientist Harry V. Jaffa ; and Nobel Prize winning novelist Saul Bellow .
Values
Neoconservatives also tend to minimize or overlook the significance of religious beliefs in conflicts and policies , as in advocating the installation of democracy in Muslim countries with little regard for Islamic beliefs and practices .
Neoconservatives hold an idealistic belief in social progress and the universality of human rights , coupled with anti-Communism .
They hold the view that there is a universal desire to live in a technologically advanced and prosperous society and liberal democracy is one of the byproducts of such modernization .
Neoconservatives , who hold Marxist views on " shaping the world , " strongly oppose nationalism . [ 6 ]
Publications
The leading publications of neoconservatives since the 1970s have been Commentary , The Public Interest ( founded by Daniel Bell and Irving Kristol ) and The Weekly Standard .
Many Washington think tanks , such as the American Enterprise Institute ( AEI ) , the Project For New American Century ( PNAC ) , Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs ( JINSA ) and Henry Jackson Society are now dominated by neoconservatives .
Social Issues
As Deputy Secretary of Defense 2001 –4 , Paul Wolfowitz was a prominent advocate of neocon foreign policy ideas in the George W. Bush administration , especially the " Bush Doctrine . "
Neoconservatives positions on social issues are mixed with some holding to liberal positions on social matters , and are unlikely to agree with religious conservatives on issues like abortion , prayer in school and same - sex " marriage " .
Other neoconservatives of the Straussian type tend to have greater degrees of agreement with religious and cultural conservatives on social issues .
Neoconservatives differ from libertarians in that neoconservatives tend to support big government policies to further their objectives , and to support Bush 's 2001 Patriot act .
Neoconservatives often describe themselves as " conservative " .
William Kristol , a leading neoconservative , described himself as the " token conservative " when he taught at Harvard University 's Kennedy School of Government . [ 7 ]
In anticipation of vacancies on the U.S. Supreme Court , the neoconservatives urged on Bush the selection of Michael McConnell , a libertarian - leaning jurist , and J. Michael Luttig , who declared Roe v. Wade to be " super - stare decisis " [ 8 ] and later left the judiciary to become general counsel of Boeing . [ 9 ]
Both were passed over in filling the vacancies and both left the judiciary entirely after missing their best chance for being appointed to the Supreme Court passed .
The term was coined by Socialist party leader Michael Harrington to describe the rightward turn of onetime liberals , and it was proudly accepted first by Irving Kristol then by most of the others .
Neoconservatives in the Obama era
Neoconservatives in the Obama era engineered both the rise of the Islamic State and the Syrian War which claimed in excess of 400,000 lives and created more than 6,000,000 homeless refugees abroad .
They also inadvertently created the European migrant crisis .
The original intention of the neocons was regime change in Syria – the overthrow of Bashar Assad – without using American troops .
Radical Islamic terrorists , many of their leaders supposedly " de- radicalized " while in American detention , were returned to their groups to form new militias armed and trained by American , Turkish , Saudi , and Qatari Special Operations Forces and advisors .
By removing the Syrian Alawite regime aligned with Iran , the hope was to rid Syria of Hezbollah , a 10,000 man force which is directly under the command and control of the Iranian Revolutionary Guards , and deemed a threat to Saudi Arabia , Israel , and the Gulf states .
The Benghazi massacre however , slowed the progress of arming the Syrian jihadis , now dubbed " moderate rebels " by the Obama administration and its sycophantic media .
The Syrian government gained popular support as the people of Syria witnessed foreign jihadis backed by the Obama administration and its allies , flood Syria with psychotic killers and weapons .
With a quick resolution not in the offing , Russian troops intervened preventing the Obama administration from establishing a no- fly zone to aid its radical jihadis on the ground to overthrow the government , as had been done in Libya .
Neoconservatism and Donald Trump
Despite campaigning against endless foreign wars and a humanitarian - based foreign policy that promotes democracy , President Donald Trump appointed several internationalists and neoconservatives to his administration , including John Bolton and Mike Pompeo .
Alex Jones has claimed that neo-conservatives , as part of a deep state , have been fighting a civil war inside the United States Government in order to gain control of the government and influence President Donald Trump – himself , Paul Joseph Watson , and David Knight also claimed this throughout Infowars segments , and that the recent missiles launched against Assad were a result of the neo-conservatives attempting to control Donald Trump .
Stefan Halper , a neoconservative of the Bush Sr. era , colluded with Obama CIA Director John Brennan and FBI agent Peter Strzok to set - up Trump advisors Carter Page and George Papadopoulos as supposed agents of the Russia government , to initiate an FBI counterintelligence investigation and procure a FISA warrant to surveil the 2016 Trump campaign , Trump transition team , and well into the first year of the Trump Administration .
See also
Further reading
Bloom , Allan .
The Closing of the American Mind ( 1988 )
( 1988 ) Dorrien , Gary .
The Neoconservative Mind , ( 1993 )
( 1993 ) Friedman , Murray .
The Neoconservative Revolution : Jewish Intellectuals and the Shaping of Public Policy . ( 2006 ) excerpt and text search .
. ( 2006 ) excerpt and text search .
Fu kuyama , Francis .
America at the Crossroads : Democracy , Power , and the Neoconservative Legacy , ( 2006 )
( 2006 ) Gerson , Mark .
The Neoconservative Vision : From the Cold War to Culture Wars ( 1997 )
( 1997 ) Halper , Stefan and Jonathan Clarke .
America Alone : The Neo-Conservatives and the Global Order ( 2004 ) excerpt and text search * * Heilbrun , Jacob .
They Knew They Were Right : The Rise of the Neocons ( 2009 ) excerpt and text search
( 2004 ) excerpt and text search * * Heilbrun , Jacob . ( 2009 ) excerpt and text search Murray , Douglas .
Neoconservatism : Why We Need It ( 2006 )
( 2006 ) Steinfels , Peter .
The Neoconservatives : The Men Who Are Changing America 's Politics . ( 1979 )
( 1979 ) Stelzer , Irwin . Neo-conservatism ( 2004 )
Primary sources
Demuth , Christopher , and William Kristol , eds .
The Neoconservative Imagination : Essays in Honor of Irving Kristol ( 1995 ) excerpt and text search
( 1995 ) excerpt and text search Gerson , Mark ed. , The Essential Neo-Conservative Reader ( 1997 )
( 1997 ) Kristol , Irving .
Neoconservatism : the Autobiography of an Idea ( 1999 ) excerpt and text search
( 1999 ) excerpt and text search Stelzer , Irwin , ed. The NeoCon Reader ( 2005 ) excerpt and text search
Stalin Perez Borges
By Federico Fuentes
Caracas , October 31 , 2008 -- “ On November 23 , we will not just be voting for this or that governorship , we will be deciding the destiny of this revolutionary process ” , Stalin Perez Borges , a national coordinator of the National Union of Workers ( UNT ) and United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) militant , told Green Left Weekly .
On that day , regional elections for 23 governorships , more than 300 mayors and hundreds of state legislative assembly members will occur — a crucial contest between the revolutionary forces lead by President Hugo Chavez ( mainly grouped in the PSUV ) and the US - backed right - wing opposition .
Perez Borges and militants from the different union currents that are also in the PSUV have been organising in their unions and workplaces to ensure a strong victory in these elections .
“ Our position is that , despite some of the problems that exist , we as revolutionaries will be participating not just on voting day , but in the campaign .
This is the best way to strengthen and deepen the process . ”
Asked about the possible outcome , Perez Borges stated that the situation today is “ contradictory ” .
These elections provide “ an enormous opportunity to deal a big blow to the right and imperialism ” , particularly given that the opposition candidates look bad .
“ Yet , despite the high approval rating for Chavez , in the factories and in some neighbourhoods there is a strong sense of malaise , discontent against the government and apathy towards participating in the elections . ”
The reason , according to Perez Borges , is that “ among some of those in the PSUV and functionaries in the government , important errors are being committed ” .
Perez Borges said that while one of the problems is that the some of the candidates do not want to work with all the different forces within the mass - based PSUV , provoking discontent in the ranks , “ what is most grave is that there are problems that are not being resolved when they could be , creating conflict ” .
“ Take the example of the contract workers in Sidor [ steel factory , nationalised by Chavez in April ] : for three months , the government , [ basic industry minister ]
Rodolfo Sanz , the governor and the company president have been breaking promises in regards to resolving the problems of the 8000 contract workers . ”
Angered by the lack of government response , the contract workers — whose conditions are far worse than the smaller number of permanent workers — went on strike for 90 hours on October 17 , as tensions rose to the point of exploding .
The situation further escalated after Sanz called two meetings for October 29 and 30 with the contract workers — and then failed to show .
Fed up with the lack of government response , the workers set up roadblocks and began burning tyres .
“ This is just one of many examples .
There are similar situations in [ aluminium plant ] ALCASA , in the electrical sector , the car industry , and that is without talking about the problems of the local communities .
“ All this is a problem not just from an electoral point of view , but is a political problem because it weakens the worker and popular base of the revolution , which is what sustains Chavez ” , Perez Borges commented .
“ The people are not going to go against this process , and if Chavez was the candidate , everyone would turn out to vote , but many of the candidates are doing little to raise enthusiasm .
“ Instead , Chavez — together with some good candidates and the revolutionary bases — has once again had to mount the campaign on his shoulders .
“ There is no excuse for not winning .
The crisis that capitalism is facing today demonstrates that it is no alternative .
We have time to win everything , so that not a single governorship falls into the hands of the enemy .
“ But these candidates should also be clear : our votes are for Chavez and the deepening of the revolutionary process ” , insisted Perez Borges .
“ And if because of their actions and state functionaries who do n’t listen to the people , the result are not as favourable as they should be , they have no excuse for turning around and saying that the people are not prepared to push forward .
“ Everyone will have to assume their share of the responsibility for the result . ”
[ Federico Fuentes is part of the Green Left Weekly / Links Caracas bureau .
GLW is the only Australian media outlet with a journalist based in Latin America .
To keep up to date with the ongoing coverage of the Latin American revolutions , subscribe at subscribe now .
From Green Left Weekly issue # 773 , November 5 , 2008 . ]
SILVERTON --
The counterprotesters outside City Hall in this Marion County town today significantly outnumbered the protesters who inspired them : three young women and a man from a Kansas church , here to register their disdain with the recent election of the nation 's first openly transgender mayor , Stu Rasmussen .
The quartet spread out along one side of North Water Street , feet planted on American flags spread on the sidewalk and hoisting large laminated posterboards on each arm .
Double - sided and easy to read from passing vehicles and local television trucks positioned half a block away , the signs offered assorted damnation -- " Barack Obama = Antichrist , " " God Hates You , " " You 're Going to Hell " and " Fag Media Shame . "
Protest in Silverton
It was n't the first time anti-gay evangelicals from Westboro Baptist Church in Topeka , Kan. , had come to Oregon to protest .
That was two years ago , when followers picketed the funeral of Navy Seal Marc Lee , killed on patrol in Iraq .
Among other right - of - center beliefs , Westboro 's Rev. Fred Phelps and his followers claim U.S. combat deaths are God 's punishment for the nation 's tolerance of homosexuality .
The group began a whirlwind day of demonstrations , starting at Portland State University before hitting the Swedish and German consulates and then driving south .
So Silverton , where voters expressed their preference for the breast - augmented Rasmussen over incumbent mayor Ken Hector 52 to 39 percent , was n't surprised when the tiny group of protesters showed up and unpacked their posters .
The counterprotesters were waiting across the two - lane street -- men in skirts and boots , moms with babes in arm , lifelong Silverton residents alongside kids playing hooky from Salem schools .
The crowd of about 150 waved and drummed and hugged .
Their signs , homemade , hurriedly produced on office laser printers and painted on the back of campaign yard signs , focused on the positive .
" My love is bigger than your hate , " read one .
" We love Stu ( and so does God ) . "
" Everyone is welcome in Silverton . "
For nearly an hour , the two sides faced off in a tense demonstration of wills .
Mostly , the cool air was silent except for passing pickup trucks and school buses .
One Kansas visitor mumbled a riff from Aerosmith 's hard rock ditty , " Dude looks like a lady . "
Another pointed a stone smile at boys who threw curses out the windows of passing cars .
When the church members began to chant , a man beat a drum to drown them out .
A woman pushing a baby jogger past City Hall did a doubletake on her run , backing up to question 16 - year - old Victoria Phelps , whose family runs the small Kansas church .
" I'm a Christian , " Lesley Brighton said , clearly perplexed by the girl 's " God Hates Fags " sign .
" This is some kind of joke , right ? "
No , it 's deadly serious , Phelps replied .
Electing a transgender mayor , she said , was an abomination .
" I do n't expect for it to sink in but it's our duty to come out here and preach to these people because they 're so proud of having a transvestite mayor , " Phelps said .
" It 's disgusting .
And where was it ?
Was it Isaiah ?
Deuteronomy ?
About it being an abomination ? "
Brighton shook her head .
" I 've read the Bible cover to cover , " Brighton said .
" Bottom line : love beats hate . "
Then she pushed her hat over her ears , gripped the handles of the jogger and set off between the gauntlet of pro and con signs .
Read an earlier story about Rasmussen 's election here .
-- Kimberly A.C. Wilson ; kimberlywilson@news.oregonian.com
When the Rev. Wright imbroglio exploded , it was n't news , at least not to the media .
Most journalists , producers and editors knew months before that Sen.
Obama had a pastor he'd rather not publicize .
Rev.
Wright did n’t become news until there was video , and when it arrived it was as juicy as promised .
Americans got a healthy serving of Wright for a full two weeks , and if they were still hungry , there was YouTube .
I had to ban myself from watching the news .
It was everywhere .
Video makes news .
It grabs us and begs us to pay attention to what 's going on .
So when I came across this video on the left - leaning Talking Points Memo , I wondered why I had n't seen this on CNN , or MSNBC or anywhere on television .
This is the third video of its kind that I 'd seen .
The most recent came from al - Jazeera , so for the sake of argument I 'll exclude it from my analysis , though the video does n't lie .
In yet another video a citizen - reporter asked supporters of Sen. McCain if they thought Obama himself was a terrorist ; some shrugged , some outright said yes , some said they did n't know .
What makes the video I found on TPM new ?
It 's the visceral sense of mob mentality and proactive hate .
Not merely ignorance , which is in the other two , but vocal and emphatic hate — anti-Muslim , anti-Arab , and of course all of it anti-Obama .
( Note : McCain knew what he was doing by going after Obama on Ayers and not Wright .
Ayers allowed the campaign to defensibly say " terrorist " and " Obama " in the same sentence .
Smart .
Everyone 's seen the Wright video anyway ) .
Now , let me be clear .
The media has addressed the issue of McCain 's rallies and some of the statements coming out of in them .
Lots of talking heads — especially MSNBC , of course — have addressed it , most recently Colbert King in The Washington Post .
Yes , it was even in the debate .
The problem is : those statements were inside the rallies .
At a rally , it 's hard for the crowd to voice any opinion beyond a " yay ! " or a " boo ! "
Inside the rallies is a calm space compared to what 's happening outside .
The media focuses on what happens inside the rallies for a few reasons .
One : their cameras and reporters are there , so it 's easier to report and they can support their claims .
Two : McCain and Gov. Palin are within an earshot of hateful comments , so they can be held accountable .
Sounds fair .
But candidates are also responsible for setting the tone of the debate among their supporters .
As Nov. 4 nears and people get more partisan , Obama has been consistently hushing supporters who boo McCain .
" Just vote , " he 's been saying .
By contrast , McCain , who must know what 's happening outside his rallies , is hardly saying enough .
Saying Obama is a " decent family man " once or twice and shaking " no " when a woman suggests he's an Arab is pittance compared to viciousness brewing outside the arena .
It 's like Marie Antoinette saying , " I guess the French people are upset " as thousands storm Versailles with torches and a homemade guillotine .
When I first heard John Lewis ' statement comparing McCain rallies to that of George Wallace in the segregationist South , I thought the Congressman had lost his damn mind .
I do n't like when black people throw around the word " racist " with undue cause .
It stifles constructive conversation .
Now , with the help of video , I see Lewis ' comparison was far from an exaggeration — if perhaps unproductive .
McCain says he admires John Lewis , so why feign umbrage when he 's trying to urge caution and civility ?
McCain is in the twilight of his career ; is this how he wants to end it ?
Video is powerful .
The media is playing it soft and safe by not airing the dirty laundry stinking up our political discourse and wafting about outside Palin and McCain rallies .
They know that if they play them conservatives will bury them with criticism and galvanize the base against the liberal media .
But there 's a reason the McCain camp does n't want the videos played .
Why ?
The people who hate Obama are a small minority of voters .
The vast majority of Republican - leaning voters may disagree with or even dislike Obama but they do n't hate him .
These lukewarm voters would flee the Republican party if they knew they were the party of hate and ignorant nationalism .
These are suburban voters , urban Republicans , whom McCain has held onto for because of his moderate views and record of fighting the base .
He can't afford more hemorrhaging .
The media exposes the dirt candidates tacitly choose to endorse , if not simply ignore .
Sometimes it 's unfair , sometimes not .
The public saw and evaluated Obama and Wright .
Many decided the two were different — indeed , if you read Dreams of My Father , the book Obama wrote long before he had a political career , it 's clear the two hold vastly different philosophies .
The public made the right decision .
It 's time John McCain answer for what he tacitly chooses to endorse , if not simply ignore .
The public can make up their mind if it 's relevant .
Roll tape , mainstream media .
The Chinese government is reported to have sent thousands of soldiers and police to quell unrest in the central province of Hunan .
Up to 10,000 people took to the streets in Jishou to demand money back from an allegedly fraudulent fundraising firm , a Hong Kong - based rights group said .
In another protest in the eastern port of Ningbo , 10,000 workers clashed with police , the group added .
Social unrest is common in China , but rarely on this scale .
Confronting police
The Hong Kong - based Information Centre for Human Rights and Democracy said that , in both protests , violent clashes erupted between angry crowds and local authorities .
In Jishou 50 people were injured in rioting , and police arrested 20 people , the group said .
According to Xinhua news agency , the protesters blocked roads and trains to demand that the government take action after a fundraising company " failed to pay them back as promised " .
The Jishou government admitted in a statement that armed police were drafted in to disperse the crowds , but did not mention if anyone was hurt .
In the second incident , thousands of migrant workers confronted police in Ningbo to protest about the injury of a man in a local factory .
The protests are the latest in a series of confrontations over social issues in China - many of which stem from grievances over alleged corruption and local authorities ' abuse of power .
In June , thousands of people rioted in Guizhou province over claims that police had covered up the rape and murder of a girl .
If you 're wondering whom to thank for the Web 2.0 explosion in interactive websites , consider sending a bouquet to Congress .
Today 's internet is largely an outgrowth of the much - reviled Digital Millennium Copyright
Act that lawmakers passed in 1998 , and President Clinton signed into law exactly a decade ago Tuesday .
Blogs , search engines , e-commerce sites , video and social - networking portals are thriving today thanks in large part to the notice - and - takedown regime ushered in by the much - maligned copyright overhaul .
A decade ago , when the DMCA was enacted , these innovations were unheard of , embryonic or not yet conceived .
Now , Google has grown into one of the world 's largest companies , and its video - sharing site YouTube has left an enduring mark on public discourse .
The Mountain View , California , company is one of many that openly acknowledges the DMCA 's role in its success , a view shared by public interest groups .
" This was the opening shot of the digital age , " recalls Art Brodsky , a writer at the time and now the communications director for Public Knowledge , a Washington , D.C. - based digital rights and lobbying group .
The DMCA ( .pdf ) was conceived a decade ago as the United States ' implementation of an international copyright treaty called WIPO .
Hollywood wanted the bill to protect its intellectual property from being infringed on a massive scale , and secured a still - troubling anti-circumvention rule that generally prevents consumers from bypassing copy protection schemes .
But history has shown that the far - more beneficial element in the law is a provision that provides ISPs , hosting companies and interactive services near blanket immunity for the intellectual property violations of their users — a provision responsible for opening vast speech and business opportunities — realized and unrealized .
Today , the importance of the law is rare point of agreement between civil liberties groups and the entertainment industry , which says the anti-circumvention language was the sine qua non for technologies like the DVD , which was in a test - marketing stage when the DMCA was signed .
The DVD is now among the world 's most widely accepted advances , fostering a new line of electronics manufacturing , and online and brick - and - mortar DVD rental outlets .
" Based on first - hand experience , the studios would not have embraced the DVD technology , at least not as quickly as they did , " says Fritz Attaway , a policy adviser for the Motion Picture Association of America , and its lead lobbyist during DMCA congressional negotiations .
" There was tremendous concern in releasing movies in this greatly improved format that could not be protected against duplication . "
Still , the DMCA 's separate notice - and - takedown provision has proven even more crucial to the growth of the internet .
The provision grants immunity to so - called " intermediaries " — ISPs , for example — for any copyright infringement by their users .
To earn that so - called " safe harbor , " the intermediary such as video - sharing site YouTube must promptly remove material if the copyright holder sends a takedown notice .
But the company can restore the content if the user certifies that it 's noninfringing , and the copyright claimant fails to sue .
Paired with the 1996 Communications Decency Act , which provides similar immunity against noncopyright claims like defamation , the DMCA made it possible for everyone from Digg to WordPress to provide forums for users without constant fear of being sued out of existence .
" These two protections for intermediaries have been absolutely crucial for giving us the internet today , " says Fred von Lohmann , an internet attorney with the Electronic Frontier Foundation , which just released its report on the DMCA .
" You could not run a blog without these .
You could n't run MySpace , AOL without these two things . "
YouTube spokesman Ricardo Reyes agrees .
" We definitely depend on the safe - harbor provisions , " he says .
Takedown Notice
But the privilege also comes with a price .
The law demands intermediaries such as YouTube to take down content immediately in response to a notice , without evaluating the claim for reasonableness or accuracy , or considering the fair use rights of users .
If YouTube does n't abide by the notice , it loses its immunity and subjects itself to copyright liability .
That has opened the door to many abuses of free expression .
But while speech might be limited or eliminated under faulty takedown notices , the speech itself exists in a forum that might not otherwise exist without the DMCA .
The abuses , however , run rampant .
Consider Uri Geller — famous for " bending spoons with his mind " — who last year had sent notices to YouTube demanding the removal of a video purportedly debunking his tricks .
He did n't have the copyright but the video was briefly removed until a lawsuit got it reposted .
Last year , Viacom spammed YouTube with 100,000 takedown notices based on a general search for its shows on the site .
Viacom is also seeking $ 1 billion in damages in a civil lawsuit against YouTube — a major DMCA test case threatening to undermine the safe - harbor privilege .
And more recently , Universal Music issued a takedown notice to YouTube over a Pennsylvania woman 's 29 - second video of her toddler dancing to Prince 's " Let 's Go Crazy . "
The site removed the video , and the mother — Stephanie Lenz — sued the music company for abusing the DMCA , arguing that she was making fair use of the song , which is barely audible in the background of the video .
There is no bright - line rule defining fair use .
The factors include how much of the original work was used , whether the new use is commercial in nature , whether the market for the original work was harmed , and whether the new work is a parody .
In a rebuke to Universal , U.S. District Judge Jeremy Fogel ruled that the music label should have taken fair use into account before issuing a takedown notice , and allowed her DMCA - abuse case against Universal to proceed .
Universal had claimed it did not need to consider fair use before issuing take down notices .
The shoot - first policy the DMCA pushes on websites has even annoyed Republican presidential candidate Sen. John McCain , who voted for the DMCA .
McCain has been reusing snippets of broadcast news footage in his online campaign videos , and a variety of news outlets have been getting the videos yanked from YouTube with takedown notices .
This month , McCain 's campaign asked YouTube to reconsider its automatic takedown policy , prompting a rebuke from the site 's lawyers .
Citing the DMCA , YouTube said it would lose its immunity if it hesitated .
" Without this safe harbor , sites like YouTube could not exist , " YouTube attorney Zahavah Levine wrote McCain .
" We hope that as a content uploader , you have gained a sense of some of the challenges we face every day in operating YouTube , " general counsel Zahavah Levine added .
Anti-Circumvention
The controversy surrounding the safe harbor provision is minimal compared to the DMCA 's so - called " anti-circumvention " language .
The law dictates that " no person shall circumvent a technological measure that effectively controls access to a work protected under this title " — language that , for example , appears to block a DVD owner from copying a disc they 've lawfully purchased .
Because such copying can fall under the rubric of fair use , the law nullifies some consumers ' rights , says ACLU lawyer Aden Fine .
" One of the big problems with the DMCA is it does not take into account fair use rights , " Fine says .
" It seems to sort of ignore the concept of fair use . "
Yet circumvention products , although outlawed , are widely available on the internet .
Developing and selling DVD - ripping tools , for example , has been found illegal under the law , an interpretation now being challenged in court .
But it 's not just movies and music that are wrapped up in the DMCA .
Dmitry Sklyarov , a former employee of the Russian software company ElcomSoft , was arrested and jailed for three weeks in 2001 after finishing a speech at the DefCon hacker 's convention in Las Vegas .
Pictured here , Sklyarov was charged with DMCA copyright violations for trafficking a program he wrote that decrypted Adobe e-book files .
The charges were later dropped in exchange for his cooperation in the government 's case against ElcomSoft .
The anti-circumvention language has even been used in cases that have nothing to do with copyright .
In 2002 , Harvard professor Ben Edelman lost a lawsuit over his bid to decrypt the list of some 5,000 websites that the popular porn filter N2H2 was blocking .
" Today , we do n't know whether that porn filter works or is blocking nonporn sites , " Edelman says .
" The DMCA blocks me from doing research to see if the porn filter works . "
And Princeton computer scientist Ed Felten , who was a witness for the U.S. government in its anti-trust prosecution of Microsoft , claims he was threatened with a DMCA lawsuit in 2001 if he presented a paper at a scholarly workshop explaining defects in the Secure Digital Music Initiative 's digital watermarks on music files .
Technology companies have even tried using the law to suppress competition .
In 2003 , Chamberlain Group , the maker of an automatic garage door opener , sued Skylink Technologies for manufacturing a universal remote that worked on Chamberlain 's doors .
The company argued that the remote circumvented the electronic handshake that controlled access to the garage door opener .
Similarly , Lexmark sued under the DMCA to stop a rival from selling after - market replacement printer - ink cartridges for Lexmark printers .
Both claims were eventually shot down in court .
The DMCA includes a safety valve intended to combat such abuses , but it 's proven ineffective .
Under the law , every three years the Librarian of Congress revisits the anti-circumvention measures and carves out specific exceptions .
In 10 years , though , that process has paved the way for only a handful of exceptions , and they are sometimes meaningless .
An exception adopted during the last review in 2006 granted mobile - phone owners the right to circumvent the technological locks on their phones .
Doing that could allow a user to switch phone carriers without buying a new phone .
Yet the ruling did not require the telephone carriers to unlock their customers ' phones , and marketing of the software or hardware to unlock the phones still remains illegal .
Despite the problems and abuses , it 's impossible to gauge what the internet landscape would look like today had it not been for the DMCA , which Clinton said in a signing statement was a law " carefully balancing the interests of both copyright owners and users . "
The MPAA 's Attaway , who calls himself the lobbying group 's " old man " for his 33 years of service , recalls that the DMCA was a compromise from the start .
" The ISPs wanted safe harbor provisions in return for their support for the anti-circumvention provisions , which was one of the major and most important compromises in this legislation , " he says .
" It 's not perfect .
But it 's better than nothing . "
This photo provided by NASA shows Earth as seen by Lunar Orbiter 1 on Aug. 23 , 1966 , from a distance of 240,000 miles .
This image is part of a larger image restored by NASA and the Lunar Orbiter Image Recovery Project from 42 year old data tapes .
The old moon never looked this good before .
Mankind 's first up - close lunar landscape photos have been rescued from four decades of dusty storage , restored in an abandoned McDonald 's to such a high resolution that it rivals anything modern cameras are taking .
Forty three years ago , Charles J. Byrne , a Bellcomm , Inc.engineer , became concerned about NASA 's plans to archive the data to be sentfrom a series of Moon mapping precursor missions to the Apollo lunar landings .
The Lunar Orbiter telemetry , which just two years and five unmanned missionslater would account for imagery of 99 percent of the Moon , was originallyplanned by the space agency to be recorded on photographic film only .
The fiveorbiters themselves would carry the equipment to develop their film and thenscan it for transmission back to Earth .
Once there , it would then be reprintedin strip form to then be manually re-assembled and re-photographed for study .
Anyone who has used a copy machine to make a copy of a copy knows thatresolution is lost in the process .
The same was true for Lunar Orbiter , thoughfor NASA , which needed quicker access to the data than computers of that daywere able to provide , the resulting images would be what they needed toevaluate landing locations for Apollo .
Still , thought Byrne , there would be valueto having a tape back - up , so he outlined his idea for a Lunar Orbiter DVR - like system in a July 1965 memo .
" It is concluded that the ability to fully optimize the later site surveymissions on the basis of early Lunar Orbiter data depends on an immediatedecision to provide tape recorders , " wrote Byrne .
NASA agreed and AMPEX FR - 900 2 - inch analog tape recorders were positioned atthe Goldstone , California , Madrid , Spain and Castle Island ( Woomera ) , Australia tracking stations to record all the images from the Lunar Orbiter spacecraft .
Byrne had referenced " later site survey missions " in his memo .
Whathe did n't know -- what he could n't know then -- was how much later those tapeswould come back into use .
Earthrise and the sun sets on Lunar Orbiter
Though Lunar Orbiter was quickly overshadowed by the manned Apollo missions , they did accomplish a number of firsts .
The spacecraft captured the first highresolution global map of the Moon , the first stereo imagery of the surface , and the first images of the Earth from the Moon .
The latter was particularly noteworthy as it amounted to the spacecraft ' scontrollers turning Lunar Orbiter 1 away from the surface to take what wasessentially an artistic shot .
The black and white image was quick to capturethe public 's attention .
" And the other one of course , is earthrise , Earth rising above the surfaceof the Moon , " continued Cowing in an interview with collectSPACE.com .
" At the time , all the photos were either television or photographs thathad been sent back and they were murky . "
" Veryshortly thereafter , we landed on the Moon and there were the ghostly images ofpeople walking on the Moon . "
That astronauts landed safely and explored the surface meant that the LunarOrbiters had done their job .
With the Apollo program coming to a close andwithout a pressing need for the Lunar Orbiter data , NASA put the tapes intostorage , first in Maryland and then in the mid-1980s they were moved to the JetPropulsion Laboratory in California .
That 's where they came under the care of Nancy Evans , co-founder of the NASAPlanetary Data System ( PDS ) .
Evans , working with Mark Nelson of Caltech , began a project to obtain surplus FR - 900 tape drives , refurbish them , and digitize the Lunar Orbiter analog dataon the tapes .
They were successful in so much that they were able to obtain thetape drives and get them running , but without funding the project folded .
By the early 1990s , Evans had retired from JPL , taking with her thegovernment - surplused drives in the hope of finding private funding to continuethe project she began ...
Continue readingabout NASA 's Lunar Orbiter Image Recovery Project and view the newly released imagesof the Moon at collectSPACE.com .
? 1999-2008collectSPACE.com
All rights reserved .
Advertising claims made in videos on YouTube are subject to the same standards of truth and accuracy as ads that appear in traditional media , according to a US advertising watchdog .
Such ads can escape the UK regulator 's remit , though .
A group of advertising industry stakeholders is reviewing UK advertising rules .
Its recommendations may include the extension of regulation to advertising claims on companies ' own websites , which are currently exempt , and videos that appear on sites like YouTube .
In the US , industry watchdog the National Advertising Division ( NAD ) , part of the Council of Better Business Bureaus , made clear last week that YouTube falls within its regulatory remit .
NAD examined a video clip released by Cardo Systems , a maker of Bluetooth headsets , which appeared on YouTube .
It showed people placing their mobile phones next to popcorn kernels , which appeared to make the kernels pop .
NAD said it was concerned that , while the scene depicted was implausible , the video may have communicated the message " that cell phones emit heat and / or radiation at a very high and unsafe level and that using cell phones without a separate head - set may be dangerous to users " .
" In non-traditional media , to the extent that advertising claims are communicated , advertisers are required to substantiate those claims with competent and reliable scientific evidence , " it said .
NAD did not ultimately rule on the merits of the case because it found that the video had been discontinued before its inquiry opened .
But it made clear that viral videos and ads posted on YouTube were within its remit .
NAD cited an earlier ruling as authority that clips placed on video - sharing websites " when controlled or disseminated by the advertiser may be considered national advertising " .
That case involved an advert for a Dyson vacuum cleaner that appeared on YouTube .
It claimed that rivals ' cleaners clog and lose suction while a Dyson model performs with no clogging and no loss of suction .
One of the featured rivals said that Dyson 's claims were false and based on unreliable and misleading tests .
" Dyson 's video depicted a comparative product demonstration and was therefore advertising and subject to the legal requirement that it be truthful and accurate , " it said .
The UK's equivalent of NAD , the Advertising Standards Authority ( ASA ) , can only take action over a video on a free site such as YouTube if that video is promoted by the advertiser , for example , by circulating a link to the video in an email .
If the video is not promoted , it escapes regulation , the ASA told OUT - LAW .
The ASA has never taken action over a YouTube video , it said .
Other UK laws can apply to adverts posted to YouTube .
For example , a business that falsely creates the impression that a video is the work of a consumer could fall foul of the Consumer Protection from Unfair Trading Regulations .
That may result in a criminal prosecution .
But such action is rare .
In contrast , the ASA 's rulebook , which generally goes further than the legislation , is applied in several adjudications each week .
The ASA can take action over some viral campaigns but not all of them .
Its rulebook , the CAP Code , makes clear that it covers adverts in emails and " text transmissions . "
But the CAP Code also states that " the Code does not apply to ... website content , except sales promotions and advertisements in paid - for space " .
ASA spokesman Matt Wilson told OUT - LAW : " If [ an advert ] was appearing on YouTube and was not pushed elsewhere , it might not be covered .
If it 's on YouTube it 's not in paid - for space . "
" Adverts on YouTube or on a company 's own websites are not in our remit , " he said .
" For example , Tesco could say something on their website [ that breaches the CAP Code ] and we can't do anything about that , but the same statement on a billboard is within our remit . "
Wilson said the position only changes if a company ' pushes ' the video , such as by email , or encourages users to ' pull ' the video from their own website , for example by making it easy for users to download the clip and circulate it among friends .
UK industry body the Advertising Association set up a committee to review the remit of the ASA earlier this year .
Its Digital Media Group was convened to put forward proposals for future - proofing the industry 's self - regulation of advertising on digital media and its report is expected in 2009 .
A spokesman for the DMG said that the group expects to make recommendations " within the course of 2009 " .
The popcorn advert was removed from YouTube by Cardo but the ad has reappeared on YouTube 's UK site .
While YouTube does not allow users to copy videos from its site , it is not difficult for a tech - savvy individual to do so .
Since Cardo does not appear to have posted that video , it does not control it .
However , Cardo could assert copyright in the video and ask YouTube to remove it .
OUT - LAW asked NAD if it would ask an advertiser to assert copyright to have a video removed when ' banned ' clips are copied by individuals and uploaded to YouTube ; and also whether NAD 's jurisdiction would cover YouTube 's UK site , which is visible to US users .
" We would want to see a good faith effort on the companies ' part in trying to remove the video wherever it appeared , but would be more concerned about the US site , seeing that our jurisdiction is the US market , " said spokesman Bruce Hopewell in an email .
Jurisdiction appears to be another potential loophole .
In the UK , the ASA 's rulebook states : " The Code does not apply to ... marketing communications in foreign media . "
" Direct marketing that originates outside the UK but is targeted at UK consumers will be subject to the jurisdiction of the relevant authority in the country where it originates so long as that authority operates a suitable cross - border complaint system , " says the CAP Code .
" If it does not , the ASA will take what action it can . "
See :
The popcorn video on YouTube 's UK site
NAD statement on YouTube videos ( 1 - page /62 kb pdf )
ASA guidance on viral ads ( 2 - page /33 kb pdf )
Copyright © 2008 , OUT - LAW.com
OUT -LAW.COM is part of international law firm Pinsent Masons .
General Motors , the troubled US carmaker which owns Vauxhall in Britain , has not ruled out going to the government for a financial bail - out and has been in merger talks with local rival Chrysler , after its shares lost half their value last week .
The move comes as all three of America 's largest auto manufacturers , including Ford , fight for survival in a financial crisis which has added to the woes of industrial companies already hit by plunging sales , rising costs and higher fuel prices .
Speculation about a bail - out intensified when Barron's , the respected US business publication , cited two unnamed sources with close knowledge of GM saying it had been talking about ways of seeking a low - cost loan from the US Federal Reserve to bolster its cash position .
Detroit , home city to the companies , has been awash with talk about how GM and Chrysler are looking at the kind of job and factory savings that could be made from welding together their two businesses .
GM insisted at the weekend that it had not yet gone cap in hand to the government and was not engaged in merger talks but Greg Martin , a spokesman for GM , added : " In this period of continued uncertainty in the markets , you really can't rule out anything . "
The central bank , the White House and transportation officials have also declined to comment on the car company 's crisis .
Leading credit rating agencies say GM has adequate money to see it through 2008 , but 2009 could be difficult if business fundamentals deteriorate further .
Robert Schulz , an analyst at Standard & Poor 's , the rating agency , said car companies were running on empty , adding that " macro factors could overwhelm them at some point " .
In response to mounting speculation , GM issued a formal statement saying it was " not considering bankruptcy , " although it admitted it faced " unprecedented challenges " due to the financial uncertainty and weakening industry outlook .
Erich Merkle , an industry analyst and consultant at Crowe Horwath , said access to low - cost funds from the US central bank could stave off the risk of collapse .
" I know GM has said ' no to bankruptcy ' , but the concern is that at some point they simply run out of cash and have no other option , " he said .
In 1980 , the US government provided $ 1.2bn in loan guarantees to Chrysler , a bail - out that enabled the company to turn round its fortunes .
Chrysler is now owned by private equity house Cerberus Capital Management and while it has not commented on merger talks with GM , there are expectations that it would turn to Nissan or Renault if the US discussions did not bear fruit .
Allegations of LCD price - fixing have been swirling around for years now , and it looks like at least some of the companies involved have dirt on their hands -- LG , Sharp and Chunghwa Picture Tubes have all just pled guilty to price - fixing in a case filed by the US Department of Justice and will pay a combined $ 585 m fine .
LG 's taking the biggest hit at $ 400 m for conspiring to fix prices from September 2001 to June 2006 , while Sharp's on the hook for $ 120 m for jacking prices on panels sold to Dell , Motorola and Apple during the same time frame .
Naughty , naughty .
It also sounds like this plea agreement is more than just a sterile attempt to cut losses -- Sharp 's exec staff is taking a 10 to 30 percent pay cut for three months as punishment to reassure its shareholders .
Sounds like a plan -- how about refunding some of that cash to us chumps out here buying your overpriced products ?
The Obama people ask us all to express our " vision " at http://www.change.gov/page/s/yourvision.
Meanwhile Obama is putting together a literal nightmare for the American people by considering appointing Tom Vilsack to head the USDA .
Vilsack is Monsanto ' s guy .
http://www.crocodyl.org/wiki/monsanto click here Watch agriculture - it's where your lives are being undone ... and in such banal ways , GE - seed by GE - seed , state law by state law , economic rights by constitutional rights by human rights .
A non-nightmarish vision begins with getting rid of the horror of genetic engineering .
Genetic Engineering causes : FARMERS BONDAGE TO BIOTECH CORPORATIONS turning farmers into tenant farmers on their own land .
LOSS OF HUMAN CONTROL OF SEEDS ( life itself ) to multinational corporations .
* Ten companies now control more than two - thirds of global proprietary seed sales .
* Ten companies now control almost 90 % of agrochemical sales worldwide .
* Ten companies now account for three - quarters of industry revenues .
DANGER TO HUMAN HEALTH GE - crops already linked to diabetes , allergies , infertility .
click here
click here
click here
PRIVATIZING OF NATURE ITSELF through DNA
click here
PROFOUND HUMAN RIGHTS VIOLATION
- almost inexpressible - in destroying millennia of OPEN access to all natural substances for human beings and the connection between farmers and natural growth .
click here
THREAT TO DEMOCRACY in laws being putting in place to preempt communities and farmers from rejecting GE - crops .
click here
THREAT TO FOOD SECURITY because GE - crops displace local , sustainable agriculture which is the most certain protection for access to food in emergencies .
click here
THE " SOWING OF GLOBAL WARMING " with each seed because they are designed to require huge amounts of petroleum based pesticides .
click here
THREAT TO FARMERS through the massive monopolistic powers of a few corporations " owning " our most crops and raising prices at will as Monsanto just did on seed corn - during a world food crisis and after the devastating floods in the Midwest - knowing it had an utterly captive market .
click here
THREAT TO THE POOR - and all people - AROUND THE WORLD because world food prices are being manipulated through biotech agribusiness owners of the major world commodities .
click here
The choice of Tom Vilsack would be a betrayal of all that Obama says he represents - most especially two groups , small farmers who are being destroyed by lawsuits and crushing prices for seeds , and black people who as the poorest of the poor are on the receiving end of the worst food in this country .
Vilsack is closely connected to Monsanto
click here
which is pushing laws state to state to limit labeling of all GE - products and crops and animals ,
click here
as well as pushing laws to preempt democratic control of communities to stop GE - crops from being planted ,
click here
and is now picking off seed cleaners state to state
click here
who are the last bulwark against complete and total monopoly by Monsanto of all corn and soy seeds in the Midwest .
Obama could not make a more terrible move for our democracy , our land , our farmers , our people .
Excuse me , but what the hell is he thinking ?
Does corruption begin now ?
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Friday , November 28 , 2008
After brazenly declaring that the Mumbai attacks were the work of Al - Qaeda , the corporate media has been forced to backtrack , while India continues to blame Pakistan in a dangerous escalation of rhetoric between the two nuclear - armed powers .
Lashkar - e- Tayyiba would be a useful scapegoat because it has alleged links both to Al - Qaeda and Pakistani ’s ISI secret service .
Bellicose propaganda about Bin Laden being behind the massacre , which was initially propagated by the BBC , London Times and Fox News amongst others , has largely evaporated , with the majority of the establishment press being forced to admit they have no idea who was behind the siege on India ’s financial capital .
However , India ’s claim that Pakistan had a hand in the attacks is beginning to find favor in the U.S. , where one counterterrorism official told CNN , “ the level of sophistication in the attack leads officials to believe that it might be tied to Lashkar - e - Tayyiba ( Army of the Pure ) , an Islamic extremist group that has carried out previous attacks in India . ”
Lashkar - e- Tayyiba would be a useful scapegoat because it has alleged links both to Al - Qaeda and Pakistani ’s ISI secret service , but since the group has vehemently denied responsibility and terrorists normally like to claim responsibility for their handiwork , any attempt to pin the blame is likely to run out of steam .
Lashkar - e- Tayyiba always claim responsibility for their attacks , so their outright denial is the death knell for this explanation .
That India would immediately exploit the tragedy to demonize their arch - enemy Pakistan was fully expected , but how Pakistan , which has recently made numerous peaceful overtures towards India , could possibly benefit from crazed terrorists indiscriminately gunning down innocent people in shocking scenes played out on international television defies belief .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
But that reasoning did not prevent India ’s Foreign Minister Pranab Mukherjee from telling a press conference today that , “ Preliminary evidence , prima facie evidence , indicates elements with links to Pakistan are involved . ”
In reality , as we have repeatedly emphasized , the attacks were likely not the work of Al - Qaeda , Pakistan , the Mossad or the CIA , but Indian Muslims .
As author Tariq Ali points out today , “ The Indian Prime Minister , Manmohan Singh , has insisted that the terrorists were based outside the country .
The Indian media has echoed this line of argument with Pakistan ( via the Lashkar - e - Taiba ) and al - Qaeda listed as the usual suspects . ”
“ But this is a meditated edifice of official India ’s political imagination .
Its function is to deny that the terrorists could be a homegrown variety , a product of the radicalization of young Indian Muslims who have finally given up on the indigenous political system .
To accept this view would imply that the country ’s political physicians need to heal themselves . ”
“ Why should it be such a surprise if the perpetrators are themselves Indian Muslims ?
Its hardly a secret that there has been much anger within the poorest sections of the Muslim community against the systematic discrimination and acts of violence carried out against them of which the 2002 anti-Muslim pogrom in shining Gujarat was only the most blatant and the most investigated episode , supported by the Chief Minister of the State and the local state apparatuses . ”
“ Add to this the continuing sore of Kashmir which has for decades been treated as a colony by Indian troops with random arrests , torture and rape of Kashmiris an everyday occurrence .
Conditions have been much worse than in Tibet , but have aroused little sympathy in the West where the defense of human rights is heavily instrumentalised . ”
The identity and motive behind the terrorists is reasonably clear , these young men are disenfranchised , revenge - driven Indian Muslims , along with a smattering of Pakistanis , Kashmiris and Bangladeshis , based in India not Pakistan , who hate Hindus and believe it is their duty to kick - start a wider tribal war , which is why the vast majority of those killed were Indians , not foreigners , Brits or Americans .
The terrorists were not dispatched on their mission by the Pakistan government or Osama bin Laden , they are mostly Indians who represent a domestic problem for the Indian government , which is why the authorities are seeking to deflect blame and exploit the tragedy to demonize Pakistan in the eyes of the international community .
The spin that the terrorists deliberately targeted American and British citizens is still being pumped out by the western corporate media , despite the fact that only one Briton died , himself being originally from Cyprus , in comparison to well over a hundred Indians , and despite the fact that the rampage was a completely indiscriminate massacre .
The western propaganda machine has taken a domestic problem , which expresses itself almost on a monthly basis in India with routine bombings and attacks , and amplified it beyond all proportion to claim that the attacks were an assault on western democracy , capitalism , and ultimately the Anglo - American power alliance .
The horrible slaughter of hundreds of mostly Indian civilians in Mumbai will now be used as a poster child for continued bombing campaigns inside Pakistani territory and an expansion of the ailing war on terror under President elect Barack Obama , which in the long term only means that more innocent lives will be lost .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
I ’m reading Watts ’ autobiography .
I ’ve been browsing it , really , picking out a chapter here and there .
In the beginning of the book , he recommends that we take a free - flowing attitude , because there is no linear story in the words .
So far , here are some things I have picked up while floating down his “ way . ”
I ’ll start with a piece from his earlier life :
“ Meanwhile ( this was when I was about seventeen ) , I was still reading Suzuki on Zen and trying to practice some form of Buddhist yoga , za-zen or satipatthana – and simply could n’t make up my mind which specific method to follow , or exactly what state of mind or consciousness was satori . . .
I was a shaman , on my own in a religious jungle .
When , at Canterbury , I had become the head - boy , or captain , of my house , The Grange , I had the priviledge of going off by myself to study and meditate in an ancient Elizabethan room , where one could light a fire and stay up until late at night .
It was in aitumn of 1932 - windy , with fallen leaes skittering along roads and fields – and I was trying desparately work out this problem :
What is THE EXPERIENCE which these oriental masters were talking about ?
The different ideas of it which I had in mind seemed to be approaching me like little dogs wanting to be petted , and suddenly I shouted at all of them to go away .
I annihilated and bawled out every theory and concept of what should be my properly spiritual state of mind , or of what should be meant by ME .
And instantly my weight vanished .
I owned nothing .
All hang - ups disappeared .
I walked on air .
Thereupon I composed a haiku :
All forgotten and set aside– Wind scattering leaves Over the fields . ”
That Elizabethan room sounds cozy , and ever - reminiscent of Descartes meditations .
Eliminating theory by theory , cast it all away !
Yet , could you imagine what Descartes would have written , had he experienced sudden enlightenment that fireside evening ?
He describes his education , in both bitterness and insight :
“ In a world of flowers , birds , butterflies , clouds , stars , music , friendly boys , and lovely girls , I did not want to waste my consciousness on such textureless , tasteless , and colorless figurations .
IF you need them you can always look up multiplication tables in a book , or use a slide rule or an adding machine .
But that was considered cheating .
So many would - be students of astronomy have lost interest when bogged down in the mathematical analysis of spectra , because the doubtlessly informative calculations of the science screened out its poetry .
I wonder , therefore , whether minds fully conditioned to look at the stars through mathematical screens may not have blinded themselves to other aspects of the science .
They look at the world through lattices whose mullions block the view of interconnections between objects and patterns which they are designed to measure .
Seeing it thus , they are Venetian blind . ”
I can relate to his critique of formal education , as I went to a catholic school , and am currently attending a Jesuit university .
He also offered a remembering quote here :
“ On the whole I dislike formal games – bridge , chess , Monopoly , and even Japanese go .
Yes , it is all right to play poker on a large tabled covered with bright green felt with a convivial company drinking beer .
But , on the whole , formal games are a way of getting together with other people without meeting them . ”
Good way to put it …
This one does well to wrap up the topic of education ;
“ It is now becoming obvious that the same may be said of almost all schools , and of universities as well .
They are production lines turning out stereotyped personnel and consumers for the industrial machine– a machine which is more and more subservient , not to human needs , but to the abstract purposes of technological expansion for its own sake , of the money game and of competition for the hollow rewards of status . ”
And so the book meanders on , touching on things from seeing a Krishnamurti talk to favorite recipes .
It ’s really something you just have to dig through .
When I discover more gems along the way , I ’ll post them up here .
VERLA , India
“ WHAT are Papa and I doing here ? ”
These words , instant - messaged by my mother in a suburb of Washington , D.C. , whizzed through the deep - ocean cables and came to me in the village where I ’m now living , in the country that she left .
It was five years ago that I left America to come live and work in India .
Now , in our family and among our Indian - American friends , other children of immigrants are exploring motherland opportunities .
As economies convulse in the West and jobs dry up , the idea is spreading virally in émigré homes .
Which raises a heart - stirring question :
If our parents left India and trudged westward for us , if they manufactured from scratch a new life there for us , if they slogged , saved , sacrificed to make our lives lighter than theirs , then what does it mean when we choose to migrate to the place they forsook ?
If we are here , what are they doing there ?
They came of age in the 1970s , when the “ there ” seemed paved with possibility and the “ here ” seemed paved with potholes .
As a young trainee , my father felt frustrated in companies that awarded roles based on age , not achievement .
He looked at his bosses , 20 years ahead of him in line , and concluded that he did n’t want to spend his life becoming them .
[ Perl 6 page ]
Lazy Lists and Multi-Threading
Contents
Lists are Lazy
A core concept in Perl 6 is that lists may be “ lazy ” .
This may be behind - the - scenes and of purely academic interest in many cases , but this concept can be harnessed directly as well .
In particular , it serves as a natural model of implicit multi- threaded programming , which will becomes more important as computer technology moves to “ cores as the new MHz ” .
But first , let ’s look at the most basic form of laziness , which can be observed using the map function† .
sub f1 ( $ n ) { print ( " [ $ n ] " ) ; return $ n * $ n + $ n + 1 ; } my @result = map ( &f1 , ^ 10 , : injective ) ; say @result [ 4 ] ; say @result [ 7 ] ; say @result [ 1 ] ;
If the list was not lazy , as in Perl 5 , you would expect this to produce
[ 0 ] [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4 ] [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7 ] [ 8 ] [ 9]13 57 3
That is , the side - effects of calling print in each iteration happen before the call to map returns , in the obvious order .
Subsequent uses of the @result list simply access the already - computed data .
But in Perl 6 , lists are lazy , and the map function can show this .
The call to map does not call fn1 ten times , but rather sets up a lazy list that knows how to compute each element when ( and only if ) it is needed .
So , the actual output is :
[ 4]13 [ 7]57 [ 1 ]
3
The function fn1 is only called three times , not ten .
The injective flag tells the map function that every input value produces exactly one output value , so it can be very lazy indeed† .
Without this flag , map does n’t know if each input will produce zero , one , or some other number of results , so it ca n’t just know that executing the body on 5th input value will produce the 5th output value .
So instead you would get :
[ 0 ] [ 1 ] [ 2 ] [ 3 ] [ 4]13 [ 5 ] [ 6 ] [ 7]57 3
If you really needed to make map execute all the iterations immediately and in order , like in Perl 5 , you can use the eager function .
my @result = eager map ( &f1 , ^ 10 ) ;
The eager function does n’t just apply to the map function .
It works on any lazy list , and forces it to finish everything .
So you could write :
my @result = map ( &f1 , ^10 ) ; eager @result ; # or @result.eager ;
with the same effect .
Once you ’ve created a lazy list , by any means , you can use functions such as eager to process that list .
The eager function will , in general , check every element in order , and realize it if it is still deferred .
“ one at a time ” and “ in order ” and “ wait for it to finish ” are the characteristics of eager , but you can modify it somewhat using options to the function and settings of the lazy list itself .
For example , you could say
@result.eager ( :range ( 5..7 ) ) ;
and it will realize just elements @result [ 5 ] , @result [ 6 ] , and @result [ 7 ] .
You can give it something more complex , such as
@result.eager (:range ( 8,5..7,1 ) ) ;
and it will realize the elements specified in the range list , in the order in which they are in the list .
The eager function waits for the work to complete before returning .
But you can also get out with an exception .
The ‘ use fatal ’ setting is respected during the call .
try { use fatal ; @results.eager ; }
This will behave naturally just like if you had coded the eager by touching every element using a loop .
try { use fatal ; for ^@results.elems { my $ temp= @results [$_ ] ; } }
So , an exception thrown during the lazy evaluation of one of the @results [ $_ ] will get you out of the loop and leave the try block .
When multiple threads are involved , things are more complicated , as we ’ll see later .
Background Processing
The default settings for a lazy list is to realize each element only when ( if ever ) it is needed .
At that point , the caller needs to wait for it .
However , since the lazy list is essentially a “ work list ” , you can tell it to execute in the background .
@results.lazy ( : background ) ;
The call to lazy only changes the setting , and returns immediately .
But now the implementation can , if it feels like it , work on realizing parts of @results any time it ’s idle .
So , if the program has to pause for user interaction or wait for disk I/O , the implementation can work on populating @results .
Then , when @results [ 9 ] is needed , it is already there , and the program does not have to compute it at that point .
Once you are doing things in the background , there are more options .
Can you do more than one at a time ?
Can they overlap , working on multiple cores at the same time ?
But first , what about errors ?
In the synchronous cases , either by forcing an element to be realized when it was needed or by using eager , exceptions worked sensibly and could propagate out of the work function .
But in background execution , that will not do .
Whenever elements are being realized in the background , the work function is called under ‘ no fatal ’ , and any Failure return value is simply recorded as the realized value for that element .
This works remarkably well to do what you want , even if you prefer to work with exceptions rather than return codes in your program .
Now obviously our example fn1 will always work , but suppose we have instead a more complicated work function that can fail sometimes .
Suppose that it did indeed fail when called to realize @results [ 7 ] .
And it did so in the background .
@results.lazy ( : background ) ; # ... do other stuff .
# ... later , @results is complete .
my $ x = 5 + @results [ 7 ] ; say $ x ;
When we get to the later part of the program , @results [ 7 ] holds not a number but a poisonous Failure object , which is the same object that would have been thrown had the work function been called under ‘ use fatal ’ and had someplace to throw to .
The nature of “ poisonous ” Failure objects while under ‘ use fatal ’ is that any method call , other than checking to see whether it is defined , will actually throw that very Failure as an exception .
So , the expression 5 + @results [ 7 ] will cause the exception to be thrown , even though it was generated earlier , in the background .
Now it has someone to complain to !
The Failure springs back to life as an exception as soon as that background result is used somewhere .
Platform - Specialized Options
Now let ’s look at the myriad of options available for background processing .
The details will depend on the Abstract Machine ’s implementation , the hardware platform , and the operating system .
And , this is certain to change with time .
So the “ specialized ” options are by their nature non-standardized .
But , in general , some concrete classes derived from System : : Background will be provided with your implementation .
You can create one , and within it specify all the details that your platform is programmed with , such as core affinity , NUMA node behavior , priority , and whatever else .
Setting up these objects should be done in a separate area from the main program logic .
These details will not only vary by platform , but can vary based on user ’s settings and preferences as well .
So that set - up is well kept isolated from the bulk of the ( hopefully portable ) program .
Whatever concrete class and arguments you used , you will end up creating some objects of a type derived from Background .
Each such object specifies details of background threading behavior .
And knowing what those are , in global variables for example , you can pass one as an argument to List.lazy .
For example , if I set up $ server_threads somewhere , I could then say
@results.lazy ( $server_threads ) ;
Generic Options
Platform - dependant options are all - powerful but difficult to work with .
Most of the time you do n’t need something that specific or specialized , and can work with generic options .
Now when writing a portable program , you do n’t know the capabilities of the threading model of the platform , or the hardware details .
So what can you usefully set up ?
What you do know is the code that went into the work function , and what that code is supposed to do and how it is written .
The generic options allow you to specify the constraints that the system is held to , and the guarantees that it makes , when executing the work function .
For example , by using the : background flag , you are relaxing the constraint that the work function must only be executed synchronously when a result is needed , but you maintain the constraint that only one iteration can be run at a time .
Here is a hierarchy of useful constraints :
Only run synchronously
That is , no background at all .
Run one iteration at a time .
If run in the background , it will wait for one to finish before doing another .
Likewise , if you ask for one synchronously , it may need to wait for the current background task to finish first .
Initiate more than one at a time , allow their execution to be interleaved , but still only actually work on one at a time .
This is a simple threading model that works when calling functions ( namely I /O ) that can block , and are set up to work with this simple protocol .
For example , consider a work function that reads from files .
When told to work on that in the background with interleaving allowed , the implementation starts realizing @results [ 0 ] .
But , fn2 blocks on reading the file .
The background scheduler sees that , and starts @results [ 1 ] .
In our scenario , that blocks on the file read too , and likewise the scheduler starts working on @results [ 2 ] and @results [ 3 ] .
When that last one blocks ( as they all do ) , the scheduler sees that the first one is ready to proceed , so it resumes work on @results [ 0 ] , which runs to completion .
The scheduler will continue by resuming another one that is ready to proceed , or starting another one .
It only works actively on one at a time , but can juggle several in progress .
That is , the threads are not pre-empted , and only yield when calling a function programmed to do so .
If it only switches tasks when waiting for I/ O or other known points , you do n’t have to worry about all the other logic being “ atomic ” or being interleaved with another instance of the same work list .
This can be further customized in simple ways .
You can specify a number other than 1 to have n non-blocked working threads , which is a useful model for server activities .
If you have several related Lists ( their work functions use the same global variables , for example ) you can group them to use a single worker thread rather than one per List object .
( The default is one group per package . )
If a normal yield point is not a good stopping point , you can suppress that by using a critical section , just like for normal threading .
Run many threads at the same time .
The least constraint is to run iterations at the same time on as many threads as the implementation wants .
The code will have to be written using explicit threading features such as critical sections and thread - safe variables , if the work function would do anything that trips on itself or the main code .
Some functions can be run fully threaded without any threading issues at all .
For example , pure math calculations are clearly side - effect free .
But anything that does not write to non-local variables or have side - effects will do :
my @results := map { get_info( $_ ) } @filenames : injective ; @results.lazy ( : multithreaded ) ;
This has no trouble running in the background on all cores , and does not need any kind of mutual exclusion mechanisms , as each call to get_info works with different data and they do n’t get in each other ’s way .
To recap , the generic options are
synchronous only
one at a time
interleaved
free threading
To make these easy to specify , these correspond to options ( named parameters ) of the lazy method .
If a Background object is not already installed for that lazy List , using one of these options will choose among some built - in ones supplied with the implementation .
If a user - specified Background object is present , the flag is passed through to a clone of that object , which can adjust its behavior accordingly .
: background :!
background :interleaved :! interleaved : interleaved ( $n , : group ( $ group - name ) ) : multithreaded : multithreaded ( $ start - event ) :!
multithreaded
Orthodoxy
This essay opens with “ But first , let ’s look at the most basic form of laziness , which can be observed using the map function . ”
The Synopses do n’t explain that map produces a lazy list .
In fact , I was asking around for how to create a lazy list when the other members of the Perl 6 mailing list pointed out that the normal map function ought to do it .
The map function is actually mentioned a few times in the synopses , but never explained .
The injective flag to map is my own idea .
This and other specific function names and parameter names are not at the level of a formal proposal , but do illustrate the design requirements .
The eager keyword , however , is indeed already in the synopses .
But it is mentioned so briefly that it leads to more questions about what it is and how to use it .
I ’ve assumed that it is syntactically like a function call on a list ( the synopses does n't even explain that ! ) and has the essential concepts of “ one at a time ” and “ in order ” and “ wait for it to finish ” , and explored the ramifications of that here .
Is the syntax for using flags ( named arguments ) to listops correct in this example ?
my @results := map { get_info ( $_ ) } @filenames : injective ;
If statements like this preserve laziness :
my @result = map ( &f1 , ^ 10 , : injective ) ;
' Crazy hardhead ' stays behind in Surfside
Ray Wilkinson , 67 , of Surfside Beach , is seen on the chair where he rode out most of Hurricane Ike .
Ray Wilkinson , 67 , of Surfside Beach , is seen on the chair where he rode out most of Hurricane Ike .
Photo : Julio Cortez , Chronicle Photo : Julio Cortez , Chronicle Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close ' Crazy hardhead ' stays behind in Surfside 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
SURFSIDE BEACH — Ray Wilkinson does n't consider himself a hero for being the only Surfside Beach resident to ride out Hurricane Ike in his home .
Rather , the 67 - year - old Marine Corps veteran considers himself to be the only one " stupid enough " to stay behind .
" I 'm just a crazy , old hardhead , " said Wilkinson , while sitting on the front porch of his Fort Velasco Boulevard apartment today .
" I did n't say I had all my marbles . "
The 30 - year Surfside Beach resident said he watched the frenzy of Ike 's arrival from the front porch of his upstairs apartment , which faces away from the beach .
" I just saw all kinds of goodies floating away , like my refrigerator downstairs , " he said .
" I watched automobiles floating by , " like a Volvo that traveled for several blocks before ending up in a ditch .
Across the community , more than 90 homes were seriously damaged or destroyed as the storm pushed through .
On one home 's screened , second - story deck that faced the water , a half - dozen potted plants seemed to have hardly lost a leaf .
Just two blocks away , homes were ripped off their wooden pilings and crushed together .
Still others were washed out to sea .
A few were nearly obliterated and left in ruins on the shore .
Streets and yards remained partially under water this morning , and were littered with debris , from toilets and bicycles to paintings and children 's toys .
A handful of cars were also submerged , including two that residents had to abandon after waters got to high to drive them out .
A curfew was in place and residents will not be allowed back in until at least Sunday , and only then after checking in and out with police .
The beach town is without water and electricity .
It may take a few days longer before they can come in , said Mayor Larry Davison .
Davison had appealed to Wilkinson and a handful of other holdouts to get out of this town as storm surges hours before Ike 's arrival .
He reported that as many as 40 homes were completely destroyed and 50 or more had heavy damage .
A formal assessment is in the works .
Wilkinson said that he felt his home shaking badly in the fierce winds as he sat there drinking beer , but the gusts were so loud he could n't hear much else .
" It was too much noise from the wind , " he said .
He was never scared , just entertained .
He did not pray for help .
" I figure I put me in this position and God could n't get me out , " he said .
Though he came through unscathed , Wilkinson did n't think others should follow his example .
" I do n't advise it unless you 're nuts , " he said .
Wilkinson said he always evacuated in the past , a task that became cumbersome over the years .
" I ran from Beulah , and it was the biggest mistake I ever made , " he said , referring to the infamous storm of the late 1960s .
" I 'm tired of running from these damn things .
If it 's going to get you , it 's going to get you . "
The disabled carpenter , who survived colon cancer 30 years ago , had planned to leave the island with his next - door neighbor Friday because he has no car .
But when his neighbor left and could n't return , Wilkinson dug in his heels to stay .
Police officers made a last - minute visit , trying to change his mind after the island 's electrical power had been shut off , but Wilkinson turned them away .
" They parked right out in the middle of the road and asked me if I was ready to go .
I said , ' no , ' " he said .
Wilkinson , who served in the military from 1968 to 1974 and still wears a Marine Corps ring on his bandanna around his neck , expects he 'll live out his years in Surfside Beach .
" I love it , " he said .
peggy.ohare@chron.com
dane.schiller@chron.com
Sony Ericsson is the world 's fifth - largest maker of mobile phones
Mobile phone maker Sony Ericsson has seen pre-tax profits fall , blaming demand for cheaper phones and fluctuation in currency rates .
It made a profit of 12 million euros ( £ 9.3 m ; $ 16.2 m ) in the three months to 30 September .
If restructuring costs are included , it made a 23 m euro loss .
Consumers were scaling back when buying new phones , the firm said .
Earlier , Nokia reported a 30 % plunge in third - quarter profit as it lost market share after competitors cut prices .
Finnish bank FIM said on Friday it had downgraded its recommendation on shares in Nokia - the world 's largest mobile maker .
Price fall
Sony Ericsson , the world 's number five handset maker , has had to issue two profit warnings this year .
The average selling price of a phone slipped form 116 euros to 109 euros .
Sony Ericsson 's sales in the quarter totalled 2.8 billion euros , down 10 % from a year earlier .
The number of phones sold during the period also fell to 25.7 million from 25.9 million in the same three months a year earlier - but this was slightly better than the 24.4 million devices it sold in the previous quarter .
Palin pardons turkey as bird bleeds out on camera David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday November 20 , 2008
Print This Email This
In 1963 , President Kennedy decided to let the White House turkey live instead of making dinner of it .
George Bush Sr. was the first president since to pardon a seasonal fowl , in the waning months of 1993 , and his son followed suit through his presidency .
Now Alaska Governor and failed Vice Presidential candidate Sarah Palin has mimed presidential tradition , but her effort at winged mercy was ' cut ' short .
As she staged an impromptu press conference after pardoning one lucky bird , a worker at the Triple D Farm and Hatchery in Wasilla sliced a turkey 's neck , bled it out and twisted its head off behind the governor , directly in the camera 's line of fire .
A reporter asked Palin if she was okay with the backdrop .
The Alaskan Governor answered , " no worries . "
As the bird 's head was removed , the man looked over his shoulder at the governor and reporters and flashed a toothy grin .
" I was happy to be invited to participate in , in this , and , uh , and , you know , for one , you need a little bit of levity in this job , especially with a , uh , so much that has gone on in the last couple of months that has been so , um , political , ah , obviously , that it 's nice to get out and , and do something to promote a local business and , and to uh , just participate in something that is n't so , um , heavy - handed politics that , uh , invites criticism , " said the governor in what appeared to be a single sentence .
" Certainly we 'll even invite criticism for doin ' this too , but at least this was fun ! " she pronounced .
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast Nov. 20 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Sarah Palin ’s father says we just might never see the return of all of the $ 150,000 in clothes Sarah Palin bought to better look the part of Regular Guy .
Her father , Chuck Heath , said Palin spent part of the weekend going through her clothing to determine what belongs to the Republican Party .
“ She was just frantically … trying to sort stuff out , ” Heath said .
“ That ’s the problem , you know , the kids lose underwear , and everything has to be accounted for .
Nothing goes right back to normal . ”
Um , why was the RNC or the McCain campaign or whomever buying the kids underwear ?
It ’s one thing to argue that she needs to look nice on camera and at campaign events ( though not the tune of $ 150,000 ) , but , um , who exactly did they need to impress with Palin ’s kids ’ underwear ?
And oh yeah , Palin is also now saying it ’s George Bush ’s fault that she lost .
Yeah , could n’t be that you ’re a blithering idiot .
No , the country will be ready for blithering idiot in 2012 , just you wait and see .
Today , we are going to say big Thank
You to everyone who supports us , appreciate us , love us and always be there for us when we need them .
So , how can we forget those that makes our online life easier and did the tremendous work for us .
They delivered us those applications / software that help us to get the routine work done for our daily use .
There are many that we can not count and list exactly but we are trying to make a list of 13 Most Essential Open Source Apps That You Probably Like To Say Thank You .
And Yes !
Happy Thanksgiving …
You are welcome to share if you want to say Thank You to more Open - Source Applications that made your life easier .
Do you want to be the first one to know the latest happenings at Smashing Apps.com just subscribe to our rss feed .
Downloadable Web - Based Applications
WordPress As An Open Source Fastest Growing And Damanding Blogging System
WordPress is a state - of - the - art publishing platform with a focus on aesthetics , web standards , and usability .
WordPress is both free and priceless at the same time .
phpBB As The Most Widely Used Open Source Forum Solution
With a large and highly customisable set of key features coupled with a standards compliant interface , phpBB will grow with , and complement your website .
With millions of installations worldwide , it is no wonder phpBB is one of the most popular ways to create and support a community .
Drupal As An Powerful And Open Source Content Management Platform
Drupal is a free software package that allows an individual or a community of users to easily publish , manage and organize a wide variety of content on a website .
Tens of thousands of people and organizations are using Drupal to power scores of different web sites from personal weblogs to large community - driven websites .
Mindquarry DO As A Free And Open Source Application for Team Collaboration
Mindquarry DO is an Open Source collaborative software platform for file sharing , task management , team collaboration and Wiki editing that is available for Windows , Linux and Mac OS X. Mindquarry runs as a web application with an optional desktop client for Windows , Linux and Mac OS that allows for desktop synchronization and offline work .
As a result , you are able to connect with team members and share information from wherever you are , effectively improving team - work and increasing productivity within your team .
PrestaShop As An Open Source Professional e-Commerce Shopping Cart Software
The PrestaShop e-Commerce Solution was built to take advantage of essential Web 2.0 innovations such as dynamic AJAX - powered features and next - generation ergonomy .
PrestaShop guides users through your product catalog intelligently and effortlessly , turning intrigued visitors into paying customers .
jobberBase As The Simple , Free And Open Source Job Board Software
jobberBase is a great open source job board software for anyone .
You can get online your job posting website with jobberBase .
It ’s easy to install and configure to start your job board .
ModSecurity As An Open Source Web Application Firewall
ModSecurity is a web application firewall that can work either embedded or as a reverse proxy .
It provides protection from a range of attacks against web applications and allows for HTTP traffic monitoring , logging and real - time analysis .
It is also an open source project that aims to make the web application firewall technology available to everyone .
Downloadable Desktop Applications
OpenOffice As The Free and Open Office Productivity Suite
OpenOffice is the leading open - source office software suite for word processing , spreadsheets , presentations , graphics , databases and more .
It is available in many languages and works on all common computers .
It stores all your data in an international open standard format and can also read and write files from other common office software packages .
It can be downloaded and used completely free of charge for any purpose .
Mozilla Firefox As An Open Source Faster , Safer And Smarter Web Browser
Mozilla Firefox is a fast and powerful web browser designed to run on both Linux and Windows .
There are far fewer issues with spyware , adware , and pop ups making it far more secure than Internet Explorer .
Amaya
Alternative : Ã‚Â Adobe Dreamweaver
Firefox 3 sets the pace with dozens of new features , including the smart location bar , one - click bookmarking and blindingly fast performance .
Avoid online scams , unsafe transactions and forgeries with simple site identity .
View Web pages faster , using less of your computer ’s memory .
ClamWin As An Open Source Antivirus program for Microsoft Platform
ClamWin Free Antivirus comes with an easy installer and open source code .
You may download and use it absolutely free of charge .
It has High detection rates for viruses and spyware , Scanning Scheduler , Automatic downloads of regularly updated Virus Database etc
Gimp As An Image Manipulation Program
GIMP is an acronym for GNU Image Manipulation Program .
It is a freely distributed program for such tasks as photo retouching , image composition and image authoring .
Ubuntu As A Community Developed , Linux - Based Operating System
Ubuntu is a community developed , Linux - based operating system that is perfect for laptops , desktops and servers .
It contains all the applications you need – a web browser , presentation , document and spreadsheet software , instant messaging and much more .
Wine As An Open Source Virtual PC
Wine is an Open Source implementation of the Windows API on top of X , OpenGL , and Unix .
Think of Wine as a compatibility layer for running Windows programs .
Wine does not require Microsoft Windows , as it is a completely free alternative implementation of the Windows API consisting of 100 % non-Microsoft code , however Wine can optionally use native Windows DLLs if they are available .
McCain Backs
Out of Debate In California / Bush campaign claims senator is abandoning state
Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close McCain Backs
Out of Debate In California / Bush campaign claims senator is abandoning state 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
With new polls showing his campaign dead in the water among California Republicans , Arizona Sen .
John McCain has pulled out of a long - scheduled debate with Texas Gov. George Bush , set for Thursday in Los Angeles .
McCain campaign officials tried desperately yesterday to put the best face on their withdrawal , even as a new Field Poll showed Bush far ahead among likely Republican voters in the winner - take - all race for the state 's 162 GOP delegates .
Top campaign officials attributed McCain 's decision to Bush 's earlier reluctance to appear at the debate .
" We had agreed to do this debate a long time ago , and Gov. Bush said he was n't going to do it , " McCain spokesman Howard Opinsky said yesterday .
" We are n't going to hold our schedule together forever . "
But Opinsky said McCain will debate Bush on NBC's " Meet the Press " Sunday , a national TV show that will reach millions of Americans .
Still , just last week , the McCain campaign was openly derisive of Bush 's reluctance to commit to a California debate -- and promised its own candidate would be there .
" John McCain believes it 's important for the people of California to see and hear the candidates talk about the issues , " McCain communications director Dan Schnur told The Chronicle last week .
" Thirty - three million Californians are worth that attention . . . and we 'll be there , either way . "
As recently as Thursday , when he was in California , McCain was talking about his plans to debate Bush ; even last night , McCain 's own Web site listed his California debate - watching parties .
The CNN - Los Angeles Times debate was the only scheduled head - to - head meeting of the two candidates in California before the primary , a week from tomorrow .
McCain 's campaign said the candidate confirmed to CNN on Thursday that he would not appear .
But until yesterday afternoon , when rumors swirled about the pullout , McCain -- who has touted his " straight talk " politics -- gave no public indication that he intended to duck the nationally televised showdown .
The bait and switch on the debate left the Arizona senator -- whose favorite campaign line is " I 'll always tell you the truth " -- wide open to blistering criticism from his rivals .
" Clearly , this is more double - talk from the McCain campaign , " said Alixe Mattingly , a spokeswoman for Bush .
" Pulling out of this debate at the last minute is an indication that they 're pulling out of California , where McCain 's antagonistic message clearly is n't working . "
The decision to avoid debating Bush clearly upset some of McCain 's top advisers .
" It 's definitely a mistake , but hopefully , the people of California feel strongly enough about the McCain reform agenda . . . to overlook a staff error and come out and vote for John McCain , " said Schnur , a longtime California political operative .
" John McCain is completely committed to California ; unfortunately , our staff 's position on this debate sends just the opposite message . "
California Republicans have been worried all along that the two leading GOP candidates are not giving the nation 's most populous state the respect it deserves .
Bush 's campaign stop in Los Angeles last week , for example , was his first visit to the state since November .
Bush supporters quietly reveled in McCain 's surprise announcement .
" From a distance , it seems like the ' Straight Talk Express ' is careening off the exit ramp in California , " said Leslie Goodman , a Republican communications consultant and Bush backer , in a reference to McCain 's campaign bus .
" They claimed they 'd make California a priority because it was win or die , and now they do n't care enough to debate . "
Although McCain 's backers insisted that a devastating series of polls had no effect on the decision , the senator 's chances of winning a Republicans - only primary in California have grown increasingly dim in recent days .
A Field Poll released today shows the state 's Republicans backing Bush over McCain in the March 7 primary by a 48 percent to 28 percent margin in the contest for California 's 162 convention delegates , a gap virtually unchanged from a Field Poll earlier this month .
Other polls released over the weekend by the San Francisco Examiner and Time / CNN showed similar results .
Most of Bush 's support comes from Republicans who identify themselves as strongly conservative .
Among that group , Bush is favored by a 4 - to - 1 margin .
" That group seems galvanized and ready to vote for Bush , " said Mark DiCamillo , director of the Field Poll .
" It 's going to be hard for McCain to break into that group . "
Ironically , the rest of the poll is nothing but good news for McCain , a war hero who , in California at least , has extended his appeal beyond Republican voters .
In the state 's open primary , where voters can choose from among all the presidential candidates regardless of party , McCain has seen his support among all likely voters surge from 10 percent in January and 15 percent earlier this month to 20 percent today , just 2 percentage points behind Bush and 8 points back of Democratic front - runner Al Gore 's 28 percent .
Democratic former Sen. Bill Bradley trailed with 10 percent .
It is becoming increasingly likely that McCain could beat Bush among all California voters , yet badly lose the Republican - only count that will determine who receives all the state 's national convention delegates .
The new poll also bolsters McCain 's claim that he would be a stronger candidate than Bush in November .
In a head - to - head matchup , McCain beats Gore among likely voters in California by 48 percent to 41 percent , while Gore overruns Bush 51 percent to 41 percent .
Bush also loses to Bradley , 47 percent to 43 percent , while McCain crushes Bradley , 52 percent to 35 percent .
McCain also has the best image of the top four candidates , with 57 percent of likely voters viewing him favorably , compared to 26 percent with an unfavorable impression .
The new poll shows that for the first time , Bush 's unfavorable rating is higher than his favorable rating , with 51 percent viewing him negatively , compared to 41 percent with a favorable impression .
" Everything in the polls seems to be going in McCain 's direction , except the one that counts the most , which is the contest for the ( Republican ) delegates , " DiCamillo said .
On the Democratic side , the poll shows Gore staying far ahead of Bradley , 54 percent to 16 percent , among likely Democratic voters .
" All the attention on McCain is siphoning any type of insurgent campaign momentum away from Bradley , " DiCamillo said .
" Gore seems to be running out the clock and is in a very good position to do that . "
The poll is based on a telephone survey of 1,447 registered California voters conducted from Tuesday to noon yesterday .
The margin of error is plus or minus 3.2 percentage points for the entire poll , 4.5 percentage points for the Democrat - only figures and 5 percent for the Republican - only figures , based on the size of the sample .
The poll represents a snapshot of voter opinion at the time it was taken and is not meant to predict the outcome of the vote .
FIELD POLL
Open primary preferences among likely voters .
--
Preference where Democrat , Republican and minor party candidates are listed on one ballot .
Gore 28 % Bush 22 % McCain 20 % Bradley 10 % Keyes 4 % Nader 3 % Other 1 % Undecided 12 % . . -- Preference among Republicans ( x ) Includes Republican voters crossing over to vote for Democratic or other party candidates in the March 7 open primary in the following proportions : Bradley 2 % ; Gore 2 % ; Nader 1 % ; and all other candidates 1 % . .
Bush 48 % McCain 28 % Keyes 7 % Other candidates 6 %( x ) Undecided 11 % . -- Preference among Democrats Gore 54 % Bradley 16 % McCain 13 % Other candidates 6 %(y ) Undecided 11 % . ( y ) Includes Democratic voters crossing over to vote for Republican or other party candidates in the March 7 open primary in the following proportions : Bush 3 % ; Nader 2 % ; and all other candidates 1 % . .
This poll was conducted February 22 - 27 in English and Spanish among 1,447 likely registered California voters .
It has an overall margin of error of plus or minus 3.2 percentage points .
The Democratic voter sample has a margin of error of plus or minus 4.5 percentage points and the Republican voter sample has a margin of error of plus or minus 5.0 percentage points .
CHRONICLE GRAPHIC
Here ’s a nice little ( totally subjective ! ) story for Linux users .
At home , I have a HP Laserjet 1018 printer ; it ’s a dinky little USB laser .
When I was setting up my Mac running OSX , I attempted to use it .
A common refrain from Mac users is that MacOS X just works — attempt to get something working , and the Mac will do the right thing with little friction , compared to the Linux situation which will involve complex config file editing and what - not .
If this experience is anything to go by , that ’s not entirely the case anymore .
In fact , the exact opposite applied ; when I plugged the printer into the Linux box and ran System -> Administration -> Printing ->
New Printer , it “ just worked ” and I wound up with a working network printer within seconds .
No such luck with OSX .
Some googling revealed the problem :
In summary , the LJ1018 is just not supported on MacOS X .
In order to get it working you need to install a third - party port of the Linux printing components foo2zjs , Foomatic , and Ghostscript , ported to MacOS X , and then get busy with the config file editing and undocumented tweaking and what - not .
Ouch .
So there you go .
Linux : it just works ! ;)
( By the way , I was able to work around it by printing from the Mac to the Linux print server in Postscript ; the CUPS print server will transcode PS to the native format . )
A lo largo del año , todos los estados han sido afectados por este tipo de violencia con la excepción de Baja California Sur y Tlaxcala ; Chihuahua encabeza la lista de víctimas con 1616 .
( Foto : Archivo / El Universal )
Chihuahua suma 1616 ; Tlaxcala y BCS permanecen en cero
He added : " This would increase the chances of finding tissues in good condition .
At present , the lack of suitable species for recipient oocytes ( eggs ) ( CORR ) and for surrogate mothers is one of the major problems that needs to be solved for the method to be applied in extinct or endangered animals .
( CNN ) -- Russia will send additional ships to the Horn of Africa in an effort to crack down on the recent wave of hijackings by Somalia - based pirates , its navy chief said Thursday .
The Russian frigate Neustrashimy is already in the region and has helped repel pirate attacks on at least two ships .
Adm. Vladimir Vysotsky told the official news agency Ria Novosti that more ships would be joining it soon .
" After Neustrashimy , Russia will be sending warships from other fleets to this region , " Vysotsky said .
No additional details were provided .
A NATO - led international fleet has attempted to crack down on the attacks .
An Indian frigate battled a pirate ship in the Gulf of Aden on Tuesday , leaving the ship ablaze and likely sunk , the country 's defense ministry reported .
In September , Vysotsky said Russian ships would be operating on their own .
But the crews of the Neustrashimy and the British frigate HMS Cumberland teamed up to chase off pirates who attacked a Danish ship in the gulf earlier this month .
Watch more about the pirates ' tactics »
More than 90 ships have been attacked off eastern Africa so far this year , according to the International Maritime Bureau , which monitors piracy .
The pirates , who operate from largely lawless Somalia , still hold 17 vessels -- including the Saudi - owned supertanker Sirius Star , the largest ship captured to date .
The pirates typically hold the ships and their crews for ransom , and Saudi Foreign Minister Prince Saud Al - Faisal said Wednesday that the tanker 's owners were in talks with the hijackers .
" We do not like to negotiate with either terrorists or hijackers , but the owners of the tanker are the owners of the tanker and they are the final arbiters of what happens there . "
See where pirates are operating »
Two of the 25 crew members aboard the Sirius Star are Britons , Peter French and James Grady .
The British Foreign Office released a statement on their families ' behalf Thursday , saying they " greatly appreciate the concern that has been expressed . "
Watch Maersk CEO describe risks to shipping »
" They hope that Peter and James will be home safely to their families very soon , " the statement said .
All About Pirates • Somalia • U.S. Navy
Morphine - cannabis super - painkiller
Pain can often be better managed when two types of painkiller are used together .
For example , it has recently become known that cannabinoids such as THC , the psychoactive ingredient in cannabis , enhance the painkilling effects of opioids such as morphine .
Teaming them up could allow doses to become smaller , reducing the possibility of addiction .
But a simple mixture of the drugs produces unpredictable results because the body absorbs them at different rates .
A possible solution is to join together THC and morphine to create a hybrid molecule that is snipped apart by the body , say Joseph Holtman and Peter Crooks at the University of Kentucky College of Medicine in Lexington , Kentucky .
Advertisement
Their idea is to bind the two drugs together using a linking molecule such as an ester .
When the body snips this linking group , both drugs are released at the site where they are needed .
That should ensure both drugs will be absorbed at the same rate , making it easier to work out doses for patients .
Read the full morphine - cannabis supermolecule painkiller patent application .
Botox face cream
Botulinum toxin or botox is injected by cosmetic surgeons to paralyse muscles and reduce the appearance of wrinkles .
But the procedure can be painful and even cause tissue damage leading to problems such as drooping eyelids .
Now Robert Nicolosi and Jonathon Edelson at the University of Massachussetts Lowell Nanomanufacturing Center have developed a skin cream that can do the same trick .
It had been thought that botox could not pass through the skin .
But the researchers have discovered that the toxin passes through with ease if it is attached to a nanoparticle in an emulsion .
The nanoemulsion also keeps the toxin stable , they claim , giving the cream a possible shelf life of up to two years .
Read the full botox face cream patent application .
CPR coach
A person suffering cardiac arrest is at risk of death as their blood is no longer circulating .
Some studies have shown that patients ’ survival rates can increase by a factor of 3 when high - quality CPR is administered .
But the quality of CPR is important .
Getting the depth of chest compressions right is one measure of quality .
And a new gadget from Philips helps first aiders get it right , by giving physical feedback to let them know when the right depth has been reached .
For an adult , that is around 4 centimetres , and for a child around 2.5 cm .
The CPR coach is a pad placed over the patient ’s chest that contains accelerometers to monitor compression depth .
When the correct depth has been reached , the device vibrates to warn the rescuer to stop .
This can be combined with audio coaching , in the form of rhythmic beeps for a rescuer to follow .
Read the full force - feedback CPR coach patent application .
Exoskeleton for grannies , Smart specs for the blind , Smart inhaler , Artificial whiskers , Eco-friendly tattoo removals , Jet-engine silencer , Freeze dried blood , All - seeing garbage sorter , Fraud - beating magnetic banknotes , and Magnetic bone implants .
Editor 's note : Campbell Brown anchors CNN's " Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull " at 8 p.m. ET Mondays through Fridays .
She delivered this commentary during the " Cutting through the Bull " segment of Friday night 's broadcast .
Campbell Brown says the ' late - filing ' excuse insults those who suffer from depression .
( CNN ) --
There 's a story getting a ton of attention here in New York and we thought we would share it with the rest of the country tonight .
It is perhaps the most creative , most ridiculous and yes , most " full of bull " excuse for not paying taxes that I have ever heard .
The governor of New York , well , his chief of staff , is a man by the name of Charles O'Byrne .
Mr. O'Byrne went to an Ivy League school .
He makes about $ 100,000 a year .
And for five years he did n't pay taxes or bother to file returns .
When he got busted , he initially blamed his lapse on depression , but now his lawyer has come forward and offered more specifics .
The lawyer says Mr. O'Byrne has late - filing syndrome .
What ?
You 've never heard of late - filing syndrome ?
Well , again , according to Mr. O'Byrne 's lawyer , it is a condition that made it difficult for him to fill out his tax returns .
He just could n't quite bring himself to undertake the task .
Now , according to The New York Times : " late - filing syndrome , sometimes known as non-filing syndrome or failure - to - file syndrome , is not listed in the diagnostic and statistical manual of mental disorders . "
I know you are shocked .
The paper goes on , " a spokeswoman for the American Psychiatric Association said that the group does not recognize it as a psychiatric condition . "
Important information for those of you who may have been inspired by his defense .
Seriously though , Charles O'Byrne may have in fact suffered from depression .
But his ridiculous , full of bull defense totally makes light of a very real disease that 17 million Americans suffer from each year .
So , note to this loony lawyer :
You have come up with a truly lame excuse for a politician in the hot seat .
And to all those suffering from late - filing syndrome -- get a grip .
All About Income Taxes • Tax Law
( CNN ) --
Two Frenchmen and a German won the 2008 Nobel Prize in medicine for their discoveries of viruses that cause HIV and cervical cancer , the organization 's Web site said Monday .
Luc Montagnier will split the $ 1.4 million prize with two others .
Francoise Barre - Sinoussi and Luc Montagnier of France were honored " for their discovery of human immunodeficiency virus . "
The pair are recognized as the discoverers in 1983 of the virus that can expose people to AIDS .
Both have been involved in breakthroughs in screening for HIV and efforts to develop a vaccine against the virus .
Harald zur Hausen of Germany was cited " for his discovery of human papilloma viruses causing cervical cancer " in women .
The Nobel Laureates in medicine will receive their awards in Stockholm , Sweden on December 10 .
They will split the the $ 1.4 million prize .
The awards '
Swedish founder , dynamite inventor Alfred Nobel , created the prizes in the categories of medicine , physics , chemistry , literature and peace .
Another award is made for economics .
The prizes include the money and an invitation to the prize ceremonies in Stockholm and Oslo on December 10 , the anniversary of Nobel 's death in 1896 .
The winner of the most prestigious of the awards , the Peace prize , is expected to be announced on Friday .
Last year former U.S. Vice President Al Gore shared the honor with the United Nations for raising climate change awareness .
President Bush may be on the brink of doing something stunningly at odds with his record as one of the worst environmental stewards ever to inhabit the White House .
He is considering setting aside three vast , remote corners of the Pacific Ocean for protection , an area larger than Alaska and Texas combined .
In a memo last month , Mr. Bush directed his administration to develop a plan for creating sanctuaries in the waters around the Northern Mariana Islands , including the Mariana Trench , the world ’s deepest ; Rose Atoll in American Samoa ; and parts of a long , sprawling collection of reefs and atolls known as the Line Islands .
The waters are as isolated and pristine as any part of the globe can be these days , home to countless species of fish and plants , rare turtles and seabirds and glorious reefs .
The Mariana Trench is a staggering place ; it could swallow Everest .
The islands are mostly coral flyspecks , but if the waters around them are protected to the fullest extent possible  to the 200 - mile territorial limit  the sanctuaries would total nearly 900,000 square miles .
That is bigger than all of Mexico .
Mr. Bush has done something nearly as spectacular once before .
In June 2006 , he created the Papahanaumokuakea Marine National Monument in the Northwest Hawaiian Islands .
Over the strident objections of some commercial - fishing interests , Mr. Bush created a no-fishing sanctuary covering 140,000 square miles , an area larger than all of the country ’s national parks combined .
Unusual gifts are referred to as the exceptional gifts .
These gifts possess exclusive , rare and uncommon nature .
Presenting with an unusual gift brings smile into the faces of the loved ones .
Each curious and rare gift is made available in the online and this helps in bringing enjoyment and excitement to the loved ones .
Shopping online for unusual gifts helps in sorting a whole range of gifts for all the family and shopping can be done with safety and security .
It is a long - lasting custom that people give the same kind of gifts .
Some of the repetitive gifts are perfumes , photo frames and chocolates and these can be easily detected from the people urging to give gifts .
Gift is considered as a long lasting art throughout the life .
Little imagination and the existence of internet help in revealing the unusual gifts for the loved ones .
This process helps in breaking out the expected mold and helps in handling out creative gifts for the special occasions that the individuals will keep in memory for a long period .
Hence the unusual gifts are considered as a tangible memory for years .
Purchasing on the mall and shopping centers helps in locating the gifts according to the budget and taste of the individual .
But shopping online provides various varieties of unusual gifts at an affordable cost .
There are various websites promoting the sale of unusual gifts and these websites are handled with experienced staffs and sales persons .
By having contact with the customer service , it helps in the selection of the right kind of unusual gifts for the correct occasion at competitive prices .
Some of the websites offer exclusive gifts of unusual nature and they promote sustainable living or social lifestyle called as eco-friendly .
Shopping online helps in meeting many of the gifts with the exceptional quality called eco-friendly .
These gifts are considered as unique , guaranteed and unusual to make a long - lasting memory .
Gifts can be made at the occasion of important functions like valentines day , wedding day , birthday parties , mother ’s day and father ’s day .
Presenting of unusual gifts items like extraordinary watches , show pieces , exclusive jewelleries provide enjoyment and excitement in the hearts of the individual .
Gifts are considered as a way of transmission of love and affection .
Hence gifting with unusual items makes happy and the gift creates a durable memory .
Websites have to be selected on the type of services offered by them .
Many websites provide unusual gifts with the intention of free shipping to the destination of the customer and protects the safety of the gift .
Some websites offer good customer service in the selection of the right kind of the gift .
Based on the qualities of the website , the selection of the unusual gifts can be made .
These gifts provide a flourish able and durable memory in the hearts of the loving ones .
And these gifts will definitely find a special place in the hearts of those you give them to , cherishing them and passing them on for generations to come .
Kossacks ,
I had hoped this campaign would be an honest discussion of how to rebuild our nation ’s economy , create jobs , and strengthen the middle class .
But Congresswoman Bachmann is embarrassing the people of the Sixth District once again , dragging what should be a civil debate into the gutter with two new attack ads accusing me of being a criminal .
Her allegations are baseless and just flat - out false – evidence of a desperate campaign that will do anything to win .
The extreme right has come to Congresswoman Bachmann ’s aid in the last few days with more than $ 860,000 in contributions to help her air these smears and lies .
Bachmann is raising money because of what you did last week – by generously funding our campaign , you ’ve activated the country ’s fringe right - wing , and they ’re on the attack .
She is firing up her base and will stop at nothing to keep from losing her Congressional seat : a seat she simply assumed was hers .
That is , until you spoke ten days ago .
We simply cannot let her get away with these heinous attacks .
The voters of the Sixth District deserve better .
Bachmann ’s extremism and divisiveness know no bounds .
We must do all we can to deny her a second term .
You ’ve done so much to help us reach this point , and we are in a strong position to win this race .
But we need your help now more than ever .
Help with what you can to secure more TV time .
Please help us finish what we started .
We can do this with your continued enthusiasm and support .
Sincerely ,
El Tinklenberg
http://www.tinklenberg08.com
Recent Bachmann Ads :
Our recent TV ads :
UPDATE .
New Bachmann
Ad released today which Minnesota Public Radio bebunked as false here :
http://minnesota.publicradio.org/...
Language : Deutsch English Espanol Français Italiano Nederlands Swedish
Linux wireless LAN support
Wireless Adapter Chipset Directory compiled by HJ Heins
Last updated on 24 May 2020
General Information
This is an attempt to create a , more or less complete listing of wireless devices with information about the chipset they are based on and whether or not they are supported in Linux .
The basis of this list came from this list ( thanks to AbsoluteValue Systems for the permission to use it ! ) .
Limitations
This list is n't complete , so if you have any information about a wireless card , its chipset and whether or not it is supported , please drop me a line .
This list does n't specify anything about how much of your card is supported .
So a card that only works without encryption is listed the same as one that also has support for WEP / WPA .
For the specifics about how much of your card is supported , please refer to the driver page listed for your card .
Native support only
Please note that this list does not mean anything for the support of a card in Linuxant driverloader or ndiswrapper .
The list of cards supported by ndiswrapper can be found here : ndiswrapper wiki
Disclaimer
This list is a work in progress , it should give you an indication of what is supported , it is by no means guaranteed that it should work for you !
Please e-mail me your experience ( remove the NOSPAM from the e-mail address ) .
Additional resources
How to report your wireless device .
Some additional info about wireless cards and chipsets , what to do with them and what specifically not to do with them , is available here .
Searching
There are several ways to search thru the database , pick one , and click the " SHOW " button below the field of your choice .
Choose the manufacturer of your wireless card :
1st Wave 2 Wire 3Com A - Link ADMtec AIN Comm AVM Abit Abocom AboveCable Accton Acer Acer Acrowave Actiontec Adaptec Addtron Adtec Airlink101 Airnet Airvast Alfa Allied Telesyn Allnet Alloy Alvarion Ambicom Ambit Amigo Annubis Aopen Apacher Apple Approx Arcadyan Arescom Artem Asante Ashton Digital Askey Asmax Asus Atheros Ativa Atlantis Atmel Aus.
Linx Technology Avantek Avaya Azio Azurewave BeWAN Belkin BenQ Best Data Blitz Bluetake Bromax Buffalo CC&C CableFREE
Cameo Canyon Tech Celestix Cisco Cnet Compaq Compex CompuShack Conceptronic ConnectGear Contec Flexscan Corega Crewave D- Link DBTel DeMarc Dell Delock Delta Networks Dick Smith Eectronics Digicom Digitus Network DrayTek Dynalink E-tech EDUP Eagletec Eazix Edimax Ellnet Elsa Eminent Encore Enterasys Epox Eumitcom Eusso F=ma Networks Farallon Fiberline Foxconn Fujitsu - Siemens Gateway Gemplex Gemtek Genius GetNet Gigabyte Tech Gigafast GlobalSun Tech Gnet HP Hama Hamlet Hantech Hawking Tech Hercules Horizons Wireless I - O Data IBM ICIDI IOGear IPOne Icom Inexq Inprocom Intalk / Nokia Intel Interepoch Intermec Inventec JAHT KTI Kai-Link Corp Krone-AirLAN Kyocera LAN - Express LB - Link LG LanReady Lancom Lantech LeArtery LevelOne LinkPro Linksys Longshine Lucent / Agere MMC MSI Macromate Macsense Mediacom Medion Meritline MiLAN Micradigital Micronet Microsoft Microtik Minitar Motorola MultiTech NDC NEC Nalcom Nanospeed Net & Sys Netcore Netegriti Netgear Netlux Network Everywhere NewMedia NextLink Nokia Nortel / E-mobility Nova Technology OTC Wireless Olitec Ovislink Panasonic Passys PheeNet Philips Phoebe Pintop Planet Technology Planex Plexuscom Pluscom Prolink Proxim Quetec RECAM RF TNC RIFCOM Ravotek Raylink Remotek Repotec Robanton Roper Rosewill Runtop SMC SOHOWare SOYO SVEC Safecom Samsung Sandisk Sceptre Senao/ Engenius Sernet Sharp Siemens Speedstream Siemens - Gigaset Sitecom SmallBig Smart Bridges Socket Comm Sony Sony Sparklan Startech Sumtel Surecom Sweex Symbol Syntek T - Com TDK TP - Link TRENDware Tecom Tekram Teletronics Tellus Tenda Thomson Toko TopDek Topcom Toplink C&C Toshiba Totolink Troy Wireless Trust TwinMOS US Robotics USBNOVEL USI Ubiquiti Unex Uniden Unitek Viewsonic W - Link Widelink / Ezwave Winmate Wisecom Wistron Wlinx X - Micro Xircom Xterasys YDI Yakumo Yamaha Z- Com Zaapa Zayetech Zinwell Zonet Zoom Telephonics ZyDas Zyxel Zyair iBall Baton
Choose the interface ( PCI , USB , etc ) :
CF Cardbus Ethernet ISA PCI PCI-E PCMCIA USB mini-PCI mini-PCIe multiport
Choose the chipset :
ADMTek Agere Airgo Aironet Ali Atheros Atmel Broadcom IPW InProComm Intel Intersil / Frisbee Marvell NWN Orinoco Prism Ralink Realtek Sis Symbol TI WavePlus WP1200 Zydas
If you want a printout of the complete list , choose this button .
Please use with care , as downloading this list takes some time and bandwidth !
Powered by :
Credits
Before someone comes to the conclusion that all we do here at Gunaxin.com is put together galleries of hot girls , I figured I should put together a gallery of something else .
So I present to you a gallery of Funny Beer Photos .
Yes , my Google Images skills extend beyond looking for boobs , it can find beer too .
Learn how to use Google , and you too kiddies can drop out of college and have your very own website !
I would give you more of an introduction here , but I do n’t think it really needs it .
Plus , I am tired , so just look at the damn photos .
For more funny beer photos , check out our Drunk Pumpkins gallery .
The Republicans ' new ' superstar ' Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
As voters head to the polls in the US , Republican VP candidate Sarah Palin , previously unknown to most Americans , is stealing the spotlight .
Matthew Price reports .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
NEW YORK , Nov 20 ( Reuters ) - New York City subway riders and commuters will have to pay higher fares and tolls while waiting longer for trains that will be more crowded and cleaned less often in order to help close a yawning deficit , state transit agency officials said on Thursday .
Bridge and tunnel tolls , along with subway and bus fares , will be increased enough to raise the agency ’s revenues by 23 percent , starting next June and about 2,700 agency employees would be laid off .
New York ’s Metropolitan Transportation Authority , the biggest mass transit agency in the United States , released no details about fare or toll hikes .
The base fare is now $ 2 for one subway ride .
( Reporting by Joan Gralla ; Editing by James Dalgleish )
Constitutional Topic : Martial Law
The Constitutional Topics pages at the USConstitution .
net site are presented to delve deeper into topics than can be provided on the Glossary Page or in the FAQ pages .
This Topic Page concerns Martial Law .
Martial law is not explicitly mentioned in the Constitution , but the suspension of habeas corpus is mentioned in Article 1 , Section 9 , and the activation of the militia in time of rebellion or invasion is mentioned in Article 1 , Section 8 .
The Topic Page for Military Justice may also be of interest .
The sources for this topic are , primarily , The Living U.S. Constitution by Saul Padover and Jacob Landynski ( Meridian , 1995 ) ; Constitutional Law : Cases and Commentary by Daniel Hall ( Lawyer 's Cooperative Publishing , 1997 ) ; and ex parte Milligan , 71 US 2 .
Note : please note the spelling of " martial law . "
A common mistake is to spell it as " marshal law " or " marshall law . "
A " marshal " is a law enforcement officer of , for example , the U.S. Marshal Service .
There is such a thing as a marshal , but no such thing as marshal law .
In strict dictionary terms , martial law is the suspension of civil authority and the imposition of military authority .
When we say a region or country is " under martial law , " we mean to say that the military is in control of the area , that it acts as the police , as the courts , as the legislature .
The degree of control might vary - a nation may have a civilian legislature but have the courts administered by the military .
Or the legislature and courts may operate under civilian control with a military ruler .
In each case , martial law is in effect , even if it is not called " martial law . "
Martial law should not be confused with military justice .
In the United States , for example , each branch of the military has its own judicial structures in place .
Members of the service are under the control of military law , and in some cases civilians working for or with the military may be subject to military law .
But this is the normal course of business in the military .
Martial law is the exception to the rule .
In the United States , the military courts were created by the Congress , and cases can be appealed out of the military system to the Supreme Court in many cases .
In addition , a civilian court can petition the military for habeas corpus .
Article 1 , Section 9 states , " The privilege of the Writ of Habeas Corpus shall not be suspended , unless when in Cases of Rebellion or Invasion the public Safety may require it . "
Habeas corpus is a concept of law , in which a person may not be held by the government without a valid reason for being held .
A writ of habeas corpus can be issued by a court upon a government agency ( such as a police force or the military ) .
Such a writ compels the agency to produce the individual to the court , and to convince the court that the person is being reasonably held .
The suspension of habeas corpus allows an agency to hold a person without a charge .
Suspension of habeas corpus is often equated with martial law .
Because of this connection of the two concepts , it is often argued that only Congress can declare martial law , because Congress alone is granted the power to suspend the writ .
The President , however , is commander - in - chief of the military , and it has been argued that the President can take it upon himself to declare martial law .
In these times , Congress may decide not to act , effectively accepting martial law by failing to stop it ; Congress may agree to the declaration , putting the official stamp of approval on the declaration ; or it can reject the President 's imposition of martial law , which could set up a power struggle between the Congress and the Executive that only the Judiciary would be able to resolve .
In the United States , there is precedent for martial law .
Several times in the course of our history , martial law of varying degrees has been declared .
The most obvious and often - cited example was when President Lincoln declared martial law during the Civil War .
This instance provides us with most of the rules for martial law that we would use today , should the need arise .
ex parte Milligan
On September 15 , 1863 , Lincoln imposed Congressionally - authorized martial law .
The authorizing act allowed the President to suspend habeas corpus throughout the entire United States .
Lincoln imposed the suspension on " prisoners of war , spies , or aiders and abettors of the enemy , " as well as on other classes of people , such as draft dodgers .
The President 's proclamation was challenged in ex parte Milligan ( 71 US 2 [ 1866 ] ) .
The Supreme Court ruled that Lincoln 's imposition of martial law ( by way of suspension of habeas corpus ) was unconstitutional .
In arguments before the Court , the counsel for the United States spoke to the question of " what is martial law ? " " Martial law , " it was argued , " is the will of the commanding officer of an armed force , or of a geographical military department , expressed in time of war within the limits of his military jurisdiction , as necessity demands and prudence dictates , restrained or enlarged by the orders of his military chief , or supreme executive ruler . "
In other words , martial law is imposed by a local commander on the region he controls , on an as - needed basis .
Further , it was argued , " The officer executing martial law is at the same time supreme legislator , supreme judge , and supreme executive .
As necessity makes his will the law , he only can define and declare it ; and whether or not it is infringed , and of the extent of the infraction , he alone can judge ; and his sole order punishes or acquits the alleged offender . "
In this case , Lambden Milligan , for whom the case is named , was arrested in Indiana as a Confederate sympathizer .
Indiana , like the rest of the United States , was part of a military district set up to help conduct the war .
Milligan was tried by military commission and sentenced to die by hanging .
After his conviction , Milligan petitioned the Circuit Court for habeas corpus , arguing that his arrest , trial , and conviction were all unconstitutional .
What the Supreme Court had to decide , it said , was " Had [ the military commission ] the legal power and authority to try and punish [ Milligan ] ? "
Resoundingly , the Court said no .
The Court stated what is almost painfully obvious : " Martial law ... destroys every guarantee of the Constitution . "
The Court reminded the reader that such actions were taken by the King of Great Britain , which caused , in part , the Revolution .
" Civil liberty and this kind of martial law cannot endure together ; the antagonism is irreconcilable ; and , in the conflict , one or the other must perish . "
Did this mean that martial law could never be implemented ?
No , the Court said .
The President can declare martial law when circumstances warrant it :
When the civil authority cannot operate , then martial law is not only constitutional , but would be necessary : " If , in foreign invasion or civil war , the courts are actually closed , and it is impossible to administer criminal justice according to law , then , on the theatre of active military operations , where war really prevails , there is a necessity to furnish a substitute for the civil authority , thus overthrown , to preserve the safety of the army and society ; and as no power is left but the military , it is allowed to govern by martial rule until the laws can have their free course .
As necessity creates the rule , so it limits its duration ; for , if this government is continued after the courts are reinstated , it is a gross usurpation of power .
Martial rule can never exist where the courts are open , and in the proper and unobstructed exercise of their jurisdiction .
It is also confined to the locality of actual war . "
Examples of Martial Law
Through out United States history are several examples of the imposition of martial law , aside from that during the Civil War .
During the war of 1812 , General Andrew Jackson imposed martial law within his encampment at New Orleans , which he had recently liberated .
Martial law was also imposed in a four mile radius around the camp .
When word came of the end of the war , Jackson maintained martial law , contending that he had not gotten official word of the peace .
A judge demanded habeas corpus for a man arrested for sedition .
Rather than comply with the writ , Jackson had the judge arrested .
After the civil authority was restored , the judge fined Jackson $ 1000 , which he paid , and for which the Congress later reimbursed Jackson .
In 1892 , at Coeur d'Alene , Idaho , rebellious mine workers blew up a mill and shot at strike - breaking workers .
The explosion leveled a four - story building and killed one person .
Mine owners asked the governor to declare martial law , which he did .
At the same time , a request was made for federal troops to back guardsmen .
Over 600 people were arrested .
The list was whittled down to two dozen ring leaders who were tried in civil court .
While in prison , the mine workers formed a new union , the Western Federation of Miners .
In 1914 , imposition of martial law climaxed the so - called Coal Field Wars in Colorado .
Dating back decades , the conflicts came to a head in Ludlow in 1913 .
The Colorado National Guard was called in to quell the strikers .
For a time , the peace was kept , but it is reported that the make - up of the Guard stationed at the mines began to shift from impartial normal troops to companies of loyal mine guards .
Clashes increased and the proclamation of martial law was made by the governor .
President Wilson sent in federal troops , eventually ending the violence .
In 1934 , California Governor Frank Merriam placed the docks of San Francisco under martial law , citing " riots and tumult " resulting from a dock worker 's strike .
The Governor threatened to place the entire city under martial law .
The National Guard was called in to open the docks , and a city - wide institution of martial law was averted when goods began to flow .
The guardsmen were empowered to make arrests and to then try detainees or turn them over to the civil courts .
Martial law and San Francisco were no strangers - following the earthquake of 1906 , the troops stationed in the Presidio were pressed into service .
Guards were posted throughout the city , and all dynamite was confiscated .
The dynamite was used to destroy buildings in the path of fires , to prevent the fires from spreading .
Troops were ordered to shoot looters .
Though there was never an official declaration of martial law , the event is often cited as such .
However , at all times it appears the troops took their orders indirectly from the civil authority .
Though not a state at the time , Hawaii was placed under martial law in 1941 , following the Japanese attack on Pearl Harbor .
Many of the residents of Hawaii were , and are , of Asian descent , and the loyalty of these people was called into question .
After the war , the federal judge for the islands condemned the conduct of martial law , saying , " Gov. Poindexter declared lawfully martial law but the Army went beyond the governor and set up that which was lawful only in conquered enemy territory namely , military government which is not bound by the Constitution .
And they ... threw the Constitution into the discard and set up a military dictatorship . "
On 8/26/2005 , in the wake of Hurricane Katrina , New Orleans was placed under martial law after widespread flooding rendered civil authority ineffective .
The state of Louisiana does not have an actual legal construct called " martial law , " but instead something quite like it : a state of public health emergency .
The state of emergency allowed the governor can suspend laws , order evacuations , and limit the sales of items such as alcohol and firearms .
The governor 's order limited the state of emergency , to end on 9/25/2005 , " unless terminated sooner . "
There have been many instances of the use of the military within the borders of the United States , such as during the Whiskey Rebellion and in the South during the civil rights crises , but these acts are not tantamount to a declaration of martial law .
The distinction must be made as clear as that between martial law and military justice : deployment of troops does not necessarily mean that the civil courts cannot function , and that is one of the keys , as the Supreme Court noted , to martial law .
THE Reserve Bank can not set interest rates solely for NSW .
But if it could , rates would be about 2 percentage points lower than they already are , economists say .
An assistant Reserve governor , Malcolm Edey , noted on Wednesday that according to a number of indicators , including its slowing retail sector , NSW was looking a " fair bit " weaker than the rest of the country .
The Herald has calculated if the banks lowered interest rates by 2 percentage points - NSW borrowers with a $ 300,000 mortgage would be about $ 380 a month better off .
The chief economist at nabCapital , Robert Henderson , said that if policymakers were setting rates solely for the NSW , " you would want very stimulatory settings " .
The death toll in a suicide attack at a gathering of elders in the Pakistani tribal area of Bajaur has risen to 19 , a tribal elder and witness said .
Malik Kamal told the BBC Urdu service that nine elders or leaders of the tribal council were among the dead .
Nearly 40 others were wounded when the bomb went off in Bajaur on Thursday when the tribal elders were gathering to draw up a plan to expel militants .
Bajaur and the surrounding district is a crucial hub for insurgents .
Meanwhile another suicide bomber killed two security personnel and wounded five in the nearby Swat valley late on Thursday .
Troops have been fighting a rising tide of militancy in Swat since last year .
There have been major military operations against the Taleban in Bajaur .
' Running '
Officials say that the bomber in Bajaur targeted members of the Salarzai tribe as they held a jirga , or tribal council , to discuss ways to evict the Taleban from their area .
They say that a senior tribal elder , Sazlal Karim , was among the dead .
Many more people are in a critical condition , hospital staff say .
" The bomber walked up to the jirga and set off explosives strapped to his body , " an official in Khar , the main town in the area , told Reuters news agency .
There was another suicide attack in Swat An elder present at the meeting said : " We do n't know how and when he got there .
We just heard a blast and then people started running here and there . "
It is the second time in a month that a tribal meeting has been bombed in tribal areas near the Afghan border .
In other violence on Thursday , officials said that at least four suspected militants had been killed in aerial bombing by Pakistani jets in Bajaur .
They say that the jets targeted the residence of a local militant commander , but it is not known if he is also among the dead .
Targeting elders Government forces have been conducting operations against militants in Bajaur since August .
The BBC's M Ilyas Khan in Pakistan says that there have been some recent claims of success , but forces continue to face stiff resistance in various areas , especially near the Afghan border .
The army is also encouraging tribes in Bajaur and elsewhere in north - west Pakistan to stand up to militants linked to the Taleban and al - Qaeda .
In response , the Taleban have been targeting elders who oppose them .
Last month nearly 30 people were killed in a suicide car bomb attack in the Orakzai region aimed at a meeting of local people to discuss how to fight the Taleban .
The Taleban have grown in strength in the tribal areas along the Afghan border , where until recently they were safe from American attack .
But in recent months , the US and Pakistani military have been attacking their bases .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
What do you think when you hear the opening chord of “ Hard Day ’s Night ” by the Beatles ?
Is it , “ I wonder if that opening chord is G , D , F , C , D , G like many web sites suggest or if it is G , D , G , C , D , G ( George Harrison ’s 12 - string ) , plus D , G , C , G ( John Lennon ) , and D on bass ( Paul McCartney ) , as given in the official Beatles ’ score ? ”
And if you do n’t know ( you do n’t know , do you ? ) , do you think , “ I wonder if Fourier Transforms could help me figure it out . ”
If that ’s what you ’ve been thinking , you ’ll be delighted to learn that the answer is YES !
Fourier Transforms are those integrals that allow you to take a function like and turn it into another function by calculating
and then playing around with it there .
As explained in this article on Science Daily ,
The process allowed him to decompose the sound into its original frequencies using computer software and parse out which notes were on the record .
The “ him ” is Dr. Jason Brown , a professor in the Mathematics and Computer Science Department at Dalhousie University in Halifax , Nova Scotia .
He looked at the notes , and discovered that neither of the chords mentioned above actually works .
What he found , instead , was that there had to be a piano .
In particular ,
Some music scholars and authors have previously suggested that a piano was included in the sonic layer , and Harrison allegedly offered differing versions of the guitar voicings himself in various interviews .
But , how can we be sure that rock and roll ’s most famous guitar chord is part piano , and what the most likely guitar voicings were ?
With a bit more deductive work , I found the presence of the piano did indeed solve the frequency problem , and the voicings I deduced ( along with likely positioning on the guitars ) are shown in the diagram .
The important point is that the piano is there because the math says it is .
( From this article on Guitar Player , which is also where the notes on the two chords above came from . )
This story is apparently a few years old , but was recently picked up and is making the rounds .
There are more details on Dr. Brown ’s web site [ with more musical information ] , plus he has a program he wrote that lets you explore more about math and music .
And that ’s totally cool .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Tags : Beatles , Fourier Transforms , Hard Day's Night
Digital Planet
Alka Marwaha
BBC World Service
Wireless technology has connected 42 remote villages in Nepal A Nepali teacher has finally turned his dream into reality by connecting his remote mountain community to the internet .
In 2001 Mahabir Pun wrote to the BBC World Service 's technology programme , then known as ' Go Dig ' .
He wanted to connect his village to the internet after the local high school received four used computers as a gift from students in Australia .
However , the lack of a phone line in the village made an internet connection almost impossible .
The only viable option was a satellite connection but the cost of this was beyond his means .
He went on to write an article for BBC News Online asking listeners for advice and received many responses from people all around the world offering their solutions .
Connecting classroooms
Several people also came forward to offer their help voluntarily and suggested wireless networking .
The idea was successfully tested between two villages in Nepal and as a result , Mr Pun was able to turn his vision of a networked Nepal into reality .
" At that time I got many emails from people around the world who told us about this technology that existed in the market , " said Mr Pun .
We had to actually smuggle all the wireless equipment from America and Europe and build the network illegally
Mahabir Pun
" There were also some other people who were not interested in the technology but who were interested in helping to build classrooms in the school .
" They also helped to find equipment and grants from universities to build the network , " he added .
Seven years on , he has now wired up 42 villages with a total population of about 60,000 people .
" The technology has n't changed the day - to - day life of people because they have to work in their field , raise cattle and grow food .
" However , it has made their lives much easier when it comes to communicating between villages , with relatives living in the city or working abroad , " said Mr Pun .
The future is near
There is now a telemedicine project , Voice over IP ( VoIP ) phone calls , internet terminals and places where people can trade goods from live yaks to handicrafts .
" We are using the wireless network for health , providing telemedicine services to the remote villages , " said Mr Pun .
" We have connected three villages for testing to a city hospital because there are no clinics in the area .
Some of the first computers used were donated by other countries " So , whenever people get sick , they can at least talk to the doctors and they do n't have to go all the way to the city , " he added .
One of the main challenges for Mr Pun was being able to gather all the equipment and construct wireless networks during a period of political and civil unrest in his country .
" The conflict in Nepal led the government to ban the import and use of all wireless equipment , " said Mr Pun .
Maoist rebels were intent on setting up a communist republic against the constitutional monarchy .
" The rebels were very suspicious about our network , so we had to actually smuggle all the wireless equipment from America and Europe and build the network illegally , " he added .
When King Gyanendra 's rule ended in April 2006 the rebels agreed to talks on how to end the civil war and a peace deal was agreed in November .
" We got back democracy and after that we told these stories to the Members of Parliament in Nepal and asked them to legalise our wireless networks , " said Mr Pun .
The project is now in its fourth phase and another 19 villages are set to be connected by the end of this year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
まつもとさんもお気に入りという Merb フレームワークの 1.0.0 がリリースされた。これは Rails 一辺倒だった時代から、複数のフレームワークが入り乱れる時代への切り替わりを告げる、大変重要なリリースだと思っている。
しかし日本のニュースサイトでは何の記事にもなってないようで、大変残念だ
( InfoQ は翻訳記事を載せてくれるだろうけど ) 。
仕方ないので、多少なりとも日本で Merb が盛り上がるように、海外の優れたブログの投稿を翻訳してみた。これを読めば、Merb がいかに期待されているか、わかると思う。
翻訳して初めて知ったけど 、Django の slice という機能が Merb にも搭載されているそうだ。しか し「 Django スライス 」でぐぐっても 、Python のスライス ( list や tuple の要素を取り出すための言語機能 ) しかヒットしなくて、よくわかんなかった。あとで調べてみる。
あと 、Merb コアチームは来年の RubyKaigi で発表を行ないたいと言っています。日本の RubyKaigi で発表することで、日本を含めたアジアでの市場にアピールしたいと考えているようです。RubyKaigi の中の人でここを読んでくださっている方がおられましたら、ぜひ
Merb コアチームメンバーの招待をご検討ください。
なお誤訳の指摘はコメントでお願いします。気を使ってメールにする必要はまったくありません。
Merb 1.0 released
Posted on November - 9 - 2008
http://merbist.com/2008/11/09/merb-1-0-released/
On November 7 , Yehuda Katz gave a talk at RubyConf and made 3 major announcements :
11月7 日 、Yehuda Katz は RubyConf で 3 つの重要なアナウンスを行なった :
Merb 1.0 released !
( Merb 1.0 がリリースされたこと ! )
The first announcement is pretty substantial .
Engine Yard has been financially supporting Merb by letting some of their staff work on Merb , fly them to different conferences and sponsoring events like Merb Camp .
Engine Yard did n't yet announce the price structure but having the option for enterprise level support for Merb is just awesome .
1 つめのアナウンスは、かなり重要な意味を持つ 。Engine Yard は従業員を何名 か Merb に従事させたり、様々なカンファレンスへの旅費を出したり 、Merb Camp のようなイベントのスポンサーになったりと、金銭的に
Merb をサポートし続けていた 。Engine Yard はまだ値段の詳細については公表していないが、エンタープライズレベルのサポートが
Merb でも用意されるというのは、すごいことだ 。
John Nunemaker made an interesting comment during RubyConf Pivotal Party .
Something special about Merb is that it was designed to fit the needs of an audience instead of trying to create a series of tools to build a specific type of website .
Having Engine Yard help to finance Merb dev and offer support is very reassuring .
It 's something already done by many other OSS projects such as Ubuntu , MySQL etc …
John Nunemaker は RubyConf Pivotal Party で興味深いコメントを残している 。Merb で特に重要なことは、ある種 の
Web サイトを構築するための一連のツールを作成することを試行するかわりに、聴衆が必要とするものにフィットするよう
Merb が設計されていることだ 。Engine Yard が Merb の開発を金銭的に援助し、サポートを提供するのは、大変心強い。同じようなことは、すでに
Ubuntu、MySQL、その他多くの OSS プロジェクトでも行なわれている。
The second announcement Yehuda made was about Merb Training .
I 'm probably pretty biased since I am at the origin of this project .
I know for a fact that a lot of people were waiting for 1.0 to get started with Merb .
We are also working on getting more documentation out , and 3 books are coming up .
Still , the best way to learn is to sit down with people who know Merb who can teach you the way its intended to be used .
Yehuda による 2 つめのアナウンスは 、Merb のトレーニングに関してである。恐らく私はバイアスがかかっているだろう。なぜなら私〔訳注 : Matt Aimonetti〕はこのプロジェクトに最初から関わっていたからだ。私は、大勢の人が
1.0 の登場を待ってから Merb を始めるつもりであったことを知っている。我々はドキュメントをより充実させることにも努力しているし、3 冊の本が出版予定である。それでも、学習するのに最適な方法は、Merb をよく知っている人から、じっくり腰を据えて教えてもらうことである。
Training will allow you to benefit a lot from being with other people who also share the same desire to master Ruby 's most powerful and flexible web framework .
トレーニングは 、Ruby における最もパワフルで柔軟 な Web フレームワークであ る Merb をマスターしたいという人たちと一緒にいるだけでも、受講者にとっては大変有益であろう。
What 's also really exciting is that Yehuda Katz , Merb 's lead developer , agreed to be a tutor for the course .
I can't imagine a better way to learn .
Check this page for more information about the next training session or get in contact with me if you want to organize a training session for your company .
しかもなんと 、Merb の主任開発者である Yehuda Katz がトレーニングコースの講師を務めるということだ。これ以上、学習するのに最適な方法はないだろう。次回のトレーニングセッションについての詳細はこのページをチェックしてほしい。あるいは私のほうに連絡をくれれば、自社でトレーニングセッションを開催することも可能である。
Finally , the big news was the announcement of Merb 1.0 !
最後に、ビッグニュースとして 、Merb 1.0 がアナウンスされた!
Merb 1.0 went through 5 release candidates and was finally marked as final .
In the last few months , the Merb team worked hard to make things easier for people who want to get started in no time .
Merb 1.0 は 5 回のリリース候補を経て、ついに最終リリースとなった。すぐに始めたいという人のために、何事もより簡単にできるよう、Merb チームはここ数ヶ月のあいだ懸命に働いた。
Let 's quickly look at why Merb is awesome :
Merb がどうすごいのか、簡単に見てみよう :
Merb is Modular .
Merb is not a monolithic framework .
You can pick and choose what you need .
Create a 1 file app " a la Sinatra " or a rich web app " a la Rails " .
Merb has many components .
Only requires the ones you need and save precious resources .
( Merb does n't believe in 1 size fits all )
Merb はモジュール化されている 。Merb は一枚岩 ( monolithic ) なフレームワークではない。必要なものだけを取り出して選ぶことができる。アプリケーションを
1 ファイルで作る " Sinatra チック " にしたり、機能が豊富な " Rails チック " な Web アプリも可能だ 。Merb は多くのコンポーネントを持っている。必要なものだけを読み込むことで、貴重なリソースを倹約してくれる
( Merb は 「 1 つですべてに対応する」という思想を信じてはいない ) 。
Merb is agnostic ( kinda ) .
Because people have different needs and different believes , Merb wo n't force you to use one ORM or another .
Same thing goes for the template engine or for the JavaScript library you want to use .
ActiveRecord , DataMapper , Sequel , RelaxDb , Haml , Erb , Prototype , jQuery … choose which one you want and change whenever you want .
Merb は不可知論者 ( またはそれに類するもの ) である〔訳注 : 不可知論 ( agnostic ) とは、すべてを知りうることはできないという考え方みたい〕。人にはそれぞれ異なる要求があり、異なる考え方を持っている。Merb は開発者に特定の ORM を強要することはしない。同じことはテンプレートエンジンや
JavaScript ライブラリにも言える 。ActiveRecord、DataMapper、Sequel、RelaxDb、Haml、Erb、Prototype、jQuery… 自分の使いたいものを選ぶことができるし、また必要とあれば別のものに変更することも可能である。
Merb can be opinonated .
Merb offers a default stack using DataMapper and jQuery , authentication , exceptions and caching setup for you .
However , creating your own stack is dead easy .
As a matter of fact , the guys at yellowpages.com are using Merb and were talking about creating their own stack using Sequel .
Merb は 頑固でもある 自分なりの考えも持っている 。Merb は、〔訳注 : 特定の ORM や Template system に縛られないとはいえ、 〕DataMapper と jQuery、認証、例外処理、キャッシュ機能といった機能を含んだデフォルトスタックを提供している。しかし、自分自身でスタックを作成するのは非常に簡単である。実際、yellowpages.com の中の人は 、Merb を使っており 、Sequel を使った独自のスタックを作成したことを話していた。
Merb let you reuse your code .
Borrowed from Django , Merb has something called " slices " .
Slices are mini apps you can run standalone or mounted within another app .
A slice is a great way to write code you can reuse .
Unlike plugins which extend the framework features , slices are a way to provide encapsulated content .
( David Chelimsky , RSpec 's author and maintainer actually said that slices where his favorite feature in Merb 1.0 )
Merb は、利用者のコードの再利用を促す 。Merb には 、Django から拝借した " スライス " なるものがある。スライスは、単体で実行できるミニアプリであると同時に、別のアプリケーション内にマウントすることもできる。スライスは、再利用可能なコードを書く方法として大変優れている。フレームワークの機能を拡張するプラグインとは違って、スライスはカプセル化されたコンテンツを提供する方法である。(
RSpec の作者でありメンテナである David Chelimsky , は、 Merb 1.0 の機能ではスライスがいちばんお気に入りだと言っていた)
Merb has an API .
You might be wondering why having an API is awesome .
Well , the truth is that the Merb Team spent time marking methods public , which are guaranteed to not break until the next major release ( any change to the public API will be well documented ) .
There is also a plugin API meaning that plugin developers wo n't have to worry about upgrades if they stick to the plugin API .
Merb は API を持っている 。API を持っていることがなぜすごいことなのか、疑問に思うかもしれない。どういうことかというと、次のメジャーリリースまで仕様が変わらないことが保証されたメソッドを public にすることに
、Merb チームは時間を費やした ( public API に対してはどんな変更もきちんとドキュメント化される予定) 。プラグイン
API も用意され、プラグイン開発者はプラグイン API を使っている限りはバージョンアップについて心配する必要がなくなった。
Merb is fast .
Even though Ruby the language is n't really fast and contrary to popular opinion , Ruby for the web is one of the fastest solutions out there .
( Even Rails is way faster than all the mainstream PHP frameworks )
And that 's what Merb is proving by being one of the fastest web framework available on the market .
Jason Seifer will be interested to know that Merb is n't scared to scale
As a matter of fact , Merb is going to scale even better in the next few months as we are planning to integrate Swiftiply and do some totally awesome stuff to spawn / reap workers based load .
( more about that in few weeks ) .
Merb は高速である 。Ruby という言語そのものはそう速くはないが、一般的な意見とは裏腹に、Web アプリケーション で Ruby を使うことは最高速のソリューションのひとつである ( Rails ですらメインストリーム の PHP フレームワークより高速である ) 。また Merb は市場における最高速 の
Web フレームワークのひとつである 。Jason Seifer は Merb のスケール性が高いことについて知りたいと思うだろう。実際、Merb はよりスケール性が高くなるであろう。なぜなら、次の 2、3 ヶ月で Merb に Swiftiply が統合されることが計画されており、ワーカーの起動と収穫 ( spawn / reap ) におけるベースロードについて大きな改善がなされる予定だからだ。〔訳注 :
Swiftiply は clustering を行なう proxy server であり 、Mongrel に対応している 〕
Matz likes Merb .
Ruby 's daddy , Yukihiro Matsumoto told us he likes the flexibility of Merb and the fact that the framework does n't create a DSL on top of Ruby .
He even told us that he 's going to introduce his company to Merb !
We were obviously very honored and for us , it validates months of work by dozens of contributors .
Here is a transcript of Matz comments about Merb and the Ruby web world :
まつもとさんは Merb がお気に入りだ 。Ruby の父であるまつもとさんは我々に 、Merb の柔軟性と 、Merb が Ruby のトップに DSL を作らないということが、お気に入りの理由だと語ってくれた。まつもとさんはまた、自分の会社に
Merb を導入するつもりだとも言っていた !
これは大変名誉なことだし、我々にとっては多くの貢献者とともに行なってきた数ヶ月の努力が正しかったという証明でもある。Merb と、Ruby での Web 界についての、まつもとさんのコメントをここに紹介する :
“ Everyone outside of the Ruby community understands that we only have 1 web application framework , named Rails , but it 's not true in any sense .
We have several post - Rails frameworks , which is very good , and I believe in diversity .
“ Ruby コミュニティの外にいる人たちはみな、私たちが Rails という 1 つの Web アプリケーションフレームワークを持っていることを知っています。
Ruby コミュニティの外野にいる人たちは 、Ruby にはフレームワークが 1 つしかない、つまり Rails しかないと聞いています。しかしどんな意味においても、それは真実ではありません。ポスト
Rails を狙うフレームワークは複数存在し、それらはどれもよくできていますし、また私は多様性を信じています。（追記 : 2008-11-23修正）
Merb has a bright future for the people who are not satisfied by the fixed ways in Rails .
I think that that Merb will give users more freedom in a Ruby - ish way of programming .
Rails の固定されたやり方に満足していない人にとっては、Merb は前途有望です。私が思うに 、Merb は Ruby らしいプログラミングでより大きな自由をユーザに与えてくれるでしょう。
I 'm not really a web - guy , so i do n't judge any of them [ frameworks ] , but Rails does some kind of drastic change on the language itself like in Active Support .
But Ruby has its own culture and technological atmosphere in the language so that keeping that makes me feel easier . ”
私自身は Web 開発者ではありませんので、どのフレームワークを判定するということはしません。ただ、Rails は ActiveSupport のように言語そのものに大きな変更をしてしまいます。しかし
Ruby は、Ruby 自身の文化と、技術的な雰囲気が言語にあり、それを壊さないということが、私にとっては気持ちいいことです 。 ”
Merb is memory friendly and therefore cheap .
Merb is Open Source and free , but hosting an application costs money .
Merb memory footprint is tiny compared to other solutions and that means that hosting will cost you less .
( interesting when you think that Engine Yard help developing Merb : p ) Using Ruby Entreprise Edition , you will even use less memory , meaning you save even more money
By the way , Matz told me this morning that the Ruby core team is working on their own solution for a better GC and it should be available soon .
( Ruby 1.9.x )
Merb はメモリに優しく、結果として安くつく 。Merb はオープンソースであり無料である。しかしアプリケーションのホスティングにはお金がかかる。Merb で必要なお金は他のソリューションに比べて実に小額であり、これはホスティングによる費用が少ないことを意味する
( 〔訳注 : ホスティングサービス会社である 〕EngineYard が Merb の開発を支援していることを考えると、興味深い :p ) 。Ruby Entreprise Edition を使えば、使用メモリはより少なくなり、よりお金を節約できるだろう。ところでまつもとさんは今日の午前中、私に
Ruby コアチームは独自で GC の改良を進めており、まもなく利用可能になるだろうと語ってくれた ( Ruby 1.9.x ) 。
Merb source code is easy to read .
Because Merb code is modular and because Merb has a concept of an API , reading Merb 's source code is pretty easy .
On top of that , Merb itself uses RSpec making tests really easy to read and understand .
What 's great when the source code is easy to read is that developers can quickly check the source code if they want to understand how things work .
We also get better patches from contributors and we keep our code clean .
We believe in the theory of the “ Broken Windows ” by James Q. Wilson and George L. Kelling :
Merb ソースコードは読みやすい 。Merb のコードはモジュール化されており、また Merb は API の概念を持っているため 、Merb のソースコードを読むのは簡単である。それに加えて
、Merb 自体が RSpec を使ってテストを読みやすく理解しやすいように作られている。ソースコードが読みやすいということは、開発者が中の仕組みを理解したいと思ったときに素早くソースコードをチェックできるということであり、大変重要なことである。また貢献者からもよりよいパッチを得られるので、コードをきれいに保つことができる。我々は、James Q. Wilson と George L. Kelling による " 壊れ窓 " 理論を信じている :
“ Consider a building with a few broken windows .
If the windows are not repaired , the tendency is for vandals to break a few more windows .
Eventually , they may even break into the building , and if it 's unoccupied , perhaps become squatters or light fires inside .
“ ビルの窓が何枚か壊れているとしよう。もし窓が修理されなかったとしたら、悪意ある者がもう何枚か窓を壊すようになるでしょう。最終的には、彼らはビルに侵入し、もしビルが使われてなければ不法居住者になったり、放火したりするでしょう。
Or consider a sidewalk .
Some litter accumulates .
Soon , more litter accumulates .
Eventually , people even start leaving bags of trash from take - out restaurants there or breaking into cars . ”
また歩道を考えてみましょう。ごみが散らかっていたとします。しばらくすると、別のごみが増えています。最終的に、人々はレストランからのテイクアウトのごみを歩道に捨てたり、車に侵入するようになるでしょう。 ”
I guess I could keep on going with other reasons why Merb is so awesome , but let 's keep some for another post :)
Merb がなぜそれほどすごいのか、その理由をもっと挙げることはできるけど、それは別の投稿のために取っておくことにしよう :)
In conclusion , on behalf of the Merb core team , I 'd like to thank all the Merb contributors , Ezra Zygmuntowic ( creator of Merb ) , Yehuda Katz ( Merb lead developer ) , Matz ( Ruby creator ) and finally DHH & the Rails core team .
One more thing :
まとめとして 、Merb コアチームを代表して、私はすべての Merb 貢献者に感謝の意を表したい : Ezra Zygmuntowic ( Merb 作者 ) 、Yehuda Katz ( Merb 主任開発者 ) 、まつもとさん ( Ruby 作者 ) 、それか ら DHH と Rails コアチーム。どうもありがとう。あともうひとつ :
$ sudo gem install merb $ merb - gen app my - awesome - merb - app
Type :
Select a Category 2012 Appropriations Information 2015 Warrior Games Profiles 2017 Air Force Events 9/11 AF
Awards CSAF 21 AF Events AFA AFA 2018 AFA September 2019 African American Heritage Month 1 - 15 African American Heritage Month 16 - 29 African American History Month Air Force Birthday Air Force Family Air Force in Space Air Force Stories Aircraft Airpower For America News Airpower4America APP Airman Visuals APP RSS April Observances Art CMSAF18 Chief of Staff Archive Civilian Force Management Colorado Wildfire Command Information Commander 's Call Topics Commentaries Cybersecurity Desert Storm 25th Anniversary Dignified Transfer Diversity DOD Senior Leaders Don't Ask Don't Tell Energy Enlisted Evaluation System Enlisted Force Management Environmental Expeditionary Operations Fallen Airman Profiles Fallen Airman Remembered Features ... AFSO 21 February Observances Fiscal Year Budget Force Management FY15 Budget Government Shutdown Government Shutdown 2015 Heritage History ( AFWN ) Honor Humanitarian Hurricane Dorian Hurricane Florence Hurricane Harvey Hurricane Irene Hurricane Irma Hurricane Isaac Hurricane Michael Hurricane Sandy Innovation ISR Know Your Air Force ( AFWN ) Lethality and Readiness ( AFWN ) MAJCOM News Medal of Honor Recipients Medals Memorial Day Mission / Training Observances Officer Force Management Stories Oklahoma Tornado Relief Operation Odyssey Dawn Personnel Matters Photo Stories Public Service Recognition Week Readiness Safety Secretary of the AF Sequestration News Sexual Assault Space / Technology Sports / Recreation Squadrons ( AFWN ) Suicide Prevention Through Airmens Eyes Through Airmen 's Eyes Through AIrmen 's Eyes Features Through Their Words Tomorrow 's Air Force ( AFWN ) Top Stories Transition GPS Warrior Care Warrior Games Space Force COVID -19 TMC_Training Supporting the Nation Modernization Air-Space Strengthen Alliances and Partnerships Build Space Force TMC_AirCombat TMC_Nuclear Grow Strong Leaders and Families TMC_Mobility Uniforms AF Chief of Staff Chief Master Sgt. of the AF Week in Photos Women History Month Women 's History Month 1 - 15 Women 's History Month 16-30
Verizon has apparently quietly fired the employees who could n't resist the temptation of peeking at the President - elect 's cellular records , according to several news reports .
Verizon had to take this action , after it had verified the breach .
Any IT manager will quickly acknowledge that with access comes responsibility for respecting a client 's privacy , no matter how tempting .
The news broke last week that curious workers had checked out account information for a now - closed account that belonged to Barack Obama .
Carrier Verizon suspended several employees pending an investigation and quickly issued a statement declaring its commitment to customer privacy .
Verizon 's appropriate reaction benefits even we mere mortals who supply personnel at phone companies , banks , and utility services with personal data that , if abused , could result in financial loss and major headaches untangling identity theft .
To some extent , we just have to trust that these folk are acting as professionals .
Every once in awhile we hear of some that succumb to temptation , such as IRS employees who sneak a look at a Hollywood celebrity 's tax return .
Passport records are also apparently a draw .
But the Verizon incident underscores the privacy and security concerns that are the reasons it may be hard for Obama to keep his omnipresent BlackBerry after January 20 .
However , every CEO has security issues ; one consultant suggests it can be done .
Finding a way would also enable Obama to keep the technological tools he relies on , and help him keep grounded with continuing connection to his broader community .
But back to Verizon :
For the cellular carrier the situation was a matter of essential business ethics , not to mention PR .
Even if you 're not the president - elect , will you feel less comfortable about the confidentiality of your calling record ?
We consumers agree to user licensing provisions when we contract with services ; we expect them to hold up their end as well -- and act quickly , as Verizon did , when someone represnting such a service slips .
It 's time for some refresher training -- and probably not just at Verizon .
" Part of the adventure is that you are in another environment .
If you do n't like it , you do n't go anywhere like that at all or you do n't eat the food .
We tend to blame someone but we must not do that , it 's the adventure . "
I think that you will like those pictures which https://viagrageneriquefr24.com are from old Siberian mine from 1930 year .
As you can see it ’s really cold there , I suppose that it was not so easy to work in this mine at that time .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Syria has protested angrily to both the US and Iraq after what it said was a US helicopter raid inside its territory that killed eight civilians .
Syria summoned US and Iraqi envoys to condemn the " aggressive act " .
Iraq said the area targeted was used by militants to launch cross - border attacks in Iraq .
The US has neither confirmed nor denied the incident .
It has previously accused Syria of allowing militants into Iraq .
Syria said the US helicopters attacked a farm in the Abu Kamal border area .
If confirmed , the raid would be the first known attack by US forces inside Syrian territory , says BBC diplomatic correspondent Jonathan Marcus .
' Outrageous crime ' A Syrian government statement said : " Syria condemns this aggression and holds the American forces responsible for this aggression and all its repercussions . "
It called for an immediate investigation .
The attack drew strong criticism from Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa , who told reporters the incident " should not pass by without clear condemnation . "
Read village reaction Iraqi government spokesman Ali al - Dabbagh said Baghdad was " in contact with the American side about reports regarding the attack along the frontier with Syria " .
But he added that the attacked area " is a theatre of insurgent activities against Iraq using Syria as a launch pad " .
Neither the Pentagon nor the White House has made any official comment .
A US military spokeswoman in Baghdad said it was " in the process of investigating " .
Syria 's press attache in London , Jihad Makdissi , told the BBC the incident was " an outrageous crime and an act of aggression " .
" If [ the US has ] any proof of any insurgency , instead of applying the law of the jungle and penetrating , unprovoked , a sovereign country , they should come to the Syrians first and share this information , " he said .
Mr Makdissi said the US government had " proved to be irrational and they have no respect for international law or human rights " .
He warned that Syria would " respond accordingly in the proper way " .
The government newspaper Tishrin called the act a " war crime " .
They started firing at us .
My little boy ran out and as I went to protect him they shot me
Wife of a security guard Although there has been no official US response , an unnamed US military official told the Associated Press news agency that special forces had targeted al - Qaeda linked militants moving across the border .
" We are taking matters into our own hands , " the US official said .
The official said there had been considerable success closing lines of entry for foreign militants but added : " The one piece of the puzzle we have not been showing success on is the nexus in Syria . "
Several days ago the commander of US forces in western Iraq said they would be increasing operations to secure the border as it had become an " uncontrolled " entry point for militants .
US intelligence believes up to 90 % of the foreign fighters entering Iraq come through Syria .
Blood - stained floor Syria 's official Sana news agency said that " four American helicopters violated Syrian airspace around 1645 local time [ 1345 GMT ] on Sunday " .
FROM THE TODAY PROGRAMME
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
More from Today programme
The government said the helicopters attacked the Sukkariyeh farm near Abu Kamal , eight kilometres ( five miles ) from the Iraqi border .
A building under construction was hit and four children and a married couple were among the dead , it said .
Reports of the raid vary but some said at least two helicopters landed and troops disembarked to fire on the building .
HAVE YOUR SAY
The Americans always do this sort of thing , it shows us how little our lives mean to them Ahmad , UK " We were at the building site when four [ soldiers ] came down .
Four [ soldiers ] headed towards us and another four went towards the workers who were putting in the foundation concrete , " a woman identified as the wife of a security guard told Syrian television .
" They started firing at us .
My little boy ran out and as I went to protect him they shot me .
There were four aircraft - two of them landed while the other two remained airborne .
The aircraft also kept on firing at us .
They killed the workers .
When I went to catch my son they shot me .
He was running towards his father . "
TV pictures showed a truck riddled with bullet holes and a blood - stained floor .
Our correspondent says the timing of the incident is curious , coming right at the end of the Bush administration 's period of office and at a moment when many of America 's European allies - like Britain and France - are trying to broaden their ties with Damascus .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
= hsflickr - Programming Flickr from Haskell = ' hsflickr ' is a Haskell package providing a binding to the Flickr API - http://www.flickr.com/services/api/
The binding is functionally complete ( Nov 2008 ) , letting you write applications in Haskell that access and manipulates content on Flickr , either public information or per-user photos and properties .
Including the uploading of new photos .
= Getting started =
For some code samples showing you how to get started using this API binding , have a look in the examples / directory .
=
Building and installing =
This package is provided in Cabal form , so only thing you need to do to get going is : foo % runghc Setup configure foo % runghc Setup build foo % runghc Setup install
The package depends on a bunch of other packages though , so you need to have them built&installed , as well .
They are : * HTTP : http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/HTTP
* xml : http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/xml * mime >= 0.3 : http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/mime * utf8 - string : http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/utf8-string = Authentication =
To use this API binding to build your own Flickr application , you ought to apply for your own set of API keys to identify yourself with when prompting the user .
See , http://www.flickr.com/services/api/keys/apply/ , for how to apply -- use either a ' mobile ' or ' web ' type of key .
With that API key , instantiate your own APIKey value , see Util .
Keys for definition of that type + examples of its use .
( The keys that come with the package by default are not guaranteed to stick around for too long , esp. if their use end up being used in inapprop .
ways . ) = Feedback / question =
Please send them to sof@forkIO.com , and I 'll try to respond to them as best / quickly as possible .
Stolen election in Alaska ?
By Shannyn Moore shannynmoore.wordpress.com
Something stinks .
Not just an ordinary low tide smell .
Not like something you 'd blame on the dog .
It smells like an infection .
For me to plug my nose , I 'd have to overlook some curious facts .
More people voted for George W. Bush in 2004 than voted for Sarah Palin on Tuesday despite an identical 61 - 36 margin of victory .
Yes .
Only four years ago 54,304
Alaskans got off their sofas and voted for Bush , but decided to sit home and not vote for Palin in 2008 .
In turn , I have to ignore the 30,520 Alaskans who felt progressive enough in 2004 to vote for John Kerry , but were n't inspired enough to get out and vote for Barack Obama .
I would have to glance past the 1,700 % increase in the Democratic caucus in February , the 20,991 newly registered voters , and the three largest political rallies in Alaska 's history .
I would also have to forget the people I stood in a long line with to early vote .
It would be helpful not to know every other presidential election since Alaska began keeping records has had a larger turn out than the one this year with our own Governor on the ticket .
Try not to remember 12.4 % more Alaskans showed up for the August primary vote than did four years ago , before the Palin nomination .
Do n't think about the Lower 49's record voter turn out this year either .
Try to delete the memory file , though difficult , that 80 % of us approved of Sarah Palin just two months ago .
Something stinks .
You do n't care ?
Obama won .
Yes .
He. Did !
Free at last !
Wait .
Democracy demands all of the votes be counted .
if you can find them .
Four years ago , 313,592 out of 474,740 registered voters in Alaska participated in the election - a 66 % turnout .
Taking into account 49,000 outstanding ballots , on Tuesday 272,633 out of 495,731 registered Alaskans showed up at the polls ; a turnout of 54.9 % .
That 's a decrease of more than 11 % in voter turnout even though passions ran high for and against Obama , as well as for and against Sarah Palin !
This year , early voters set a new record .
As of last Thursday , with 4 days left for early voting , 15,000 Alaskans showed up - shattering the old record set in 2004 by 28 % !
Consider the most popular governor in history - and now the most polarizing - was on the Republican ticket .
Consider the historic nature of this race ; the first African American presidential candidate EVER !
The second woman to ever make a presidential ticket ; and she 's one of our own .
Despite that , we 're supposed to believe that overall participation DECREASED by 11 % .
This historic election both nationally and for Alaska HAD THE LOWEST ALASKA TURNOUT FOR A PRESIDENTIAL RACE EVER !!!
That makes sense .
REALLY ???
Something stinks .
But wait , there 's more ...
Pre election polls had both Mark Begich - D and Ethan Berkowitz - D beating incumbents Senator Ted Stevens and Congressman Don Young by at least 6 - 10 points .
Stevens is currently ahead by 3,353 votes with 49,000 ballots left to count .
Berkowitz , however , is behind by 16,887 votes ; a 51 - 43 margin .
Are we to believe Don Young came from an 8 point average polling deficit to win by 8 points - a whopping 16 point turnaround ???
Remember how historic the pundits thought Hillary Clinton 's come from behind New Hampshire Primary victory was ?
She trailed Barack Obama by 9 % in the pre primary polls and ended up winning by 2 points .
It was called the most stunning comeback in political history .
On Election Night , Don Young topped Hillary Clinton 's startling and unprecedented comeback .
Furthermore , there were nearly three thousand Alaskans , ( 2,783 ) that voted yet left the hotly contested congressional race blank .
In the highly publicized senate race , complete with a nationally covered trial that ended with seven felony convictions for the incumbent , 1,392 Alaskans submitted a ballot and failed to register a vote in the senate race .
I 'm not sure statistically what that means , but it strikes me as odd that well over a thousand Alaskans would wait in long lines and not cast a vote in either the senate race or the congressional race - especially since there was only one ballot measure .
In addition , this particular election had an extra high degree of local interest with Governor Palin on the national stage .
McCain - Palin was ahead in Alaska pre election polling by as much as 55 - 40 .
The Haysresearch Poll that came out Sunday indicated that gap had closed to 2.7 points !
That poll was certainly consistent with Palin 's reverse meteoric fall in popularity within the state of Alaska .
In that same Haysresearch Poll released on November 2 , Question 2 addressed Governor Palin 's positive - negative rating .
11 % of Alaskans surveyed said their opinion of Palin had become more positive while 37 % indicated they were more negative towards Palin .
Yesterday 's vote contradicts those polls .
McCain - Palin won Alaska 61 -36 !
A 25 POINT SPREAD !!!
An identical point spread as the 2004 Election .
Alaska has certainly had our share of election hanky panky .
Check out this link to our 2004 election results .
There are 40 districts in Alaska .
The Anchorage area districts run from District 17 - District 32 .
Scroll down to the bottom of the page and pick any district from 17 - 32 .
Pay particular attention to the 3rd column labeled % turnout .
Hit the back arrow and select another district .
There are more precincts with voter turnout over 100 % than under 100 % .
In other words , many more people voted in Anchorage area precincts than there were registered voters .
Clearly , this is not possible .
In 2006 , the Democrats filed a lawsuit against the Alaska Division of Elections to release public records needed to verify the 2004 election results .
The Democrats ALSO sought to have the Alaska Division of Elections release the raw election data for the 2006 election .
With that history , and the bizarre anomalies in polling and voting and reports from the field of ballots not being scanned on - site due to broken machines , could this election have been stolen ?
I 've always said if Democracy was a religion , voting would be the sacrament .
I 'm wondering if someone stole the body and blood of this election .
I 'm wondering if the wine is n't poisoned .
Take a few whiffs .
Breathe deeply .
See if you do n't come to the same conclusion .
Where are the votes ?
Something stinks at the Alaska Division of Elections .
Shannyn Moore. Born Alaskan .
Patriot .
Constitutionalist .
Lover of Freedom .
Giving hell to the establishment .
Standing up to fascists and tyranny ... both foreign and domestic .
Visit Shannyn's blog at shannynmoore.wordpress.com © AlaskaReport.com
All Rights Reserved .
Kucinich : Bankers partied as economic crisis hit Nick Cargo and David Edwards
Published : Tuesday November 25 , 2008
Print This Email This Congressman Dennis Kucinich ( D - OH ) , an outspoken critic of the Iraq occupation and the recent cash infusions into failing banks , sat down with Dina Gusovsky of Russia Today to discuss the state of the nation and extend a hand of friendship to Russia .
" The United States economy is in deep trouble , " he opened .
" It 's in deep trouble because we have permitted banks to go unregulated , we have engaged in deep deficit spending for war that was totally unnecessary .
The war against Iraq should have never been prosecuted . "
" Our whole way of life is changing , " the Congressman said , with the country spending over $ 600 billion a year on the military at the same time people are losing their homes , jobs , pensions , and retirements .
" It clearly calls for a totally new approach . "
The state of the economy will get worse before it gets better , Kucinich added , unless changes are made .
These changes include keeping people in their homes and creating jobs .
" There 's millions of people out of work today in America , " he said .
" We have to put people back to work , remembering what our president Franklin Roosevelt did many years ago . "
In 1935 , Roosevelt , as part of the New Deal , created the Works Progress Administration ( later the Work Projects Administration ) to provide close to 8 million jobs during the Great Depression .
Funds for the WPA helped establish adult education and arts programs , build new roads , bridges and other public infrastructure , and provided food , clothing and housing .
" We need to do the same thing , " Kucinich said , " putting millions of people back to work rebuilding our roads , our bridges , our water system , our sewer system -- rebuilding our infrastructure . "
Implementing wind and solar energy technology , he added , would employ millions more , and reduce our carbon footprint .
Kucinich also called for pulling out of Iraq and Afghanistan , along with a stop to threats on Iran .
" We need to pull back from this position of empire - - of unilateralism . "
Working with Russia is key to global security , he said , by way of eliminating the use of nuclear weapons .
The nation , as well , needs to stop positioning itself as an aggressor , he added .
" We do n't want to go back to the days of the Cold War , " he continued , " where both of our countries saw our economies stressed because of all the money that was spent for military buildups . "
Taxpayer money , at the same time citizens are suffering job losses and financial hardships , is seen going into the pay and bonuses of CEOs .
Corporate executives are " holding parties while the house is burning down , " Kucinich said of the ongoing Wall Street bailout effort , citing a decline in confidence in Congress .
He has previously called the bailouts a ' perfect financial storm ' and ' immoral ' .
" The world community ought to be talking about what 's going on economically , " he said .
" The United States has made some decisions that have implications for the entire world .
We have to look at the level of debt that we 're gathering .
We have to look at our ability to repay people who have loaned money to us .
We have to look at our spending patterns that are causing debt to rise , such as war and military buildups . "
The same banks that helped lead the country into its current economic state should not be left in control as efforts are made to reverse the effects , the Congressman added .
" This is the mistake that [ Treasury Secretary ]
Paulson made this week by simply saying , ' Well , we 're going to give the money to the banks , and they 'll make the right choices . ' "
The banks are hoarding money , he charged , and using it to buy other banks and maintain a credit freeze that affects the consumer 's ability to conduct one 's everyday life .
This video is from RussiaToday.com , broadcast Nov. 25 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Strike cancels classes at Toronto ’s York University
By our reporting team
15 November 2008
Three thousand , three hundred and fifty part - time teachers ' assistants and contract faculty have withdrawn their services at York University in a strike against the school administration 's attempt to continue a regime of poverty compensation , benefit cuts , and job insecurity .
On Thursday , the strike by members of the Canadian Union of Public Employees Local 3903 entered its second week and negotiators for the two sides met for the first time since the strike began .
But the talks broke down after only a few hours and the university administration all but rejected further negotiations , with university spokesperson Alex Bilyk declaring , " binding arbitration ... is the quickest way to get our 50,000 students back to class . "
The third largest institution of higher learning in Canada , York University has cancelled all classes since the strike began on November 6 .
Teaching assistants at York are full - time graduate students who are only allowed to work ten hours per week — both inside and outside the university .
Should they take on any additional paid labour , the university imposes substantial financial penalties .
They earn as little as $ 10,000 a year for their services and , along with their contract faculty colleagues , provide over 50 per cent of all instruction to students on campus .
Contract faculty , the other job classification in the collective agreement , earn about $ 14,000 for each course that they design , teach , and grade .
Despite often having similar degree qualifications and competitive publication records , contract faculty earn much less than tenured professors at the university .
Tenured professors receive a minimum of $ 80,000 per year for typically teaching no more than three full - year classes .
Currently , contract faculty suffer under some of the most draconian job insecurity provisions in the entire profession .
Each and every semester they must re-apply for their job no matter what their level of experience , skill or qualification .
In a bitter eleven - week strike that ended in early 2001 , CUPE Local 3903 surrendered provisions that allowed contract faculty to sign contracts for up to five years .
In the current dispute , the union has demanded an 11 per cent increase in wages over a two year contract , an improvement in the meagre health benefits currently in place , and the right for contract faculty to sign long - term contracts .
Negotiators for the university have offered 9.5 per cent over three years , cuts in benefits and no improvements on job security issues .
They are also demanding that the union submit to binding arbitration , in a bid to have an arbitrator compare York University 's contract offer with other provincial universities where wages and other provisions are often even worse .
The dispute at York is rooted in socio-economic trends to be seen across Canada and far beyond the higher education sector — the increase in the hierarchical divisions of the workforce , the proliferation of insecure , part - time jobs and ever - increasing attacks on living standards .
And universities themselves are no longer the oak - panelled ivory towers of centuries past .
Broader layers of the population have gained access to institutions of higher learning — albeit by incurring massive debt loads — as western economies continue to move away from traditional industrial manufacture to a more " value added " occupational base .
But even these more highly - skilled occupations are becoming evermore " proletarianized . "
The increasing use of contract faculty in place of tenured professors is simply the expression of this trend on the campuses themselves .
Whilst intellectuals are increasingly re-processed as educational workers , the university itself is becoming more dependent on big business in the form of corporate sponsorships , commercialized research , and targeted private donations that have all proliferated with the decline in state support over the past generation .
Because of business pressure and , more generally , the rightward shift amongst the most privileged sections of society , university administrations have become more conservative .
Moreover , the recent stock market meltdown , which has depleted endowments and pension fund investments that provide substantial funding sources to the universities , will only exacerbate the already quickening pace of class conflict on the campuses .
There are other broad issues at stake in the York University strike .
Whilst the union has demanded a two year deal , the university has offered a three year contract .
Officials in the provincial office of CUPE have been angling for a province - wide bargaining process at the universities similar to one that already exists with Ontario school boards .
Obtaining a two - year deal at York would move one of the largest universities onto the same 2010 bargaining window in which the lion 's share of contracts at other universities expire , and provide the union with added bargaining clout .
Moreover , it would provide fuel for the union 's argument that such centralized , " pattern " arrangements should be extended throughout the public sector .
The Liberal provincial government of Dalton McGuinty is opposed to this strategy , despite union assurances that the province would benefit from " cost savings " won through a rationalization of the bargaining process .
Said the Minister for Colleges and Universities , John Milloy , " I respect the autonomy of the institutions when it comes to universities . "
Milloy 's claims of respecting institutional " autonomy " notwithstanding , there has been speculation that the provincial Liberals have made it known to the York administration that a two - year deal would not sit well with the Premier .
A more overt intervention by the Ontario government against the strikers cannot be excluded , since they recently served notice to hospitals , universities and school boards that they should plan for a new period of restraint in government funding .
A group of right - wing students , no doubt covertly encouraged by the administration , has set up a website to campaign for the government to break the strike through emergency back - to - work legislation and binding arbitration .
St. Thomas University in Fredericton , New Brunswick , employed a similar strategy after it locked out its full - and part - time faculty last December .
Senior university personnel actively incited the student council to " independently " oppose the faculty 's contract demands and demand an immediate end to any job action .
The Toronto Star , for decades a staunch ally of the Liberal Party , was quick off the mark in trying to isolate the York University strikers in the court of public opinion .
It published an editorial last week that commended the university administration 's offer as " in line with the tough economic times " and urged the union to accept it .
Of course , the editorial board , while denouncing a 5.5 per cent yearly wage increase for teaching assistants as unreasonable , failed to mention the huge pay hikes recently given some senior administrators .
These include a 112 per cent increase in compensation for university Dean Harvey Skinner , a 20 per cent raise for Associate Dean Asia Weiss and a 16 per cent raise for Dean Robert Drummond .
A reporting team from the World Socialist Web Site recently interviewed strikers on the picket lines at the main York campus in north Toronto .
Megan , a political science teaching assistant ( TA ) in her sixth year , commented on the impact of the developing economic crisis on the dispute .
" Well I 'm not sure if it will affect the outcome of the strike , because we 've been advocating these demands long before it came up , but the universities are like businesses these days , only worried about making profit .
It really is n't a coincidence that the programs which receive less funding are the liberal arts and humanities , because they inspire critical thinking of the world .
Meanwhile business schools , law schools get a lot more — private , obviously — funding , because they 're the ones that do n't question the structure .
Even so , it was n't some alien force that just installed the capitalist system — after all , it 's a human construction , it did n't just fall from the sky .
" Once we actually realize that we 're all equally affected by the policies of the current socio- economic order , maybe things will change .
Unfortunately , getting people to understand and make connections is very difficult to do , and it also depends how people will interpret the causes of the recession . "
Gary , a picket captain with six years experience as a TA , added , " To those people who would say we should n't be bargaining in a time like this , we 'd say that in 2001 , the last year that we had a contract dispute with the university , that was n't in the middle of a financial collapse so there was no reason that the university could n't deal with us fairly .
I do n't know what excuse they were giving to the union at the time , but they kept us out for 11 weeks , and now they 're saying there 's a massive financial crisis , a so - called liquidity crisis in the States so we should give in for precisely that reason .
And we say , well that 's unfortunate that there is this crisis , but at the same time our demands have been up there for years .
Since 2005 we've had a 30 percent increase in our membership and we have n't had proper funding to reflect that increase in our membership . "
Christine is in the sixth year of her PhD and has been a TA for six years in the faculty of fine arts .
She explained further , " They have increased enrolment over the last three years , which has been the length of our latest contract , 30 percent , so our union [ membership ] has increased 30 percent , but the administration has n't increased the size of the funds to accommodate the increased enrolment .
So we have access to less money for childcare , for PhD completion funds , bursaries ; you know there 's just less money to go around .
Last summer people did n't get bursaries because the reserves were empty because of the increased enrolment .
All we are asking for is for a fair distribution of funds . "
Uh-oh .
The Canadian Press ( the Canadian version of AP ) reports :
MONTREAL — A Quebec comedy duo notorious for prank calls to celebrities and heads of state has reached Sarah Palin , convincing the Republican vice - presidential nominee she was speaking with French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
In the interview , which lasts about six minutes , Palin and the pranksters discuss politics , pundits , and the dangers of hunting with current vice - president Dick Cheney .
The Masked Avengers , who have a regular show on Montreal radio station CKOI , intend to air the full interview on the eve of the U.S. elections .
The well - known duo of Sebastien Trudel and Marc - Antoine Audette have also tricked Rolling Stones singer Mick Jagger , Microsoft founder Bill Gates and French president Jacques Chirac .
The video for Pink 's newest single , " Sober , " was released today with a lot of buzz because it 's supposed to depict female masturbation - sort of .
The video ( which you can see after the jump ) actually symbolically shows Pink messing around on a bed with another version of herself .
This territory is n't anything new for Pink .
" Fingers , " off her 2006 album I 'm Not Dead , is a more direct approach to the subject .
Upon first viewing " Sober , " I thought , " Yeah , I liked it better when Björk did this with robots in ' All Is Full of Love . ' "
Then , I started thinking about all the different songs and videos about female masturbation by women and realized that there 's like a butt load of them , and all by mainstream pop stars .
Who says that women do n't talk about playing with themselves ?
A roundup , after the jump .
Pink - " Sober "
Björk - " All Is Full of Love "
Tweet - " Oops "
Britney Spears - " Touch of My Hand "
I love myself
It 's not a sin I can't control what 's happenin ' ‘ Cause I just discovered Imagination 's taking over Another day without a lover
The more I come to understand
The touch of my hand
Tori Amos - " Icicle "
And when my hand touches myself , I can finally rest my head .
And when they take from his body , I think I 'll take from mine instead , Getting off , getting off while they 're all downstairs .
Divinyls - " I Touch Myself "
The Pussycat Dolls - " I Don't Need a Man "
I do n't need a man to make it happen I get off being free I do n't need a man to make me feel good I get off doing my thing I do n't need a ring around my finger
To make me feel complete
So let me break it down I can get off when you ain't around
Madonna simulated masturbation during " Like a Virgin " on her Blonde Ambition tour .
Janet Jackson has like a million songs about sex , and I 'm sure that a bunch of them include themes of masturbation , but the most popular is probably " If . "
How many nights I 've laid in bed excited over you I 've closed my eyes and thought of us , A hundred different ways I 've gotten there so many times
And then of course there 's Cyndi Lauper 's " She Bop , " but for some reason , it 's not embeddable from YouTube .
So you can watch it here .
No one takes out the trash in space .
In the cramped living quarters of a space station , garbage can pile up , spoil and become a health hazard for astronauts .
There has never been a good system for dealing with space waste -- the space shuttle now brings full trash bags back to Earth ; on the Russian space station MIR , junk would accumulate in hallways for months before it was sent to burn up in the Earth 's atmosphere .
And that is why Jean Hunter , associate professor of agricultural and biological engineering , has been working with research partner Orbital Technologies Corp. ( ORBITEC ) of Madison , Wis. , to develop a cutting - edge trash dryer for NASA .
The space agency will need a new solid waste strategy before it sends astronauts on extended missions to Mars or an outpost on the moon .
Why bother drying trash ?
In space , waste can't simply be " thrown out . "
If astronauts place it outside the airlock , it will orbit alongside their spacecraft .
If they eject it away from the spacecraft , they might encounter it again later .
Or -- even worse -- it could contaminate another planet .
" We do n't know if there 's life on Mars , " said Hunter , " but we know that our trash is teeming with it . "
Yes , the trash could be launched toward the sun , she says , but better to take usable resources out of it first .
By that she means water , which is the most precious resource that astronauts take with them into space .
Hunter 's group has developed a system that blows hot , dry air through wet trash and then collects water from the warm , moist air that emerges .
This water can be purified for drinking , and the remaining trash is dry , odorless and inert .
The air and the heat are both recycled to contain odors and save energy .
Recycling urine in space
Jean Hunter 's team is also working on recovering potable water from space wastewater .
On the International Space Station only cabin humidity condensate ( moisture exhaled by astronauts and evaporated from wet towels and clothing ) is now recovered and purified .
Urine is chemically stabilized and stockpiled , and the astronauts use baby wipes and moist towels to keep clean , so there is no hygiene water .
On the planned lunar outpost , urine and hygiene water will have to be recycled .
Existing NASA technology can recover around 85 percent of that water , but the last 15 percent , charitably called " brine , " poses a much greater challenge .
Hunter 's team has a grant with ORBITEC to develop a new specialized brine dryer , but the team has submitted another proposal to dry brine in the trash dryer .
Heat - pump dehumidification drying , as the technique is called , which has commonly been used for drying lumber , needs to be adapted for space , though , because existing systems depend on the Earth 's gravity and contain materials unacceptable for spaceflight .
Hunter 's team -- including graduate student Apollo Arquiza , Jasmin Sahbaz ' 10 , Carissa Jones '09 and high school student Trudy Chu -- has been testing the dryer with fake " space trash " -- a mix of paper towels , duct tape , baby wipes and dog food ( to simulate the astronauts ' food scraps ) .
" When people think about garbage in space , they remember the trash compactor scene from " Star Wars " -- and believe it or not , there 's some truth to that scene , " Hunter said .
" Trash in space is like you saw in the movie : big , wet , nasty and varied " ( though , of course , without any trash - dwelling monsters ) .
A prototype heat - pump dryer is currently being tested at the NASA Ames Research Center .
If NASA selects the Cornell / ORBITEC model ( which Hunter describes in several peer - reviewed Society for Automotive Engineer technical papers ) over dryers developed by competing groups , ORBITEC will make a prototype that performs under zero gravity , is small and light enough for a spacecraft and can survive the rigors of a rocket launch .
The future of Hunter 's trash dryer technology -- and of the entire manned spaceflight program , for that matter -- will ultimately depend on the goals of the Obama administration .
" This whole thing could get mothballed , " Hunter said , although she 's hopeful that NASA will continue with its plans to return humans to the moon by 2019 .
" Now that we see India , Japan and China all interested in going back to the moon , I think the next president will want our nation to be part of that , too . "
Graduate student Melissa Rice is a writer intern at the Cornell Chronicle .
" When you work in computing services for a university , you spend about as much time on high - minded development as you do un-jamming printers and resetting passwords for faculty , " Ed G. writes .
" It 's not ideal , but it 's a living . "
It was time to get some new staff , and after being burned by some previous employees that could talk the talk , but not walk the walk , they devised a new litmus test for potential hires , called " The Receptionist Test . "
It 's quite simple , really .
When an applicant arrives for an interview , ( s ) he spends at least five minutes waiting in reception .
During this time , the receptionist stages a minor tech support problem and asks for the applicant 's help .
The first applicant to receive this test , " Tom , " was given a test that Ed feared might be too simple .
The receptionist would complain about not being able to save a file to a floppy disk with its write protect tab set incorrectly .
Tom initially seemed up to the task , asking to sit at the computer for a second .
He made sure that she 'd navigated to drive A , that files were readable from the disk , and tried to save .
No go .
He tried again , with the same result .
" Either your drive or the disk must be dirty , " he insisted confidently .
After popping the floppy out , sliding the shutter over to expose the disk , he inhaled deeply , puffed his lips , and furiously blew into the disk .
He put it in and tried to save again .
Still nothing .
For a full thirty minutes he used this diagnostic process which was not unlike that employed by an eight year old me when trying to get Contra to work .
Sadly , with the same result — exacerbating the problem by spraying it with saliva .
Another applicant , a bright young woman named Lisa , used unconventional techniques as well .
When presented with a keyboard that kept producing strange accented letters rather than punctuation marks , she thought for a few moments , before navigating to Wikipedia .
She opened the article about punctuation , used the keyboard to copy - paste quotation marks and pasted them into a new Notepad document .
Like a painter , she had a palette of quotation marks ready to be copied and pasted as necessary into the document the receptionist had struggled with .
This instead of changing the keyboard 's language back to English .
John was a lot less level - headed .
His task should 've been the simplest of all — the receptionist could n't print a document .
Totally understandable when the printer is turned off and all of the lights on its display were totally dark .
First , he hit Control +P , selected the printer , and clicked " OK , " and confirmed it was n't working .
His solution ?
Hit Control +
P harder to make sure the printer really felt it .
For 20 minutes , he kept increasing the force of his typing and mouse clicks , finally pounding his fist on the desk and giving up .
Finally , there was Bob .
Bob 's task was another easy one .
The receptionist had a file that lacked an extension .
She even offered some help , saying that she had opened it before in Word .
Bob took over the keyboard , right - clicked on the file , and quietly said to himself " Type of file : file ?
Wha ...? "
Whatever the problem she was experiencing , he had the skills to identify the meta - problem .
" Yeah , this is pretty frustrating for you , is n't it ? "
She nodded in agreement .
" Windows sucks and Microsoft sucks .
You 'd never have this problem if you were on Ubuntu .
In fact ... " he continued on a six - minute spiel about how much better Ubuntu is .
When he finished his lecture , he had her go to the Ubuntu site .
" Go to the downloads section and get Obnoxious Orangutan . "
This is when the interviewer stepped into the room , so he helpfully added , " It should take a while to download , but I 'll come back after my interview to walk you through the installation ! "
There was n't much that any of those four candidates could do during the interview short of walking on water or converting their bodies to pure energy to make up for their Receptionist Tests .
Too bad they did n't bring Lyle in for an interview .
My vegan boyfriend and I went a little bit nuts at our local bookstore yesterday , and picked up a few new cookbooks .
For the record , I ’m not a full - fledge vegan .
I do consume dairy products here and there .
Since I moved out at the age of 19 , I have been buying almond , rice or soy beverages for my breakfast cereal in the a .m .
But that does n’t mean that I have n’t indulged in a fancy cheese from Spain , or creme brulee , or some other fancy sounding food while out on the town with friends .
I am * trying * my best to cut out dairy products as much as possible .
Which brings me to the cookbook issue .
If you ’re a vegan , you really need vegan cookbooks , not just vegetarian ones .
I was doing just fine with my copy of The Enchanted Broccoli Forest and The Essential Vegetarian Cookbook until falling for the vegan dude .
So we got some new literature .
And I ’m psyched to try some of these recipes .
The first book we got is called Vegan with a Vengeance , by Isa Chandra Moskowitz , a Brooklynite with an awesome blog and her own cooking show called ‘ Post Punk Kitchen ’ .
Here is an episode of her show where they make tamales .
I first tried tamales in September at the Santa Monica Farmer ’s Market .
I ’ve been dreaming about them ever since .
[ googlevideo=http://video.google.com/googleplayer.swf?docId=-7015760434820806105]
The next book we bought is called ExtraVeganZa by Laura Matthias , featuring recipes from Phoenix Organic Farm , located not in Phoenix but in Victoria , B.C.
It ’s a bed & breakfast run by the author .
In this book , I was drawn in by the glossy full - colour photographs of dishes like this one :
Sweet Pepper Coconut Corn Chowder
She also has a whole section on pie crusts .
I think it ’s time to try it .
For a flaky pie crust , she uses coconut oil .
Finally , this summer while also browsing at a bookstore , I noticed a new book by Barbara Kingsolver .
I ’ve read a few of her fiction books , but this book was one on locally grown foods and how her family survived for a year by growing and preserving their own food :
Animal , Vegetable , Miracle by Barbara Kingsolver
It ’s a fascinating account that really shows a love for food .
It also instilled in me how much time it would take to live like that .
Her family planted and grew most of their own food , and only purchased a small number of things that they could n’t manage themselves ( like flour for their homemade breads ) .
They also went without food that was out - of - season or not grown locally , like avocados and bananas .
Her argument is that in our modern culture , the next generation ( and my generation included ) does n’t know much about agriculture and farming .
That whole industry is looked down upon , while academic or commercial pursuits are lauded by parents who want their children to become business owners , doctors , lawyers .
But it ’s such an important industry , no ?
People need food to eat , and there are over 6 billion of us .
Does the younger generation know when tomatoes are in season , or when they are n’t and need to be shipped to the grocery store from miles and miles away ?
Okay , there ’s my ‘ food ’ for thought .
I ’m going to make a sandwich .
The NHL is investigating a suspicious spike in votes for Montreal Canadiens players in all - star fan balloting .
Fans choose the starting lineups for the all - star game by voting at NHL.com , and all six Canadiens on the ballot have huge leads in balloting for the Eastern Conference team .
Montreal forwards Saku Koivu , Alex Kovalev and Alex Tanguay lead Washington ’s Alexander Semin and Alex Ovechkin by more than 100,000 votes .
Defencemen Andrei Markov and Mike Komisarek lead Boston 's Zdeno Chara and Washington 's Mike Green by 130,000 votes .
Habs goalie Carey Price has an even bigger lead .
He 's received 137,000 more votes than Henrik Lundquist of the Rangers .
Montreal will host the NHL all - star game in late January .
If the results stay the same , for the first time in NHL history fans will have given all six starting spots to players on one team .
" I do n't want to jump to conclusions at this point .
There is some indication that something has happened , " said NHL spokesman Gary Meaghar .
" I 'm not at a point where I can say definitively that something has taken place . "
All - star voting rules allow fans to vote as many times as they want , but prohibit automated voting .
On Thursday afternoon , a user on a Canadiens fan website urged fans to vote using a program called Greasemonkey .
The program lets users vote over and over again automatically .
The NHL says it is monitoring the voting , but has not decided what will happen to any votes determined to have been cast using automated software programs .
2012-08 -17 New Slackbook , New License
We 're progressing on the new slackbook and have finally settled on a license , the Creative Commons Attribution Share and Share - Alike license .
You can find a copy of it in the COPYING file once you 've pulled our latest git tree .
Additionally , the beta has been updated .
Feel free to browse it and send in any patches .
In order to tide you over a little bit and to solicit feedback on improvements from the community , I 've posted a beta online here .
Please send all comments , criticisms , suggestions , fixes , additions , and the like to me via e-mail .
The book currently does not have an official license , but will likely be CC Non-commercial ( with a commercial exception for Slackware Inc. of course ) .
If you want to take a look at the Docbook source code and send in some patches , you can grab the latest version from git with :
darkstar : ~$ git clone git://slackbook.org/slackbook
First , you need a ball .
A small ball : handball , racquetball or tennis ball .
After you have acquired the ball , go outside and walk around looking for a flat surface with no glass windows .
This is the wall you 're looking for -- a wall with flat ground near it .
A ball and a wall !
That is all you need to play handball .
Next , begin hitting the ball against the wall , letting it bounce once before you strike it again back against the wall you have chosen .
Continue doing this until you find a friend to alternate hitting the ball with .
You are now playing handball -- one - wall handball .
That is it , the most basic way to play handball .
A ball and a wall !
And a friend to add competition .
-- Jake Plummer
Just when you thought anti-marijuana propaganda could n't get any more frivolous and shallow , the drug czar arrives with a new slogan :
" Hey , not trying to be your mom , but there are n’t many jobs out there for potheads .
"
The whole thing is just absurd on its face , released days after a former marijuana user was elected president and weeks after the drug czar ’s own blog observed that 75 % of illicit drug users have jobs
These new ads read like a mockery of typical drug czar propaganda , devoid of facts and premised on the self - evidently false proposition that marijuana use is some kind of physical handicap .
It is just so over - the - top crazy and childish that I must keep reminding myself that it is the nation ’s top drug policy official who is responsible for this .
DIGG THIS
Before the U.S. House of Representatives , November 20 , 2008
Madame Speaker , many Americans are hoping the new administration will solve the economic problems we face .
That ’s not likely to happen , because the economic advisors to the new President have no more understanding of how to get us out of this mess than previous administrations and Congresses understood how the crisis was brought about in the first place .
Except for a rare few , Members of Congress are unaware of Austrian Free Market economics .
For the last 80 years , the legislative , judiciary and executive branches of our government have been totally influenced by Keynesian economics .
If they had had any understanding of the Austrian economic explanation of the business cycle , they would have never permitted the dangerous bubbles that always lead to painful corrections .
Today , a major economic crisis is unfolding .
New government programs are started daily , and future plans are being made for even more .
All are based on the belief that we ’re in this mess because free - market capitalism and sound money failed .
The obsession is with more spending , bailouts of bad investments , more debt , and further dollar debasement .
Many are saying we need an international answer to our problems with the establishment of a world central bank and a single fiat reserve currency .
These suggestions are merely more of the same policies that created our mess and are doomed to fail .
At least 90 % of the cause for the financial crisis can be laid at the doorstep of the Federal Reserve .
It is the manipulation of credit , the money supply , and interest rates that caused the various bubbles to form .
Congress added fuel to the fire by various programs and institutions like the Community Reinvestment Act , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , FDIC , and HUD mandates , which were all backed up by aggressive court rulings .
The Fed has now doled out close to $ 2 trillion in subsidized loans to troubled banks and other financial institutions .
The Federal Reserve and Treasury constantly brag about the need for transparency  and oversight ,  but it ’s all just talk — they want none of it .
They want secrecy while the privileged are rescued at the expense of the middle class .
It is unimaginable that Congress could be so derelict in its duty .
It does nothing but condone the arrogance of the Fed in its refusal to tell us where the $ 2 trillion has gone .
All Members of Congress and all Americans should be outraged that conditions could deteriorate to this degree .
It ’s no wonder that a large and growing number of Americans are now demanding an end to the Fed .
The Federal Reserve created our problem , yet it manages to gain even more power in the socialization of the entire financial system .
The whole bailout process this past year was characterized by no oversight , no limits , no concerns , no understanding , and no common sense .
Similar mistakes were made in the 1930s and ushered in the age of the New Deal , the Fair Deal , the Great Society and the supply - siders who convinced conservatives that deficits did n’t really matter after all , since they were anxious to finance a very expensive deficit - financed American empire .
All the programs since the Depression were meant to prevent recessions and depressions .
Yet all that was done was to plant the seeds of the greatest financial bubble in all history .
Because of this lack of understanding , the stage is now set for massive nationalization of the financial system and quite likely the means of production .
Although it is obvious that the Keynesians were all wrong and interventionism and central economic planning do n’t work , whom are we listening to for advice on getting us out of this mess ?
Unfortunately , it ’s the Keynesians , the socialists , and big - government proponents .
Who ’s being ignored ?
The Austrian free - market economists — the very ones who predicted not only the Great Depression , but the calamity we ’re dealing with today .
If the crisis was predictable and is explainable , why did no one listen ?
It ’s because too many politicians believed that a free lunch was possible and a new economic paradigm had arrived .
But we ’ve heard that one before — like the philosopher ’s stone that could turn lead into gold .
Prosperity without work is a dream of the ages .
Over and above this are those who understand that political power is controlled by those who control the money supply .
Liberals and conservatives , Republicans and Democrats came to believe , as they were taught in our universities , that deficits do n’t matter and that Federal Reserve accommodation by monetizing debt is legitimate and never harmful .
The truth is otherwise .
Central economic planning is always harmful .
Inflating the money supply and purposely devaluing the dollar is always painful and dangerous .
The policies of big - government proponents are running out of steam .
Their policies have failed and will continue to fail .
Merely doing more of what caused the crisis can hardly provide a solution .
The good news is that Austrian economists are gaining more acceptance every day and have a greater chance of influencing our future than they ’ve had for a long time .
The basic problem is that proponents of big government require a central bank in order to surreptitiously pay bills without direct taxation .
Printing needed money delays the payment .
Raising taxes would reveal the true cost of big government , and the people would revolt .
But the piper will be paid , and that ’s what this crisis is all about .
There are limits .
A country cannot forever depend on a central bank to keep the economy afloat and the currency functionable through constant acceleration of money supply growth .
Eventually the laws of economics will overrule the politicians , the bureaucrats and the central bankers .
The system will fail to respond unless the excess debt and mal - investment is liquidated .
If it goes too far and the wild extravagance is not arrested , runaway inflation will result , and an entirely new currency will be required to restore growth and reasonable political stability .
The choice we face is ominous :
We either accept world - wide authoritarian government holding together a flawed system , OR we restore the principles of the Constitution , limit government power , restore commodity money without a Federal Reserve system , reject world government , and promote the cause of peace by protecting liberty equally for all persons .
Freedom is the answer .
See the Ron Paul File
November 22 , 2008
Dr. Ron Paul is a Republican member of Congress from Texas .
Ron Paul Archives
The Best of Ron Paul
This week , to finish the cycle , I 'll give you a pair of `08 - reasons columns about Obama : Today , why he might lose Nov. 4 .
And Thursday , why he 'll win .
Am I hedging ?
No .
I 'm looking at the same polling data everyone else is but saying I can still see Republican John McCain pulling an upset .
Why ?
Then in January of 2007 , just before he officially announced his candidacy , I published `08 reasons why Barack Obama will win the Democratic nomination .
In January 2005 , just after Barack Obama was sworn in as a United States senator from Illinois , I published " ` 08 reasons why Obama will run for president in 2008 .
1. " Bittergate . "
Obama has been remarkably disciplined in his campaign , but his one " oh , no , he did n't ! ? " moment was a doozy -- his unscripted comment in April that " it 's not surprising [ that residents of small - town America ] get bitter , they cling to guns or religion or antipathy toward people who are n't like them . "
2. He 's played too much defense .
Though Obama 's campaign has run bazillions of ads criticizing McCain , they 've stayed away from trying to raise questions about McCain 's character and his judgment — questions the McCain campaign has been raising relentlessly about Obama and that Obama has had to answer .
It 's absurd , for instance , that more ink has been spilled about the judgment Obama showed in the 1990s when working on education reform with former Vietnam - era radical Bill Ayers than about McCain 's judgment in 2002 and 2003 to cheerlead for the invasion of Iraq .
3.He was more dismissive than responsive to festering issues .
4.He left points on the table .
Most of you know about Obama 's sleazy associate Tony Rezko .
But how many of you know about McCain 's sleazy associate Rick Renzi ?
McCain named Renzi , a retiring Republican congressman , a co-chair of his Arizona campaign in January , even though the Wall Street Journal and other publications had reported he was the subject of a federal corruption probe .
Renzi was indicted in February and is facing trial .
Yet the Obama campaign , apparently content to try to sit on this lead , has n't made an issue of him or of McCain 's friendship with convicted Watergate burglar G. Gordon Liddy , who once urged his radio listeners to " go for a head shot " if federal agents came to take their guns away .
5. Biden 's blunder .
Yes , foreign evildoers tend to test new presidents .
But when Obama 's veepmate , Sen .
Joe Biden , blathered on recently about an inevitable crisis in the first months of an Obama administration , it gave McCain a fat opening to highlight security concerns , one of his few winning issues , and play the fear card .
6 . The economy now looks more like a chronic woe than an urgent crisis .
This has allowed McCain to settle into an anti-tax , anti-spend , anti-liberal campaign groove that often works for Republicans .
7. Smoke .
I 've never seen a candidate subject to as many nutty rumors and guilt - by - association smears as those about Obama that land in my in - box every day .
If enough voters decide in the end that there must be fire somewhere in all that noxious smoke , Obama 's apparent lead will vanish .
8. He 's African - American .
Let 's be honest .
In this rotten year for the Republican brand , if a white Democrat were sitting in the polls where Obama now sits , this " how he might lose " talk would be absurd .
It 's not .
But it is misleading .
Join me Thursday and I 'll tell you the 08 reasons why he 'll win anyway .
UPDATE : Here 's that list .
Plans to raise the top rate of income tax for high earners from 40 p to 45 p in the pound will be announced today as Gordon Brown makes a decisive break with the policies of the Blair era .
In his crucial mini-Budget , the Chancellor Alistair Darling will say that the higher rate would be introduced after the next general election – so as not to break Labour 's manifesto pledges since 1997 not to raise income tax rates .
The proposed new top rate is expected to apply on incomes above £ 150,000 .
Mr Darling will that " fair " tax increases will be needed to bring the public finances back into balance in the medium term .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
He will disclose that government borrowing will rocket to almost £ 200bn over the next two years to fund an £ 18bn " fiscal stimulus " – including tax cuts – designed to ensure a " short and shallow " recession .
The Chancellor will predict that public borrowing will soar to £ 76bn in the financial year as the Government 's revenues plummet , and then increase to a record £ 118 bn next year as the recession bites .
The worse - than - expected figures dwarf his forecasts in the Budget in March , which were £ 43bn for the current year and £ 38bn for 2009 - 10 .
A temporary reduction in VAT , from 17.5 per cent to 15 per cent , will take immediate effect in the hope of boosting consumer spending during this Christmas period .
It is expected to last until March 2010 .
But some Labour MPs are worried about using £ 15bn of the stimulus to cut VAT because items such as food , public transport and children 's clothes are already exempt .
People who buy goods such as televisions and adults ' clothes would benefit .
Mr Darling will pledge to bring borrowing under control in the medium term through a combination of tax rises , sales of government assets , cutting Whitehall waste and a small slowdown in the planned growth in public spending .
Ministers admitted there would be " pain as well as gain " .
The Chancellor will forecast that the economy will contract by more than 1 per cent in 2009 but would bounce back sharply in 2010 .
Mr Darling will target cuts in personal taxation at people on low incomes , including those who lost out from the abolition of the 10 p tax rate .
He is also expected to help pensioners and motorists .
Some Labour MPs pointed to how huge high street sales last week on VAT - rated items had failed to bring in shoppers , and they fear that a reduction in VAT will have little impact .
John McDonnell , who chairs the left - wing Campaign Group of MPs , said : " VAT can form an element of the plan , but it must not be the central element .
What we should be doing is targeting measures at the very poorest , who need the help the most .
That should mean injecting cash into the economy by helping pensioners , those on benefits and taking people with very poorly paid jobs out of the tax system . "
Other Labour backbenchers argue that in times of financial difficulty , shoppers are quick to begin saving money by shopping around and targeting sales , which pushes down costs .
" Lowering VAT is not the most sensible way of doing this , " said Paul Flynn , the MP for Newport West .
" There is going to be plenty of scope for savings provided by shops over the coming months . "
Inside Politics newsletter
The latest news on Brexit , politics and beyond direct to your inbox Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive updates on politics every morning by email Update newsletter preferences
David Cameron , the Tory leader , was " highly sceptical " about the VAT cut .
" The Government is giving with the one hand and is going to take away with the other hand , " he said , " and VAT will soon go back up again and other taxes probably up by more . "
Vince Cable , the Liberal Democrats '
Treasury spokesman , said : " What we really need is permanent , fully funded tax cuts targeted at those on low and average incomes , through reductions in income tax , rather than giving a temporary VAT cut , which will primarily reward the big spenders who have loads of money . "
Ministers will argue that the VAT cut will help all households and that poorer families are more likely to spend the money returned to them in tax cuts than the better off .
They will cite support for the move from Kenneth Clarke , the former Conservative chancellor .
Mr Darling will also unveil a " green industry " .
He plans to reduce household energy bills for a further 60,000 low - income homes through loft insulation and better heating systems ; the delivery of 200 trains to be speeded up ; and the rail network 's capacity to be expanded .
The Chancellor is to expand by £ 1bn a scheme to underwrite loans of between £ 1,000 and £ 1 m to small firms , with the risk shared by the Government and banks .
A new payment support service will allow small companies to delay tax payments to HM Revenue & Customs .
A three - month grace period for people in trouble with mortgage payments is expected to limit the number of home repossessions .
Gordon Brown denied that the package was a gamble and will argue today that to not act now would be " a failure of economic policy " and " a failure of leadership " .
The Prime Minister will tell the CBI 's annual conference in London that " in previous recessions a failure to take action at the start of the downturn has increased the length and depth of the recession ...
Doing ' too little too late ' would mean more damage , more deterioration – a weaker economy , lower growth , eventually greater fiscal problems and in the event , higher interest rates and higher taxes . "
Happy Anniversary to Calvin and Hobbes !
It was November 18 , 1985 ( I know , I 'm a day late ) , that the precocious little boy and his sage stuffed tiger / real tiger first hit comic pages across America .
So , I thought I 'd hit you guys with a little C&H trivia ...
I know , it 's not nearly enough to fill the void Bill Watterson has left us , but it 's a little something .
Bill Watterson
Ever since he retired from Calvin and Hobbes , Watterson has been painting and “ studying music ” .
He ’s notoriously private and apparently has n’t changed his lifestyle much .
Up until fairly recently , he still lived in his hometown of Chagrin Falls , Ohio .
Now he lives in Cleveland , not too far away .
He does n’t do pictures or autographs , not for anyone , although he used to sign copies of his books and slip them into a little family - owned bookstore in Chagrin Falls .
He found out that people were eBaying them instead of tucking them away in their own private collections , though , and stopped that practice .
Calvin ’s Older Brother ?
Originally , Calvin and Hobbes were supposed to be minor characters in the strip Watterson was trying to syndicate .
They were both the same as they are now – a little kid and his tiger – but were supposed to be only occasional characters .
When he sent that strip to United Features , they suggested that he rework the whole thing to center around Calvin and Hobbes .
So Watterson did .
And United Features rejected the strip anyway .
It was eventually snatched up by Universal Press Syndicate instead .
Licensing
You know those decals you see on trucks sometimes that have Calvin taking a whiz on the Chevy logo ( or the Ford logo , or the BMW logo , or whatever ) ?
So not legal .
Actually , almost anything you see with Calvin and Hobbes on it is copyright infringement .
Here is the complete list of things Bill Watterson has approved for mass production :
Books
Two calendars ( 1988 - 1989 and 1989 - 1990 )
A textbook called Teaching with Calvin and Hobbes
One t- shirt for a traveling art exhibit
Watterson issued a cease - and - desist .
Some of the makers complied and substituted a different ( but similar ) boy for Calvin , some replaced him with a female Calvin , and some just ignored him altogther .
“ I clearly miscalculated how popular it would be to show Calvin urinating on a Ford logo , ” Watterson once said .
Go here for a rather comprehensive site of all of the fake Calvin logos .
It ’s pretty impressive .
Namesakes
You can probably figure out where Calvin and Hobbes come from ( I ’ll go over that in a second ) but lots of the other characters are inspired by real - life people too – or not - so - real - life people .
Calvin , of course , is named after John Calvin , the 16th century theologian who was a huge proponent of predestination .
We do n’t know Calvin ’s last name .
Watterson has said that people often assume that Calvin is based on his own childhood , but he disputes this fact and says that he was actually a very quiet , obedient kid .
Hobbes is named after Thomas Hobbes , who said that the natural state of humans was to be at war .
Watterson has said that he feels Thomas Hobbes had a “ dim view ” of people .
Hobbes ’ feline characteristics were based on Watterson ’s cat , Sprite .
Miss Wormwood got her name courtesy of C.S. Lewis’ The Screwtape Letters .
In the C.S. Lewis tale , Wormwood is the nephew of an experienced demon and is being advised by his uncle on how to damn men to Hell .
Susie Derkins received her distinctive last name because “ Derkins ” was the nickname of Watterson ’s wife ’s family ’s beagle .
Editor 's note : CNN.com has a business partnership with CareerBuilder.com , which serves as the exclusive provider of job listings and services to CNN.com .
" A child 's position in the family impacts his personality , his behavior , his learning , " expert says .
Ah , sibling rivalry .
Relentless competitions , name - calling , hair pulling and blame shifting plague households with two or more children everywhere .
Ca n't we all just get along ?
Well , sure , sometimes .
But the reality is that all siblings are n't created equal and they do n't get treated as such .
Firstborns , for example , often get shafted because parents are stricter with them , while later - born kids might have fewer rules .
Everyone knows that the youngest seems to get away with murder because parents have seen it all before .
And where 's the middle child in all of this ?
Forgotten or overlooked .
Depending on birth position , there are special roles within families , leading to different adaptation patterns and different personalities , says Ben Dattner , a New York City - based organizational psychologist .
As a result of a stricter upbringing , for example , firstborn children tend to be more extroverted and confident , while second - born kids are more rebellious and open to new experiences , he says .
The youngest child is usually the most creative and can be manipulative to get his or her way .
Clearly , birth order affects personality , but what about career advancement and success ?
Several studies show that firstborns and only children usually reach higher educational goals , obtain greater prestige and acquire more net worth , while the middle child is likely to struggle a bit more .
" A child 's position in the family impacts his personality , his behavior , his learning and ultimately , his earning power , " says Michael Grose , author of " Why Firstborns Rule the World and Last Borns Want to Change It . "
" Most people have an intuitive knowledge that birth order somehow has an impact on development , but they underestimate how far - reaching and just how significant that impact is . "
Here 's a look at the effect birth order may have on you :
Firstborn
Personality : Firstborns are ambitious , assertive , dominant and disciplined compared to their younger siblings .
They 're determined to succeed yet fearful of losing position and rank , and are defensive about errors and mistakes , Dattner says .
Compensation : A recent survey by CareerBuilder.com found that workers who were the firstborn child in their families were more likely to earn $ 100,000 or more annually compared to their siblings .
Professions :
The oldest tend to pursue vocations that require higher education , like medicine , engineering or law .
Firstborns from the CareerBuilder.com survey reported working in jobs in government , engineering , pharmacy and science .
Ohio State University researchers found firstborn children were more likely to pursue " intellectual " jobs .
Job level : Workers who are firstborn are more likely to report holding a vice president or senior management position , according to the survey .
Famous firstborns : Oprah , Hillary Clinton , Winston Churchill , Sylvester Stallone and Bill Clinton .
Middle
Personality : Middle children are good at negotiation , peacemaking and compromise , Dattner says .
They are easy - going , diplomatic and are usually closer to friends than family .
Compensation : More middle children identified themselves as earning $ 35,000 or less per year than firstborn or youngest children , according to the CareerBuilder.com survey .
Professions : Middles tend to have excellent negotiating and people skills -- anything that employs these skills is a great fit .
Middle children from the CareerBuilder.com survey said they work in nursing , law enforcement , firefighting and machine operation .
Job level : Middle children were more likely to identify with professional and technical staff level positions in the CareerBuilder.com survey .
They also reported being the most satisfied with their current positions .
Famous middles : David Letterman , Richard Nixon , Madonna and Princess Diana .
Youngest
Personality : Youngest children love the limelight and are used to sitting in it .
They are charming , creative , have a good sense of humor and manipulate others when they want to get their way .
Compensation : Last borns were the least likely to report earning six figures , according to the CareerBuilder.com survey .
Professions : Youngest children often gravitate toward artistic and outdoor jobs , according to the OSU survey .
They 're also successful in journalism , advertising , sales and athletics .
Those who responded to the CareerBuilder.com survey reported working in art , design , sales and information technology .
Job level :
The majority of last borns in the CareerBuilder.com survey held administrative and clerical level positions .
They also reported being the least satisfied in their current jobs .
Famous younglings : Jim Carrey , Billy Crystal , Steve Martin , Cameron Diaz and Rosie O'Donnell .
Only children
Personality : Only children are similar to firstborns in that they are motivated to conform to parental expectations , Dattner says .
They are also achievement - oriented , successful in school and have problems delegating work .
Research shows they are more confident , articulate and imaginative than other children .
They also hate criticism and tend to be perfectionists .
Famous only children : Jack Welch , Tiger Woods , Alan Greenspan and Maria Sharapova .
Twins
Personality : Because of their equal status in terms of age and genes , twins are usually treated the same and turn out similarly .
They tend to have different personalities and interests , but are closer to each other than other siblings and tend to have less conflict with each other than other siblings , Dattner says .
Famous twins : Abigail and Esther Friedman ( " Dear Abby " and " Ann Landers " ) ; Mary - Kate and Ashley Olsen ; Joel and Benji Madden ; and Jenna and Barbara Bush .
Copyright CareerBuilder.com 2009 .
All rights reserved .
The information contained in this article may not be published , broadcast or otherwise distributed without the prior written authority
All About Jobs and Labor
Congratulations to Paul Krugman on his Nobel .
Here is a primer on one of Krugman ’s key contributions , New Trade Theory .
Tyler has more links below .
Ricardo showed that every country ( and every person ) has a comparative advantage , a good or service that they can produce at a lower ( opportunity ) cost than any other country ( or person ) .
As a result , production is maximized when each country specializes in the good or service that they produce at lowest cost , that is in the good in which they have a comparative advantage .
Since specialization in comparative advantage maximizes production , trade can make every country better off .
But what determines comparative advantage ?
In Ricardo it is the natural products of the soil , Portugal is good at producing wine and so England has a comparative advantage in cloth .
Heckscher , Ohlin and Samuelson among others extended the model to show how factor proportions can determine comparative advantage – countries with a lot of labor relative to capital , for example , will tend to have a comparative advantage in labor intensive goods production .
Notice , however , that in the Ricardian model and its extensions the determinants of comparative advantage like geography and factor proportions lie outside of the model .
New Trade
Theory of which Paul Krugman can be said to be the founder , brings the determinants of comparative advantage into the model .
Consider the simplest model ( based on Krugman 1979 ) .
In this model there are two countries .
In each country , consumers have a preference for variety but there is a tradeoff between variety and cost , consumers want variety but since there are economies of scale – a firm ’s unit costs fall as it produces more – more variety means higher prices .
Preferences for variety push in the direction of more variety , economies of scale push in the direction of less .
So suppose that without trade country 1 produces varieties A , B , C and country two produces varieties X , Y , Z .
In every other respect the countries are identical so there are no traditional comparative advantage reasons for trade .
Nevertheless , if trade is possible it is welfare enhancing .
With trade the scale of production can increase which reduces costs and prices .
Notice , however , that something interesting happens .
The number of world varieties will decrease even as the number of varieties available to each consumer increases .
That is , with trade production will concentrate in say A , B , X , Y so each consumer has increased choice even as world variety declines .
Increasing variety for individuals even as world variety declines is a fundamental fact of globalization .
In the context of culture , Tyler explains this very well in his book , Creative Destruction ; when people in Beijing can eat at McDonald ’s and people in American can eat at great Chinese restaurants the world looks increasingly similar even as each world resident experiences an increase in variety .
Thus , Krugman ( 1979 ) can be thought of as providing another reason why trade can be beneficial and a fundamental insight into globalization .
Moreover , Krugman ( 1979 ) began the task of bringing the reasons for comparative advantage within the model .
In that paper , Krugman also hypothesizes briefly about what happens when we allow migration within the model .
Recall , that in Heckscher - Ohlin - Samuelson factor proportions explain trade patterns but are themselves determined outside of the model .
When people and capital can move , however , factor proportions are themselves something to be explained .
Krugman ( 1991 ) ( JSTOR and here ) brings increasing returns together with capital and labor migration and transport costs into one model .
Krugman ’s ( 1991 ) model has become a workhorse of economic geography and international trade .
The model is too complex to explain here but the reasons for that complexity are clear to see – when everything becomes " endogenous " small initial differences can make for big effects .
To minimize transport costs , for example , firms want to locate near consumers but consumers want to locate near work !
Thus , there are multiple equilibria and at a tipping point the location decisions of a single firm or consumer can snowball into big effects .
So Krugman has been a leader in introducing tipping points , network effects and thus the importance of history into international trade as well as into economics more generally .
We asked .
Our gentle readers answered .
In A List Apart # 263 we inquired how you walk the blurry line when you work from home .
Here are your secrets — how to balance work and family , maintain energy and focus , get things done , and above all , how to remember the love .
Article Continues Below
Balancing work and family #section2
Keep the peanut butter out of your keyboard and nosy relatives out of your office .
Hire your mom#section3
I ’ve “ hired ” my retired mom to watch my two ‐year ‐old for me in the morning two days a week .
Normally , I would feel strangely about paying my mom to watch her grandchild .
But this is not for a casual grandma - and - grandson day .
I ’ve asked her to come specifically at 8:30 a.m. on certain days .
That way , I always have at least two full work days a week I know I can rely on .
Putting “ restrictions ” on her time makes me feel more like I ’ve hired a sitter .
The small fee removes any kind of “ I ’m taking advantage of my mom ” feelings that I may have .
It puts a little extra mad money in her pocket each week , and my son gets guaranteed grandma time .
Everybody wins .
– Lynda Stewart
Go with the flow #section4
I balance my web design and consultancy business with being mum to a wacky toddler in an incredibly cramped two - bedroom flat , which we ca n’t afford to move out of .
Our living room is also my office , my toddler ’s playroom , and the dining room — so I do more of a balancing act than most .
I tend to do planning and meetings during the day .
My daughter goes down for a long nap after lunch so I ’m usually able to plan the day out in advance between time with her and time for clients .
I use the Printable CEO and BT Workspace to keep me structured .
If my toddler is having a bad day — or if I am having a bad day — I know now to write the workday off and not feel guilty about it .
We also work by the weather ( which is a must in Scotland ) .
If it is sunny and hot on a Thursday with a forecast for a monsoon on Saturday , I will take Thursday as my “ day off ” and work through Saturday .
– Heather Burns
Do not disturb — this means you #section5
I work out of my basement .
My kids all understand that “ Daddy is busy working ” and they only interrupt me for emergencies .
Other adults and visiting family members are a different story .
They come into my office and start talking to me when I ’m clearly wearing my headset — no matter how many fingers I hold up ( or which ones ) .
It ’s funny that my kids know what ’s going on while adults do n’t get it , but that ’s the trick : get everyone you live with on board with your work - from - home plan .
Otherwise , you ’re doomed .
– Brian Alvey
Angela ’s rules for success#section6
Work out at the gym at least three days a week .
Eat healthy .
Remember to recharge the spirit — have a moment of silence and prayer to empower the day .
Hug hubby , kids , and cats whenever the opportunity presents itself even if it means breaking the train of thought .
Breathe — especially when situations present opportunities to get stressed .
If you do n’t know , ask someone .
“ Ask and you shall receive . ”
Give yourself a break .
If you get frustrated , change your environment .
Go for a two minute walk to clear your mind .
Plan when you can .
Do what you can before you have to even if it is a small action list for a project .
Praise yourself for not procrastinating until the very last minute .
Make time to spend with those who care about you ( once a week at the very least ) .
Be flexible .
Some days may be conducive to rules and other days may not .
– Angela Vangalis
Make pancakes #section7
We make breakfast time a special time to connect .
Sometimes we ’ll make pancakes together .
( They ’re faster than you think . )
We always talk about what we ’re going to be doing that day .
After breakfast , we have some special together time .
We ’ll read together or play a game .
After , I work on things that take less focus while the kids are playing ( email , paperwork , filing , etc. ) .
I work on things that take more focus while the kids are asleep ( phone calls , creative work , concept building , etc. ) .
I have a “ turn off computer ” time every day .
It may not be the same time every day , but after I say I ’m done for the day , I am DONE .
I do n’t do anything on the computer , even fun stuff .
– Sarah Bray
Set boundaries #section8
I telecommute several times per month , depending on the season and needs at the office .
My parents live with me and require some support — a situation offering its own challenges to staying focused when working from home .
I use telecommuting with flextime to schedule appointments that need to be addressed at home .
I keep a daily journal and spreadsheet of time accrued .
My goal is to maintain a 40 - hour week .
If I ’ve had an interruption or other task that has taken a part of my work day , I know how much remaining time to schedule for that evening or the next day .
As a team , my coworkers and I are accountable to each other for daily progress .
We hold a short team meeting each morning .
When telecommuting , I email a daily summary to the group .
I ’ve found when you have peers to report to , you ’ll stay focused on your assignments — wherever you ’re working .
– Stephanie Marcum
Keep communication lines open and your guard up #section9
Show your clients that you ’re there by staying available on IM , updating Twitter , and promptly answering emails .
You do n’t want your clients to stereotype you for working at home .
It may cost you your next gig .
Make sure your clients know your business hours too .
Do n’t take phone calls from clients after hours — it ’s offensive to your family and it sends a bad message to your client — that you ’re a pushover .
– Justin Carroll
Dress for success#section10
The successful web worker knows what not to wear : pajama pants and fuzzy slippers are out .
Dress for the office , even at home # section11
Several years ago , my buddy got laid off from his highly corporate marketing job , and launched his own PR firm from home .
Every morning he ’d wake up , shower , shave , put on a suit and tie , and march down the steps into the basement .
My friend said getting dressed for work not only put him in the right frame of mind , ( he ’d always worn a suit to the office ) it signaled to his wife and kids that he was at work and not available to run a quick errand or mow the lawn .
– Stephen Petit
Wear shoes # section12
When I start to work , I put on the specific pair of shoes I would wear if I was walking to the office and working there all day .
This simple trick just triggers my mind into “ office mode . ”
– Ian McFarlan
Apply technology # section13
The tools , applications , and services you love , and new ways to use them .
Create a new IM account # section14
Keep work and friends in different pockets .
AIM will ruin your life if you let it .
I really like to chat and have constant casual company while I work .
If you want to be productive , create a new IM account and only add people who are doing the same thing as you are while working .
– Brad Johnson
On The Job highly recommended # section15
A great piece of software that I use for time tracking is called On The Job .
It ’s Mac-only .
It is beautifully conceived and easy to use .
All I have to do is add a new task under a project , start the timer , and when I ’m done it will calculate charge backs based on my personal rate .
It also exports invoices .
Great tool — highly recommend it !
– Ben Reed
Grand Central da bomb#section16
Use Grand Central .
Grand Central is an application that masks several phone numbers as one .
You input all your phone numbers and label them “ home , ” “ mobile , ” “ work , ” etc .
The application gives you one phone number , local to your area code , that you can hand out .
It ’s fantastic for having one phone number and being on the road , at home , at my external office , at the coffee shop , etc .
– Eric Muntz
Use multiple computers #section17
Use multiple computers to separate different job functions .
I use a MacBook Air only for websurfy , newsready , and emaily - type things , first thing in the morning and at intervals throughout the day , so that I ’m not obsessively checking for new mail .
I have an iMac for design and web work , and an old G4 tower dedicated solely to driving a large inkjet printer .
– Lee Shiney
I use RememberTheMilk.com and its Gmail plug - in for time - sensitive scheduling .
This includes meetings , deadlines , and future plans .
I can see deadlines and work on the closest ones first .
The Remember The Milk plug - in for Gmail allows me to see things such as my grocery list , and my appointments for tomorrow and the next day .
I can also create them from Gmail .
The interface is very easy to use and there ’s a very satisfying “ Finish ” button for when things are done .
– Jessica Sprague
Get your GTD freak on with GTD Inbox#section19
I ’ve found a free Getting Things Done plugin for Firefox / Gmail which is totally worth a look for those into David Allen ’s Getting Things Done philosophy .
I love filing emails into their respective projects and I ’ve adopted an “ empty inbox ” policy , which is SO nice .
– Jessica Sprague
Takin ’ care of business # section20
Get paid .
Run your business like a law firm .
I use FreshBooks and Backpack .
I run a journal on my daily activities .
I schedule what I am working on and when I am working on it .
I bill for everything ( phone calls , meetings , sketching ideas ) .
I also know how many hours I need to meet my financial goals each month , each week , each day .
– Jesse Korzan
OmniFocus your to - do list # section21
Keep a daily to - do list .
I love OmniFocus .
Each night before I go to bed , I write out a to - do list for the next day .
Once that list is done , I walk away .
The benefit is two - fold .
Firstly , having a list of things to keep myself busy each day helps to minimize distractions and keeps me on track .
Secondly , it helps me to have the list so I can feel good about walking away eventually .
If I did not schedule an “ ending ” to the day , since I work at home , I might just never stop working .
It keeps things in check , and priorities straight .
– Nick Francis
Skype is the best thing that ever happened to our collective of contractors .
Skype video conferencing makes working with designers in Berlin and developers in Montreal seamless — all from Washington DC .
Skype - to - go and the Philips Skype Phone allow me to make close - to - free calls without a flipping computer .
– David F. Choy
Earth Class Mail#section23
Get an address .
You certainly do n’t want customers showing up at your home to bother you , so getting an address is critical .
A P.O. box may work , but there are some new options .
Earth Class Mail is a great one .
It gives you a physical address and puts all your mail online .
You do n’t even have to make a trip to the post office !
– Jonathan Stanley
Maintaining focus#section24
Inspire yourself .
Use visual stimuli#section25
Organize the files on your desktop and put a beautiful picture there that focuses you — something that has meaning and motivates you .
I used to use an old picture of Steve Jobs sitting on his empty apartment floor , when he had nearly nothing , to remind me that even the captain of the ship used to kick it in a paddle boat .
– Brad Johnson
Getting Things Done#section26
Organize your time and space to silence seductive sirens .
Prove your worth with progress .
Chunk work time # section27
Work in chunks of time — about one - and - a - half hours works best for me .
Then I do something else for 15 - 30 minutes .
This helps concentration and posture , which I find is always much worse at home than at work .
My house is always cleaner when I work from home , as the 15 - 30 minute gaps are good for putting in washing , hanging it out , cleaning the cooker , hoovering , etc .
– Helen Sargan
Do n’t throw out your alarm#section28
Get up at the same time everyday , like the rest of the world .
It creates discipline .
But bend this rule to feel more alive .
Had enough routine lately ?
Wake up late and work late .
Just do n’t make a habit out of it — it ruins the fun of doing it .
There ’s nothing like getting lost in Photoshop at 12 a.m. to some tripped - out beats .
– Justin Carroll
Demonstrate progress#section29
My employer and I have a deal worked out .
When I work from home , I have a set agenda each day .
I send visible progress reports each hour — or at whatever time increments we decide on .
I send links to pages I am updating , image files I am working on — anything that shows what I have been doing .
Each of us in my office communicates via instant messaging so even though I am not in sight — I remain a click away .
Knowing that I am still being somewhat supervised keeps me on my toes — but still gives me the freedom and flexibility to do what I want .
– Brittany Moon - Miller
Tackle tough jobs in the morning # section30
Do the hardest work in the morning , and the easy jobs in the afternoon .
– Carsten Engel
Avoid the seductive siren#section31
It took a while , but I eventually convinced my old - school boss to let me work from home for a couple days every week .
Virtual Private Network ( VPN ) and call forwarding are the only tools I need .
With VPN , I have access to all the applications and services available on my work computer .
But to really get my work done , I find that it ’s important to move my desk away from the window and face a wall — a corner if possible .
If there is one thing I ’ve learned it ’s that windows are the seductive sirens of daydreaming .
Look away !
– John Kulunk
Use tunnel vision to your advantage # section32
I tend to save my most focused work for nighttime or very early in the morning when it is dark out or still mostly dark .
It gives me sort of a tunnel vision where all I can literally see is my computer or paperwork .
– Kelley Mitchell
Use the view to your advantage # section33
Speaking of basements , make sure your workspace has a window and that you have few meters of space in front of your desk .
This way , you can view objects further away while doing the critical thinking part of the job .
– Pirkka Hartikainen
Consider alternate locations #section34
I ’m a full - time senior software engineer in the U.K .
I work from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. ( That ’s 7 a.m. to 5 p.m. if you include commuting ! )
I also freelance as a website designer and developer for small companies .
I end up doing most of my freelance work on the train to and from work with my trusty tablet PC .
I invested in a pair of Bose QC3 headphones , which actively cancel out exterior noise .
This means I can not only happily listen to music , but block out the sound of the train ( and other passengers ) .
– Andrew Brigham
Get creative ( with ) space # section35
When our first son was born , it became clear that it would be difficult to continue working from home in our small , three - bedroom house .
After debating the merits of moving or remodeling , we decided to build a separate office in the dead space behind our garage .
I had a pre-fabricated , 8×15 ft. shed delivered and installed a few weeks later .
After finishing the inside , I had the ultimate home office .
– Brian DeHamer
Chocolate carrots are good # section36
If I ’m working on something I do n’t love , I really have to MAKE myself work on that first .
I get the big , bad thing out of the way first — even to the point of bribing myself with chocolate or an iTunes download .
I can be bought .
– Jessica Sprague
Do n’t be ruled by the clock # section37
Make your clients work within business hours — but make sure you do not !
Do n’t stop programming because you heard the lunch bell .
Be task orientated .
Break up your programming …“ once I finish building this object then I get lunch . ”
Be pragmatic .
Some things come with inspiration ; others come with a train of thought .
Do n’t stop the train or cut off inspiration because it is the right time for lunch .
– Aaron Martin
Get a cleaning lady # section38
The most important thing about working from home : saying “ yes ” to one thing , means saying “ no ” to another .
Both my wife and I freelance outside of our university jobs .
At some point we lost Sunday afternoons in the park and doing laundry and scrubbing the toilets .
So the deal was this : if we said “ yes ” to both of us freelancing , we had to say “ no ” to either toilets or the park .
The choice was obvious , and Craigslist provided a great person .
– Charlie Triplett
Maintaining energy#section39
Keep your professional network and your body healthy .
Remember the love to keep your creative chi flowing .
Abandon the rules # section40
We ’ve done this for years — five now to be exact .
How does it all work ?
We ask ourselves this all the time .
After a lot of thought , here ’s what we figure : it works for us precisely because we have no boundaries .
We think our work is , for the most part , fun .
We like what we do .
Because of that , we do n’t tend to think of it as “ work . ”
If we tried to structure ourselves , even a little bit , it would rapidly devolve into “ work ” and it would n’t be fun so we ’d do less of it , and make less money .
What this means , is that often , in the middle of the “ workday , ” we feed the chickens , see a movie , or go sit in the tree house .
Clearly , this is why we ’re not rich .
But , when the DEADLINE looms , we work all night ( well , not really , but close ) because we can and because we seem to thrive on the adrenaline .
– Claudia Dunitz
Get out of the ( home ) office #section41
I leave my home office for most coffee and lunch breaks — even if it ’s just to go upstairs to have lunch .
Getting out of the office keeps me fresh , and reinforces the boundary between work and home .
Meet clients outside the office .
I find it more rejuvenating to meet them at their workplace , where there are other people hard at work .
It keeps me in the work mindset , and allows me to be visible to my clients as a professional , and not just “ some guy who works from home . ”
– Alan Bucknam
Do lunch #section42
Even though I work from home more than 70 % of the time , it ’s not a prison sentence .
Take anyone , who may ( someday ) lead you to additional work or opportunities , out to lunch .
I keep a list of all of my contacts .
I work that list top to bottom , meeting with at least two people every week .
When I reach the end , I start over again at the top of the list .
– Scott Kersey
Make connections #section43
Start or join an “ office of freelancers ” — you can rent desk space / internet monthly and sit in a cool apartment building / loft space with other freelancers .
Go to as many social networking events as you can , or start you own .
I began an event called “ SNIBL ” in Boston — “ Social Networking is Better Live , ” to bring together former colleagues / designers and discuss what ’s happening in the field .
– Brian O’Neill
Get some exercise # section44
Find some evening activities — gym , classes , whatever .
It ’s too easy to turn into a mushroom when working from home .
I ’m lucky because we have a post box that I can check every day .
Even if I ’m not expecting mail , the five km bike ride there and back makes for a good ( and reasonable ) mid-day break .
– Sean Kimball
Manage your energy cycle#section45
I take advantage of my natural energy cycles .
In a creative job , it ’s more important to manage your energy than your time .
Everyone has different fluctuations and certain times when they ’re most energetic , creative , and productive .
If you combine working at peak energy times with all the other tips you mentioned to get a distraction - free environment , you really can get more done while working fewer hours .
– Stephen Fung
I like to have a one simple household chore going while I am home .
It helps to stand up and move around .
The best one for me is doing laundry .
This way I am forced to stand up and get the blood circulating about every 30 to 40 minutes .
– Erskine Harris
Remember the love # section47
To keep the energy high and the work flowing for me , I try to remember that I have a great passion for the work I do .
It ’s the love that motivates , man .
The love .
So sometimes I need to go look at the work of the people I teach , or review past successes , or to read some inspiring and motivational words to get the juices flowing again .
– Jessica Sprague
Home Search Search
“ Libertarians ”
For the record , I shall repeat what I have said many times before : I do not join or endorse any political group or movement .
More specifically , I disapprove of , disagree with , and have no connection with , the latest aberration of some conservatives , the so - called “ hippies of the right , ” who attempt to snare the younger or more careless ones of my readers by claiming simultanteously to be followers of my philosophy and advocates of anarchism .
Anyone offering such a combination confesses his inability to understand either .
Anarchism is the most irrational , anti-intellectual notion ever spun by the concrete - bound , context - dropping , whim - worshiping fringe of the collectivist movement , where it properly belongs .
“ Brief Summary , ”
The Objectivist , Sept. 1971 , 1
Above all , do not join the wrong ideological groups or movements , in order to “ do something . ”
By “ ideological ” ( in this context ) , I mean groups or movements proclaiming some vaguely generalized , undefined ( and , usually , contradictory ) political goals .
( E.g. , the Conservative Party , which subordinates reason to faith , and substitutes theocracy for capitalism ; or the “ libertarian ” hippies , who subordinate reason to whims , and substitute anarchism for capitalism . )
To join such groups means to reverse the philosophical hierarchy and to sell out fundamental principles for the sake of some superficial political action which is bound to fail .
It means that you help the defeat of your ideas and the victory of your enemies .
( For a discussion of the reasons , see “ The Anatomy of Compromise ” in my book Capitalism : The Unknown Ideal . )
“ What Can One Do ? ”
Philosophy : Who Needs
It , 202
The “ libertarians ” . . . plagiarize Ayn Rand ’s principle that no man may initiate the use of physical force , and treat it as a mystically revealed , out - of - context absolute . . . .
In the philosophical battle for a free society , the one crucial connection to be upheld is that between capitalism and reason .
The religious conservatives are seeking to tie capitalism to mysticism ; the “ libertarians ” are tying capitalism to the whim - worshipping subjectivism and chaos of anarchy .
To cooperate with either group is to betray capitalism , reason , and one ’s own future .
Harry Binswanger , “ Q & A Department : Anarchism , ”
The Objectivist Forum , Aug. 1981 , 12
And once again , we come to the end of our Saturday through Sunday time together .
Thank you for another lovely weekend !
Advertisement
Image via Cute Overload .
wikiHow is a “ wiki , ” similar to Wikipedia , which means that many of our articles are co-written by multiple authors .
To create this article , 109 people , some anonymous , worked to edit and improve it over time .
This article has been viewed 4,185,222 times .
X
To use you 're and your correctly , remember that you 're is short for " you are , " and your is used to show ownership , like in " your house . "
If you do n't know which one to use , try writing " you are " instead .
If the sentence still makes sense , use you 're .
If the sentence does n't make sense , use your .
To learn more tricks for using you 're and your correctly , like coming up with a mnemonic to help you remember , keep reading !
On the streets of Kamathipura young women stand ready and available , looking to lure their next customer .
They pose , they smile , some wave .
They look terribly young , their faces heavy with make - up .
Many are dressed in Western clothes , others in traditional saris .
In this red light district of Mumbai , they stand on the kerbside in front of grimy shacks containing the beds on which they do their work .
There is the hustle and chaos of the traffic , the clogged roads , the constant noise .
And there is terrible sadness too .
" I was tricked here .
I was in love with a man and I came here with him .
But when I got here , he sold me , " says Simla , a 42 - year - old prostitute , originally from Nepal .
She has two children and she saves what little she earns to send them to school , desperate that they do not follow her into the sex industry .
" I was fooled into this .
I will not allow my children to do it . "
Sex costs little on the frenetic streets of India 's business capital , where people come and go all the time .
New arrivals wash up from India 's poor rural hinterland , desperate for work , any sort of work .
Men – who are used to a repressed , conservative culture – come and stand and stare .
There is a near - constant flow .
A young woman might be able to charge a customer 100 rupees ( £ 1.30 ) a time , but an older woman might only get 30 rupees ( 40 pence ) .
When a woman demands that a customer use a condom , the price is usually lowered as a result .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
These women and their customers are at the forefront of India 's Aids crisis .
The country has up to three million people living with HIV , the third - highest total in the world .
Experts say that the most important danger in the spread of HIV comes from the relatively high numbers of men who go to sex workers , who do not use condoms and whose jobs involve them travelling .
As a result , both sex workers and India 's legions of horn - blaring truck drivers are among the groups most persistently targeted by health workers and educators trying to push the message of safe sex .
" You can educate children in schools about safe sex but the people who need to be targeted the most are the sex workers themselves , " says Penny Richards , the communications director for the Avahan India AIDS Initiative , funded by the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation .
" The other group in need of education are men who have sex with men . "
The sex workers of Mumbai have long attracted the interest of photographers .
In the early 1980s , the distinguished American photographer Mary Ellen Mark spent weeks on the city 's Falkland Road , one of the poorest red - light districts .
Initially suspicious of her , the sex workers gradually came to trust the American and invited her into their homes .
Her now - famous and unsettling collection of photographs is titled after the street on which the women work .
By contrast , when he set about working on the collection of images published on these pages , the photographer ( and longstanding contributor to The Independent Magazine ) Kalpesh Lathigra wanted to portray the women ( who included some hijras , or eunuchs who dress and identify themselves as female ) outside of their usual environment .
Working with a friend , he arranged to hire a studio in Mumbai in which to photograph them .
As it transpired , the studio was only a short distance from the area in which the women worked .
But despite the geographical proximity , it was a world apart .
The results were dignified and powerful .
" They were really surprised that I wanted to take their photographs in the studio and not in a brothel , " Lathigra recalls , " but I did it because I wanted to isolate the women visually in a direct way .
The photographs are for me a way of breaking away from visual clichés – and more importantly , a way of breaking away from the taboos and stigma of HIV , which in India are still very prevalent . "
" Whenever photographers go to the red - light areas , they are always taking their pictures in the street .
It is not easy .
And you 'll get tourists coming and taking pictures as well .
So when I told them I wanted to go the studio they were surprised , but they were also really positive .
I think they understood what I was trying to do . "
As well known as it is for its sex workers , Mumbai is also famed for its terrible traffic , its almost constant gridlock and the persistent building of new roads and flyovers .
Amid this twisting jungle of fast - setting concrete and blinding headlights , it was not difficult for Lathigra to discover an impromptu truck stop where drivers gathered for rest and relaxation .
There is an aura of slight menace to some of the images he took there of the truck drivers but there is also a sense of weariness about these men of the road .
Standing in front of their brightly painted rigs – which are themselves the constant menace of India 's roads – the men also look a long way from home .
A long way from their families , from their wives .
There are new challenges for the changing India as campaigners seek to make the world 's largest democracy ( with a population of more than 1.1 bn ) wake up to the threat of Aids .
Some experts , for example , believe that the rise and rise of the booming information - technology industry – and , in particular , of the call centres that service clients on the other side of the world – that represents the emerging threat to watch .
Warning of the menace of so - called " call - centre romeos " , men who make use of the cramped working conditions and night - shift hours to snare young women , Dr Suniti Solomon says the profile of those who carry the HIV virus is changing .
Dr Solomon , who is from Chennai and who detected India 's first - ever case of Aids in 1986 , explains : " Men and women are entering the workplace for the first time .
Often they are coming from outside the urban areas .
They are getting a good salary ; it 's a nice atmosphere .
They are away from their parents and they have more freedom . "
It soon becomes clear that a key issue in encouraging safe sex in India is that it remains a remarkably conservative society .
For a culture that once created the Kama Sutra and the erotic carvings at Khajuraho , it 's ironic that many subjects remain taboo – among them , men having sex with men , drug abuse and the issue of easy access to condoms .
" It 's as if it is not possible to talk about it , " says Penny Richards of the Gates Foundation .
Yet on the streets of Kamathipura , campaigners have had success in educating the women of the red - light area about their circumstances and what they can do to protect themselves .
In addition to education about safer sex , a number of schemes have been set up to help the economic circumstances of the women .
A cooperative bank , established by the charity Population Services International , which allows women to deposit small amounts of money is one such example .
Saving even a few rupees here and there means the women can remove an element of desperation from their daily lives .
" It means , " says Indra , a sex worker from the southern state of Karnataka , " that I can say , ' No ' , if a customer does not want to use a condom . "
For more information , see concern.net
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Stocks plunged yet again on Thursday , as a frantic flight from risk prompted by investors ’ deepening economic fears drove the benchmark Standard & Poor ’s 500 index to its lowest level since 1997 -- completing the erasure of more than a decade of stock market gains .
The latest leg down in what has been a 13 - month whipping of equities worldwide was led by the year ’s weakest links : banks , commodity producers and car makers .
The S&P 500 is now more than 52 percent below its October 2007 record high , making the current bear market the second biggest on record .
The current decline is exceeded only by the 83 percent drop between 1930 and 1932 , according to the Stock Trader ’s Almanac .
“ People are looking for light at the end of the tunnel and people do n’t see anything , ” said Giri Cherukuri , head trader at OakBrook Investments LLC in Lisle , Illinois .
On Thursday , the price of oil hurtled below $ 50 a barrel , taking energy shares with it as dismal U.S. economic data intensified concerns of a long and deep global recession , crushing fuel demand expectations .
Chevron tumbled more than 8 percent and dragged the most on the Dow .
The Dow Jones industrial average plunged 444.99 points , or 5.56 percent , to 7,552.29 .
The Standard & Poor ’s 500 Index lost 54.14 points , or 6.71 percent , to 752.44 .
The Nasdaq Composite Index slid 70.30 points , or 5.07 percent , to 1,316.12 .
DELL CLIMBS AFTER SOLID EARNINGS
But after the closing bell , a bright spot emerged when shares of Dell Inc rose 6.3 percent to $ 10.43 after the world ’s No. 2 PC maker reported better - than - expected profit as cost cuts tempered lower revenue .
And in another positive development after hours , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the two biggest home loan finance companies , said they would suspend foreclosures of occupied homes until early 2009 -- one of the biggest moves to date by the government to staunch the wave of evictions and home losses .
[ ID:nN20621384 ] .
Earlier on Thursday , the number of American workers on the unemployment rolls surged to the highest in a quarter century , government data showed , while a regional manufacturing gauge slumped as the economic misery intensified .
Financial stocks helped lead the way lower .
Citigroup dove 26.4 percent to $ 4.71 on growing worries about whether the second - largest U.S. bank has enough capital to withstand billions of dollars of additional loan losses , overshadowing fresh support from Saudi Prince Alwaleed , its largest individual investor .
An S&P index of financial shares tumbled 10.5 percent .
JPMorgan Chase &
Co was the second - heaviest weight on the Dow , falling 17.9 percent to $ 23.38 .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
DETROIT’S BAILOUT HITS SPEED BUMP
Further uncertainty over the prospects for a bailout for struggling automakers added to the gloom .
Democratic leaders warned the bill would not pass unless it included a plan for the industry to return to profitability .
Shares of General Motors and Ford were tied to the bailout news , ending higher after falling sharply earlier in the day .
GM rose 3.2 percent to $ 2.88 , while Ford advanced 10.3 percent to $ 1.39 .
Democratic leaders said automakers can submit another plan by December 2 , adding that the proposal could be considered the week of December 8 .
Slideshow ( 7 images )
In the energy sector , Chevron dropped 8.8 percent to $ 64.40 , while an S&P index of energy companies tumbled 11.2 percent .
U.S. front - month crude oil fell $ 4.00 to settle at $ 49.62 a barrel , the lowest settlement since May 23 , 2005 .
Volume was heavy on the New York Stock Exchange , where about 2.23 billion shares changed hands , above last year ’s estimated daily average of 1.90 billion , while on the Nasdaq , about 3.15 billion shares traded , well above last year ’s daily average of 2.17 billion .
Decliners outnumbered advancers on the NYSE by a ratio of 13 to 1 , while on the Nasdaq , nearly seven stocks fell for every one that rose .
The scheme is expected to be announced by the Communications Minister , Stephen Conroy , and Ms O'Donnell in Melbourne today .
Complaints lodged with the ombudsman against each telecommunications company will be monitored and logged daily , with monthly results analysed and discussed with each company .
At the conclusion of the six - month scheme , report cards will be offered for public scrutiny and failure by any company to show an acceptable level of improvement in its customer complaint handling will be handed over to the industry 's regulators , the Australian Communications and Media Authority and the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission .
The ombudsman said it was time the industry woke up and made complaint handling a priority .
" If [ the companies ] are going to say they 're serious about customer service , then let the whole community hold them to account . "
For the first time in the ombudsman office 's 17 - year history , complaints over poor customer care and complaint handling have outnumbered unresolved gripes over billing and payments .
According to the 2007 - 08 annual report , 149,742 complaints were handled by the ombudsman , and many of these involved multiple problems , raising the number of complaint issues to 268,645 - an increase of 61 per cent from the previous year .
Almost a third of all problems were over customer care or complaint handling .
Senator Conroy said the telecommunication providers needed to lift standards .
" These statistics are of serious concern for the Government and consumers , and they ought to be of serious concern for all CEOs in the telecommunications sector , " he said .
The chief executive of the Consumers ' Telecommunications Network , Teresa Corbin , said if the scheme failed to deliver measurable improvements in customer service , government regulation was the only option left .
Ms Corbin said the regulatory body was extremely restricted in its ability to enforce a code the industry treated as voluntary .
" Customer service throughout the whole industry is woeful , " she said .
" Consumers are hung out to dry .
Many never bother to complain in the first place because they know it 's just too hard . "
Ms Corbin 's husband , Julian Dunn , refused to give up after he was sold a faulty mobile phone by Telstra in March .
He returned it to his dealer but six weeks later the company denied it had received the phone , then confessed it had lost it .
The company then tried to sell Mr Dunn a new phone under a new contract , while still charging him under the old contract .
After the ombudsman intervened Telstra promised a new handset , but the company billed Mr Dunn for it anyway , sending him back into the complaint cycle .
In September Telstra finally found the original faulty phone .
" The system is designed to frustrate you so you just give up , " Mr Dunn said .
" It was a never - ending circle for six months .
By the time it was over it felt surreal . "
Neither Telstra nor Optus returned the Herald 's calls yesterday .
“ The best way to predict the future is to create it . ”
– Peter Drucker
I remember the first time I saw Back To The Future – one of my all time favorite movies about time travel .
I ’ve often wondered ….
What I would do if I could go back in time ?
What would I see if I went forward in time ?
Would I ( eventually ) make some mistake that would cost me my guitar playing skills forever – or would I go on to greatness ?
With that , here are the ways I time travel into the past and forward to the future …. always successfully returning to the present .
Traveling Backwards
In Time
“ So we beat on , boats against the current , borne back ceaselessly into the past . ”
- F. Scott Fitzgerald
Listen to old songs you used to love .
Yes , especially those embarrassing guilty pleasures .
Yes , especially those embarrassing guilty pleasures .
Visit your home town .
Visit your old schools and college campus … and maybe eat at the restaurants you used to visit as a child .
.
Visit your old schools and college campus … and maybe eat at the restaurants you used to visit as a child .
Read old journals ( physical , or online blogs ) .
You ’ll be amazed at how it all comes back to you .
You ’ll be amazed at how it all comes back to you .
Smell .
For me , the strangest smells will bring back strong memories .
Pine cones and mangoes remind me of different parts of my childhood .
.
For me , the strangest smells will bring back strong memories .
Pine cones and mangoes remind me of different parts of my childhood .
Visit or call your family – parents – or children if they are grown .
Reminiscing with my family and siblings is one of the simple joys of my life .
.
Reminiscing with my family and siblings is one of the simple joys of my life .
Reflect , and give thanks .
We may not realize how fortunate we are or count our blessings often .
Take time to reflect , and travel back to where we ’ve been , how we got here – and be thankful for all the things we have .
I ’ve used all of the above to transport myself into the past – and return safely to the present , without altering any past events =)
If you try it , you may return to the present disoriented , invigorated , and nostalgic .
Traveling Forward In Time
Visualize the future .
Lie down , close your eyes , and imagine the future .
Picture yourself , your job , your house .
Visualize the milestones that will lead to that future .
The clearer you visualize the future , the more likely you are to be correct ( hey , nobody said time travel was perfect )
.
Lie down , close your eyes , and imagine the future .
Picture yourself , your job , your house .
Visualize the milestones that will lead to that future .
The clearer you visualize the future , the more likely you are to be correct ( hey , nobody said time travel was perfect )
Write down your goals .
Winston Churchill once said “ History will be kind to me , for I intend to write it . ”
We have the power today to write our own future – the more specific we are , the more likely it is to be right .
. Winston Churchill once said “ History will be kind to me , for I intend to write it . ”
We have the power today to write our own future – the more specific we are , the more likely it is to be right .
Just relax and enjoy the ride .
We ’re all going forward 60 seconds at a time .
Enjoy the present , learn some lessons , take pictures and write journals along the way – and travel back and enjoy it again whenever you want .
.
We ’re all going forward 60 seconds at a time .
Enjoy the present , learn some lessons , take pictures and write journals along the way – and travel back and enjoy it again whenever you want .
Take Action –
When you avoid taking action , it ’s almost like freezing your life in time .
Your goals , your dreams – everything is on hold .
It ’s only by taking action ( as I teach in The Action Solution ) that you can get any closer to accomplishing what matters most to you
PS – My Motivating Time Travel Secret
Sometimes when I feel lazy or lack motivation , I remind myself of this ….
Today , realize I have already traveled back in time .
When I am confronted with tough decisions , or days where I feel like not doing anything , I imagine meeting myself from the future .
Sid from the future tells me this :
I am Sid from the future .
I am here to tell you that , today , you have the opportunity to change everything .
Your whole life hinges on today ‘s actions .
You have two choices : you can choose to act , or continue to wait .
One path leads to greatness .
And the other path leads to a life where you will look back on today as the day where you could have spoken up ,
today is the day where you could have reached out .
If you do not act today , if you do not grab control of your fate today , you will look back realizing that today was the one chance you had to change everything .
Do not let this moment pass you by .
I am Sid from the future .
Make the most of today .
Make A Difference Today
2008 Bumpin ’
posted by on November 5 at 16:55 PM
This year they came out in force to support their candidate .
I 'm not talking about the youth vote or the minority vote .
I 'm talking about the breast vote .
They did n't hide their support .
In many cases they let it all hang out for Obama Biden .
Cocaine , morphine , and even heroin were seen as miracle cures when they were first discovered .
Substances prohibited today were legally available in the past , so until the late 1800 , manufacturers proudly proclaimed that their products contained such drugs .
Today we present you ten of this incredible old ads .
Bayer heroin bottle .
From 1898 to 1910 heroin was marketed as a non-addictive morphine substitute and cough medicine for children !
Metcalf ’s Coca
Wine was one of a large number of cocaine - containing wines available on the market .
All claimed medicinal effects , although they were undoubtedly consumed for their “ recreational ” value as well .
Vin Mariani ( c. 1865 ) was the leading Coca Wine of its time .
Pope Leo XIII purportedly carried a hipflask of Vin Mariani with him , and awarded a Vatican gold medal to its creator , Angelo Mariani .
This coca wine was made by the Maltine Manufacturing Company ( New York ) .
The dosage indicated on the back of the bottle reads : “ A wine glass full with , or immediately after , meals .
Children in proportion . ”
Cocaine - containing throat lozenges ( c. 1900 ) were “ indispensable for singers , teachers , and orators . ”
In addition to quieting a sore throat , these lozenges undoubtedly provided the “ pick - me - up ” to keep these professionals performing at their peak .
Paperweight advertisement for C.F. Boehringer & Soehne ( Mannheim , Germany ) , “ largest makers in the world of quinine and cocaine . ”
This chemical manufacturer was proud of its leading position in the world ’s cocaine market .
This bottle of Stickney and Poor ’s paregoric ( mixture of opium and alcohol ) was distributed much like the spices for which the company is better known .
Doses for infants , children , and adults are given on the bottle .
At 46 % alcohol , this product is 92 proof which is pretty potent in itself .
This ad is for Glyco - Heroin manufactured by Martin H. Smith Company ( New York ) .
Heroin was widely used not only as an analgesic but also as a remedy for asthma , coughs , and pneumonia .
Mixing heroin with glycerin ( and often adding sugar or spices ) made the bitter - tasting opiate more palatable for oral consumption .
This National Vaporizer Vapor - OL ( opium ) Treatment no .
6 for asthma may have provided a unique method of essentially “ smoking ” opium .
The volatile liquid was placed in a pan that was heated by a small kerosene lamp ( see below ) .
Other substances were also used in these early ( c. 1890 ) vaporizers , but this mixture probably ensured plenty of visitors for the spasmodically affected .
A Maryland man was sentenced Tuesday to 21 months behind bars for using a camcorder to pirate movies at a theater .
Michael Dwayne Logan pleaded guilty in July to two felony counts ( .pdf ) of filming 28 Weeks Later and Enchanted in a District of Columbia theater last year .
Logan was sentenced by U.S. District Judge Richard Roberts of the District of Columbia under the Family Entertainment and Copyright Act , Title 18 , United States Code , Section 2319B .
The 2005 law makes it a federal felony to record movies at the theater without the copyright owners ' consent .
Scofflaws face a maximum three - year prison term and $ 250,000 fine .
Logan was nabbed in November after an investigator from the MPAA and local authorities caught him using a JVC high definition video camera .
It was under his coat while in a Regal Cinema last year .
" The lens of the recording device was facing the movie screen and was covered by a coat , " said Cynthia Pinson , an FBI agent .
Logan , who was prohibited from going to a movie house for one year following his release , admitted ( .pdf ) that he produced DVDs from his clandestine filming and planned to sell them .
The MPAA , in a statement , said Logan was believed to have filmed as many as 100 movies at the theater .
Prosecutions for camcording or using mobile phones to record movies in a theater are infrequent .
Many states also have laws on the books similar to the federal statute .
Last year , a teen pleaded guilty to filming 20 seconds of Transformers in a Virginia theater , in violation of that state 's law .
In that case , the world 's largest movie chain pressured local authorities to prosecute .
Image : MPAA
Everyday we see many beautiful WordPress themes , many are good and only a little are just one of a kind .
The choice is big enough , but the search is worth it .
Today we present only 15 Free Premium - like WordPress
Themes that are truly impressive and you might be willing to use for your next project , which have been released over the last few months .
1. Agregado Lifestream
A free professional WordPress - theme created by Darren Hoyt and Matt Dawson .
The theme features a built - in lifestream module and contact form with custom control panel options .
Features include : Lifestream module with carousel , Custom archives page , Animated js dropdown menus , Built - in drop caps for lead paragraphs and much more …
Demo can be viewed here
Download from here
2. Guzel
This is a 2 - column layout with a nice header at the top displaying the latest posts and comments there .
Features include : integration with Flickr account , inbuilt RSS and other social bookmarks like Digg , del.icio.us and stumble upon .
Demo can be viewed here
Download from here
3. Simple Balance 2.0
Simple Balance 2.0 – a free , simple WordPress theme with enough options to make it “ premium - like ” .
This amazing theme offers many options to adjust through the theme ’s Control Panel .
This is a Widget - ready , customize banners setting and more …
Demo can be viewed here
Download from here
4. Infinity
The theme has 3 fixed columns , Thumbnail covers style , Flickr , Delicious and Twitter integration as well as an attractive visual design .
The theme was designed by Zhang Yichi , the creative mind behind Vikiworks Studio from Shanghai , China .
Free and without any restrictions
Download from here
5. Outdoorsy
If you are looking for a unique theme that is quite graphics heavy then this one is for you .
The background images are chosen carfully to give that paper look look and feel , so backgrounds are vital for the uniqueness of the theme .
The theme is fully widgetized and easy to install .
Demo can be viewed here
Download from here
6. SCRUFFY
This is a grid based design and layout , built on the popular 960.gs css framework .
Features include : Widgetized sidebar with styling for all default WordPress widgets , theme options page for inserting and position a logo .
Page Templates include Archives and Sitemap .
Demo can be viewed here
Download from here
7. SubtlyMade
This is a 2 - column layout with a nice header at the top displaying the latest posts and comments there .
Features include : integration with Flickr account , inbuilt RSS and other social bookmarks like Digg , del.icio.us and stumble upon .
Demo can be viewed here
Download from here
8. WP Coda
Created by modifying several already - existing code snippets and implemented it to a nice layout to mimic the functionality of the Coda website .
Every aspect of the Coda website was duplicated and this theme works in every major browser .
Code snippets used are : Coda Slider Effect , Coda Popup Bubbles , FancyBox and CSS Image PreLoader .
Free and without any restrictions
Download from here
9. True Elegance
True Elegance is a 3 - column wordpress theme with fully widgetized sidebars .
The theme also features recent activity in a visually appealing panel on top which can be controlled via AdminCP .
With a clean , well commented code .
Demo can be viewed here
Download from here
10 . Massivepress
An impressive theme created by WP Elements .
Massivepress is 3 - column widget enabled WordPress theme featuring a thumbnail based posting style which gives you the ability to get more content in front of your users in a way that is clean and organized .
Features include : Featured Articles , 3 unique sidbars that can be configured individually including the “ Index Sidebar ” , “ Post Sidebar ” and “ Page Sidebar ” .
Demo can be viewed here
Download from here
11 . Purple Fever
A fresh 2 - column styled premium WordPress theme that is now FREE .
Features includes : Widget Ready , Monetization Optimized through google adsense or affiliate revenue , featured post at the top , tabbed interface at the right column , highlighted posts and more .
Demo can be viewed here
Download from here
12 . Modicus Remix
This is a minimalist WordPress
Theme based on Upstart Blogger ’s WordPress theme “ Modicus “ .
Thus aptly titled “ Modicus Remix ” .
This is a 2 - column layout design and if you want to use the 3 -
column layout you should try the original one .
Free
Download from here
13 . Crybook
CryBook is a 3 Column simple theme base on Facebook .
Featured include : 2 widget - ready sidebar , live theme swistcher and Custom Admin Panel .
It ’s compatible with up to WordPress 2.6.2 and has been tested with in Firefox3 , Internet Explorer 6 & 7 , Opera , and Safari .
Demo can be viewed here
Download from here
14 . WP NewsMag
This is a Hybrid blog / portfolio / photo / magazine style theme .
Features includes : Widgeti ready with five custom sidebars , 5 different front page category loops , Slider function for bottombar and featured articles , Three level CSS / JS dropdown menu and Utilization of Custom Fields for neat image display on the front page .
Demo can be viewed here
Download from here
15 . Simply Ornate
“ Simply Ornate ” ia a free theme that focuses on typography and patterns and comes in 5 flavours .
Features include : a prototype - based tab effect to browse latest posts , comments and tags .
The front page is set up to show excerpts of your 4 latest posts , and also includes a mini-nav in the upper right side to allow for page navigating .
Hugh Jackman on Love Scene With Nicole Kidman
Actorhas only good things to say about his leading ladyin their upcoming film Australia .
The two are currently filming a love scene for the film and Jackman says it could n't have been better or easier .
Well we are sure they will heat up the big screen because they are both unbelievably good looking people .
Both of their spouses , Keith Urban and Deborra - Lee Furness , are in show business so they are understanding .
Although he would n't give specific details on the love scenes he did say :
" I wo n't tell you all the nitty gritty .
But , director Baz Luhrmann treats love scenes like choreography .
The camera is like a dancer .
If you watch any of his movies , visually , the love scenes are like poetry . "
We can't wait for the movie to come out .
Check out the trailer below .
Photo : WENN
From the " so rich he can fund the business himself " files :
Ubuntu Founder Mark Shuttleworth admitted today his company is not cash flow positive .
That 's despite the fact that Chris Kenyon , director of business development at Canonical told me that Canonical has 8 million users and growing revenues .
On a conference call with press and analysts today , Shuttleworth said some really amazing things about his business and it's lack of currently profitability and his view that the money is n't on the Linux desktop .
" Canonical is not Cash positive , " Shuttleworth said . " I think we could be cash positive if we focus on the core and scaled back . "
Shuttleworth added that he expect Canonical will require another three to five years worth of funding .
" We continue to require investment and I keep being careful with my pennies making those investments , " Shuttleworth said .
So though Canonical is generating revenue , they are n't yet profitable .
Even more interesting is while Shuttleworth is a big believer in the Linux desktop he also admitted that is n't where he 's going to make his money back .
" We can't make money selling the desktop that 's why we focused on a zero licensing cost business model , " Shuttleworth said .
" The only way to build a business on Linux is to focus on services . "
Frustrating traffic jams could become a thing of the past thanks to the humble ant .
The planet 's most intelligent insect is far more adept at managing congestion than humans , say scientists .
This helps them move around their colony much more efficiently and why you never see the tiny creatures backed up in queues .
Ants have brains that contain about 250,000 cells - the largest among insects , according to collective intelligence expert Dr Dirk Helbing .
He believes his ant study could hold the key to solving the bane of road congestion .
His team set up an ' ant motorway ' with two routes of different widths from the nest to some sugar syrup .
Unsurprisingly the narrower route soon became congested .
But when an ant returning along the congested route to the nest collided with another ant just starting out , the returning ant pushed the newcomer onto the other path .
However , if the returning ant had enjoyed a trouble - free journey it did not redirect the newcomer .
The result was that just before the shortest route became clogged the ants were diverted to another route and traffic jams never formed , according to New Scientist .
A similar principle could be used if cars communicated with eachother , according to Dr Helbing , of the Dresden University of Technology in Germany .
Cars travelling in one direction could remotely tell oncoming vehicles what traffic conditions they are about to encounter - so they could take evasive action if necessary .
Related Posts : Intelligent , Jam , Snarl-ups , Traffic
About The Author Bie , that 's my name .
Im just an ordinary blogger .
Ea eam labores imperdiet , apeirian democritum ei nam , doming neglegentur ad vis .
Ne malorum ceteros feugait quo , ius ea liber offendit placerat , est habemus aliquyam legendos id .
Eam no corpora maluisset definitiones .
Share This
First came Web 2.0 , which begot social networking , which morphed into a much easier term to hype called Social Media .
While Web 2.0 is considered to be more of an umbrella term for a new philosophy for how things like development and selling – or not selling depending on your feelings about freenomics – on the web .
This movement was born out of the collapse of the dotcom boom of the late 90’s and was suppose to embody all that is good and transparent about ourselves on the web .
Everyone feel the love just flowing out of the whole idea of Web 2.0 ?
Well actually now it is all the hot air that was holding it up that is flowing outward but that is another post for another day .
Even with that though , there is still this thought that Social Media is the bigger result of this latest boom and bust period of the web .
After all everyone and their brother wants to jump on the bandwagon now and in the typical self - fulfilling prophesy those that have n’t yet are hiring social media consultants to tell them how they can save their asses .
This of course is guaranteed to have these newly minted consultants proclaim that everyone must grab their piece of the social media wagon as it goes by .
But grab a piece of what ?
After all , social media is just a term that means having conversations with as many people as possible , as transparently as possible and if you can make them your friend .
Social Media boils down to nothing more than having as many friends as possible on as many of the different social media services as you can possibly belong to ; and if you ca n’t belong to them all join one of the services that lets you broadcast like a megaphone to everyone from one place .
At what point though does this become just a pointless exercise in sending out following notifications ad nauseam .
At what point does having all these friends become just ridiculous bullshit because we really do n’t know who these people are and for the most part we do n’t care just as long as they follow us back .
Do we know if their belief systems meshes with ours , or will something we say at some point spark a royal flamefest that everyone jumps in on if for no other reason that they can .
Just because our contact lists on various services are suffering from a bad Viagra overdose does that really make our time spent online any more valuable or does it just give us bragging rights on how popular we are .
A good friend of mine ; and not just because we connected on some silly ass service , recently posted about his quitting FriendFeed .
I can totally understand why Mark did this given his penchant for talking about and sharing political oriented stuff .
The problem is that he harboured the false belief that just because they were friends on FriendFeed people would be reasonable and thoughtful and would enjoy intelligent discourse over the things he was sharing .
That unfortunately was his first mistake because no matter how many people you have in the same room – or in the case of social media services – the same friend list none of them will share exactly the same ideals .
Under normal social ; not online social nonsense but real life social there are two definite things people do n’t talk about unless they are itching for a fight and that is politics and religion .
Now Rob Diana ; guest posting on Louis Gray ’s blog , quite rightly pointed out that this is a perfect example of how our real life social filters have not made the transition to our online social circles .
As true as this might be I also believe it is because we have too many friends online and that is blinding us to the fact that there are times we need to just shut up .
This incident that Mark experienced and caused to him to sign out of FriendFeed for good is something I believe we will start seeing more of .
People by their very nature have close circles of friends that they are comfortable with .
They know what can or cannot be discussed because those are boundaries we have learned over the time it has taken to get to know them as friends .
Justin.tv viewers comment as Florida authorities recover the body of a teen who committed suicide live on the internet .
A 19 - year - old Florida teen 's suicide broadcast Wednesday on Justin.tv was a result of an overdose of opiates and benzodiazepine , the Broward County Medical Examiner & Trauma Services Division said Friday .
The Pembroke Pines teen was pronounced dead about 6 p.m. on Wednesday , coroner spokeswoman Sherri Baker said in a telephone interview .
She said benzodiazepine is used for depression and insomnia .
About 185 people were viewing the feed on the San Francisco - based live - streaming service .
The teen had announced his pending suicide on a bodybuilding .com chat forum , which linked to the broadcast .
He left an online suicide note .
Viewers were seen egging him on .
The chat 's moderator called the authorities , Baker said , and police broke into the residence .
Justin.tv CEO
Michael Seibel said in an e-mail : " We regret that this has occurred and respect the privacy of the broadcaster and his family during this time .
We have policies in place to discourage the distribution of distressing content , and our community monitors the site accordingly .
This content was flagged by our community , reviewed , and removed according to our terms of service . "
Public suicides are common ; people jump from bridges and buildings .
But the phenomenon is now encroaching on to the global arena offered by the internet .
A British man suffered the same fate two years ago after being goaded to hang himself while in a webcam chatroom .
And the net is also a known medium for organizing suicide pacts .
While online viewers watched a police officer prodding the Florida teen to see if he was alive , their chat comments ranged from OMG to LOL .
Justin.tv is an open network of thousands of live streaming channels .
The network , named after Justin Kan , its first star , has been the target of pranksters and hackers .
Soon after Justin.tv launched , viewers played a prank on Kan , calling the cops from his cellphone to report a stabbing .
With guns drawn , the authorities broke into Kan 's apartment to the delight of viewers .
Message from the president to the banks : lend !
This message was made perfectly clear by White House press secretary Dana Perino , who said : “ What we ’re trying to do is get banks to do what they are supposed to do , which is support the system that we have in America .
And banks exist to lend money . ”
Just in case the bankers might fail to get the emperor ’s hint , Perino added ominously that the bank regulators “ will be watching very closely . ”
Anthony Ryan , acting undersecretary for domestic finance at the Treasury , told those attending the annual meeting of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association :
“ As these banks and institutions are reinforced and supported with taxpayer funds , they must meet their responsibility to lend , and support the American people and the U.S. economy . ”
Like Perino , he felt the need to add a thinly veiled threat :
“ It is in a strengthened institution ’s best financial interest to increase lending once it has received government funding . ”
So much for the idea that because the government is taking nonvoting preferred shares in exchange for its handouts , it will have no influence over how the privileged banks are managed .
Indeed , the idea that it would keep its hands off was always preposterous , regardless of the formal status of its newly acquired ownership stake .
In view of the many ways in which the government can hurt a bank whenever it wishes to do so , no ownership position was necessary in any event .
As always , government officials are worshiping at the altar of easy credit , confident that any economic problem , no matter what it may be or how it may have arisen , can be solved by dumping cheap credit on it .
Evidently , government leaders have not paused to reflect on how the economy came to be in its present troubled condition .
If they had given the matter any informed thought , they would have realized that outpourings of cheap credit lie at the root of the entire sorry situation .
Recall how the Fed pushed the Fed Funds rate down to 1 percent in the wake of the dot - com bust of 2000 - 2002 .
With Fed credit available to banks for years on end at a negative real rate of interest , how could they resist plowing ahead with loans that normally would have seemed absurdly risky , especially when they could pass much of the rotten paper along to Fannie , Freddie , and other buyers in the secondary market ?
The rest , as they say , is history .
Now , the banks and other lenders have been chastened by the nasty turn of events during the past year .
Giants such as Bear Stearns , Lehman Brothers , AIG , Wachovia , Washington Mutual , Merrill Lynch , Fannie Mae , and Freddie Mac have drowned in the swift currents stirred by years of feckless lending .
Lenders have properly become more cautious .
Eager to rebuild depleted capital and reserve balances , they are reluctant to lend except to clearly creditworthy borrowers .
Riskier borrowers , if they are served at all , must pay hefty interest - rate premiums to compensate the lenders for dealing with them .
So , the present so - called credit crunch deserves to be recognized as an exhibition of prudence , which now reappears after a long absence , whereas the credit markets during the past five or six years deserve to be recognized as an exhibition of a fool ’s paradise .
Seemingly too good to be true at the time , they were , indeed .
Yet , in this concert hall , the government knows the lyrics to only one song : lend , lend , lend .
Worry not about the morrow .
After all , should you get into trouble , you can again draw from the government ’s bottomless well , which is fed by its base - money fountain , to slake your thirst for another bailout .
So far , however , the banks have chosen to allow their reserves at the Fed to build up astonishingly .
For the week that ended September 10 , reserve balances with federal reserve banks averaged $ 8 billion .
Then they began to increase rapidly , and by the week that ended October 22 , they averaged $ 301 billion .
Although reluctance to lend to poorly qualified borrowers may explain a large part of this buildup , we might also note that on October 6 the Fed announced that henceforth it would pay interest on required and excess reserves , thereby greatly increasing the incentive for banks to hold the latter .
So , on the one hand we see the government giving banks a reason not to lend out excess reserves , but to hold them in a riskless form while nonetheless earning interest on them , and on the other hand we see the government threatening banks that do not lend out their excess reserves , regardless of the risks associated with such lending in the present circumstances .
If you suspect that the left hand does not know what the right hand is doing , you may well be barking up the right tree .
But he could not fit on the chair in his Montreal prison cell and when he went to bed , his body stuck out six inches on either side .
" In the right place , your heart was .
But clouded by emotion was your judgment . " ― Yoda [ src ]
Soon Bayts was a male Human Jedi Master who served the Jedi Order the last decades of the Republic Classic era .
When the Yinchorri Uprising came to bear , Bayts was charged with supervising communications between the Jedi strike teams and the Jedi Temple on Coruscant .
When the temple was attacked by Yinchorri raiders during the Uprising , Bayts fought alongside his fellow Jedi to defend his home .
By the time of the Clone Wars , Bayts was a Master , and he joined Mace Windu in accompanying Senator Bail Organa of Alderaan to the Outer Rim Territories on the Intervention .
Following a rugged crash landing on Boz Pity , Master Bayts was among the advance group scouting for Confederate installations on the planet .
Upon reaching the base , they were met with heavy droid resistance , as well as the presence of General Grievous .
Before Bayts even had a chance to attack Grievous , the droid general swiftly killed the Jedi Master by crushing his skull .
Contents show ]
Biography Edit
Yinchorri Uprising Edit
During the Yinchorri Uprising of 33 BBY , the Human male Jedi Knight Soon Bayts was tasked with keeping track of the Jedi strike teams sent to the Yinchorri system .
When the Jedi Temple on Coruscant was attacked , Bayts fought alongside the other Jedi to defend it from the Yinchorri threat .
Following the battle , he received word from Masters Eeth Koth and Adi Gallia , determining that Yinchorri command was not located on Yitheeth as had been suspected .
He also learned that Mace Windu 's strike team had not engaged the opposition , and was lying in wait on Yinchorr .
Delivering this news to Yoda , he encountered the Grand Master interrogating a Yinchorri survivor of the battle . [ 3 ]
Bayts was curious as to how Yoda had made the prisoner so fearful , but the Grand Master explained that the warrior had brought the fear with him when he attacked the temple , and that he had simply shown him the reality of it .
While Bayts delivered his message , the warrior made to attack Yoda , inciting the younger Jedi to leap to the Grand Master 's aid .
Yoda , however , simply levitated Bayts as he deflected the warrior 's attack , and shoved the warrior into the wall , incapacitating him .
Yoda then reprimanded Bayts , telling him that emotion had clouded his judgment . [ 3 ]
Shortly thereafter , Bayts received further reports from the Yinchorri system :
All three strike teams had rendezvoused on Yinchorr , and a Devaronian prisoner had been taken .
Upon delivering the news to Yoda , Bayts speculated that the Devaronians might have been behind the mysterious uprising .
Later , Master Windu called with urgent news about the Yinchorri command center 's location , and Bayts once again had to rush into Yoda 's presence , alerting him to the situation .
The uprising was eventually quelled thanks to the efforts of the strike teams , though three Jedi perished in the conflict . [ 3 ]
Death at the Battle of Boz Pity Edit
By the time of the Clone Wars , Soon Bayts had ascended to the rank of Jedi Master .
For unknown reasons , he changed the color of his lightsaber blade from orange to blue .
Along with Mace Windu and several of the Jedi , among them veterans of the Yinchorri Uprising , he accompanied Senator Bail Organa of Alderaan on the Venator - class Star Destroyer Intervention , bound for the Outer Rim Territories .
Alderaan had many ties to the Outer Rim worlds , and when Organa learned that the Confederacy of Independent Systems was retreating there , he felt the need to witness the battles firsthand . [ 2 ]
Based on intelligence from Master Obi-Wan Kenobi , the Intervention journeyed to Boz Pity , where a large Confederate blockade was known to be amassing .
Since they were but one ship against an entire flotilla , the Jedi enlisted Anakin Skywalker , to help pilot the capital ship through the blockade , resulting in a crash landing on the planet 's surface .
Master Bayts ventured out with Senator Organa and a detachment of clone troopers . [ 2 ]
The group met heavy resistance at the Confederate base , fighting off hordes of battle droids .
Organa called for a charge , and Bayts obliged .
As Bayts cut his way through to the opening of the base , he encountered the Kaleesh cyborg General Grievous .
Before Bayts could even attack the general , Grievous grasped his head with one of his mechanical claws , and crushed it , killing the Jedi Master instantly .
The General then took Bayts ' lightsaber , and used it to attack Republic troops .
The Battle of Boz Pity was eventually won by the Republic , however . [ 2 ]
Personality and traits Edit
Soon Bayts was a prompt individual , and always made sure that his superiors were well informed with the intelligence he gleaned as supervisor of communications during the Yinchorri uprising .
He was able to survive the Yinchorri attack , and readily went to Master Yoda 's aid , even when he did not need it .
He acted on emotion , rather than instinct ; a trait that Yoda openly criticized .
Though Bayts ' combat skills served him well during the Yinchorri conflict , they did not match those of General Grievous , who killed the Jedi Master without difficulty . [ 2] [ 3 ]
Behind the scenes Edit
" When the character Soon Baytes was first introduced , in Jedi Council : Acts of War ( 2000 ) , someone else was editing the comics … "
― Sue Rostoni
Soon Bayts was created by Randy Stradley , and first appeared in the comic mini-series Jedi Council : Acts of War .
In it , the character appears in a minor supporting role .
Bayts ' name was intended as a pun on the term " masturbates " ; a pun later illustrated by Haden Blackman in Star Wars : Obsession .
Stradley had initially planned to use the name as a practical joke on Comic Editor at Lucas Licensing Sue Rostoni , who would often put the word " Master " in front of any Jedi 's name .
Stradley created Bayts as an unimportant tertiary character simply to play a joke on Rostoni , but the character made it through to publication . [ 4 ]
Following Blackman 's use of the character , Comic Editor at Lucas Licensing Sue Rostoni would publicly lament that she was not in charge of editing at the time of Bayts ' creation .
[ 5 ]
In Star Wars : Obsession , Bayts is once again used as a minor supporting character .
Perhaps due to the nature of Soon Bayts ' name , references to him outside Jedi Council : Acts of War and Star Wars : Obsession have been virtually non-existent , save for the mention of him in Abel G. Peña 's Star Wars Insider article , Unknown Soldier : The Story of General Grievous , and an entry in The Complete Star Wars Encyclopedia .
Bayts name was spelled in two different ways in the Expanded Universe , both " Bayts " and " Baytes . "
In Jedi Council : Acts of War , his name is only mentioned once , and it is spelled " Bayts . "
In Star Wars : Obsession , it is also spelled in this manner , save for one panel .
But on the same page , the original spelling is used as well . [ 2] [ 3 ]
Abel G. Peña , the most recent author to reference the character , uses the spelling " Bayts . " [ 6 ]
Appearances Edit
Sources Edit
Notes and references Edit
" What she also ca n't stomach is that her younger brother will be going to boarding school next year ; she does n't think it fair .
But we have told him that he will also have to go to sixth ?
form college , which we think will be good for them because of the social mix . "
Announced officially at Gnomedex , social bookmarking service Ma.gnolia has moved to an open source model .
Reddit like , anyone will be able to download the Ma.gnolia code and use it on their own site .
The M2 offering will be available in a month , but the basics are now available at Ma.gnolia.org .
Live on stage , Ma.gnolia gave a passionate description of the open source world , refreshing attendees remembrance of open source history and current problems .
Included in the announcement is a distributed model where bookmarking through the script will be available across installs , Identi.ca style .
Ma.gnolia acts as the central conduit .
Updated : this from the Ma.gnolia blog
We ’re going to find out , with today ’s announcement of Ma.gnolia 2 , or M2 for short .
M2 is a ground - up rewrite of Ma.gnolia , re-creating features we love today , taking a second run at what did n’t worked as well as planned , on a distributed , service - based architecture designed to handle the large volumes of data we ’ve seen .
What ’s more , M2 will be an open source project that can be downloaded to remix and run as your own .
Gnolia Systems
( Image : Scyza , stock.xchng )
TIREDNESS , depression and lack of libido all seem inevitable parts of male ageing , but what if an age - related lack of testosterone is at the root of all these symptoms ?
Increasingly , doctors say such an “ andropause ” exists and that its effects may go beyond feeling a bit tired – obesity and diabetes also appear to be linked .
The good news is that testosterone supplements might help treat the problem .
Though testosterone is sometimes prescribed for ageing men in Europe and the US , until recently even the existence of andropause was considered controversial .
Treating it was seen by many as …
Qt Internals & Reversing
- Download Qt MetaData Displayer Python script for IDA
Introduction
Half of the text of this article comes from my larger paper " Dynamic C++ Proposal " .
I decided that it was useful to take the part about Qt internals , put it into another article and extend it by adding a reversing part .
Because of its nature , this is not the usual kind of article I write .
In fact , I wrote the reversing part in less than a day .
So , this is a very easy one .
However , I think it is useful for people who need to reverse a Qt application and certainly would n't consider reading my other paper about Dynamic C++ , which does n't sound like a paper about Qt and , in fact , is n't a paper about Qt : the paragraph about Qt is only one among many others .
Moreover , I have n't seen serious articles about this subject .
The first thing which needs to be considered when reversing Qt applications is what Qt brought to the C++ language .
Events ( inside the Qt framework ) are just virtual functions , so nothing new there .
This is not a C++ reversing guide .
What is new in Qt are signals and slots , which rely on the dynamism of the Qt framework .
So , first thing I 'm going to show how this dynamism works .
The second part focus on reversing and , at that point , I will show how to obtain all the metadata one needs when disassembling a Q_OBJECT class .
Internals
The only serious C++ framework I 've seen around is the Qt framework .
Qt brought C++ to a new level .
While the signals and slots technology introduced by Qt is very original , what really was interesting in the whole idea was that an object could call other objects methods regardless of the object declaration .
In order for signals and slots to work , dynamism was brought into C++.
Well , of course , when using only signals and slots , the developer does n't directly notice this behavior , it 's all handled by the framework .
However , this dynamism can be used by the developer through the QMetaObject class as well .
I 'm not going to explain the basics of signals and slots .
The reader might check out the Qt documentation page .
What I will do is to breifly show the internal workings of Qt dynamism .
The current version of the Qt framework at the time I 'm writing this paper is 4.4.3 .
Let 's consider a simple signals and slots example :
// sas.h # include < QObject > class Counter : public QObject { Q_OBJECT public : Counter ( ) { m_value = 0 ; } ; int value ( ) const { return m_value ; } ; public slots : void setValue ( int value ) { if ( value != m_value ) { m_value = value ; emit valueChanged ( value ) ; } } ; signals : void valueChanged ( int newValue ) ; private : int m_value ; } ; // main.cpp #include " sas.h " int main ( int argc , char * argv [ ] ) { Counter a , b ; QObject ::connect ( &a , SIGNAL ( valueChanged ( int ) ) , &b , SLOT ( setValue( int ) ) ) ; a.setValue( 12 ) ; // a.value ( ) == 12 , b.value ( ) == 12 b.setValue ( 48 ) ; // a.value ( ) == 12 , b.value ( ) == 48 return 0 ; }
The SIGNAL and SLOT macro enclose their content in brackets , making it a string .
Well , they do one more thing .
They put an identification number in the string :
# define SLOT ( a ) " 1 " #a # define SIGNAL ( a ) " 2 " #a
So , one might as well write :
QObject :: connect ( &a , " 2valueChanged ( int ) " , &b , " 1setValue ( int ) " ) ;
The Qt keywords signals and slots , which can be found in the class header , are only useful to the Qt metacompiler ( the moc ) .
# if defined ( QT_NO_KEYWORDS ) # define QT_NO_EMIT
# else # define slots # define signals protected # endif # define Q_SLOTS # define Q_SIGNALS protected # define Q_PRIVATE_SLOT(d , signature ) # define Q_EMIT #ifndef QT_NO_EMIT
# define emit #endif
In fact , as you can see , even the emit macro just increases readability .
Only the signals macro is a bit different , because it qualifies
Qt signals as protected methods , whereas slots can be of any kind .
The first interesting part is the Q_OBJECT macro :
/* tmake ignore Q_OBJECT */ #define Q_OBJECT_CHECK
\ template < typename T> inline void qt_check_for_QOBJECT_macro(const T &_q_argument ) const \ { int i = qYouForgotTheQ_OBJECT_Macro(this , &_q_argument ) ; i = i ; } template < typename T > inline int qYouForgotTheQ_OBJECT_Macro(T , T ) { return 0 ; } template < typename T1 , typename T2 > inline void qYouForgotTheQ_OBJECT_Macro( T1 , T2 ) {} #endif // QT_NO_MEMBER_TEMPLATES
/* tmake ignore Q_OBJECT */ #define Q_OBJECT
\ public : \ Q_OBJECT_CHECK
\ static const QMetaObject staticMetaObject ; \ virtual const QMetaObject * metaObject ( ) const ; \ virtual void * qt_metacast ( const char *) ; \ QT_TR_FUNCTIONS
\ virtual int qt_metacall( QMetaObject :: Call , int , void **) ; \ private :
staticMetaObject is the QMetaObject , which is static because , being the metadata class , it 's shared by all instances of the same class .
The metaObject method just returns staticMetaObject .
QT_TR_FUNCTIONS
is a macro that defines all tr functions , used for multi-language support .
qt_metacast performs a dynamic cast , given the class name or the name of one of its base classes ( Qt does n't rely on RTTI , obviously ) .
qt_metacall calls an internal signal or slot by its index .
Before I 'm going to discuss the code generated by the moc , here 's the QMetaObject declaration :
struct Q_CORE_EXPORT
QMetaObject { const char * className ( ) const ; const QMetaObject * superClass ( ) const ; QObject * cast ( QObject * obj ) const ; #ifndef QT_NO_TRANSLATION
// ### Qt 4 : Merge overloads QString tr( const char *s , const char * c ) const ; QString trUtf8 ( const char *s , const char * c ) const ; QString tr( const char *s , const char * c , int n ) const ; QString trUtf8 ( const char *s , const char * c , int n ) const ; #endif // QT_NO_TRANSLATION int methodOffset ( ) const ; int enumeratorOffset ( ) const ; int propertyOffset ( ) const ; int classInfoOffset ( ) const ; int methodCount ( ) const ; int enumeratorCount ( ) const ; int property Count ( ) const ; int classInfoCount ( ) const ; int indexOfMethod ( const char * method ) const ; int indexOfSignal ( const char * signal ) const ; int indexOfSlot ( const char * slot ) const ; int indexOfEnumerator ( const char * name ) const ; int indexOfProperty ( const char * name ) const ; int indexOfClassInfo( const char * name ) const ; QMetaMethod method ( int index ) const ; QMetaEnum enumerator ( int index ) const ; QMetaProperty property ( int index ) const ; QMetaClassInfo classInfo( int index ) const ; QMetaProperty userProperty ( ) const ; static bool checkConnectArgs ( const char *signal , const char * method ) ; static QByteArray normalizedSignature ( const char * method ) ; static QByteArray normalized Type(const char * type ) ; // internal index - based connect static bool connect ( const QObject * sender , int signal_index , const QObject * receiver , int method_index , int type = 0 , int * types = 0 ) ; // internal index - based disconnect static bool disconnect ( const QObject * sender , int signal_index , const QObject * receiver , int method_index ) ; // internal slot - name based connect static void connectSlotsByName ( QObject * o ) ; // internal index - based signal activation static void activate ( QObject * sender , int signal_index , void ** argv ) ; static void activate ( QObject * sender , int from_signal_index , int to_signal_index , void ** argv ) ; static void activate ( QObject * sender , const QMetaObject * , int local_signal_index , void ** argv ) ; static void activate ( QObject * sender , const QMetaObject * , int from_local_signal_index , int to_local_signal_index , void ** argv ) ; // internal guarded pointers static void addGuard ( QObject ** ptr ) ; static void removeGuard ( QObject ** ptr ) ; static void changeGuard ( QObject ** ptr , QObject * o ) ; static bool invokeMethod ( QObject * obj , const char * member , Qt:: ConnectionType , QGenericReturnArgument ret , QGenericArgument val0 = QGenericArgument(0 ) , QGenericArgument val1 = QGenericArgument ( ) , QGenericArgument val2 = QGenericArgument ( ) , QGenericArgument val3 = QGenericArgument ( ) , QGenericArgument val4 = QGenericArgument ( ) , QGenericArgument val5 = QGenericArgument ( ) , QGenericArgument val6 = QGenericArgument ( ) , QGenericArgument val7 = QGenericArgument ( ) , QGenericArgument val8 = QGenericArgument ( ) , QGenericArgument val9 = QGenericArgument ( ) ) ; // [ ... several invokeMethod overloads ...] enum Call { InvokeMetaMethod , ReadProperty , WriteProperty , ResetProperty , QueryPropertyDesignable , QueryPropertyScriptable , QueryPropertyStored , QueryPropertyEditable , QueryPropertyUser } ; #ifdef QT3_SUPPORT QT3 _SUPPORT const char * superClassName ( ) const ; #endif struct { // private data const QMetaObject * superdata ; const char * stringdata ; const uint * data ; const QMetaObject ** extradata ; } d ; } ;
The important part of QMetaObject is the internal d struct .
The first member of this struct is a QMetaObject class pointer .
This member points to the parent Qt object metadata class .
A class like ours can inherit from more than just one class , but it can have only one QObject ( or from it derived ) base class , and that 's the super class .
Moreover , the moc relies on the fact that in a QObject derived class declaration the first inherited class is a QObject ( or derived ) base class .
Let 's take a Qt dialog , which often uses multiple inheritance in its implementation :
class ConvDialog : public QDialog , private Ui:: ConvDialog { Q_OBJECT
Which makes the moc produce this code :
const QMetaObject ConvDialog::staticMetaObject = { { & QDialog::staticMetaObject , qt_meta_stringdata_ConvDialog , qt_meta_data_ConvDialog , 0 } } ;
But , if ConvDialog inherits Ui:: ConvDialog before QDialog , the moc generates :
const QMetaObject ConvDialog::staticMetaObject = { { & Ui::ConvDialog::staticMetaObject , qt_meta_stringdata_ConvDialog , qt_meta_data_ConvDialog , 0 } } ;
Which is wrong , because Ui:: ConvDialog is not a derived class of QObject and thus has n't got a staticMetaObject member .
Doing so will result in a compiling error .
The second member of the d struct is a char array , which contains the literal metadata of the class .
The third member is an unsigned int array .
This array is a table and it contains all the metadata offsets , flags etc .
So , if one wants to enumerate the slots and signals of a class , one would have to go through this table and get the right offsets to obtain the methods names from the stringdata array .
It also references properties and enums .
The fourth member is a null terminated array of QMetaObject classes .
This member provides storage for metadata information for additional classes .
I 've never seen it used , but it is referenced by the QMetaObject_findMetaObject function .
static const QMetaObject * QMetaObject_findMetaObject ( const QMetaObject * self , const char * name ) { while ( self ) { if ( strcmp ( self - > d.stringdata , name ) == 0 ) return self ; if ( self ->d.extradata ) { const QMetaObject **e = self ->d. extradata ; while ( * e ) { if ( const QMetaObject * m = QMetaObject_findMetaObject ((*e ) , name ) ) return m ; ++e ; } } self = self ->d. superdata ; } return self ; }
This function gets called only by the property method , which , in turn , gets called by property Count , property Offset and indexOfProperty .
And here 's the moc generated code for our Counter class :
/**************************************************************************** **
Meta object code from reading C++ file ' sas. h '
** ** Created : Mon 3 . Nov 15:20:11 2008 ** by : The Qt Meta Object Compiler version 59 ( Qt 4.4.3 ) ** ** WARNING !
All changes made in this file will be lost !
*****************************************************************************/
#include " ../ sas.h " # if !defined( Q_MOC_OUTPUT_REVISION ) #error " The header file ' sas.h ' does n't include < QObject > . "
#elif Q_MOC_OUTPUT_REVISION
!= 59 #error " This file was generated using the moc from 4.4.3 .
It " #error " cannot be used with the include files from this version of Qt. " #error " ( The moc has changed too much . ) " #endif QT_BEGIN_MOC_NAMESPACE static const uint qt_meta_data_Counter [ ] = { // content : 1 , // revision 0 , // classname 0 , 0 , // classinfo 2 , 10 , // methods 0 , 0 , // properties 0 , 0 , // enums / sets // signals : signature , parameters , type , tag , flags 18 , 9 , 8 , 8 , 0x05 , // slots : signature , parameters , type , tag , flags 42 , 36 , 8 , 8 , 0x0a , 0 // eod } ; static const char qt_meta_stringdata_Counter [ ] = { " Counter\0\0newValue\0 valueChanged ( int ) \0 " " value\0setValue ( int ) \0 " } ; const QMetaObject Counter::staticMetaObject = { { & QObject::staticMetaObject , qt_meta_stringdata_Counter , qt_meta_data_Counter , 0 } } ; const QMetaObject * Counter:: metaObject ( ) const { return &staticMetaObject ; } void * Counter : : qt_metacast ( const char * _clname ) { if ( ! _clname ) return 0 ; if ( ! strcmp( _clname , qt_meta_stringdata_Counter ) ) return static_cast < void *>( const_cast < Counter *>( this ) ) ; return QObject :: qt_metacast ( _clname ) ; } int Counter : : qt_metacall( QMetaObject :: Call _c , int _id , void ** _a ) { _id = QObject : : qt_metacall(_c , _id , _a ) ; if ( _id < 0 ) return _id ; if ( _c == QMetaObject : : InvokeMetaMethod ) { switch ( _id ) { case 0 : valueChanged ( ( * reinterpret_cast < int ( * ) > ( _a [ 1 ] ) ) ) ; break ; case 1 : setValue ( ( * reinterpret_cast< int ( * ) >( _a [ 1 ] ) ) ) ; break ; } _id -= 2 ; } return _id ; } // SIGNAL 0 void Counter:: valueChanged ( int _t1 ) { void * _a [ ] = { 0 , const_cast < void*>( reinterpret_cast < const void >( &_t1 ) ) } ; QMetaObject ::activate ( this , &staticMetaObject , 0 , _a ) ; } QT_END_MOC_NAMESPACE
The qt_metacall method calls other internal methods of the class by their index .
Qt dynamism relies on indexes , avoiding pointers .
The job of actually calling methods is left to the compiler .
This implementation makes the signals and slots mechanism quite fast .
Arguments are passed through a pointer to pointer array and casted appropriately when calling the method .
Using pointers , of course , is the only way to put all kinds of types in an array .
Arguments start from position 1 , because position 0 is reserved for the data to return .
The signals and slots in the example are declared void and , thus , have no data to return .
If a slot had data to return , the code contained in the switch would look like this :
if ( _c == QMetaObject : : InvokeMetaMethod ) { switch ( _id ) { case 0 : valueChanged ( ( * reinterpret_cast < int ( * ) > ( _a [ 1 ] ) ) ) ; break ; case 1 : setValue ( ( * reinterpret_cast< int ( * ) >( _a [ 1 ] ) ) ) ; break ; case 2 : { int _r = exampleMethod ( ( * reinterpret_cast < int ( * ) > ( _a [ 1 ] ) ) ) ; if ( _a [ 0 ] ) * reinterpret_cast < int *>( _a [ 0 ] ) = _r ; } break ; }
The other interesting method generated by the moc is valueChanged , which represents the code executed to emit the valueChanged signal .
This code calls the activate method of QMetaObject , which is just an overload of this activate method :
void QMetaObject ::activate ( QObject * sender , int from_signal_index , int to_signal_index , void ** argv ) { // [... other code ... ] // emit signals in the following order : from_signal_index <= signals <= to_signal_index , signal < 0 for ( int signal = from_signal_index ; ( signal >= from_signal_index && signal < = to_signal_index ) || ( signal == - 2 ) ; ( signal == to_signal_index ? signal = - 2 : ++signal ) ) { if ( signal > = connectionLists -> count ( ) ) { signal = to_signal_index ; continue ; } const QObjectPrivate :: ConnectionList &connectionList = connectionLists -> at( signal ) ; int count = connectionList.count( ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < count ; ++i ) { const QObjectPrivate :: Connection *c = & connectionList[i ] ; if (! c->receiver ) continue ; QObject * const receiver = c->receiver ; // determine if this connection should be sent immediately or // put into the event queue if ( (c->connection Type == Qt:: AutoConnection && ( currentThreadData != sender ->d_func( )->threadData || receiver -> d_func( )->threadData != sender -> d_func( ) ->threadData ) ) || ( c->connectionType == Qt:: QueuedConnection ) ) { queued_activate ( sender , signal , * c , argv ) ; continue ; } else if ( c->connection Type == Qt: : BlockingQueuedConnection ) { blocking_activate ( sender , signal , * c , argv ) ; continue ; } const int method = c-> method ; QObjectPrivate :: Sender currentSender ; currentSender.sender = sender ; currentSender.signal = signal < 0 ?
from_signal_index : signal ; QObjectPrivate :: Sender * const previousSender = QObjectPrivate::setCurrentSender( receiver , ¤tSender ) ; locker.unlock ( ) ; if ( qt_signal_spy_callback_set.slot_begin_callback !=
0 ) { qt_signal_spy_callback_set.slot_begin_callback( receiver , method , argv ? argv : empty_argv ) ; } # if defined ( QT_NO_EXCEPTIONS ) receiver->qt_metacall( QMetaObject :: InvokeMetaMethod , method , argv ? argv : empty_argv ) ; #else try { receiver->qt_metacall( QMetaObject :: InvokeMetaMethod , method , argv ? argv : empty_argv ) ; } catch ( ... ) { locker.relock ( ) ; QObjectPrivate::resetCurrentSender( receiver , ¤tSender , previousSender ) ; --connectionLists->inUse ; Q_ASSERT(connectionLists->inUse >= 0 ) ; if ( connectionLists -> orphaned && !connectionLists ->inUse ) delete connectionLists ; throw ; } #endif locker.relock ( ) ; if ( qt_signal_spy_callback_set.slot_end_callback != 0 ) qt_signal_spy_callback_set.slot_end_callback( receiver , method ) ; QObjectPrivate::resetCurrentSender( receiver , ¤tSender , previousSender ) ; if ( connectionLists -> orphaned ) break ; } if ( connectionLists - > orphaned ) break ; } --connectionLists ->inUse ; Q_ASSERT(connectionLists->inUse >= 0 ) ; if ( connectionLists -> orphaned && !connectionLists -> inUse ) delete connectionLists ; locker.unlock ( ) ; if ( qt_signal_spy_callback_set.signal_end_callback != 0 ) qt_signal_spy_callback_set.signal_end_callback(sender , from_signal_index ) ; }
This method does lots of stuff , including checking whether the current connection should be processed immediately or put into the event queue .
If so , it calls the appropriate activate method variant and then continues with the next connection in the ConnectionList .
Otherwise , if the connection should be processed immediately , the id of the method to call is retrived from the current connection and the qt_metacall method of the receiver gets called .
To simplify the execution flow :
const QObjectPrivate:: ConnectionList &connectionList = connectionLists -> at( signal ) ; int count = connectionList.count( ) ; for ( int i = 0 ; i < count ; ++i ) { const QObjectPrivate :: Connection *c = & connectionList[i ] ; QObject * const receiver = c->receiver ; const int method = c-> method ; receiver->qt_metacall( QMetaObject :: InvokeMetaMethod , method , argv ? argv : empty_argv ) ;
And this tells us all we need to know about the internals of signals and slots .
When calling the connect function , the signal and slot signatures are converted to their ids , which are then stored in the Connection class .
Everytime a signal is emitted , the connections for the signal 's id are retrieved and their slots are called by their ids .
The last part which needs to be discussed are dynamic invokes .
The QMetaObject class offers the invokeMethod method to dinamically call a method .
This method is a bit different than signals and slots , because it needs to build a signature for the method to call from its return type , name and arguments types , and then look up the metadata to retrieve its id , before calling the qt_metacall method of the object .
bool QMetaObject::invokeMethod( QObject * obj , const char * member , Qt:: ConnectionType type , QGenericReturnArgument ret , QGenericArgument val0 , QGenericArgument val1 , QGenericArgument val2 , QGenericArgument val3 , QGenericArgument val4 , QGenericArgument val5 , QGenericArgument val6 , QGenericArgument val7 , QGenericArgument val8 , QGenericArgument val9 ) { if ( ! obj ) return false ; QVarLengthArray < char , 512 > sig ; int len = qstrlen ( member ) ; if ( len <= 0 ) return false ; sig.append ( member , len ) ; sig.append ( ' ( ' ) ; enum { MaximumParamCount = 11 } ; const char * typeNames [ ] = { ret.name( ) , val0.name ( ) , val1.name ( ) , val2.name ( ) , val3.name ( ) , val4.name ( ) , val5.name ( ) , val6.name ( ) , val7.name ( ) , val8.name ( ) , val9.name ( ) } ; int paramCount ; for ( paramCount = 1 ; paramCount < MaximumParamCount ; ++paramCount ) { len = qstrlen( typeNames[ paramCount ] ) ; if ( len <= 0 ) break ; sig.append(typeNames[paramCount ] , len ) ; sig.append ( ' , ' ) ; } if ( paramCount == 1 ) sig.append ( ' ) ' ) ; // no parameters else sig[ sig.size ( ) - 1 ] = ' ) ' ; sig .
append ( ' \0 ' ) ; int idx = obj-> metaObject ()->indexOfMethod(sig.constData( ) ) ; if ( idx < 0 ) { QByteArray norm = QMetaObject::normalizedSignature(sig.constData( ) ) ; idx = obj-> metaObject()->indexOfMethod(norm.constData( ) ) ; } if ( idx < 0 ) return false ; // check return type if ( ret.data ( ) ) { const char * retType = obj->metaObject ()-> method(idx ).typeName ( ) ; if ( qstrcmp ( ret.name ( ) , retType ) !=
0 ) { // normalize the return value as well // the trick here is to make a function signature out of the return type // so that we can call normalized Signature ( ) and avoid duplicating code QByteArray unnormalized ; int len = qstrlen ( ret.name ( ) ) ; unnormalized.reserve( len + 3 ) ; unnormalized = " _ ( " ; // the function is called " _ " unnormalized.append(ret.name ( ) ) ; unnormalized.append ( ' ) ' ) ; QByteArray normalized = QMetaObject::normalizedSignature(unnormalized.constData( ) ) ; normalized.truncate(normalized.length ( ) - 1 ) ; // drop the ending ' ) ' if ( qstrcmp( normalized.constData( ) + 2 , retType ) !=
0 ) return false ; } } void * param [ ] = { ret.data( ) , val0.data( ) , val1.data ( ) , val2.data ( ) , val3.data ( ) , val4.data ( ) , val5.data ( ) , val6.data ( ) , val7.data ( ) , val8.data ( ) , val9.data ( ) } ; if ( type == Qt: : AutoConnection ) { type = QThread::currentThread ( ) == obj -> thread ( ) ?
Qt::DirectConnection : Qt:: QueuedConnection ; } if ( type == Qt:: DirectConnection ) { return obj->qt_metacall( QMetaObject :: InvokeMetaMethod , idx , param ) < 0 ; } else { if ( ret.data ( ) ) { qWarning ( " QMetaObject ::invokeMethod : Unable to invoke methods with return values in queued " " connections " ) ; return false ; } int nargs = 1 ; // include return type void ** args = ( void **) qMalloc( paramCount * sizeof ( void *) ) ; int * types = ( int *) qMalloc ( paramCount * sizeof ( int ) ) ; types [ 0 ] = 0 ; // return type args [ 0 ] = 0 ; for ( int i = 1 ; i < paramCount ; ++i ) { types [ i ] = QMetaType::type(typeNames[i ] ) ; if ( types [i ] ) { args [ i ] = QMetaType::construct( types[i ] , param [ i ] ) ; ++ nargs ; } else if ( param[i ] ) { qWarning ( " QMetaObject :: invokeMethod : Unable to handle unregistered datatype ' %s ' " , typeNames [ i ] ) ; for ( int x = 1 ; x < i ; ++x ) { if ( types [ x ] && args [ x ] ) QMetaType ::destroy( types[x ] , args [ x ] ) ; } qFree( types ) ; qFree( args ) ; return false ; } } if ( type == Qt: : QueuedConnection ) { QCoreApplication :: postEvent ( obj , new QMetaCallEvent ( idx , 0 , - 1 , nargs , types , args ) ) ; } else { if ( QThread : : currentThread ( ) == obj -> thread ( ) ) { qWarning ( " QMetaObject ::invokeMethod : Dead lock detected in Blocking QueuedConnection : " " Receiver is %s ( %p ) " , obj->metaObject ( ) -> className( ) , obj ) ; } // blocking queued connection #ifdef QT_NO_THREAD QCoreApplication :: postEvent ( obj , new QMetaCallEvent ( idx , 0 , - 1 , nargs , types , args ) ) ; #else QSemaphore semaphore ; QCoreApplication :: postEvent ( obj , new QMetaCallEvent ( idx , 0 , - 1 , nargs , types , args , & semaphore ) ) ; semaphore.acquire ( ) ; #endif // QT_NO_THREAD
} } return true ; }
The method id is retrieved through indexOfMethod .
If the method signature can't be found , invokeMethod returns false .
And this should give you a general idea about Qt internals .
Reversing
When reversing we want to use all the metadata Qt offers .
In order to do that , let 's reconsider the metadata table :
QT_BEGIN_MOC_NAMESPACE static const uint qt_meta_data_Counter [ ] = { // content : 1 , // revision 0 , // classname 0 , 0 , // classinfo 2 , 10 , // methods 0 , 0 , // properties 0 , 0 , // enums / sets // signals : signature , parameters , type , tag , flags 18 , 9 , 8 , 8 , 0x05 , // slots : signature , parameters , type , tag , flags 42 , 36 , 8 , 8 , 0x0a , 0 // eod } ;
As one can notice , the table tells us not only the method count , but also the offset of the methods ( 10 ) .
Here 's the C++ declared header of this structure :
struct QMetaObjectPrivate { int revision ; int className ; int classInfoCount , classInfoData ; int methodCount , methodData ; int propertyCount , propertyData ; int enumeratorCount , enumeratorData ; } ;
This structure is contained in " qmetaobject.cpp " like the rest of the information we need to parse the metadata table .
Before taking into account properties and enums , let 's consider methods .
We already have the method count and offset , what now has to be analyzed is the data of methods itself .
This data is subdivided into five integers , which represent according to the moc : signature , parameters , type , tag , flags .
The signature field is an offset into the string data and refers a partial declaration ( without return type ) of the method : valueChanged ( int ) .
The parameters field is another offset to the names of the arguments .
Yes , the names : ' newValue ' .
The names are separated by commas , so if our slot had two arguments , it would display : ' newValue1, newValue2 ' .
The type field refers the return type of the method .
If it 's an empty string , like in our case , then the method is declared as void .
The tag field is unused for the moment .
I paste you the description found in the sources : " Tags are special macros recognized by moc that make it possible to add extra information about a method .
For the moment , moc does n't support any special tags . " .
The last field flags is not an offset , but , as the name suggests , flags .
Here 's the list of possible flags :
enum MethodFlags { AccessPrivate = 0x00 , AccessProtected = 0x01 , AccessPublic = 0x02 , AccessMask = 0x03 , // mask MethodMethod = 0x00 , MethodSignal = 0x04 , MethodSlot = 0x08 , MethodTypeMask = 0x0 c , MethodCompatibility = 0x10 , MethodCloned = 0x20 , MethodScriptable = 0x40 } ;
This is all we need to know about methods .
Let 's now consider enums and properties .
For this purpose I added one of each to the code example above :
class Counter : public QObject { Q_OBJECT Q_PROPERTY ( Priority priority READ priority WRITE setPriority ) Q_ENUMS ( Priority ) public : Counter ( ) { m_value = 0 ; } ; enum Priority { High , Low , VeryHigh , VeryLow } ; void setPriority ( Priority priority ) { m_priority = priority ; } ; Priority priority ( ) const { return m_priority ; } ; int value ( ) const { return m_value ; } ; public slots : void setValue ( int value ) { if ( value != m_value ) { m_value = value ; emit valueChanged ( value ) ; } } ; signals : void valueChanged ( int newValue ) ; private : int m_value ; Priority m_priority ; } ;
And the moc generates :
static const uint qt_meta_data_Counter [ ] = { // content : 1 , // revision 0 , // classname 0 , 0 , // classinfo 2 , 10 , // methods 1 , 20 , // properties 1 , 23 , // enums / sets // signals : signature , parameters , type , tag , flags 18 , 9 , 8 , 8 , 0x05 , // slots : signature , parameters , type , tag , flags 42 , 36 , 8 , 8 , 0x0a , // properties : name , type , flags 65 , 56 , 0x0009510b , // enums : name , flags , count , data 56 , 0x0 , 4 , 27 , // enum data : key , value 74 , uint ( Counter : : High ) , 79 , uint ( Counter : : Low ) , 83 , uint ( Counter : : VeryHigh ) , 92 , uint ( Counter : : VeryLow ) , 0 // eod } ; static const char qt_meta_stringdata_Counter [ ] = { " Counter\0\0newValue\0valueChanged ( int ) \0 " " value\0setValue( int ) \0 Priority \0priority\0 " " High\0Low\0VeryHigh\0VeryLow\0 " } ;
Again , we have the properties and enums count and their offsets .
Let 's start with properties .
The data of properties is made of 3 integers : name , type , flags .
The name field refers , of course , the name .
The type field refers the type of the property , in our case : Priority .
Finally , the flags field contains flags and here 's the list :
enum PropertyFlags { Invalid = 0x00000000 , Readable = 0x00000001 , Writable = 0x00000002 , Resettable = 0x00000004 , EnumOrFlag = 0x00000008 , StdCppSet = 0x00000100 , // Override = 0x00000200 , Designable = 0x00001000 , ResolveDesignable = 0x00002000 , Scriptable = 0x00004000 , ResolveScriptable = 0x00008000 , Stored = 0x00010000 , ResolveStored = 0x00020000 , Editable = 0x00040000 , ResolveEditable = 0x00080000 , User = 0x00100000 , ResolveUser = 0x00200000 } ;
Let 's consider now the enum : name , flags , count , data .
We already know what the name field is by now .
The flags field is n't used .
The count field represents the numbers of items contained in the enum .
The data field is an offset into the metadata table and points to the items of the enum .
Every item is represented by two integers : key , value .
The key field points to the name of the current item , whereas value is the actual value of the item .
In order to retrieve the metadata information from a binary file , I wrote a script for IDA .
I wrote the script in Python thanks to the IDAPython plugin .
Many reasons for using Python : writing the same code with IDC script would be way too much effort and Python can be re-used even outside IDA .
The script extracts methods , properties and enums from the layout of a Q_OBJECT class .
You can download it from here .
Here 's the code :
# --------------------------------------------- # MetaData Parser Class #
---------------------------------------------
# change for 64 bit exes b64bit =
False # i'm assuming that the exe is Little Endian # the external methods used by this class are Byte( addr ) and Dword ( addr ) def AddressSize ( ) : if b64bit == True : return 8 return 4 def ReadAddress ( addr ) : if b64bit == True : return ( Dword ( addr+4 ) << 32 ) | Dword ( addr ) return Dword ( addr ) class MetaParser : def __init__ ( self , stringsaddr , tableaddr ) : self .
MetaStrings = stringsaddr self .
MetaTable = tableaddr def ReadString ( self , addr ) : c = addr b = Byte( c ) str = " " while b !=
0 : # set a limit , just in case if ( c - addr ) > 1000 : return " error " str += chr ( b ) c += 1 b = Byte( c ) return str # read metadata " " " struct QMetaObjectPrivate { int revision ; int className ; int classInfoCount , classInfoData ; int methodCount , methodData ; int propertyCount , propertyData ; int enumeratorCount , enumeratorData ; } ; " " " # ---------------------------------------------
# enums ( quick way to convert them to python ) #
--------------------------------------------- class Enum : def __init__( self , **entries ) : self.__dict__.update(entries ) MethodFlags = Enum ( \ AccessPrivate = 0x00 , \ AccessProtected = 0x01 , \ AccessPublic = 0x02 , \ AccessMask = 0x03 , \ MethodMethod = 0x00 , \ MethodSignal = 0x04 , \ MethodSlot = 0x08 , \ MethodTypeMask = 0x0 c , \ MethodCompatibility = 0x10 , \ MethodCloned = 0x20 , \ MethodScriptable = 0x40 ) PropertyFlags = Enum ( \ Invalid = 0x00000000 , \ Readable = 0x00000001 , \ Writable = 0x00000002 , \ Resettable = 0x00000004 , \ EnumOrFlag = 0x00000008 , \ StdCppSet = 0x00000100 , \ Designable = 0x00001000 , \ ResolveDesignable = 0x00002000 , \ Scriptable = 0x00004000 , \ ResolveScriptable = 0x00008000 , \ Stored = 0x00010000 , \ ResolveStored = 0x00020000 , \ Editable = 0x00040000 , \ ResolveEditable = 0x00080000 , \ User = 0x00100000 , \ ResolveUser = 0x00200000 ) # ---------------------------------------------
# methods #
--------------------------------------------- def GetClassName( self ) : stringaddr = Dword( self.MetaTable + 4 ) + self .
MetaStrings return self.ReadString ( stringaddr ) def GetMethodNumber( self ) : return Dword( self .
MetaTable + 16 ) def GetMethodSignature ( self , method_index ) : if method_index >= self .
GetMethodNumber ( ) : return " error : method index out of range " method_offset = ( Dword(self.
MetaTable + 20 ) * 4 ) + ( method_index * ( 5 * 4 ) ) # get accessibility access_flags = self .
GetMethodAccess ( method_index ) access_type = " private : " if access_flags == self .
MethodFlags .
AccessProtected : access_type = " protected : " elif access_flags == self .
MethodFlags .
AccessPublic : access_type = " public : " # read return type rettype = self .
ReadString ( Dword ( self .MetaTable + method_offset + 8 ) + self .
MetaStrings ) if rettype == " " : rettype = " void " # read partial signature psign = self .
ReadString ( Dword( self.MetaTable + method_offset ) + self .
MetaStrings ) # retrieve argument types par_index = psign.find ( " ( " ) arg_types = psign [ ( par_index + 1 ) :( len( psign ) - 1 ) ].split ( " , " ) # read argument names arg_names = self .
ReadString ( Dword ( self .MetaTable + method_offset + 4 ) \ + self.
MetaStrings ) .split( " , " ) # if argument types and names are not the same number , # then show signature without argument names if len( arg_types ) != len( arg_names ) : return access_type + rettype + " " + psign # build signatrue with argument names ntypes = len( arg_types ) x = 0 args = " " while x < ntypes : if x != 0 : args += " , " if arg_types [ x ] == " " : args += arg_names [ x ] elif arg_names [ x ] == " " : args += arg_types[x ] else : args += ( arg_types [ x ] + " " + arg_names [x ] ) # increment loop x += 1 return access_type + rettype + " " + psign [ 0 :( par_index + 1 ) ] + args + " ) " def GetMethodFlags ( self , method_index ) : if method_index >= self.GetMethodNumber ( ) : return - 1 method_offset = ( Dword(self.
MetaTable + 20 ) * 4 ) + ( method_index * ( 5 * 4 ) ) return Dword ( self .
MetaTable + method_offset + 16 ) def GetMethodType(self , method_index ) : return self .
GetMethodFlags ( method_index ) & self .
MethodFlags.MethodTypeMask def GetMethodAccess ( self , method_index ) : return self .
GetMethodFlags ( method_index ) & self .
MethodFlags.AccessMask def GetPropertyNumber( self ) : return Dword( self .
MetaTable + 24 ) def GetPropertyDecl( self , property_index ) : if property_index >= self.
GetPropertyNumber ( ) : return " error : property index out of range " property_offset = ( Dword (self .
MetaTable + 28 ) * 4 ) + ( property_index * ( 3 * 4 ) ) # read name pr_name = self .
ReadString ( Dword( self.MetaTable + property_offset ) + self .
MetaStrings ) # read type pr_type = self .
ReadString ( Dword ( self .MetaTable + property_offset + 4 ) + self .
MetaStrings ) return pr_type + " " + pr_name def GetPropertyFlags ( self , property_index ) : if property_index >= self.GetPropertyNumber ( ) : return - 1 property_offset = ( Dword (self.
MetaTable + 28 ) * 4 ) + ( property_index * ( 3 * 4 ) ) return Dword ( self .
MetaTable + property_offset + 8 ) def PropertyFlagsToString ( self , flags ) : if flags == 0 : return " Invalid " fstr = " " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags .
Readable : fstr += " | Readable " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags .
Writable : fstr += " | Writable " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags .
Resettable : fstr += " | Resettable " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags.EnumOrFlag : fstr += " | EnumOrFlag " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags .
StdCppSet : fstr += " | StdCppSet " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags .
Designable : fstr += " | Designable " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags .ResolveDesignable : fstr += " | ResolveDesignable " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags .
Scriptable : fstr += " | Scriptable " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags.ResolveScriptable : fstr += " | ResolveScriptable " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags .
Stored : fstr += " | Stored " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags .ResolveStored : fstr += " | ResolveStored " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags .
Editable : fstr += " | Editable " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags .
ResolveEditable : fstr += " | ResolveEditable " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags .
User : fstr += " | User " if flags & self .
PropertyFlags.ResolveUser : fstr += " | ResolveUser " return fstr [ 3 :] def GetEnumNumber( self ) : return Dword( self .
MetaTable + 32 ) def GetEnumDecl ( self , enum_index ) : if enum_index >= self.
GetPropertyNumber ( ) : return " error : property index out of range " enum_offset = ( Dword(self.
MetaTable + 36 ) * 4 ) + ( enum_index * ( 4 * 4 ) ) # read name enum_name = self .
ReadString ( Dword( self.MetaTable + enum_offset ) + self .
MetaStrings ) # read number of items items_num = Dword ( self .
MetaTable + enum_offset +
8 ) # items addr items_addr = ( Dword ( self .
MetaTable + enum_offset + 12 ) * 4 ) + self .
MetaTable decl = " enum " + enum_name + "
{
" # add items x = 0 while x < items_num : # read item name item_name = self .
ReadString ( Dword ( items_addr ) + self .
MetaStrings ) # read data item_data =
" 0x%X " % Dword ( items_addr +
4 ) # add decl += " " + item_name + " = " + item_data + " ,
" # inc loop x += 1 items_addr += 8 decl += "
} ; " return decl #
--------------------------------------------- # Display MetaData #
--------------------------------------------- def DisplayMethod ( parser , method_index ) : print ( str( method_index ) + " - " + parser.GetMethodSignature( method_index ) ) def DisplayProperty ( parser , property_index ) : print ( str( property_index ) + " - " + parser.GetPropertyDecl(property_index ) ) flags = parser . GetPropertyFlags ( property_index ) print ( " flags : " + parser.PropertyFlagsToString( flags ) ) def DisplayEnum ( parser , enum_index ) : print ( " [ " + str( enum_index ) + " ]
" + parser.GetEnumDecl( enum_index ) + "
" ) def DisplayMetaData ( stringsaddr , tableaddr ) : parser = MetaParser ( stringsaddr , tableaddr ) print ( "
-------------------------------------------------" ) print ( " --- " + " Qt MetaData Displayer by Daniel Pistelli " ) print ( " --- " + " metadata of the class : " + parser.GetClassName( ) + "
" ) num_methods = parser .
GetMethodNumber ( ) num_properties = parser.GetPropertyNumber ( ) num_enums = parser.GetEnumNumber ( ) #
---------------------------------------------
# methods #
--------------------------------------------- # signals print ( " --- Signals :
" ) x = 0 while x < num_methods : # print if it's a signal if parser .
GetMethodType(x ) == parser .
MethodFlags.MethodSignal : DisplayMethod ( parser , x ) # increment loop x += 1 # slots print ( "
---
Slots :
" ) x = 0 while x < num_methods : # print if it 's a slot if parser .
GetMethodType(x ) == parser .
MethodFlags.MethodSlot : DisplayMethod ( parser , x ) # increment loop x += 1 # other methods print ( "
--- Other Methods :
" ) x = 0 while x < num_methods : # print if it 's a slot if parser .
GetMethodType(x ) == parser .
MethodFlags.MethodMethod : DisplayMethod ( parser , x ) # increment loop x += 1 # --------------------------------------------- # properties #
--------------------------------------------- print ( "
--- Properties :
" ) x = 0 while x < num_properties : DisplayProperty ( parser , x ) # increment loop x += 1 # ---------------------------------------------
# enums #
--------------------------------------------- print ( "
--- Enums :
" ) x = 0 while x < num_enums : DisplayEnum ( parser , x ) # increment loop x += 1 print ( "-------------------------------------------------
" ) # ---------------------------------------------
# Main #
--------------------------------------------- addrtoparse = ScreenEA ( ) if addrtoparse != 0 : stringsaddr = ReadAddress ( addrtoparse + AddressSize ( ) ) tableaddr = ReadAddress ( addrtoparse + AddressSize ( ) * 2 ) if stringsaddr != 0 or tableaddr != 0 : DisplayMetaData ( stringsaddr , tableaddr )
I 'll explain how to reach the metadata of a class in a moment .
The DisplayMetaData function accepts two parameters : the metadata table address and the metadata strings address .
That 's because sometimes it happens that the layout of a class is set at runtime like this VC ++ applications does :
.text:00401D60 sub_401D60 proc near ; DATA XREF : .rdata:00402108 .text:00401D60 push ebp .text:00401D61 mov ebp , esp .text:00401D63 mov eax , ds:?staticMetaObject@QObject@@2UQMetaObject@@B
; QMetaObject const QObject::staticMetaObject .text:00401D68 mov dword_403070 , eax .text :00401D6D mov dword_403074 , offset Str2 ; " Counter " .text:00401D77 mov dword_403078 , offset unk_4021A8 .text:00401D81 mov dword_40307C , 0 .text :00401D8B pop ebp .text:00401D8C retn .text:00401D8C sub_401D60 endp
Sometimes , the layout is already set in the physical file :
.data:00406000 dd 0 ; SuperData .data:00406004 dd offset MetaStrings ; " Counter " .data:00406008 dd offset MetaTable
In that case , the script can be directly launched at the address of the SuperData item , which is the first one of the d struct inside QMetaObject .
The output of the script for the above Counter class is :
-------------------------------------------------
--- Qt MetaData Displayer by Daniel Pistelli
--- metadata of the class : Counter
--- Signals :
0 - protected : void valueChanged ( int newValue )
---
Slots :
1 - public : void setValue ( int value )
--- Other Methods :
--- Properties :
0 - Priority priority
flags : Readable | Writable | EnumOrFlag | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
--- Enums :
[ 0 ]
enum Priority
{
High = 0x0 ,
Low = 0x1 ,
VeryHigh = 0x2 ,
VeryLow = 0x3 ,
} ;
-------------------------------------------------
Nice , is n't it ?
The signature of the methods contain even argument names ( when available ) .
To check the quality of the script , I tested it on the larger class QWidget inside the module ' QtGui4 ' .
Here 's the result :
-------------------------------------------------
--- Qt MetaData Displayer by Daniel Pistelli
--- metadata of the class : QWidget
--- Signals :
0 - protected : void customContextMenuRequested ( QPoint pos )
---
Slots :
1 - public : void setEnabled ( bool )
2 - public : void setDisabled ( bool )
3 - public : void setWindowModified ( bool )
4 - public : void setWindowTitle( QString )
5 - public : void setStyleSheet ( QString styleSheet )
6 - public : void setFocus ( )
7 - public : void update ( )
8 - public : void repaint ( )
9 - public : void setVisible ( bool visible )
10 - public : void setHidden ( bool hidden )
11 - public : void show ( )
12 - public : void hide ( )
13 - public : void setShown ( bool shown )
14 - public : void showMinimized ( )
15 - public : void showMaximized ( )
16 - public : void showFullScreen ()
17 - public : void showNormal ( )
18 - public : bool close ( )
19 - public : void raise ( )
20 - public : void lower ( )
21 - protected : void updateMicroFocus ()
22 - private : void _q_showIfNotHidden ( )
--- Other Methods :
--- Properties :
0 - bool modal
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
1 - Qt:: WindowModality windowModality
flags : Readable | Writable | EnumOrFlag | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
2 - bool enabled
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
3 - QRect geometry
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
4 - QRect frameGeometry
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
5 - QRect normalGeometry
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
6 - int x
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
7 - int y
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
8 - QPoint pos
flags : Readable | Writable | Scriptable | ResolveEditable
9 - QSize frameSize
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
10 - QSize size
flags : Readable | Writable | Scriptable | ResolveEditable
11 - int width
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
12 - int height
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
13 - QRect rect
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
14 - QRect childrenRect
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
15 - QRegion childrenRegion
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
16 - QSizePolicy sizePolicy
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
17 - QSize minimumSize
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
18 - QSize maximumSize
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
19 - int minimumWidth
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Scriptable | ResolveEditable
20 - int minimumHeight
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Scriptable | ResolveEditable
21 - int maximumWidth
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Scriptable | ResolveEditable
22 - int maximumHeight
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Scriptable | ResolveEditable
23 - QSize sizeIncrement
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
24 - QSize baseSize
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
25 - QPalette palette
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
26 - QFont font
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
27 - QCursor cursor
flags : Readable | Writable | Resettable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
28 - bool mouseTracking
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
29 - bool isActiveWindow
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
30 - Qt:: FocusPolicy focusPolicy
flags : Readable | Writable | EnumOrFlag | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
31 - bool focus
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
32 - Qt::ContextMenuPolicy contextMenuPolicy
flags : Readable | Writable | EnumOrFlag | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
33 - bool updatesEnabled
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
34 - bool visible
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
35 - bool minimized
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
36 - bool maximized
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
37 - bool fullScreen
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
38 - QSize sizeHint
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
39 - QSize minimumSizeHint
flags : Readable | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
40 - bool acceptDrops
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
41 - QString windowTitle
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
42 - QIcon windowIcon
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
43 - QString windowIconText
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
44 - double windowOpacity
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
45 - bool windowModified
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
46 - QString toolTip
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
47 - QString statusTip
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
48 - QString whatsThis
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
49 - QString accessibleName
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
50 - QString accessibleDescription
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
51 - Qt::LayoutDirection layoutDirection
flags : Readable | Writable | Resettable | EnumOrFlag | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
52 - bool autoFillBackground
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
53 - QString styleSheet
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
54 - QLocale locale
flags : Readable | Writable | Resettable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
55 - QString windowFilePath
flags : Readable | Writable | StdCppSet | Designable | Scriptable | Stored | ResolveEditable
--- Enums :
-------------------------------------------------
The output is 100 % right when compared against the QWidget source code .
Now , I 'll show you how to find the metadata of a class .
Let 's consider the allocation of the Counter class :
.text:004012F2 mov eax , ds : _ZN7QObjectC2EPS_ .text:004012F7 mov [ esp+88h+var_84 ] , ecx .text :004012 FB mov [ ebp+var_3C ] , 2 .text:00401302 call eax ; _ZN7QObjectC2EPS_ .text:00401304 mov eax , [ ebp+var_4C ] . text :00401307 mov dword ptr [ eax ] , offset virtual_ptrs
The last instruction of the assembly above sets the vtable pointer .
The vtable of a Q_OBJECT class looks this :
.rdata:00402158 off_402158 dd offset metaObject .rdata:0040215C dd offset qt_metacast .rdata:00402160 dd offset qt_metacall
The method metaObject can be used to obtain the metadata tables :
.text:00401430 metaObject proc near .text:00401430 push ebp .text:00401431 mov eax , offset dword_406000 ; QMetaObject class layout .text:00401436 mov ebp , esp .text:00401438 pop ebp .text:00401439 retn .text:00401439 metaObject endp
dword_406000 refers the class layout of QMetaObject , which we need to execute the script .
The next step , after retrieving the metadata of a class , is linking method ( and property ) names to their actual disassembled code .
The script prints the index of each method and property .
To obtain a method address from an index , it is necessary to consider the qt_metacall method generated by the moc :
int Counter: : qt_metacall( QMetaObject :: Call _c , int _id , void ** _a ) { _id = QObject : : qt_metacall(_c , _id , _a ) ; if ( _id < 0 ) return _id ; if ( _c == QMetaObject : : InvokeMetaMethod ) { switch ( _id ) { case 0 : valueChanged ( ( * reinterpret_cast < int ( * ) > ( _a [ 1 ] ) ) ) ; break ; case 1 : setValue ( ( * reinterpret_cast< int ( * ) >( _a [ 1 ] ) ) ) ; break ; } _id -= 2 ; } #ifndef QT_NO_PROPERTIES
else if ( _c == QMetaObject :: ReadProperty ) { void * _v = _a[ 0 ] ; switch ( _id ) { case 0 : * reinterpret_cast < Priority *>( _v ) = priority ( ) ; break ; } _id -= 1 ; } else if ( _c == QMetaObject : : WriteProperty ) { void * _v = _a[ 0 ] ; switch ( _id ) { case 0 : setPriority ( * reinterpret_cast < Priority *>( _v ) ) ; break ; } _id -= 1 ; } else if ( _c == QMetaObject : : ResetProperty ) { _id -= 1 ; } else if ( _c == QMetaObject :: QueryPropertyDesignable ) { _id -= 1 ; } else if ( _c == QMetaObject :: QueryPropertyScriptable ) { _id -= 1 ; } else if ( _c == QMetaObject :: QueryPropertyStored ) { _id -= 1 ; } else if ( _c == QMetaObject :: QueryPropertyEditable ) { _id -= 1 ; } else if ( _c == QMetaObject :: QueryPropertyUser ) { _id -= 1 ; } #endif // QT_NO_PROPERTIES
return _id ; }
This method can solve both method names and property get / set method names .
The address of qt_metacall is obtained from the vtable .
Before analyzing the code of this method , it is necessary to take into account this enum :
enum Call { InvokeMetaMethod , // 0 ReadProperty , // 1 WriteProperty , // 2 ResetProperty , // 3 QueryPropertyDesignable , // 4 QueryPropertyScriptable , // 5 QueryPropertyStored , // 6 QueryPropertyEditable , // 7 QueryPropertyUser // 8 } ;
Now the disassembly :
.text:004014D0 qt_metacall proc near .
text :004014D0 .text:004014D0 var_28 = dword ptr - 28h .text :004014D0 var_24 = dword ptr - 24h .text :004014D0 var_20 = dword ptr - 20h . text :004014D0 var_1C = dword ptr - 1Ch . text :004014D0 var_10 = dword ptr - 10h . text :004014D0 var_C = dword ptr - 0Ch . text :004014D0 var_8 = dword ptr - 8 . text :004014D0 var_4 = dword ptr - 4 . text :004014D0 arg_0 = dword ptr 8 . text :004014D0 arg_4 = dword ptr 0Ch . text :004014D0 arg_8 = dword ptr 10h . text :004014D0 arg_C = dword ptr 14h .
text:004014D0 .text:004014D0 push ebp .text:004014D1 mov ebp , esp .text :004014D3 sub esp , 28h .text :004014D6 mov [ ebp+var_C ] , ebx .text :004014D9 mov eax , [ ebp+arg_0 ] . text :004014 DC mov ebx , [ ebp+arg_8 ] .text :004014DF mov [ ebp+var_8 ] , esi .text :004014E2 mov esi , [ ebp+arg_4 ] ; esi = _c .text :004014E5 mov [ ebp+var_4 ] , edi .text :004014E8 mov edi , [ ebp+arg_C ] .text :004014EB mov [ ebp+var_10 ] , eax .text :004014EE mov [ esp+28h+var_20 ] , ebx .text :004014F2 mov [ esp+28h+var_1C ] , edi .text :004014F6 mov [ esp+28h+var_24 ] , esi .text :004014FA mov [ esp+28h+var_28 ] , eax .text :004014 FD call _ZN7QObject11qt_metacallEN11QMetaObject4CallEiPPv .text:00401502 test eax , eax ; eax = _id . text :00401504 mov ebx , eax . text :00401506 js short loc_40151C ; _id < 0 ? . text :00401508 test esi , esi .text :0040150A jnz short loc_401530 ; _c != InvokeMetaMethod .text:0040150C test eax , eax ; _id == 0 ?
. text :0040150E jz loc_4015B8 .text:00401514 cmp eax , 1 ; _id == 1 ? . text :00401517 jz short loc_401590
If the esi register is n't equal to 0 , then it's an InvokeMetaMethod call .
The switich is represented by the last instructions .
Let 's follow the " _id == 0 " case :
.text:004015B8 loc_4015B8 : .text :004015B8 mov eax , [ edi+4 ] . text :004015 BB mov edx , [ ebp+var_10 ] .text :004015 BE mov eax , [ eax ] .text :004015C0 mov [ esp+28h+var_28 ] , edx .text :004015C3 mov [ esp+28h+var_24 ] , eax .text :004015C7 call sub_401490
So , we can now establish that sub_401490 really is the valueChanged signal :
.text:00401490 ; void __cdecl signal_valueChanged ( int this , int newValue ) .
text:00401490 signal_valueChanged proc near .text:00401490 .text:00401490 var_18 = dword ptr - 18h . text:00401490 var_14 = dword ptr - 14h . text :00401490 var_10 = dword ptr - 10h . text :00401490 var_C = dword ptr - 0Ch . text :00401490 var_8 = dword ptr - 8 . text :00401490 var_4 = dword ptr - 4 . text :00401490 this = dword ptr 8 . text:00401490 newValue = dword ptr 0Ch .
text:00401490 .text:00401490 push ebp .text:00401491 xor ecx , ecx .text:00401493 mov ebp , esp .text:00401495 lea eax , [ ebp+newValue ] .text:00401498 sub esp , 18h .text :0040149B mov [ ebp+var_8 ] , 0 .text :004014A2 mov edx , offset dword_406000 .text:004014A7 mov [ ebp+var_4 ] , eax .text :004014
AA lea eax , [ ebp+var_8 ] . text :004014 AD mov [ esp+18h+var_C ] , eax .text :004014B1 mov eax , [ ebp+this ] .text :004014B4 mov [ esp+18h+var_10 ] , ecx .text :004014B8 mov [ esp+18h+var_14 ] , edx .text :004014BC mov [ esp+18h+var_18 ] , eax .text :004014
BF call ds : _ZN11QMetaObject8activateEP7QObjectPKS_iPPv .text:004014C5 leave .text:004014C6 retn
Now the method is understandable .
The same approach can be used to solve the get / set method names of properties .
Of course , for a large analysis on a file , a little parser for switch blocks could be written and combined with the Qt MetaData Parser script in order to solve all methods automatically .
However , switch blocks are deeply platform and compiler dependent : thus , that script needs to be modified frequently .
Moreover , small methods are sometimes inlined inside the qt_metacall method , this should be considered when writing such a script .
Conclusions
This article took me just one day and I enjoyed writing it .
Although it 's an easy one , someone might find it useful , also because , in my opinion , the Qt framework will be used more and more by software developers .
Daniel Pistelli
Socceroos World Cup qualifying matches will return to free - to - air television in 2013 when the current broadcast contract ends , federal Communications Minister Stephen Conroy says .
Senator Conroy says the Government will place Socceroos ' matches on the anti-siphoning list - which ensures major sporting events appear on free - to - air television - when the Foxtel contract with the Football Federation of Australia ends in 2013 .
Senator Conroy said while Foxtel had done an excellent job in broadcasting soccer , including the A - League , the Socceroos should be treated like other major national teams .
" We believe that the Socceroos are a national icon in the same way as the Wallabies , the Test cricket , the Kangaroos and a whole range of other sports , " Senator Conroy told reporters .
" We have said that we 'll be putting the ... Socceroos World Cup qualifying matches back on the anti-siphoning list .
" There 's an existing contract at the moment that there will some significant financial penalty for the football federation if we intervene .
" But we have an absolutely clear cut commitment before the election to restore the Socceroos . "
Last night 's World Cup qualifier between the Socceroos and Qatar , which Australia won 4 - 0 , was shown only on Foxtel .
- AAP
Auto bailout provides pretext for assault on US workers
21 November 2008
The events of the past few days have made clear that a proposed $ 25 billion bailout of the US Big Three auto companies is being used to intensify the ruling class offensive against auto workers and the American working class as a whole .
In an entirely cynical manner , the media and politicians of both parties are issuing pseudo - populist denunciations of General Motors , Ford and Chrysler while seizing on the near - collapse of the companies as an opening to rip up union contracts and destroy workers ' pensions , health benefits , wages and working conditions .
This is to be the centerpiece of a ruthless restructuring of the industry , involving the closure of more factories and the destruction of tens of thousands more jobs .
The aim is to provide , in the form of a far smaller and more highly exploitative industry , a source of profitable investment for Wall Street bankers and speculators .
The destruction of auto jobs and gutting of all that remains of the gains won by generations of auto workers since the mass sit - down strikes of the 1930s will be used as a precedent for similar attacks on workers in every sector of the economy and every part of the country .
As with the Chrysler bailout of 1979 - 80 , but on a far broader and even more brutal scale , mass unemployment will be used as a weapon to bludgeon the working class .
Whether through the bankruptcy courts or a bailout bill conditioned on unprecedented concessions — which the United Auto Workers ( UAW ) will accept and help impose — the workers are to be forced to labor for near - poverty wages and be stripped of basic health and retirement benefits .
Following two days of congressional hearings at which politicians on both sides of the aisle berated the CEOs of the Big Three companies and United Auto Workers President Ron Gettelfinger , top congressional Democratic leaders called a snap press conference Thursday afternoon to announce they would delay any vote on an auto bailout bill until December 8 at the earliest .
In the meantime , they declared , the auto companies would have to submit a restructuring plan to guarantee " accountability and viability . "
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and Speaker of the House Nancy Pelosi , flanked by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd , House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank , Joint Economic Committee Chairman Charles Schumer and other top Democrats postured as defenders of the interests of taxpayers and critics of the auto companies .
The subtext , however , was the insistence that any government loan be tied to sweeping concessions by the workers .
The previously unannounced press conference was held only minutes before another group of Democratic and Republican lawmakers was scheduled to speak to the media about a bipartisan plan to use $ 25 billion previously appropriated to help the Big Three produce fuel - efficient vehicles to provide , instead , an immediate cash infusion to avert the bankruptcy of one or more of the companies .
This group , from states with major Big Three facilities , planned to present their measure for a vote before the end of the week .
It too was conditioned on the auto companies presenting a plan to cut jobs and slash workers ' wages and benefits .
By the time they took the podium , however , their plan had been mooted by the intervention of Reid , Pelosi and company .
Clearly , the news conference called by the top Democratic leadership was intended to torpedo the passage of a compromise bailout measure .
Why ?
To make sure than any bailout bill that might eventually be passed contained sufficiently brutal attacks on the workers .
President - Elect Barack Obama , for his part , has solidarized himself with demands for sweeping contract concessions , declaring that any auto bailout be contingent on the industry 's future " viability . "
Among his chief economic advisers is Paul Volcker , the former Wall Street banker who was appointed chairman of the Federal Reserve by Democratic President Jimmy Cater and engineered a massive rise in unemployment , which was used to break the power of the unions and undermine the resistance of the working class to layoffs and wage cuts .
The Chrysler bailout was carried out during his tenure at the Fed .
It is less than two months since these very same Democratic leaders , with the full support of the media , joined with the Bush administration in insisting that the $ 700 billion bailout of Wall Street had to be pushed through immediately , without any public discussion or debate , and without any conditions or penalties on the multi-millionaire bankers whose recklessness , greed and incompetence had brought the financial system to the point of collapse .
The sheer hypocrisy and glaring contradiction between their kowtowing to the banks and their posture toward the auto companies is accounted for by the opportunity of using the auto crisis as a means of settling scores with a powerful section of the industrial working class .
This takes place in the context of a massive media campaign demanding the shutdown of dozens of factories , the wiping out of tens of thousands of jobs and the termination of the auto companies ' health care and pension obligations .
On Thursday , New York Times financial columnist Andrew Ross Sorkin , appearing on ABC News 's " Good Morning America " program , said that restructuring the auto industry meant " you are going to have to effectively break the unions . "
In his Times column earlier in the week , Sorkin opposed a government bailout and called instead for government - sponsored bankruptcy of General Motors .
This was the best way , he insisted , to break the resistance of auto workers to the destruction of their jobs and living standards .
" Part of the problem , " he wrote , " is summed up by comments like this one in the Detroit Free Press , made by Kandy O'Neill , 39 , an assembler at GM 's plant in Lake Orion , Mich. , where she builds the Chevy Malibu and Pontiac G6 .
‘ I think we 've given enough , ' she said about the cuts to her salary and pension plan .
" ‘ Everybody wants to come down hard on the workers , " she said .
" Nobody knows what we do inside there but the people who work there .
It 's hard .
It is not an easy job . ' "
" When you read a line like that you might sympathize with her , " Sorkin wrote , " but then you realize that nothing can be accomplished without bankruptcy . "
Workers are not responsible for the collapse of the US auto industry .
They have no say in the business decisions taken by the owners and top executives , who preside over a corporate dictatorship and then blame workers when their greed and incompetence lead to disaster .
Nor are the workers represented by the UAW , which has functioned as an appendage of the corporations for decades and is concerned solely with defending the interests of the union bureaucracy .
There is only one policy that can defend the interests of auto workers and the working class as a whole .
That is a socialist policy of nationalizing the auto industry and transforming it into a publicly owned enterprise under the democratic control of working people .
This must be carried out in conjunction with the nationalization of the banks under public control , so that economic life can be based on the principle of production for human need , not private profit .
The design , engineering and manufacture of automobiles involve tens of millions of people around the world and vast natural , financial and human resources .
The only way to guarantee decent living standards for all workers and to end destructive national competition is to unite auto workers internationally on the basis of a socialist program .
Jerry White
Information regarding your IRS account .
How helpful would it be if on our individual portals we could easily download copies of our previous tax returns , rep .
contact info , links to online filing forms , etc . ?
Stats about recent projects funded in your vicinity , so you can see how federal funds are being spent in your area .
Votes by your elected officials in Congress , compared against other districts , averages , etc .
RSS feeds on news about our representatives in both the House and Senate .
For instance , we could be notified when our members submit a new bill , or when and how they have voted on an issue .
A customizable calendar of upcoming government - sponsored events like , say , town hall meetings or calls for public comment on policy issues .
A repository of any government reports that you choose to " Save " .
And finally - this is the trickiest one - to create a more universal , Google - like search capability to answer any Frequently Asked Questions ( FAQ ) relating to ANY services offered by the federal government - regardless of branch , cabinet department , or executive agency .
During the campaign , President - Elect Obama repeatedly promised to create a " Google for Government " .
What might this mean ?
Brian McConnell of GigaOm has come up with a terrific list of suggestions .
His basic idea is to allow citizens to create their own personalized web portal for services rendered by the federal government that we each deem the most relevant .
For example , he suggests : McConnell 's vision " is to build an interface that makes government more transparent and more like a vendor or service provider , rather than a faceless abyss for taxpayer dollars " .
This sounds like fabulous PR , but there are a few limitations .
First of all , such a program would only apply to services rendered by the federal government ; not the state and local levels where issues like education and road infrastructure really get hammered out .
Second , raising the visibility of " recent projects funded in your vicinity " would inevitably lead to a rise in earmarks and overall spending ( which both parties have been railing against during the past few years of rising budget deficits ) .
Third , privacy and security are of tremendous concern .
While having a personalized online dashboard might be very convenient for each individual , the problem with centralizing all of your information like Social Security numbers and tax history in one place is that if your account was ever breached by someone else they could wreak absolute havoc over your life .
That said , it 's still the start of a terrific idea .
If I may add a few more suggestions to McConnell 's list ... Let 's all brainstorm and come up with our wish - list .
A proposed correction to an inconsistency in English orthography
English contains exactly zero homophones of " zero " , if one ignores the trivial homophone " zero " , as is usually done .
English also contains exactly one homophone of " one " , namely " won " .
English does indeed contain two homophones of " two " : " too " and " to " .
However , the expected homophones of " three " are missing .
I propose to rectify this inconsistency .
This is sure to make English orthography more consistent and therefore easier for beginners to learn .
I suggest the following : thrie
threigh
thurry
I also suggest the founding of a well - funded institute with the following mission : Determine the meanings of these three new homophones Conduct a public education campaign to establish them in common use Lobby politicians to promote these new words by legislation , educational standards , public funding , or whatever other means are appropriate Investigate the obvious sequel issues : " four " has only " for " and " fore " as homophones ; what should be done about this ?
Obviously , the director of this institute should be a thoughtful , far - seeing individual who will not allow his good judgement to be clouded by the generous salary .
I refer , of course , to myself .
Happy Halloween .
All Hail Discordia . [ Addendum 20081106 : Some readers inexplicably had nothing better to do than to respond to this ridiculous article . ]
[ Other articles in category / lang ] permanent link
Google has reached a landmark agreement with authors and publishers to make millions of books available online , in a deal that includes a $ 125 m ( £ 80 m ) payout and the end to lawsuits filed by companies including Penguin .
The agreement , part of which is subject to the approval of the US District Court in New York , comes after two years of negotiations between the parties and will mark the end of two lawsuits against the Google Book Search tool .
Today 's agreement settles a class action lawsuit filed by the Authors Guild in September 2005 challenging Google 's plans to digitise , search and show snippets of in - copyright books and to share digital copies with libraries without explicit permission .
A month later five major members of the Association of American Publishers – McGraw - Hill , Pearson Education , Penguin , Simon & Schuster and John Wiley – filed a separate suit on similar grounds .
The deal today , described in a joint statement by all parties as " groundbreaking " , will see online access granted for millions of in - copyright materials " and other written materials " in the US through Google Book Search .
Rights holders will be able to control the pricing of online content and access to books .
Under the agreement Google will make payments totalling $ 125 m to be used to establish a Books Rights Registry , to resolve existing claims by authors and publishers and to cover legal fees .
Worldwide holders of US copyrights for written material can register works with the Books Rights Registry and receive compensation from subscriptions from institutions such as universities , book sales , ad revenue " and other possible revenue models " , as well as cash payment for their works that have already been digitised .
Sergey Brin , co-founder of Google , called the deal a " great leap " in the search engine giant 's endeavour to " organise the world 's information " .
Free access will also be made available at participating US libraries that are willing to pay a fee .
There are more than 16,000 libraries in the US .
Libraries at the California , Michigan , Wisconsin and Stanford universities have " provided input " towards the settlement and will make their collections available .
" It is hard work writing a book and even harder work getting paid for it , " said Roy Blount Jr , the president of the Authors Guild .
" As an author , well , we appreciate payment when people use our work .
This makes good sense . "
· To contact the MediaGuardian news desk email editor@mediatheguardian.com or phone 020 7239 9857 .
For all other inquiries please call the main Guardian switchboard on 020 7278 2332 .
· If you are writing a comment for publication , please mark clearly " for publication " .
CANBERRA ( Reuters ) - A German doctor refused permission to live permanently in Australia because his son has Down Syndrome , on Friday promised to fight the decision as an immigration row erupted over his future .
Bernhard Moeller came to Australia two years ago with wife Isabella and three children to work at the Wimmera Base Hospital in rural Victoria state , and was given a temporary visa to help plug a critical doctor shortage in Australia .
But immigration officials refused permission for the Moellers to settle permanently because youngest son Lukas , 13 , failed health tests and was judged by officials as likely to be a permanent drain on taxpayer funding due to his condition .
“ I think they just use my skills as long as it is necessary , but they do n’t welcome my family , ” Moeller told Reuters .
Moeller , from Bad Driburg near Cologne , supervises intensive care for a community of 54,000 people .
He said he was told by officials he was unwelcome because he had a mildly disabled son .
Lukas is able to attend a normal school and play sports including cricket and football .
Moeller is the second German doctor to run into recent difficulties with Australian officials .
Thomas Kossman , chief trauma surgeon at a major Melbourne hospital , was suspended last year and accused of over - billing and carrying out complex surgery he was untrained for .
Kossman says he is the victim a witch - hunt orchestrated by jealous rivals .
Australia has a critical doctor shortage , particularly in regional and rural areas .
Many foreign doctors and nurses have been employed in the over - stretched health system .
Moeller ’s plight prompted thousands of public Internet and radio complaints from across Australia on Friday .
Immigration officials defended their handling of the case , saying the family could seek intervention from Immigration Minister Chris Evans .
Health Minister Nicola Roxon said she would immediately speak to Evans about reversing the decision , and was supported by powerful Victoria state government Premier John Brumby .
“ We understand the importance of having doctors working in our rural and regional communities , ” Roxon said .
BBC -TV : " Set up to steal it again . "
Is 2008 already fixed ?
Friday October 10 , 2008
" A lot of Europeans wonder :
Why are Americans so crazy , they keep reelecting this guy ? "
Well the answer is , we do n't !
They keep stealing these elections !
And they stole it in 2000 , they stole it in 2004 , and they ’re all set up to steal it again ! " - Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on BBC Television Newsnight .
On Friday at 6 pm and 10 pm Eastern Time , BBC America will bust open the story of the systematic attack on US voters that could easily cost Barack Obama the White House .
- Robert F. Kennedy Jr. on BBC Television Newsnight .
On Friday at 6 pm and 10 pm Eastern Time , BBC America will bust open the story of the systematic attack on US voters that could easily cost Barack Obama the White House .
Watch it , beginning Friday night , at www.Gregpalast.com
Newsnight investigative reporter Greg Palast travels from the Native pueblos of New Mexico to the war - zone of the 8 Mile neighborhood of Detroit to meet some of the three million voters who have been disappeared by a GOP campaign draining voter rolls of the victims of the economic collapse .
In Detroit , Palast is bounced out of the local McCain headquarters - housed under the black flag ( literally ) of foreclosure profiteers .
We meet Robert Pratt , a union worker , who fears he will lose his home - and his vote .
Are the Republicans turning a economic devastation into an electoral bonanza ?
BBC Reporter Palast follows the path of investigation laid out by civil rights attorney Robert F. Kennedy Jr. - encountering along the way the Republican Party lawyers , funders - and Karl Rove .
The GOP charges that the Democrats have registered five million fraudulent voters , a claim backed by a recent US government report .
Palast meets the report 's author - who claims her words were turned upside down .
And they
Copyrighted Image ?
DMCA
went to court to stop her from speaking out .
Democrats do n't have clean hands either , as Palast discloses : from the Acoma Pueblo , we find Natives ( almost all Democrats ) who 've had their ballots illegally junked by local Democrats .
But whichever party attacks the poor , it 's McCain that 's the winner .
Newsnight is the British Broadcasting Corporation 's premier current affairs show .
Broadcast earlier this week in London , it exposed the story of the mass purge of voters in Colorado , re-reported in the New York Times .
The show will be repeated 8 am Eastern on Sunday .
*********
Greg Palast and Robert F. Kennedy Jr. are co-authors of " Steal Back Your Vote " the investigative comic book and voter guide - available at StealBackYourVote.org .
Jesse Jackson says " download it - NOW ! "
Campbell man accused of shining lasers at aircraft
A 39 - year - old Campbell man who allegedly shined a green laser at police helicopters and other aircraft repeatedly over the past three years has been arrested , the Santa Clara sheriff 's office said today .
Michael Weeker was arrested at his home Monday night shortly after he shined the laser at a sheriff 's helicopter , Sgt. Don Morrissey said .
He was charged with 10 counts of shining laser at an aircraft and faces a maximum of eight years in prison if convicted .
Pilots in the South Bay have reported periodic laser shinings since 2005 , authorities said .
Such shinings can cause temporary blindness and long - term eye damage .
The sheriff 's office worked with San Jose police to pinpoint the origin of the laser beams and concluded they came from a shopping center not far from Weeker 's home .
On Monday evening , a sheriff 's helicopter was struck by a laser .
Officers on the ground , alerted by the pilot , tracked Weeker to his home and made the arrest , Morrissey said .
The motive for the optical assaults was unclear .
Morrissey said the laser was a commercially available device typically used by astronomers to point out stars .
CAPE CANAVERAL , Florida ( Reuters ) - If President - elect Barack Obama wants to abandon NASA ’s road map to the moon , the space agency ’s chief says he wants no part of it .
NASA administrator Mike Griffin speaks about the successful landing of the Phoenix Mars Lander on Mars near its north pole during a media briefing at the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , California May 25 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
Not that NASA administrator Mike Griffin , a Bush administration appointee , is expecting to stay on when the Democrat takes office on January 20 .
“ I expect the new president and his team will have their own choice for NASA administrator , ” Griffin said in an interview on Friday .
“ If I were to be that choice I would be surprised , I would be honored .
I would be willing to continue on under the right circumstances . ”
Griffin , who was at the Kennedy Space Center in Florida for the planned Friday evening launch of space shuttle Endeavour , outlined three conditions that would have to be met for him to remain on the job .
First , no turning back from the space policy laid out by U.S. President George W. Bush and endorsed by Congress to finish building the International Space Station , retire the space shuttles , return to the moon , establish a base and continue the exploration to near - Earth asteroids and Mars .
“ Two successive Congresses -- one Republican and one Democrat -- have strongly endorsed the path NASA is on .
I think it ’s the right path , ” Griffin said .
COLUMBIA A TURNING POINT
“ For 35 years since the Nixon administration we ’ve been on the wrong path .
It took the loss of ( space shuttle ) Columbia and ( the accident investigation ) report to highlight the strategic issues to get us on the right path , ” he said .
“ We ’re there .
I personally will not be party to taking us off that path .
Someone else may wish to , but I do not . ”
Griffin , a 59 - year - old aerospace engineer and pilot , was appointed to head the space agency by Bush after the 2003 Columbia disaster to oversee NASA ’s return to flight , complete the $ 100 billion space station program and launch a new effort to return astronauts to the moon .
Under the exploration initiative , NASA plans to land a crew on the moon by 2020 , develop a base and continue on to Mars .
Griffin said NASA cannot accomplish the goals laid out by the president and Congress with less money .
Finally , he said he would not tolerate having political appointees in management jobs .
“ I think it ’s crucially important to have people ... who are knowledgeable and experienced in the aerospace business .
In past years , we ’ve had too many examples where that was n’t the case .
“ The Bush administration did not mandate even one person that I had to have to fill out the NASA management team , so I was able to pick a good team and that ’s absolutely essential for any agency .
We ca n’t pick people to run the space agency based on politics , and I wo n’t be party to that either . ”
Graphviz is an excellent and free graph visualization program that provides a simple way to generate graphs for pretty much anything with a variety of layouts .
The Graphviz layout programs take descriptions of graphs in a simple text language .
These descriptions can be created and edited manually but are more usually generated programatically – especially for large data sets .
This post provides an example of using the Visitor pattern to generate a directed graph visualization of a trie using the Graphviz dot layout manager .
Full python source code listing of this example is available here .
A Trie class is used to represent the trie data structure .
This class is composed of a set of nodes representing the trie nodes .
These nodes are anchored via a root node .
The code for adding data to the trie is omitted for clarity but is available in the full source listing .
class Trie : def __init__( self ) : self.root = Node ( ) def walk ( self , visitor ) : self.root.walk( visitor )
From a visitor pattern perspective , the Node. walk ( ) method is used to traverse the nodes and to pass each node encountered to the visitor object .
class Node : def walk ( self , visitor ) : visitor.visitNode(self ) for nextNode in self.children.values ( ) : nextNode.walk( visitor )
The GraphvizVisitor class is a Visitor subclass that generates the appropriate dot language representation for each visited node .
# Visitor interface class Visitor : def visitNode ( self , node ) : pass # Visitor subclass that generates Graphviz dot file contents .
class GraphvizVisitor : def __init__( self , dotGen ) : self.dotGen = dotGen def visitNode ( self , node ) : if node.isOutputNode : dotGen.setNodeProperty(node.name , ' shape ' , ' doublecircle ' ) for edge , nextNode in node.children.items ( ) : dotGen.addLink(node.name , nextNode.name , edge )
The dotGen object is an instance of the DotFileGenerator class which is used as a simple utility class to generate the dot file .
class DotFileGenerator : def __init__ ( self , name ) : self .
name = name self.outf = open ( name +'. dot ' , 'w ' ) print >> self.outf , ' digraph %s {' % ( self.name ) print >> self.outf , ' trankdir= " LR " ; ' print >> self.outf , ' tnode [ shape = " circle " ] ; ' def setNodeProperty ( self , nodeName , property , value ) : print >> self.outf , 't %s [ %s = %s ] ; ' %( nodeName , property , value ) def add Link ( self , lhs , rhs , label ) : print >> self.outf , 't %s -> %s [ label = %s ] ; ' % ( lhs , rhs , label ) def close ( self ) : self.outf.close ( )
Consider the following example to illustrate the generated output :
# Build a trie trie = Trie( ) trie.addPattern ( " abc " ) trie.addPattern ( " abcdef " ) trie.addPattern ( " abcxyz " ) trie.addPattern ( " abdef " ) # Generate the dot file contents by walking the trie dotGen = DotFileGenerator ( ' trie ' ) visitor = GraphvizVisitor ( dotGen ) trie.walk( visitor ) dotGen.close ( )
This produces the following dot file contents :
digraph trie { rankdir= " LR " ; node [ shape = " circle " ] ; 0 -> 1 [ label = a ] ; 1 -> 2 [ label = b ] ; 2 -> 3 [ label = c ] ; 2 -> 10 [ label = d ] ; 3 [ shape = doublecircle ] ; 3 -> 7 [ label = x ] ; 3 -> 4 [ label = d ] ; 7 -> 8 [ label = y ] ; 8 -> 9 [ label = z ] ; 9 [ shape = doublecircle ] ; 4 -> 5 [ label = e ] ; 5 -> 6 [ label = f ] ; 6 [ shape = doublecircle ] ; 10 -> 11 [ label = e ] ; 11 -> 12 [ label = f ] ; 12 [ shape = doublecircle ] ; }
After passing this dot file through Graphviz , we get :
Tags : Python
Oct. 4 , 2008  --
Reading bedtime stories to the kids is a nightly ritual some parents take for granted .
But not Lisa Gutierrez .
When she says " Guess how much I love you ? " she does not say it to her children , but to a tape recorder .
Gutierrez , like hundreds of mothers across the country , is in prison — separated from her children by metal bars , but not by heart .
Bridging the gap between Gutierrez , who is serving eight years at the maximum security Dwight Correctional Center in Illinois , and her three daughters is Jana Minor , founder of Aunt Mary 's Storybook Project .
The point of the project is to allow incarcerated mothers to record messages and bedtime stories to their children on tapes which are then delivered by hand to the families .
" I 'm delivering a mother 's love , " Minor told " Good Morning America . "
" I 'm delivering a little bit of hope maybe .
I 'm helping a family stay connected . "
Gutierrez , for one , knows the value of the service .
" Probably the toughest part of being here is not being with them , " she told " Good Morning America " through tears .
" But this , this gives me an opportunity to be a mom and to tuck them in at night . "
Mary Arnold , mother of three , last saw her children when they were one - year - , two - years - and six - months - old .
By the time she finishes her sentence for murder , her children will likely have children of their own .
" I get emotional when I talk about them because I regret being here , " she said .
" But I love my kids to death .
They 're being punished for something I did because they want to be with me but they can't . "
" Just because she was convicted of a crime does n't mean she was a bad mama , " Minor explained .
" [ The kids ] need to know she still loves them and they need to know the separation is n't their fault . "
When Minor delivered the precious cargo of tapes to Arnold 's kids , she is inspired all over again .
" I'm here with another story for you guys , " the recorder announced in the voice of the children 's mother as they listened closely from the couch .
" I want you to know I miss you .
I love you and I hope to see you real soon . "
The children were silent until the message was finished .
" It 's great because even though she 's not here , it feels like she 's still here , " said 11 - year - old Aaron Covington .
" When she 's gone I just wish she 'd come home , " 9 - year - old Alexis Covington said .
But Aaron knows why her mother cannot come home .
" I 'm the big brother .
I 'm supposed to be hard , " Aaron said .
" I really , really want her to come home , but she has to face the consequences . "
At just three and a half years old , Lisa Gutierrez 's little girl Emma may not understand why her mother is not around , but she certainly knows her mother 's voice when she hears it .
" When Emma hears mommy say ' I love you , ' she has literally gone over and kissed the speaker on the little player here , because that 's mommy 's voice , " Emma 's aunt Jean Singer said .
For Lisa Gutierrez , until she can come home , those are the only words that matter .
Click here to learn more about Aunt Mary 's Storybook Project .
Lymphatic filariasis can cause severe disfigurement A painful and disfiguring disease affecting more than 100 million people worldwide could be wiped out by 2020 , say experts .
Lymphatic filariasis ( LF ) , often called elephantiasis , is caused by parasitic worms and causes grotesque swelling of the limbs , breasts and genitals .
A World Health Organisation - sponsored drive has delivered 1.9 billion doses of a simple cure since 2000 .
Pharmaceutical firms have offered drugs free , keeping costs minimal .
We are on track to accomplish our goal of elimination by 2020 .
Mwele Malecela
Global Programme to Eliminate LF
The success of the programme was highlighted in a paper in the Public Library of Science Neglected Tropical Diseases journal .
The project , masterminded by the Global Programme to Eliminate LF , has so far prevented an estimated 6.6 million children from catching the condition , and stopped it from progressing in another 9.5 million people who already have it .
It is thought to be the most rapidly expanding drug administration programme in public health history .
Dr Mwele Malecela , who chairs the programme , said : " We are on track to accomplish our goal of elimination by 2020 .
" When we do , this programme will be a leading case study for how to scale up disease elimination programmes globally " .
There are 83 countries in the world where the disease is endemic , and the programme has so far administered treatments in 48 of them , to more than 570 million people .
The scale of the challenge is immense - approximately one fifth of the world 's population , or 1.3 billion people , is said to be " at risk " of contracting LF .
Other benefits
The treatment uses a combination of two drugs , both donated free of charge from GlaxoSmithKline and Merck and Co .
These need to be given once a year for five years to ensure that the disease does not spread .
Another benefit of the drugs is that they also tackle intestinal worms , and approximately 100 million children and women have been treated for these .
Professor David Molyneux , from the Liverpool School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine , and the Executive Secretary of the campaign , said that the success of the project was " staggering " .
" In some countries we are talking about costs of five pence per person , per year .
" We are reaching hundreds of millions of the world 's poorest people , and it's the additional benefits these drugs bring which are really important .
" I think that compared to most other public health programmes , it 's going remarkably well . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
It 's one of the burning questions of the moment : how easy would it be for a country with no nuclear expertise to build an A - bomb ?
Forty years ago in a top - secret project , the US military set about finding out .
Oliver Burkeman talks to the men who solved the nuclear puzzle in just 30 months
Dave Dobson 's past is not a secret .
Not technically , anyway - not since the relevant US government intelligence documents were declassified and placed in the vaults of the National Security Archive , in Washington DC .
But Dobson , now 65 , is a modest man , and once he had discovered his vocation - teaching physics at Beloit College , in Wisconsin - he felt no need to drop dark hints about his earlier life .
You could have taken any number of classes at Beloit with Professor Dobson , until his recent retirement , without having any reason to know that in his mid-20s , working entirely as an amateur and equipped with little more than a notebook and a library card , he designed a nuclear bomb .
Today his experiences in 1964 - the year he was enlisted into a covert Pentagon operation known as the Nth Country Project - suddenly seem as terrifyingly relevant as ever .
The question the project was designed to answer was a simple one : could a couple of non-experts , with brains but no access to classified research , crack the " nuclear secret " ?
In the aftermath of the Cuban missile crisis , panic had seeped into the arms debate .
Only Britain , America , France and the Soviet Union had the bomb ; the US military desperately hoped that if the instructions for building it could be kept secret , proliferation - to a fifth country , a sixth country , an " Nth country " , hence the project 's name - could be averted .
Today , the fear is back : with al - Qaida resurgent , North Korea out of control , and nuclear rumours emanating from any number of " rogue states " , we cling , at least , to the belief that not just anyone could figure out how to make an atom bomb .
The trouble is that , 40 years ago , anyone did .
The quest to discover whether an amateur was up to the task presented the US Army with the profoundly bizarre challenge of trying to find people with exactly the right lack of qualifications , recalls Bob Selden , who eventually became the other half of the two - man project .
( Another early participant , David Pipkorn , soon left . )
Both men had physics PhDs - the hypothetical Nth country would have access to those , it was assumed - but they had no nuclear expertise , let alone access to secret research .
" It 's a very strange story , " says Selden , then a lowly 28 - year - old soldier drafted into the army and wondering how to put his talents to use , when he received a message that Edward Teller , the father of the hydrogen bomb and the grumpy commanding figure in the US atomic programme , wanted to see him .
" I went to DC and we spent an evening together .
But he began to question me in great detail about the physics of making a nuclear weapon , and I did n't know anything .
As the evening wore on , I knew less and less .
I went away very , very discouraged .
Two days later a call comes through : they want you to come to Livermore . "
Livermore was the Livermore Radiation Laboratory , a fabled army facility in California , and the place where Dave Dobson , in a similarly surreal fashion , was initiated into the project .
The institution 's head offered him a job .
The work would be " interesting " , he promised , but he could n't say more until Dobson had the required security clearance .
And he could n't get the clearance unless he accepted the job .
He only learned afterwards what he was expected to do .
" My first thought , " he says today , with characteristic understatement , " was , ' Oh , my .
That sounds like a bit of a challenge . ' "
They would be working in a murky limbo between the world of military secrets and the public domain .
They would have an office at Livermore , but no access to its warrens of restricted offices and corridors ; they would be banned from consulting classified research but , on the other hand , anything they produced - diagrams in sketchbooks , notes on the backs of envelopes - would be automatically top secret .
And since the bomb that they were designing would n't , of course , actually be built and detonated , they would have to follow an arcane , precisely choreographed ritual for having their work tested as they went along .
They were to explain at length , on paper , what part of their developing design they wanted to test , and they would pass it , through an assigned lab worker , into Livermore 's restricted world .
Days later , the results would come back - though whether as the result of real tests or hypothetical calculations , they would never know .
" The goal of the participants should be to design an explosive with a militarily significant yield , " read the " operating rules " , unearthed by the nuclear historian Dan Stober in a recent study of the project published in the Bulletin of the Atomic Sciences .
" A working context for the experiment might be that the participants have been asked to design a nuclear explosive which , if built in small numbers , would give a small nation a significant effect on their foreign relations . "
Dobson 's knowledge of nuclear bombs was rudimentary , to say the least .
" I just had the idea that [ to make a bomb ] you had to quickly put a bunch of fissile material together somehow , " he recalls .
The two men were assigned to one of Livermore 's less desirable office spaces , in a converted army barracks near the facility 's perimeter .
Bob Selden found a book on the Manhattan Project that culminated in America 's development of the bomb .
" It gave us a road map , " Dobson says .
" But we knew there would be important ideas they 'd deliberately left out because they were secret .
This was one of the things that produced a little bit of paranoia in us .
Were we being led down the garden path ? "
They faced one key decision , Dobson says : whether to design a gun-style bomb , like the one dropped on Hiroshima , that used a sawn - off howitzer to crash two pieces of fissile material together , or a more complex implosion bomb , like that dropped on Nagasaki .
By now they were beginning to enjoy the challenge , so they went for the harder , more impressive option .
" The gun device needed a large amount of material , and did n't make a very big bang , " Dobson says .
" The other one was more bang , less material . "
Dobson and Selden had decided to assume that their fictional Nth Country had already obtained the requisite plutonium - a huge assump tion , since it would be , almost certainly , the hardest part - but there was plenty more to consider .
" Obtaining the fissile material is really the major problem - that drives the whole project , " says Selden .
" But the process of designing the weapon - I 'm always careful to point out that many people overstate how easy it is .
You really have to do it right , and there are thousands of ways to do it wrong .
You ca n't just guess . "
As Stober 's study noted , the two amateurs were ironically aided by information published as part of President Dwight Eisenhower 's " Atoms for Peace " program , which spread word of the benefits of non-military nuclear power around the world .
And Atoms for Peace was only the most prominent example of a fad for everything nuclear that propelled a huge amount of technical detail into the public domain .
Eventually , towards the end of 1966 , two and a half years after they began , they were finished .
" We produced a short document that described precisely , in engineering terms , what we proposed to build and what materials were involved , " says Selden .
" The whole works , in great detail , so that this thing could have been made by Joe 's Machine Shop downtown . "
Agonisingly , though , at the moment they believed they had triumphed , Dobson and Selden were kept in the dark about whether they had succeeded .
Instead , for two weeks , the army put them on the lecture circuit , touring them around the upper echelons of Washington , presenting them for cross-questioning at defence and scientific agencies .
Their questioners , people with the highest levels of security clearance , were instructed not to ask questions that would reveal secret information .
They fell into two camps , Selden says : " One had been holding on to the hope that designing a bomb would be very difficult .
The other argued that it was essentially trivial - that a high - school science student could do it in their garage . "
If the two physics postdocs had pulled it off , their result , it seemed , would fall somewhere between the two - " a straightforward technical problem , but one that involves some rather sophisticated physics " .
Finally , after a valedictory presentation at Livermore attended by a grumpy Edward Teller , they were pulled aside by a senior researcher , Jim Frank .
" Jim said , ' I bet you guys want to know how it turned out , ' " Dobson recalls .
" We said yes .
And he told us that if it had been constructed , it would have made a pretty impressive bang . "
How impressive , they wanted to know .
" On the same order of magnitude as Hiroshima , " Frank replied .
" It 's kind of a depressing thing to know , that it could be that easy , " Dobson says .
" On the other hand , it 's far better to know the truth . "
And the truth today , he is certain , is that terrorists - with a bit of luck and , crucially , access to the right materials - could easily build a nuclear bomb .
" Back in the 50s , there were two schools of thought - that the ideas could be kept secret , and that the material could be locked up .
Now ?
Well , hopefully the materials can still be locked up , but we all have our doubts about that . "
Obtaining sufficiently enriched fissile material could be difficult but , when it comes to creating the bomb , " It turns out it 's not overwhelmingly difficult .
There are some subtleties that are not trivial ... but an awful lot has been published .
If you were a grad student today , and you reviewed the literature , a lot of pieces would fall into place . "
It was , relatively speaking , easy - so easy that both Selden and Dobson seem to have emerged from the Nth Country Experiment deeply troubled by their own capacities .
Selden stayed in the military , on a career that sent him from Livermore to the army 's other major research base , at Los Alamos , and is still a member of the US Air Force Scientific Advisory Board ; he has been closely involved in planning how the US might respond to a nuclear terrorist incident .
Dobson , meanwhile , felt so uncomfortable that he left the sector entirely .
" It was one thing to work on a project which was hopefully going to illuminate the decision makers so they could see that weapons were easily designed , " he says .
" It was a rather different thing to go in and say , ' OK , for example , let 's make a thermonuclear device that 's only four inches in diameter . '
That 's an acceleration of the arms race , and I did n't really want to do that . "
Einstein was famously said to have commented that if he had only known that his theories would lead to the development of the atom bomb , he would have been a locksmith .
Dave Dobson , having designed one , got a job as a teacher .
The financial crisis has ended the Palin circus but the Democratic candidate must buck up his ideas to exploit McCain 's weakpoint
The basic identities of America 's two political parties have been in place for at least 40 years and , on core economic questions , for 70 , since Franklin Roosevelt 's time .
Whatever so - called " low - information voters " do or do n't know about politics , they know that the Democrats are the party of working people , and the Republicans are the party of the rich .
It does n't end up being as positive for the Democrats as that formulation makes it sound .
Since the 1980s , Republicans have been successful in shifting public opinion among America 's middle - class more towards the view that their economic fate is tied up with rich people 's .
In addition , a weak union movement - just one in 14 private - sector workers is a union member today - means that class consciousness exists only on the margins .
But these basic identities do still mean that , when a scandal breaks out involving oblivious gluttony on the part of elements within the financial over - class , Americans will place more blame on the GOP , and the Democrats will benefit .
Especially when it happened on the watch of a Republican administration that is deeply unpopular .
So , it made sense that the initial phase of public reaction to the past week 's Wall Street scandal would have worked to the political benefit of Barack Obama .
The Democratic nominee would have benefited no matter who it was - Obama , Hillary Clinton , Dennis Kucinich , my cat for that matter .
A week ago today , John McCain had a small lead in the polls .
Now , Obama does .
The numbers are back to being essentially where they were before the conventions , with Obama sitting on a wobbly margin of three or so points .
McCain helped Obama 's position with an initial response to last week 's economic crisis that seemed to be delivered from a different planet .
On Monday , with headlines blaring and the markets reeling , he insisted yet again - as he has several times in recent months - that the " fundamentals " of the economy were still " strong " .
No doubt that was n't very reassuring to the average Ohioan or Michigander .
McCain continued to flounder for most of the week .
He employed ferociously populist anti-Wall Street rhetoric , attacking the " greed " and " recklessness " of the executives who netted , in many cases , eight - figure incomes while gambling away the mortgages of $ 40,000 - a- year earners .
But - those age - old identities again - it just was n't persuasive coming from a multimillionaire Republican .
His legislative record tilts strongly toward supporting deregulation and , over the past year , as he has kissed up to his party 's rightwing , he has sought to downplay the portions of his record that did endorse regulation .
Perhaps worst of all , he also proposed a commission to study the problem - at a moment when the Dow , before rallying later in the week , was losing about 900 points , or nearly 10 % of its value .
In the face of this , Obama could have spent the week windsurfing with John Kerry and still come out fairly well .
What he did instead , along with his running mate Joe Biden , is turn his campaign sharply negative against McCain - important to note : not against Sarah Palin , but against John McCain - for being out of touch and merely the newest representative of a failed governing philosophy .
" I certainly do n't fault Senator McCain for these problems , " Obama said in his initial statement on Monday , " but I do fault the economic philosophy he subscribes to . "
He pressed the point much harder as the week went on .
Biden , whether importantly or not remains to be seen , emerged from the relative shadows and gave incendiary speeches throughout the week , denouncing the Republican philosophy and McCain personally .
He denounced the Bush tax cuts and McCain 's new - found embrace of them , citing McCain 's own description from long ago of Bush 's decision to prosecute two wars while handing out immense tax cuts to the wealthy at the same time ( " immoral " was the word McCain used ) .
The Democrats were responding to a rising chorus of discontent within their own ranks - which probably reached a climax midweek sometime - that they were just standing around taking punches and letting McCain and Palin set the agenda completely .
Nothing , and I mean nothing , sends American liberals to the cliff 's edge , the whiskey bottle or the shrink 's couch like the perception that their team is n't returning fire .
The belief among liberals is widely held , and I suppose I hold it myself , that both Al Gore and Kerry would have won ( Gore of course did win , but let 's not get into that ) if they 'd understood that they were in a no-rules campaign and not a college debating match and behaved accordingly .
The fetid aroma of passivity that began to emanate from Obama - Biden , particularly after the Palin coronation , had partisan Democrats screaming for their candidates to do something .
And they did : a study came out earlier in the week showing that Obama 's television advertising campaign had become markedly more negative than McCain's .
And speaking of McCain 's running mate , another effect of the crisis is that it seems to have ended , finally , the Palin - mania phase of the race .
It 's as if God watched the circus and read all the absurd and excessive coverage of pigs and lipstick and said , " All right , I 'm going to do something to make these people talk about the economy whether they want to or not . "
So , that was phase one of the political fallout of the Wall Street scandal .
But yesterday marked the beginning of phase two .
In this phase , the shouts and histrionics will abate somewhat .
Each day gives McCain - and the Bush administration - opportunities to regain some purchase on events and appear in control .
The administration and the Federal Reserve Bank were preparing a massive bailout yesterday ( one in which the taxpayers would , in essence , buy billions of dollars in banks ' bad loans ) .
McCain gave an economic speech in the crucial state of Wisconsin , where he trails by a few points , denouncing Obama 's plan to raise taxes on the middle class ( a plan that does not exist , but that 's never stopped McCain from saying it repeatedly ) .
What was important politically in the first phase was demonstrating credible outrage at the fat - cats and empathy with the regular folks .
In phase two , actual , clear - cut and persuasively packaged proposals will be more important .
This is why McCain , in his speech , endorsed various forms of oversight he had n't given much thought to before , and why Obama spent part of yesterday huddled with establishment seal - of - approval economic advisers such as Paul Volcker and Robert Rubin .
Simply because he 's a member of George Bush 's political party , McCain has the bigger challenge over the next few days .
With 81 % of Americans believing the country is " seriously " on the wrong track , McCain has to explain why he 'll be so different even though he 's voted with Bush 90 % of the time .
Obama has always had more trouble with packaging .
He has , if anything , too many policy proposals .
He finds it hard to pare them down to three or four compelling points and present them in crisp , short sentences .
In US presidential politics , the packaging is more important than the thinking .
And next Friday brings the first of the three important presidential debates .
This would be a good time for Obama to call in David Mamet to come look over his sentences .
The election 's outcome could possibly be decided between now and next Friday night .
Obama can rely on those age - old perceptions of the two parties , but only if he also reinforces them .
Got this email today .
I , like everyone else , was very sad when Sheldon Brown died .
He was a giant in the bicycle world , and was widly known for knowing more about cycling than any man should .
Seems his wife and a couple old friends are selling his old bikes ( he had many ) on ebay and craigs list .
This is a sad sad day , but might be your chance to own a bit of history .
Over the next few months , several of Sheldon Brown ’s bicycles , and
numerous components , will be for sale on EBay and Craigslist .
My son
Jacob and I are helping Harriet sell these items .
At this time , the first item , a Brooks Professional saddle , is for
sale on EBay .
Bids have gone up to $ 57 so far ; bidding closes at 5:17
PM EST Sunday ,
This item amounts to just dipping a toe into the
water — * many * more items will be for sale .
Search on to find these items ( and to avoid
the many items of memorabilia related to
Generally , items of special interest , with a limited market but
likely to sell at a good price and / or easy to ship ( e.g. , customized
bicycles , 16 - inch Greenspeed rear wheel , saddles , will go up on EBay ,
and items of more general interest that will probably sell locally
( e.g. , steel frames suitable to build up into fixed - gear bikes ) on
Craigslist .
Run -of - the - mill stuff that would n’t sell for much , but
can be used to build up usable bicycles , is being donated to Bikes Not Bombs .
If Interested , please keep checking at EBay and Craigslist !
I ’ll be
posting a message here occasionally as more items are posted .
John S. Allen
Micromouse competitions have been running in Japan since 1980 .
In all that time , the ruleset has remained essentially unchanged .
The autonomous robot mouse navigates a 16 × 16 maze creating a map .
It then determines the optimal solution for future runs .
Current records are in the six to seven second range .
Teams have had to find new ways to generate traction for better times .
Momoco08 uses a fan to hold the mouse to the track surface .
Embedded below you ’ll find a video of it solving the maze plus a photo of the vacuum skirt .
[ photo : Robot Watch ]
Posted in Software , Tech on November 17th , 2008 by dennisplucinik | 9 Comments
Like most iPhone junkies , I cannot stop checking the App Store for updates .
I ’ve played out all the cool games like Fieldrunners , Blackjack , Bejeweled , Line Rider , Strategic Assault , Lux Touch , and Flashlight .
I ’ve settled on my core programs like Pandora , Bloomberg , iTrans NYC , BeejiveIM , RTM , AirSharing , and others .
I just ca n’t want to find the next great App .
I understand the App Store is still in its infancy , apps are difficult to monetize , and people are scrambling to get their product out the door even if it ’s buggy as hell .
But I do n’t care – the bottom line is that I ’m impatient and so I ’ve put together my own fantasy world list of apps that I would like to see .
The criteria is n’t extremely objective ; some of my apps may seem obvious and for the others I ’ll offer up a bit of explanation .
I present to you … THE LIST :
( in no particular order )
Concept iPhone App : Blinksale
By
By Fire Wheel Design – Price : FREE
Why do we need this ?
Because having your accounting info on the go is handy .
Think about when you ’re killing time – might as well keep those names of people who owe you fresh in your memory .
You could also email an invoice immediately after presenting the deliverables , or record a payment received when you ’re depositing the check at the bank .
I suppose the reality of my reasoning behind this app is that I love Blinksale .
I love it ’s interface , I love it ’s simplicity , and I think it deserves an app .
Proposed feature set :
View all invoices
Record a payment received
Create and send an invoice
Manage clients
Current App
Store alternatives :
Concept iPhone App : Cigar Aficionado
By
By Cigar Aficionado – Price : FREE (+ subscription version )
Why do we need this ?
The last issue of Cigar Aficionado had a ‘ top rated ’ tear - out that you could bring with you to the cigar store and read about the selection a bit before buying .
It was a very nicely designed tear out and fortunately I spent enough time reading it on the can and memorized the ratings and general descriptions of those on the list .
My only problem now is that when I go to the store , I have to try and remember what the heck was on that list .
If I only had an iPhone app to lower my thinking requirement …
Proposed feature set :
Top rated cigar list plus …
… Social commentary
Upcoming events in my area
Featured articles from the latest issue
Order the latest issue or subscribe
Current App
Store alternatives :
NOTHING ?!
C’MON
Concept iPhone App : Wine Pro
By Anybody – Price : $ 14.99
Why do we need this ?
There ’s a lot that goes into mystifying wine .
( ex : Region , varietal , vintage , etc. )
What does all that mean anyhow and how can I sort it out ?
If you drink wine and own an iPhone , chances are you ’ve looked at the current offering of apps .
I think they all each hit on one of the core features that a good wine app should have , but there is n’t one that just nails it .
This app proposes to combine the best of everything .
Proposed feature set :
Record your wine info ( photos , details , rating )
Research and read descriptions of wines
Learn definitions and food pairings
Read and contribute to social commentary
Check out deals and order bottles
Stores info locally and remotely
Accessable via web app
Current App
Store alternatives :
Concept iPhone App : Meeting Place
By Anybody – Price : $.99
Why do we need this ?
To be honest we do n’t really NEED this app .
It ’s a pretty cool idea though you have to admit .
Think “ meet me near the ______ . ”
The way it would work is fairly simple – just open the app , it get ’s your location , and displays the most recognizable landmark ( photo + description ) by distance from you .
In theory , you ’d also be able to go to a map interface and find landmarks in a destination area or something .
Another problem is that it would be entirely user generated content driven since this information does n’t likely exist elsewhere .
However , once there ’s some data in the system , you could let people vote on each landmark .
Proposed feature set :
Display the most common landmarks near you
Find landmarks in destination areas
Contribute photos and descriptions
Browse through your own “ bookmarked ” places
Stores info locally remotely
Current App
Store alternatives :
I doubt there ’s something like this already .
I ’m not even going to look into it .
[ This article is included in the 45th Carnival of Math ]
Mathematical logic can produce some great trivia .
Did you know that at every instant , there is a spot in the world where no wind is blowing ?
It is true , and the proof comes as an application of a fixed point theorem which I discussed a year ago .
This article continues the Thanksgiving tradition of discussing math trivia .
These 16 fun tidbits cover topics as disconnected as birthdays , haircuts , WordPress blogs , and cocktail parties .
Amazingly , all the results come out of a basic insight from stuffing pigeons into pigeonholes .
The pigeonhole principle
The pigeonhole principle is a powerful tool used in combinatorial math .
But the idea is simple and can be explained by the following peculiar problem .
Imagine that 3 pigeons need to be placed into 2 pigeonholes .
Can it be done ?
The answer is yes , but there is one catch .
The catch is that no matter how the pigeons are placed , one of the pigeonholes must contain more than one pigeon .
The logic can be generalized for larger numbers .
The pigeonhole principle states that if more than n pigeons are placed into n pigeonholes , some pigeonhole must contain more than one pigeon .
While the principle is evident , its implications are astounding .
The reason is that the principle proves the existence ( or impossibility ) of a particular phenomenon .
The pigeonhole principle ( more generalized )
There is another version of the pigeonhole principle that comes in handy .
This version is “ the maximum value is at least the average value , for any non-empty finite bag of real numbers ” ( thanks Professor Dijkstra )
Do not let the math jargon intimidate you .
The idea is intuitive .
For typical data sets , the average is the “ middle ” value , so clearly the maximum should be at least as big .
While this version sounds different , it is mathematically the same as the one stated with pigeons and pigeonholes .
Let ’s see how the two are connected .
Consider again the problem of stuffing pigeons into pigeonholes and consider the average .
If we have more than n pigeons and n pigeonholes , then the average value of ( pigeons / pigeonholes ) is greater than one .
This means the maximum value should also be larger than one .
In other words , there has to be some value of more than one pigeons per pigeonhole .
Indeed , the two versions are about the same idea .
Now that we have a good grasp on the pigeonhole principle , let ’s see how it can be used .
Here are 16 of my favorite applications , categorized by difficultly :
.
.
" All will be well if you use your mind for your decisions , and mind only your decisions . "
Since 2007 , I have devoted my life to sharing the joy of game theory and mathematics .
MindYourDecisions now has over 1,000 free articles with no ads thanks to community support !
Help out and get early access to posts with a pledge on Patreon . .
.
Easy ( 1 -8 )
1 . For every 27 word sequence in the US constitution , at least two words will start will the same letter .
There are 27 words or “ pigeons ” that can start with one of the 26 different English letters or “ pigeonholes . ”
By the pigeonhole principle , two of the words must start with the same letter .
2 . In New York City , there are two non -bald people who have the same number of hairs on their head .
The human head can contain up to several hundred thousand hairs , with a maximum of about 500,000 .
In comparison there are millions of people in New York City .
Consequently , at least two of them must share the same number of hairs .
3 . Two or more people reading this blog will have the same birthday .
There are 366 possible birthdays ( including February 29 in a leap year ) and this blog has many more than 367 readers .
Therefore two of you must share the same birthday .
4. On Thanksgiving , two or more of the consumed turkeys will have the same weight when rounded to the nearest millionth of a pound .
Turkeys weigh roughly 15 pounds , with the largest recorded at 37 pounds .
If we could weigh all turkeys to the millionth of a pound , then we have 37 million possible values for weight .
In comparison , there are an estimated 46 million turkeys consumed on Thanksgiving .
By the pigeonhole principle , two of those turkeys must have the same weight to the nearest millionth .
5 . At least two WordPress.com blogs have the same number of yearly comments .
At the time of this writing , there are almost 4.75 million wordpress.com blogs .
I would estimate one million as a safe maximum for yearly comments .
Thus , the pigeonhole principle implies at least two wordpress.com blogs must have the same number of yearly comments .
6 . In a packed Carnegie Hall performance , there will be two people who have the same first and last initials .
Each initial can take be one of the 26 English letters , meaning there are 26 x 26 = 676 possible values for the first and last initials .
The main hall at Carnegie seats roughly 2,800 .
Consequently , two of the patrons on a sold out show must share the same first and last initials .
7 . If you pick five cards from a standard deck of 52 cards , then at least two will be of the same suit .
Each of the five cards can belong to one of four suits .
By the pigeonhole principle , two or more must belong to the same suit .
8 . If you have 10 black socks and 10 white socks , and you are picking socks randomly , you will only need to pick three to find a matching pair .
The three socks can be one of two colors .
By the pigeonhole principle , at least two must be of the same color .
Another way of seeing this is by thinking sock by sock .
If the second sock matches the first , then we are done .
Otherwise , pick the third sock .
Now the first two socks already cover both color cases .
The third sock must be one of those and form a matching pair .
Medium ( 9 - 14 )
9 . On New Years at New York ’s Time Square , over 820 people will have the same birthday .
It will now be useful to use the second version “ the maximum must at least be the average . ”
There are roughly 300,000 attendees on New Years split over a possible 366 birthdays .
The average is 300,000 / 366 = 819.7 people per birthday .
The maximum must at least be the average , so there must be a birthday that at least 820 people share .
10 . Imagine a certain college has 6,000 American students , at least one from each of the 50 states .
Then there must be a group of 120 students coming from same state .
Again , we invoke the second version that “ the maximum must at least be the average . ”
The average is 6,000 / 50 = 120 students per state .
The maximum must at least be the average , so there must be a state where 120 students share in common .
11 . If you pick five numbers from the integers 1 to 8 , then two of them must add up to nine .
Every number can be paired with another to sum to nine .
In all , there are four such pairs : the numbers 1 and 8 , 2 and 7 , 3 and 6 , and lastly 4 and 5 .
Each of the five numbers belongs to one of those four pairs .
By the pigeonhole principle , two of the numbers must be from the same pair–which by construction sums to 9 .
12 . If you draw five points on the surface of an orange in permanent marker , then there is a way to cut the orange in half so that four of the points will lie on the same hemisphere ( suppose a point exactly on the cut belongs to both hemispheres ) .
Two points determine a great circle on a sphere , so for any two points , cut the orange into half .
The remaining three points can be on either one of the two resulting hemispheres .
By the pigeonhole principle , at least two of them belong to the same hemisphere , bringing the total to 4 points .
13 . Gary is training for a triathlon .
Over a 30 day period , he pledges to train at least once per day , and 45 times in all .
Then there will be a period of consecutive days where he trains exactly 14 times .
Problem and proof based on a handout from Professor Gary MacGillivray ( pdf )
Let S i indicate the cumulative number of workouts by day i .
Since each day contains one workout , and the total number of workouts is 45 , we know that :
1 ≤ S 1 < S 2 < … < S 30 = 45
We want to prove there is some place with i < j such that S i +
14 = S j .
Start by adding 14 to every term in the inequality :
15 ≤ S 1 + 14 < S 2 + 14 < … < S 30 + 14 = 59
The two inequalities imply there are 60 numbers ( S 1 , S 2 , … , S 30 and S 1 + 14 , S 2 + 14 , … , S 30 + 14 ) that can assume any of the 59 integer values from 1 to 59 .
By the pigeonhole principle , two of the numbers must be the same .
Which two ?
Notice that none of the numbers S 1 , S 2 , … , S 30 could possibly be equal to one another ( Rick takes at least one workout every day , so the sequence is strictly increasing ) .
The same logic is true for the group S 1 + 14 , S 2 + 14 , … , S 30 + 14 .
Therefore , we must have one value from the group S 1 , S 2 , … , S 30 equal to one of the values from the group S 1 + 14 , S 2 + 14 , … , S 30 + 14 , which is exactly what we wanted to prove .
14 .
In any cocktail party with two or more people , there must be at least two people who have the same number of friends .
( Assume that “ friend ” is symmetric - if x is a friend of y , then y is a friend of x. )
Imagine a party has n people .
Then each person can be friends with anywhere from 0 to n-1 other people .
Case 1 : everyone has at least one friend
If everyone has at least one friend , then each person has between 1 to n­ -1 friends .
Each of the n partygoers can be categorized as one of these n- 1 values , and hence two of the partygoers must have the same value - that is , the same number of friends - by the pigeonhole principle .
Case 2 : someone has no friends
If someone lacks any friends , then that person is a stranger to all other guests .
Because friend is symmetric , the highest value anyone else could have is n – 2 , that is , they would be friends with everyone except the singleton .
Therefore everyone has between 0 to n – 2 friends .
This means of the n partygoers can be categorized as one of the n - 1 values , and hence two of the partygoers must have the same value , or number of friends .
Hard ( 15 - 16 )
15 . Imagine you are trying to cover a chessboard with pieces of domino each that covers exactly two squares .
If you remove two diagonally opposite corners , it will be impossible to cover the chessboard .
This is a puzzle I posted about .
You can read the solution here
16 .
In a group of six people , there will always be three people that are mutual friends or mutual strangers .
( Assume that “ friend ” is symmetric - if x is a friend of y , then y is a friend of x. )
The problem can be thought of geometrically .
Imagine the six people as points and let an edge between points indicate friendship .
No matter how the graph is drawn , we want to show there is a set of three points that are all connected or a set of three points that has no connecting edges .
Consider any single point .
There are five other points it could possibly connect to .
By the pigeonhole principle , the point is either connected to at least three other points or not connected to at least three other points .
Case 1 : the point is connected to ( at least ) three other points
If any of these points are connected to each other , then we have found a triangle of three mutual friends .
( These two points are connected , plus they are both connected to the original point ) .
Otherwise , that means none of these three points are connected and hence they are mutual strangers .
This would be a set of three points without any edges .
Case 2 : the point is not connected to ( at least ) three other points
If any of these points are not connected to each other , then we have found a triangle of three mutual strangers .
( These two points are not connected , plus they are both not connected to the original point ) .
Otherwise , that means all of these three points are connected and hence they are mutual friends .
This would be a set of three points with all connecting edges .
Bonus : Lossless data compression cannot guarantee compression for all data input files .
Amazingly , this is also about the pigeonhole principle !
See the proof .
MIAMI - D'Zhana
Simmons says she felt like a " fake person " for 118 days when she had no heart beating in her chest .
" But I know that I really was here , " the 14 - year - old said , " and I did live without a heart . "
As she was being released yesterday from a Miami hospital , the shy teen seemed in awe of what she 's endured .
Since July , she 's had two heart transplants and survived with artificial heart pumps - but no heart - for four months between the transplants .
Last spring D'Zhana and her parents learned she had an enlarged heart that was too weak to sufficiently pump blood .
They traveled from their home in Clinton , S.C. , to Holtz Children 's Hospital in Miami for a heart transplant .
But her new heart did n't work properly and could have ruptured , so surgeons removed it two days later .
And they did something unusual , especially for a young patient :
They replaced the heart with a pair of artificial pumping devices that kept blood flowing through her body until she could have a second transplant .
Dr. Peter Wearden , a cardiothoracic surgeon at Children 's Hospital of Pittsburgh who works with the kind of pumps used in this case , said what the Miami medical team managed to do " is a big deal . "
" For [ more than ] 100 days , there was no heart in this girl 's body ?
That is pretty amazing , " Wearden said .
The pumps , ventricular assist devices , are typically used with a heart still in place to help the chambers circulate blood .
With D'Zhana 's heart removed , doctors at Holtz Children 's Hospital crafted substitute heart chambers using a fabric and connected these to the two pumps .
Although artificial hearts have been approved for adults , none has been federally approved for use in children .
In general , there are fewer options for pediatric patients .
That 's because it 's rarer for them to have these life - threatening conditions , so companies do n't invest as much into technology that could help them , said Dr. Marco Ricci , director of pediatric cardiac surgery at the University of Miami .
He said this case demonstrates that doctors now have one more option .
" In the past , this situation could have been lethal , " Ricci said .
© Copyright 2008 Globe Newspaper Company .
Addicts are 25 % more likely to carry the gene variant than non-users of cocaine .
Photograph : Alamy
It has become commonplace for people who are overweight to attribute their waistline to their DNA .
Now , celebrities caught snorting cocaine might also be able to blame their parents .
Scientists reported yesterday the discovery of a gene that increases the chances of becoming hooked on the drug .
Addicts were 25 % more likely to carry the gene variant than people who did not use cocaine , a study found .
The discovery is unlikely to lead to a treatment for cocaine addicts , but scientists hope it could be used to screen for those most likely to have problems kicking the habit if they ever try the drug .
" If you are a carrier of this gene variant , the likelihood of getting addicted to cocaine is higher , " said Rainer Spanagel , a professor of psychopharmacology at the Central Institute of Mental Health in Mannheim , Germany , who led the study .
" You can certainly use this as a vulnerability marker for cocaine addiction . "
He said people found to be susceptible to cocaine addiction could be given counselling or protected with experimental vaccines now being developed .
The vaccines are designed to block the " high " , or euphoria , associated with the drug .
Last week , an analysis by the European Union 's drug agency put Britain at the top of its list of cocaine - abusing states , with its users outnumbering all those elsewhere on the continent .
Genetic factors , scientists believe , account for 70 % of cocaine addiction , making it as heritable as schizophrenia and other mental health conditions .
Studies of twins suggest alcoholism is about 50 % genetic .
Researchers linked a version of the CAMK4 gene with cocaine addiction after studying mice that had been genetically modified to alter the gene .
One particular breed was affected more strongly by the drug and became addicted quicker than others in the group , according to the study in the US journal , Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
To see if the gene played a role in cocaine addiction in humans , the researchers ran genetic tests on 670 cocaine addicts and more than 700 matched non-users .
While 40 % of non-users carried the gene , it was found in half of the addicts .
Procter & Gamble spends more than $ 300 million a year advertising its soaps and foods .
If Facebook 's going to be an ad - supported business , it needs some of that money .
Too bad then , that Procter & Gamble 's GM for interactive marketing and innovation , Ted McConnell , " just told a conference : " I really do n't want to buy any more banner ads on Facebook . "
" I have a reaction to [ Facebook ] as a consumer advocate and an advertiser :
What in heaven 's name made you think you could monetize the real estate in which somebody is breaking up with their girlfriend ? "
McConnell says branded Facebook applications could work , but that mostly , he rejects the idea that Facebook is social " media " :
Who said this is media ?
Media is something you can buy and sell .
Media contains inventory .
Media contains blank spaces .
Consumers were n't trying to generate media .
They were trying to talk to somebody .
So it just seems a bit arrogant .
...
We hijack their own conversations , their own thoughts and feelings , and try to monetize it .
Facebook wo n't be able to win over ad buyers like McConnell with its new " engagement ads . "
Advertisers want to be seen as providing new functionality on the social network ; they do n't want to pay extra for users to comment on their banners .
Here 's what Facebook should do instead .
First , extend Facebook Connect to online retail stores .
Second , analyze users ' spending behavior and activity on Facebook , make that data anonymous and sell it to marketers .
Third , turn on personal ads and charge more than the New York Times does -- about $ 48 / week .
See Also :
Facebook Not Interested In Lucrative Personal Ads
Here 's A Billion - Dollar Business For Facebook
Most people know they should not attach anything to their key chains that could be tied to their identity .
If your house keys are lost , you certainly do n't want the finder to know where you live .
But what if a thief could make a copy of your home , office or car keys using nothing more than a picture posted to the photo - sharing Web site Flickr or a social networking site such as Facebook ?
Sounds far - fetched , but a team of researchers at the University of California , San Diego , proved it can be done .
Using their Sneakey system , comprising a camera , some custom - developed software and a key - cutting machine , the researchers duplicated keys from images pulled off of the Web and photographs of keys taken from as far away as 200 feet ( 61 meters ) using a high - powered telephoto lens .
" There is a five - digit number that represents all of the information in a standard key , " says U.C. San Diego computer science professor Stefan Savage , who supervised the research conducted by computer science graduate student Kai Wang and Ben Laxton , a former computer science grad student at the school who now works as a computer scientist for Fair Isaac Corporation , a software company based in Minneapolis .
Savage presented their findings last month at the Association for Computing Memory 's Conference on Computer and Communications Security in Alexandria , Va .
" You type that code into a key - cutting machine and it makes a perfect replica , " he says .
During the presentation , Savage visited the Flickr.com
Web site and found images of keys to prove just how easy they are to find .
" Some people take pictures of all the things in their pockets , " he says .
( One quick search found a photo entitled , " What 's in my bag , " a photo that included a set of keys . )
The irony : whereas most people will blur items in these photographs that might identify private information , " the keys are there in their full glory , " Savage says .
" It 's a secret that you show in public . "
This is why , he adds , a lot of high - value items , such as luxury cars , have changed their mode of entry from keys to wireless electronic devices .
Laxton developed software with Wang 's help that could analyze a photograph or image of a key and determine the dimensions of its peaks , valleys and plateaus .
Sneakey was most effective if the key to be copied was made from a common brand such as Black & Decker 's Kwikset or Ingersoll Rand 's Schlage .
That way , the researchers could find the proper key blank , map the copied key 's dimensions to the blank , and grind out a duplicate .
If the key was made from a type that the researchers could not obtain , they were less likely to be able to make a usable copy .
The software was able to calculate a key 's dimensions , also known as its " bitting code " .
A locksmith can replicate keys using a trained eye to determine the measurement of the cuts without the aid of software , but Sneakey would make this skill available to the rest of us .
Laxton says he is considering tweaking the software so that it can copy more complex keys , but Savage says he has no interest in commercializing the key - duplication technology .
" We made the point that we were interested in making , " he says .
" Relatively few organizations would have a legitimate interest in this . "
Still , he adds , Sneakey " gets us to think about the impact that computer security has on physical security . "
Now he has a new cause .
Before the election , Mr. Feingold argued that whoever won should make a priority of rolling back Bush administration policies that eroded constitutional rights and disrupted the careful system of checks and balances .
Now that Mr. Obama  a onetime constitutional law professor who made this issue a cause early in the campaign  has won the election , there is both reason for optimism and increased pressure on the president - elect to keep his promises .
Mr. Feingold has been compiling a list of areas for the next president to focus on , which he intends to present to Mr. Obama .
It includes amending the Patriot Act , giving detainees greater legal protections and banning torture , cruelty and degrading treatment .
He wants to amend the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act to restore limits on domestic spying .
And he wants to roll back the Bush administration ’s dedication to classifying government documents .
Many reforms could be implemented directly by the next president .
Mr. Obama could renounce Mr. Bush ’s extreme views of executive power , including the notion that in many areas , the president can act as he wants without restraint by Congress or the judiciary .
Mr. Obama also could declare his intention not to use presidential signing statements as Mr. Bush did in record numbers to reject parts of bills signed into law .
Congress also has work to do .
Many of the excesses of the last eight years have been the result of Mr. Feingold ’s colleagues ’ capitulation as much as presidential overreaching .
He expects Congress to do more than just fix laws like the Patriot Act .
He wants the Senate to question presidential nominees closely at their confirmation hearings about their commitment to the rule of law .
And he hopes Congress will do its duty to impose the rigorous supervision it rarely imposed in the Bush years .
Restoring the rule of law will not be easy , Mr. Feingold concedes .
Part of the problem is that it is hard to know how much damage has been done .
Many programs , like domestic spying and extraordinary rendition  the secret transfer of detainees to foreign countries where they are harshly interrogated  have operated in the shadows .
We all know the story of the Library of Alexandria , the vast repository of ancient texts that was burnt to the ground by Caesar in 48 B.C.
While the story itself is n't accurate , it speaks to us today [... ]
Soaked in bad news , GM and Ford received yet another dousing when their three big European credit insurers dropped them this week .
Euler Hermes , Atradius , and Coface have all refused to write policies for suppliers trading with both automakers .
The three giant insurance companies control more than 80 percent of the world 's credit insurance ( insurance companies typically pull their coverage when a client stops proving insurers with enough information to calculate a credit risk , or their overall risk profile has deteriorated ) .
Without their credit cover , suppliers will be forced to either trade uninsured , cease trading , or ask for payment up front .
Supply issues aside , this news only compounds the automaker 's problems as it also weakens investor confidence , already completely slumped .
[ Source : FT , free subs . req'd ]
The headlines tell the world that the US and the Iraqis are close to a deal to get US troops to leave .
Upon further reading , the deal is n’t about getting US troops to leave but making sure that they stay at least five more years .
Even then , that ’s contingent on the so - called security situation on the ground .
An assessment that will be provided by the very men and women whose careers depend on maintaining an occupation there for as long as possible – the military top command .
Meanwhile , US troops “ inadvertently ” killed four more women and a child in Afghanistan .
My understanding of the word “ inadvertently ” is that it describes something that happens without intention .
If this is the definition of the word , then I must take issue with the US military ’s use of that word in this and many other cases of civilian death .
If these killings were inadvertent , then they would have occurred because of an automobile accident or perhaps a roof collapsing because of an earthquake or a tornado .
That ’s not how they occurred , though .
They occurred because the US was unleashing its firepower on Afghanis who may or may not have been members of the network of Afghanis who are tired of invaders tearing up their country and killing their families .
In other words , the US military is not inadvertently in Afghanistan , so any deaths that they cause are not inadvertent .
They happen because , and only because , the US military is in that country with the intention to make it safe for Washington ’s empire , no matter who dies .
Anyhow , back to that Iraqi deal .
If I was a signatory to an agreement like the one being foisted on the Iraqi people by the Green Zone government and its US masters , I would deserve whatever fate awaited me by those whom I sold down the Euphrates .
This agreement has more loopholes than the US tax code does for corporations and wealthy individuals .
Remember that loophole from a few years ago that allowed someone to write off the purchase of a Hummer as long as they used it for their business ?
Well , the loopholes in the agreement currently being discussed in Baghdad that would insure the continued domination of Iraq by Washington has loopholes that are not only big enough for several Hummers to drive though , they will also insure that Iraqis will be seeing Humvees driven by fully armed US soldiers in their country for a long time .
In addition , those soldiers will be operating without any legal restrictions placed on them that the Iraqi government could enforce .
If that ’s sovereignty , than Attica State Prison is a sovereign state .
Yet , here in the USA , we demand that the Iraqis spend the $ 78 billion that the US Government Accounting Office says they have in the bank .
After all , were n’t we promised that the Iraqis would pay for this war and the rebuilding afterwards ?
I mean , why should US taxpayers have to pay for the destruction of some other nation ’s infrastructure just because it was US soldiers that destroyed it all ?
And whatever happened to that cheap gas we were supposed to get ?
Who knows , maybe that will come after Tel Aviv attacks Iran .
This possibility , Condoleeza Rice told the media , is something that could happen and the US can do nothing to stop it .
After all , even though it is the most powerful nation in the world , our friends in Israel have their own understanding of self - defense .
It is an understanding that not only counts on the US backing it up ( as it most certainly will ) , but also understands that the billions of dollars Washington gives Tel Aviv every year requires that country to be Washington ’s attack dog in the Middle East .
Except , of course , on those rare occasions when Israel ’s interests do not correspond to those of Washington .
Good thing there ’s an election coming up .
Once Bush is gone , the world will get better .
Wo n’t it ?
At least one of the candidates has to be against all this war and threats of war , right ?
Maybe Obama is just playing the game when he promises fealty to Tel Aviv .
Maybe he does n’t mean it when he sounds like Bush in regards to Iran .
Maybe he ’ll listen to the American people ( and not the generals ) after he gets elected and bring the troops back from Iraq by the end of 2009 .
Maybe John McCain will quit offering his wife up to bikers “ show your tits ” contests and evolve beyond the troglodyte stage .
Maybe Dick Cheney will face charges at the Hague .
And maybe pigs will fly .
Kellyn Lindemann
Got it From Her Momma ( Photos )
Kellyn Lindemann and mother Bo Black
29 - year - oldis on a mission to follow in her mother 's footsteps right into the pages of Playboy magazine .
Appearing topless on " The Girls Next Door , " for her audition for the 55th edition of Playboy ’s centerfold , Kellyn was featured for a few seconds on screen .
Kellyn's mother , Bo Black , appeared in Playboy in September 1967 wearing a football jersey and socks , when she was a student at the University of Wisconsin .
And how does she feel about her daughter 's ambitions ?
" She is shown topless , which I would have never done .
But nowadays things have changed , and they even have topless beaches , " Bo wrote in an email to family , friends and newspaper writers announcing Kellyn 's appearance on the show .
Kellyn grew up in Milwaukee , WI , moved away to attend Arizona State University and currently resides in Los Angeles .
According to her bio , she began modeling when she was 8 - years - old , and has done ads for Kohl 's and Boston Store .
She 's been in a swimsuit calendar for animal rescue and in Stuff magazine .
Her acting credits include the hot tub girl on " Cavemen , " a hot bartender on " Ugly Betty " and the Viceroy swimsuit girl on " The Sopranos . "
Lindemann was n't picked for the Playboy 55th Anniversary issue , but says her day at the mansion was a " fun and exciting day . "
View Bo Black 's Playboy photo and more photos of Kellyn Lindemann below .
source of Kellyn Lindemann photos : kellynworld
What is Linux From Scratch ?
Linux From Scratch ( LFS ) is a project that provides you with step - by - step instructions for building your own customized Linux system entirely from source .
Why would I want an LFS system ?
Many wonder why they should go through the hassle of building a Linux system from scratch when they could just download an existing Linux distribution .
However , there are several benefits of building LFS .
Consider the following :
LFS teaches people how a Linux system works internally
Building LFS teaches you about all that makes Linux tick , how things work together and depend on each other .
And most importantly , how to customize it to your own tastes and needs .
Building LFS produces a very compact Linux system
When you install a regular distribution , you often end up installing a lot of programs that you would probably never use .
They 're just sitting there taking up ( precious ) disk space .
It 's not hard to get an LFS system installed under 100 MB .
Does that still sound like a lot ?
A few of us have been working on creating a very small embedded LFS system .
We installed a system that was just enough to run the Apache web server ; total disk space usage was approximately 8 MB .
With further stripping , that can be brought down to 5 MB or less .
Try that with a regular distribution .
LFS is extremely flexible
Building LFS could be compared to a finished house .
LFS will give you the skeleton of a house , but it 's up to you to install plumbing , electrical outlets , kitchen , bath , wallpaper , etc .
You have the ability to turn it into whatever type of system you need it to be , customized completely for you .
LFS offers you added security
You will compile the entire system from source , thus allowing you to audit everything , if you wish to do so , and apply all the security patches you want or need to apply .
You do n't have to wait for someone else to provide a new binary package that ( hopefully ) fixes a security hole .
Often , you never truly know whether a security hole is fixed or not unless you do it yourself .
What can I do with my LFS system ?
A by - the - book LFS system is fairly minimal , but is designed to provide a strong base on which you can add any packages you want .
See the BLFS project for a selection of commonly used packages .
Who 's who :
Orthodox Muslims believe that this ancient Islamic text is the unchanging Word of God .
One scholar is daring to question it
A German academic fears a violent backlash from orthodox Muslims because of his " blasphemous " theory that the Koran has been changed and revised .
Such a backlash is not to be taken lightly ; the Salman Rushdie affair is a solemn reminder of the power of an angry Muslim community .
After the author wrote his novel Satanic Verses , which was considered by Muslims to be blasphemous , a fatwa , or religious decree , was pronounced against him in 1989 that left him fearing for his life .
Rushdie has only recently reappeared in public after nearly 10 years in hiding .
According to Muslim belief , the Koran is the eternal , unaltered Word of God , which has remained the same for 14 centuries .
But Dr Gerd R Puin , a renowned Islamicist at Saarland University , Germany , says it is not one single work that has survived unchanged through the centuries .
It may include stories that were written before the prophet Mohammed began his ministry and which have subsequently been rewritten .
Puin 's conclusions have sparked angry reactions from orthodox Muslims .
" They 've said I 'm not really the scholar to make any remarks on these manuscripts , " he said .
The semitic philologist , who specialises in Arabic calligraphy and Koranic palaeography , has been studying Sa'na manuscripts , ancient versions of the Koran discovered in Sa'na , the capital of Yemen .
So controversial are his findings that the Yemeni authorities have denied him further access to the manuscripts .
He says they shed new light on the early development of the Koran as a book with a " textual history " , which contradicts the fundamental Muslim belief that it is the unchanging Word of God .
Any questioning of the authenticity of the Koranic text as the Word of God can expect a hostile reaction .
The fatwa , or death sentence , was issued against Rushdie for hinting in Satanic Verses that the Koran may include verses from other sources - chiefly Satan .
Academics offering radical interpretations of the Koran put their lives at risk .
In 1990 , Dr Nasr Abu Zaid , formerly a lecturer in Koranic Studies at Cairo University , provoked a national outcry in Egypt over his book The Concept of the Text .
There were death threats from Muslim extremists , general public harassment , and in 1995 he was branded an apostate by Egypt 's highest court .
The court forced him to divorce his wife because under Islamic law , marriage between an apostate and a Muslim is forbidden .
Zaid 's proposal was arguably less radical than Puin's .
Zaid 's book argued that " the Koran is a literary text , and the only way to understand , explain , and analyse it is through a literary approach " .
A Muslim , Zaid remained in Egypt for a time to refute the apostasy charges , but fled with his wife to Holland in the face of increasing death threats .
Puin believes that he will not receive the same reaction , because unlike Zaid or Rushdie he does not have a Muslim name .
His claim that the Koran has changed since its supposed standardisation , and that pre-Islamic texts have crept in , would nonetheless be regarded as highly blasphemous by Muslims .
He has not yet written a book on his radical findings , but says it is " a goal to achieve " in the near future .
Dr Tarif Khalidi , lecturer in Islamic Studies at Cambridge University , warns that the book may generate a controversy similar to Satanic Verses .
" If Dr Puin 's views are taken up and trumpeted in the media , and if you do n't have many Muslims being rational about it , then all hell may break loose . "
Khalidi fears Muslims will not accept Puin 's work on the Sa'na manuscripts as having been done with academic objectivity , but see it as a deliberate " attack on the integrity of the Koranic text " .
The manuscripts , thought to be the oldest surviving copies of the Koran , were discovered in the ancient Great Mosque of Sa'na in 1972 , when the building was being restored after heavy rainfall , hidden in the loft in a bundle of old parchment and paper documents .
They were nearly thrown away by the builders , but were spotted by Qadhi Isma'il al - Akwa , then president of the Yemeni Antiquities Authority , who saw their importance and sought international assistance to preserve and examine them .
Al - Akwa managed to interest Puin , who was visiting Yemen for research purposes in 1979 .
Puin in turn persuaded the German government to organise and fund a restoration project .
The restoration revealed that some of the parchment pages dated from the seventh and eighth centuries , the crucial first two centuries of Islam , from which very few manuscripts have survived .
Until now , there were three ancient copies of the Koran .
One copy in the Library of Tashkent in Uzbekistan , and another in the Topkapi Museum in Istanbul , Turkey , date from the eighth century .
A copy preserved in the British Library in London , known as the Ma'il manuscript , dates from the late seventh century .
But the Sa'na manuscripts are even older .
Moreover , the Sa'na manuscripts are written in a script that originates from the Hijaz - the region of Arabia where the prophet Mohammed lived , which makes them not only the oldest to have survived , but one of the earliest copies of the Koran ever .
Puin noticed minor textual variations , unconventional ordering of the chapters ( surahs ) , as well as rare styles of orthography .
Then he noticed that the sheets were palimpsests - manuscripts with versions written even earlier that had been washed off or erased .
These findings led Dr Puin to assert that the Koran had undergone a textual evolution .
In other words , the copy of the Koran that we have is not the one believed to have been revealed to the prophet .
This is something that Muslims would find offensive .
The idea that the Koran is the literal Word of God , unchanging and permanent , is crucial to Islam .
The traditional Muslim view holds that the Koran was revealed to Mohammed by God in fragments between 610 and 632 AD .
The revealed verses were " recorded on palm leaves and flat stones and in the hearts of men [ meaning memorised ] , " and remained in this state during the prophet 's lifetime .
About 29 years after Mohammed 's death during the rule of the third Muslim caliph , Uthman , a standard copy of the Koran in a book form , was made , because already divergent readings and copies were circulating in the growing Islamic empire .
This Uthmanic recension , according to the Muslim view , was produced with meticulous care , based on earlier copies of the Koran made according to the instructions of the prophet .
Orthodox Muslims insist that no changes have occurred to the Koran since the Uthmanic recension .
But this view is challenged by the Sa'na manuscripts , which date from shortly after the Uthmanic recension .
" There are dialectal and phonetical variations that do n't make any sense in the text " , says Puin .
" The Arabic script is very defective - even more so in the early stages of its literature . "
Like other early Arabic literature , the Sa'na Koran was written without any diacritical marks , vowel symbols or any guide to how it should be read , says Puin .
" The text was written so defectively that it can be read in a perfect way only if you have a strong oral tradition . "
The Sa'na text , just like other early Korans , was a guide to those who knew it already by memory , he says .
Those that were unfamiliar with the Koran would read it differently because there were no diacritical and vowel symbols .
As years went by , the correct reading of the Koran became less clear , he says .
People made changes to make sense of the text .
Puin gives as example Hajjaj bin Yusuf , governor of Iraq from 694 - 714 AD , who " was proud of inserting more than 1,000 alifs [ first letter of the Arabic alphabet ] in the Koranic text " .
Professor Allen Jones , lecturer in Koranic Studies at Oxford University , agrees .
" Hajjaj is also responsible for putting the diacritical marks in the Koran .
His changes are a defining moment in the history of the Koran " .
After Hajjaj 's changes in around the 700s , " the Koranic text became pretty stable " , he says .
Puin accepts this up to a point , but says that certain words and pronunciations were standardised in the ninth century .
He says the Uthmanic text was the skeleton upon which " many layers of interpretation were added " - causing the text to change .
This is blasphemy , according to orthodox Muslims , and is not entirely accepted by other academics .
Jones admits there have been " trifling " changes made to the Uthmanic recension .
Khalidi says the traditional Muslim account of the Koran 's development is still more or less true .
" I have n't yet seen anything to radically alter my view , " he says .
He believes that the Sa'na Koran could just be a bad copy that was being used by people to whom the Uthmanic text had not reached yet .
" It 's not inconceivable that after the promulgation of the Uthmanic text , it took a long time to filter down . "
Puin 's other radical theory is that pre-Islamic sources have entered the Koran .
He argues that two tribes it mentions , As - Sahab - ar - Rass ( Companions of the Well ) and the As- Sahab - al - Aiqa ( Companions of the Thorny Bushes ) are not part of the Arab tradition , and the people of Mohammed 's time certainly did not know about them .
" These are very unspecific names , whereas other tribes are specifically mentioned , " said Dr Puin .
His researches have shown that the ar - Rass lived in pre-Islamic Lebanon and the al - Aiqa in the Aswan region of Egypt around 150AD , according to the Atlas of Ptolemy .
He argues that pre-Islamic sources entered the Koran , presumably when the growing Islamic empire came into contact with those regions and sources .
Khalidi says finding pre-Islamic registers in the Koran does not discredit the Muslim belief in any way , because it does not threaten the integrity of the Koran .
" The Koran was revealed at a particular time in the vocabulary of the age " , he says .
Puin also questions another sacred belief that Muslims hold about the Koran , that it was written in the purest Arabic .
He has found many words of foreign origin in the text , including the word " Koran " itself .
Muslim scholars explain the " Koran " to mean recitation , but Puin argues that it is actually derived from an Aramaic word , qariyun , meaning a lectionary of scripture portions appointed to be read at divine service .
He says the Koran contains most of the biblical stories but in a shorter form and is " a summary of the Bible to be read in service " .
Orthodox Muslims have always held that the Koran is a scripture in its own right , and never a shortened version of the Bible , even if both texts contain the same prophetic tradition .
Khalidi says he is weary of constant attempts by western Islamicists to analyse the Koran in a parallel way to the Bible .
Puin , however , sees the need for a " scientific text " of the Koran , and this is what he intends to achieve .
He says that Muslims believe that " the Koran has been worked on a thousand years ago " and " is not a topic anymore " .
Not all Muslim reaction to him has been hostile .
Salim Abdullah , director of the German Islamic Archives , affiliated to the powerful pan-Islamic Muslim World League , has given him a positive response .
" He asked me if I could give him the permission to publish one of my articles on the Sa'na manuscripts " , said Puin .
Warned of the possible controversy it could raise , he replied : " I am longing for this kind of discussion on this topic . "
Clinging To Their Reality
When I wrote my first column about the " center - right nation " and subsequently launched the " Center - Right Nation Watch " series on this blog I predicted that the news media would actually increase its usage of this term after Obama won .
I did a Lexis - Nexis search of the term , and was the first to note the trend and make the prediction that " if Obama wins , expect more frantic talk from the fringe about how electing a black man billed as an Islamic Karl Marx obviously means our country is more conservative than ever . "
Feeling like I was out on a limb ( and remember , this was almost 2 weeks before a group of major progressive pundits belatedly started writing about the trend ) , I asked a friend out here in Denver who works with a company called Trendrr to officially track whether my prediction was right - and you can see from the results above , it was - more so than I ever expected .
As the graph shows , the use of the exact term " center - right nation " spiked immediately after election day ( point " 0 " is the day my column published , point " 1 " is election day ) .
While it 's true - this trend study does n't tell us how many of the " center - right nation " references are saying this is " not a center - right nation . "
But a look through Lexis - Nexis shows it 's safe to assume that the vast majority of these references are asserting this is a " center - right nation . "
Mr Obama will take over as president in January Tony Blair says he believes President - elect Barack Obama can help the US to play a " healing role " in the world .
The ex-UK prime minister predicted that the euphoria surrounding Mr Obama 's US election win would be " somewhat blown away by the realities of government " .
But while " it 's in the nature of things that expectations ... get disappointed " Mr Obama had the " intelligence and the sensitivity " to fulfil many of them .
He told the BBC he remained " totally committed " to his Middle East role .
On BBC Radio 4's the World this Weekend he said he had spoken regularly to Mr Obama over recent months about the situation in the Middle East , where Mr Blair is an envoy for the " quartet " of the US , Russia , the EU and the UN .
' Hard choices '
Mr Blair said that in his conversations with Mr Obama , he had been struck by how he was a " very thoughtful and intelligent person who understands that after the euphoria is somewhat blown away by the realities of government - because that 's just the way it happens - there are some very hard choices and decisions to make . "
I am absolutely committed to working at it for as long as it takes
Tony Blair on his work as Middle East envoy
Blair urges Obama on peace deal
He continued : " He 's also someone who has a genuine vision of how America can play a healing role in the world and has also some real sensitivity to the fact that people want America to do that . "
Mr Blair cited the Middle East and climate change as two areas where President - elect Obama could have a great impact .
The former Labour leader - who was elected prime minister on a landslide in 1997 - said that there was nothing more important than getting the Israeli - Palestinian conflict resolved .
" I think it is possible to do it and I am absolutely committed to working at it for as long as it takes . "
Mr Blair also praised his successor Gordon Brown 's leadership - and said he was pleased for both Lord Mandelson " and the country " that the former cabinet minister had been brought back to the government .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ATLANTA | President - elect Barack Obama ’s promise of post - partisan politics got put on hold as he lent his voice to the roaring battle over Georgia ’s runoff election for the U.S. Senate , trying to help Democrats win a supermajority that would let them push their agenda through Congress .
Mr. Obama took time off from transition work to record a radio ad and robocalls to promote Democrat Jim Martin ’s bid to unseat incumbent Republican Sen .
Saxby Chambliss and put Democrats one vote away from a filibuster - proof 60 - vote majority , with one other Senate race still in doubt — in Minnesota .
The Martin campaign also boasts that its get - out - the - vote operation for the election Tuesday was supplied by Mr. Obama ’s ground team from the presidential race in Georgia and surrounding states , though Obama aides insist the former campaign workers — about 200 by Mr. Martin ’s count — are acting independently of the president - elect .
Mr. Obama has resisted calls for a visit to Georgia , likely a move to stay just above the partisan fray and to avoid suffering an early political loss by tying himself too closely to the underdog Mr. Martin .
But his audiotaped pleas and the influx of his get - out - the - vote organizers underscore the high stakes in this bitter partisan feud , with both sides inundating the Georgia airwaves with recriminations , charges and countercharges in a flood of attack ads .
“ You can go post - partisan when you win , ” said Democratic strategist Donna Brazile , who headlined a get - out - the - vote rally for Mr. Martin at Spelman Collage , a historically black college for women in Atlanta .
“ This is a contest , ” she told The Washington Times .
“ What do you want , the Democrats to disarm ? ”
Far from disarming , Democrats are unloading an arsenal of attacks , mostly accusing Mr. Chambliss of contributing to the country ’s economic crisis by supporting President Bush and criticizing him for opposing Mr. Obama ’s plan for middle - class tax cuts while voting for the $ 700 billion Wall Street bailout .
Mr. Obama voted for the bailout himself .
Mr. Martin hopes Mr. Obama ’s coattails are longer now than they were in the general election , when Mr. Martin finished about 110,000 votes behind the incumbent Mr. Chambliss .
The runoff was made necessary when neither candidate captured 50 percent of the vote , owing to a third - party candidacy .
Mr. Obama won the presidency but lost Georgia to Republican nominee Sen. John McCain by 52 percent to 47 percent , about a 200,000 - vote margin .
By some accounts , including that of National Republican Senatorial Committee Chairman Sen. John Ensign of Nevada , the popularity of Mr. Obama nationwide has grown since he won the presidency .
“ Saxby Chambliss has a message for the middle class : sink or swim , ” says the voiceover in a nautical - themed ad by the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee , which shows a small boat tossing in stormy seas .
“ He ’s been a shipwreck for our economy . ”
Ads by Mr. Chambliss , the Republican Party and conservative groups such as Freedom ’s Watch hit Mr. Martin for being too liberal for Georgia and a champion of the liberal agenda of Mr. Obama and the Democrat - led Congress .
They say he is soft on crime , backs higher taxes , and takes liberal stands on social issues such as opposing parental consent for minors to get abortions .
Mr. Obama strikes a more sedate tone in the robocall that started ringing up Georgians last week .
“ I want to urge you to turn out one more time and help elect Jim Martin to the Unites States Senate , ” Mr. Obama says in the recorded message .
“ Jim supports my plan to get our economy moving again .
Jim Martin is a man of his word , and I know he ’ll do everything he can in the Senate to help me change Washington and get America moving again . ”
The message in the call and in most of the TV ads is that the vote Tuesday is critical to the balance of power in Washington .
A supermajority would effectively sideline Senate Republicans and allow Democrats to pass whatever legislation they want .
Georgia voters “ are sick and tired of what is happening in Washington , ” Mr. Martin said at a recent press conference .
“ They want someone to stand up for the middle class .
They know that I will do that .
…
Yes , the TVs are cluttered with some of the ads , some of them are reprehensible , but that ’s the nature of politics in this country now . ”
On the stump , Mr. Chambliss is running as much against Mr. Obama and the Democrat - led Congress as he is against Mr. Martin .
“ We know the direction in which they are going to take us , [ and ] we have the opportunity to make sure that we are that firewall , that 41st vote to make sure that we do n’t have our taxes raised , to make sure that we have the right kind of judges going to the bench , not liberal activist judges , ” Mr. Chambliss said at a rally at the Right Wing Tavern in Woodstock , Ga .
“ Jim Martin will provide that blank check to do all of those things , … but you can make the difference , ” he told the more than 200 people who filled the bar , a focal point of politics in the Republican stronghold of Cherokee County , which is north of Atlanta and key to Mr. Chambliss ’ runoff strategy .
Mr. Chambliss was joined at the rally by former Republican presidential candidate and former New York Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani , one in a parade of political celebrities stumping in Georgia that included Mr. McCain .
On the Democratic side , Mr. Martin garnered visits from former President Bill Clinton and former Vice President Al Gore .
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , who became a political star as the Republican vice - presidential nominee , will make about four campaign stops Monday with Mr. Chambliss to jump - start the crucial get - out - the - vote drive after the long holiday weekend .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
The Kardashian 's Take a Stand ( Photos )
It looks like the Kardashian 's are coming out in full force and taking a stand in their Vote For Kim t- shirts .
will appear this season on Dancing With the Stars and it is pretty clear that she will have the full support of her family .
The girls were out shopping this weekend on Robertson Boulevard , once again wearing their new favorite t- shirts .
Just before the DWTS line up was about to be announced , Kim cut her foot and there was speculation that she would not be able to perform .
It turned out to be no big deal .
Check out the photos below of Kim , Khloe , Kris , Kendall , Kourtney , Kylie and their brother Rob and his girlfriend The Cheetah Girls Adrienne Bailon .
Photos : WENN
As promised a couple of weeks back , Michael Moore 's new documentary , " Slacker Uprising , " is available for viewing ( and download ) for free as of today at slackeruprising .com .
Touted by Moore as a " gift to his fans " and distributed online by blip.tv , the movie documents Moore 's tour through 62 US cities in swing states during the 2004 U.S. presidential election , in which he rallied youngsters to vote ( read : he rooted for the side that did n't win ) .
Perhaps he 'll have better luck this time .
Blip.tv's CEO
Mike Hudack has an interesting statement about the release :
“ It is a watershed moment that a film by a major American filmmaker is being put in wide release on the Web - not in theaters , not on television , and not on DVD .
The Web is quickly becoming a legitimate means of distribution , and it no longer plays second fiddle to theatres and television .
Web - based distribution puts artists in control and prevents any single studio or network boss from giving thumbs up or down to particular productions .
Now the market can decide , ” he says , and I wholeheartedly agree with the last part - at least when it comes to controversial documentaries .
* The download , however , is available only for US and Canada residents , which does n't go well with all that freedom of the web thing Mike 's talking about .
Thanks to Mirco who noticed this in the comments .
See the long trailer for the movie below , and sign up at slackeruprising .com to see the movie in its entirety .
Sign up to our newsletter
Your email address is for our use only .
We will never sell your details to anyone else .
* Your email address is for our use only .
We will never sell your details to anyone else .
I learned of this last week , but I 've avoided writing about it .
I 'm too angry and heartsick about it .
Here 's the deal : Fr. Roy Bourgeois is a priest most well - known for founding School of Americas Watch , which seeks to close the School of Americas / WHINSEC in Fort Benning , Georgia because of its training of Latin American torturers and dictators .
It 's a nonviolent movement that wants " to change oppressive U.S. foreign policy that the SOA represents . "
Each November , on the anniversary of the murder of six Jesuit priests and two others in El Salvador by militants trained by the U.S. , tens of thousands gather at the gates for a three - day vigil , protest , rally , teach - in , spiritual celebration , and civil disobedience / direct action .
This year 's vigil starts tomorrow .
I 've been fortunate to be there for it three times .
It is an unfailingly supportive , exhilarating , eye - opening experience , in no small part because you simply get to see all the other people who care .
( See it yourself here ) .
Here 's the thing that is so horrifying : in the midst of the November vigil that will draw at least 15,000 people to gates of the SOA , the leader of the movement , Fr. Roy Bourgeois , will be excommunicated on Friday .
Why ?
Because he supports the ordination of women .
Bourgeois , the people I met at the SOA , people I knew through the Catholic Worker movement : they are the ones that have inspired me to grow in the faith I was raised in .
And then ridiculousness like this reminds me why , perhaps , it can't be my home .
Here is the letter Bourgeois wrote to the Vatican , in response to the letter he received that gave him a month to rescind his support for women 's ordination , or be excommunicated .
It 's a remarkable letter that might give hope and renewed courage to us all .
He 's a good man .
Rev. Roy Bourgeois , M.M .
PO Box 3330 , Columbus , GA 31903
November 7 , 2008
TO THE CONGREGATION FOR THE DOCTRINE OF THE FAITH , THE VATICAN
I was very saddened by your letter dated October 21 , 2008 , giving me 30 days to recant my belief and public statements that support the ordination of women in our Church , or I will be excommunicated .
I have been a Catholic priest for 36 years and have a deep love for my Church and ministry .
When I was a young man in the military , I felt God was calling me to the priesthood .
I entered Maryknoll and was ordained in 1972 .
Over the years I have met a number of women in our Church who , like me , feel called by God to the priesthood .
You , our Church leaders at the Vatican , tell us that women cannot be ordained .
With all due respect , I believe our Catholic Church ’s teaching on this issue is wrong and does not stand up to scrutiny .
A 1976 report by the Pontifical Biblical Commission supports the research of Scripture scholars , canon lawyers and many faithful Catholics who have studied and pondered the Scriptures and have concluded that there is no justification in the Bible for excluding women from the priesthood .
As people of faith , we profess that the invitation to the ministry of priesthood comes from God .
We profess that God is the Source of life and created men and women of equal stature and dignity .
The current Catholic Church doctrine on the ordination of women implies our loving and all - powerful God , Creator of heaven and earth , somehow cannot empower a woman to be a priest .
Women in our Church are telling us that God is calling them to the priesthood .
Who are we , as men , to say to women , “ Our call is valid , but yours is not . ”
Who are we to tamper with God ’s call ?
Sexism , like racism , is a sin .
And no matter how hard or how long we may try to justify discrimination , in the end , it is always immoral .
Hundreds of Catholic churches in the U.S. are closing because of a shortage of priests .
Yet there are hundreds of committed and prophetic women telling us that God is calling them to serve our Church as priests .
If we are to have a vibrant , healthy Church rooted in the teachings of our Savior , we need the faith , wisdom , experience , compassion and courage of women in the priesthood .
Conscience is very sacred .
Conscience gives us a sense of right and wrong and urges us to do the right thing .
Conscience is what compelled Franz Jagerstatter , a humble Austrian farmer , husband and father of four young children , to refuse to join Hitler ’s army , which led to his execution .
Conscience is what compelled Rosa Parks to say she could no longer sit in the back of the bus .
Conscience is what compels women in our Church to say they cannot be silent and deny their call from God to the priesthood .
Conscience is what compelled my dear mother and father , now 95 , to always strive to do the right things as faithful Catholics raising four children .
And after much prayer , reflection and discernment , it is my conscience that compels me to do the right thing .
I cannot recant my belief and public statements that support the ordination of women in our Church .
Working and struggling for peace and justice are an integral part of our faith .
For this reason , I speak out against the war in Iraq .
And for the last eighteen years , I have been speaking out against the atrocities and suffering caused by the School of the Americas ( SOA ) .
Eight years ago , while in Rome for a conference on peace and justice , I was invited to speak about the SOA on Vatican Radio .
During the interview , I stated that I could not address the injustice of the SOA and remain silent about injustice in my Church .
I ended the interview by saying , “ There will never be justice in the Catholic Church until women can be ordained . ”
I remain committed to this belief today .
Having an all male clergy implies that men are worthy to be Catholic priests , but women are not .
According to USA TODAY ( Feb. 28 , 2008 ) in the United States alone , nearly 5,000 Catholic priests have sexually abused more than 12,000 children .
Many bishops , aware of the abuse , remained silent .
These priests and bishops were not excommunicated .
Yet the women in our Church who are called by God and are ordained to serve God ’s people , and the priests and bishops who support them , are excommunicated .
Silence is the voice of complicity .
Therefore , I call on all Catholics , fellow priests , bishops , Pope Benedict XVI and all Church leaders at the Vatican , to speak loudly on this grave injustice of excluding women from the priesthood .
Archbishop Oscar Romero of El Salvador was assassinated because of his defense of the oppressed .
He said , “ Let those who have a voice , speak out for the voiceless . ”
Our loving God has given us a voice .
Let us speak clearly and boldly and walk in solidarity as Jesus would , with the women in our Church who are being called by God to the priesthood .
In Peace and Justice ,
Rev. Roy Bourgeois , M.M .
PO Box 3330 , Columbus , GA 31903
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Sarah Palin on October 5 , suggesting to Bill Kristol that the McCain campaign ought to go more negative :
“ To tell you the truth , Bill , I do n’t know why [ the Revered Wright ] association is n’t discussed more , because those were appalling things that that pastor had said about our great country , and to have sat in the pews for 20 years and listened to that — with , I do n’t know , a sense of condoning it , I guess , because he did n’t get up and leave — to me , that does say something about character .
But , you know , I guess that would be a John McCain call on whether he wants to bring that up . ”
Sarah Palin on Sunday , telling the press that she wants to focus on the issues :
“ If I called all the shots , and if I could wave a magic wand , I would be sitting at a kitchen table with more and more Americans , talking to them about our plan to get the economy back on track and winning the war , and not having to rely on the old conventional ways of campaigning that includes those robocalls , and includes spending so much money on the television ads that , I think , is kind of draining out there in terms of Americans ’ attention span . ”
Those robocalls she ’s denouncing as “ conventional ways of campaigning ” are exactly the sort of negative , association - based campaign tactics she was urging just two weeks ago .
It ’s almost as if her complete lack of experience on the national stage forces her to make it up as she goes along !
Forget everything you know about perspective , Samsung 's Haptic 2 is clearly one huge - ass handset .
Amazing that the jumbo - handed product waif on the left can even hoist the beast without so much as a grimace .
Otherwise , Samsung 's newest fullscreen device looks every bit the hot Korean cousin to the i900 Omnia .
The Haptic 2 followup to the original Haptic features DMB television , 4GB ( SCH - W550 or SPH - W5500 , about $ 600 ) or 16GB ( SCH - W555 , about $ 690 ) of storage , integrated mobile banking , and improved ( more sensitive ) 3.2 - inch touchscreen and an updated TouchWiz UI now sporting 50 widget applications ( up from 15 ) and user defined vibration tones -- whoa , better beef up security for the Korean launch Sammy .
[ Via Telecoms Korea
Prison companies are preparing for a wave of new business as the economic downturn makes it increasingly difficult for federal and state government officials to build and operate their own jails .
The Federal Bureau of Prisons and several state governments have sent thousands of inmates in recent months to prisons and detention centers run by Corrections Corp. of America , Geo Group Inc. and other private operators , as a crackdown on illegal immigration , a lengthening of mandatory sentences for certain crimes and other factors have overcrowded many government facilities .
Prison - policy experts expect inmate populations in 10 states to have increased by 25 % or more between 2006 and 2011 , according to a report by the nonprofit Pew Charitable Trusts .
Private prisons housed 7.4 % of the country 's 1.59 million incarcerated adults in federal and state prisons as of the middle of 2007 , up from 1.57 million in 2006 , according to the Bureau of Justice Statistics , a crime - data - gathering arm of the U.S. Department of Justice .
Corrections Corp. , the largest private - prison operator in the U.S. , with 64 facilities , has built two prisons this year and expanded nine facilities , and it plans to finish two more in 2009 .
The Nashville , Tenn. , company put 1,680 new prison beds into service in its third quarter , helping boost net income 14 % to $ 37.9 million .
" There is going to be a larger opportunity for us in the future , " said Damon Hininger , Corrections Corp .'s president and chief operations officer , in a recent interview .
More than one million children have been added to the DNA database since its creation , research by the Liberal Democrats revealed today .
" These shocking figures clearly show that the government has preyed on children in making the world 's biggest DNA database by stealth , " Chris Huhne , Lib Dem home affairs spokesman said .
" We already know that guilt and innocence are of no concern to ministers , but clearly neither is the negative effect that being on the database has on children . "
The research reveals that 1,066,896 profiles for under - 18s have been added to the database .
Of those , 113,053 are under -13 and 510,236 are between 13 and 15 .
" It is unacceptable to keep the DNA of children on record in perpetuity for the most minor of offences , " said Mr Huhne .
The Far Right in West Michigan examines the West Michigan “ far right ” and their involvement in political action at the local , state , and national level .
The database tracks organizations , individuals , and foundations ranging from explicitly white supremacist groups to anti-gay religious right groups funded by wealthy families such as the DeVos and Prince families .
Our broad definition of the far right includes the racist , economic , and religious right , and explores the various anti-gay , anti-immigrant , anti-abortion , and other such groups active in West Michigan .
Foundations
People
Organizations
BIRDDATE : X174-3A
let me tell you what happened .
" guys watch this .
hey cat ffffFFFFFFuck youuuuuuu !!!
hahahaAAAAAAowwwOWjesusjesus "
sittin in the grass .
wing borkled .
waitin to die .
waitin to die is boring .
gonna sing a song .
chirpchirpCHIRPchirpchirpCHIRP
whoaaa that 's a lotta blood
BIRDDATE : X174-5D
getting a wicked high off blood loss when some goon grabs me and puts me in his goonsack .
rollin around in the goonsack , thinkin bout robins with bomb ass titties
put me in a tub swabbed some goonpaste on my wing .
tried to flap the crap outta there but went into a wicked spiral like some dumbshit crow .
man i bet that loud ass crow i know would like to see me now
hey you !
stay away from my wife ... know your place crow !!!!
man i need to take a fuggin snooze .
yeah goon IVE SEEN YOUR VIDEO GAMES sheesh we can chill with some animes later
turn that light off .
bird out .
BIRDDATE : X175-1C
woke up in a cardboard box again .
thought i went on a bender with them hummingbirds but my poohole was n't bleeding .
yet
nectar gives me fire cheeks
think i'll just chillax here .
i chirpchirpchirp in in comes the food FUDGE YEAH never knew i liked burritos
when i get outta here peeps will ask me if i missed my wife and i'll say yeah but then i'll whisper YEAH I MISSED HER NAGGING THE SHIT OUT OF ME
" hey pick up that stick for our nest " yeah listen that stick 's a piece of garbage like yer deadbeat brother .
get him outta HERE do n't care bout his dead leaves
then when he leaves i'll say " egg- cellent . " put that on a t - shirt .
THEN GET OUTTA MY WAY CUZ I TANGLED WITH A CAT AND LIVED HOMBRE
A " Nobel Prize sperm bank " – set up in 1981 to sell the seed of Nobel winners in particular and men with high I.Q.s in general – resulted in the birth of more than 200 children .
It shut down in 1999 amid longstanding accusations of elitism and racism .
( guardian.co.uk )
Albert Einstein lost most of his Nobel Prize money in bad bond investments on Wall Street . ( boston.com )
Harry Potter author J.K. Rowling made $ 10.28 per second last year .
( forbes.com )
King Henry VIII went from a 32 - inch waist early in his rule to a 54 - inch waist near the end .
At his death , he weighed just under 420 pounds .
( From How Fat Was Henry VIII ? , telegraph.co.uk )
Chimpanzees can identify their acquaintances by looking at photos of their rear ends .
( news.nationalgeographic.com )
Human toothpaste contains foaming agents that could make a dog vomit .
( Modern Dog magazine )
Insects generally can't become obese .
" There are exceptions , but few can afford to get too fat – anything that interferes with their bodily function prevents reproduction ...
For example , sap - sucking insects get far too much sugar from plant sap , but instead of becoming uselessly fat , most dump the excess as honeydew or convert it into waxy armour . " ( www.newscientist.com)
John Lydon , a.k.a.
Sex Pistols punk rocker Johnny Rotten , has filmed a British TV commercial for Country Life Butter . ( youtube.com )
On average , " 24 more people died in car crashes during voting hours on ( U.S. ) presidential election days than on other October and November Tuesdays .
That amounts to an 18 per cent increased risk of death . " ( livescience.com )
October is National Sarcastic Awareness Month .
Among the instructive examples cited by the Sarcasm Society : " I have had a perfectly wonderful evening , but this was n't it , " " It 's always darkest before it turns absolutely pitch black " and " I feel so miserable without you , it 's almost like having you here . " ( brownielocks.com/october.html ; sarcasmsociety.com )
John Sakamoto
Click to viewIs Joss Whedon 's edgy new show Dollhouse doomed before it starts ?
I know as much as you do .
I do know one thing , though : it 's going to be the best thing he 's ever done .
Do n't let the nay - sayers weigh you down - Joss ' tale of a woman whose mind has been erased ( to make way for whatever personality a paying client wants ) is going to be better than Firefly or Buffy .
And I 'll tell you exactly why , but you 'll have to read some spoilers to get there .
It 's a much cooler concept .
Let 's face it : Firefly and Buffy had weak concepts , and they soared thanks to masterful execution .
A gun-slinging crew of Western frontier bandits in space ?
A teenage girl who fights vampires and demons in between running for homecoming queen ?
Neither of those ideas particularly screams " masterwork " to me .
Advertisement
Meanwhile , Dollhouse ?
It has one of the most intriguing concepts I 've ever come across , right off the bat .
In a sea of " ordinary person gets brainchip / spy computer in brain / mutant powers / introduced to a mad scientist " shows , Dollhouse instantly stands out .
It 's the story of Echo ( Eliza Duskhu ) , who 's basically the property of the eponymous Dollhouse .
For a fee , you can have Echo imprinted with any personality , any memories , any skills , you require .
( And she does pro bono work sometimes . )
But Echo , who 's supposed to be a blank slate , is starting to gain self - awareness , and remember who she really is .
She has to fight for her identity , but the Dollhouse stands ready to destroy her if she shows any signs of self - awareness .
Yes , that 's a high - concept premise , and it's hard to make it work as a weekly TV show .
Luckily - see above - Joss Whedon 's strong suit is execution .
He 's actually much better at making things work than he is at coming up with intriguing concepts in the first place .
So , if he starts out with an intriguing concept and then brings his mastery of execution to it ?
It will rule .
Automatically .
Which brings me to ...
Advertisement
Each episode is twisty and thriller - ish .
I 've read a ton of script pages from various episodes of Dollhouse , and one thing is pretty clear to me :
This show is not a slow , cerebral dystopia where people look at their hands and say things like , " Why are these hands not free ? "
Or whatever .
At their best , the Dollhouse scripts remind me of season - two Buffy : there are bad guys , and weird , horrible schemes , and every week nothing is quite what you think .
For example , the person who 's hired Echo does n't always have the motives you think he or she does .
The person that Echo has been programmed to be is n't always who you expect at first .
There are always more layers , and it 's wrapped up in an action - adventure framework .
( I also believe Joss when he says Fox 's interference made it better and more exciting this time around , because it seems like the more recent scripts I 've seen have been punchier . )
Think Alias , except that it all makes sense in the end .
Cracks are wised , faces are punched , explosions are exploded .
It 's a thrill - ride .
And then laid on top of that are the show 's ongoing plots and themes about Echo discovering herself .
Which leads me to ...
Echo's not just a tool , week after week .
That was the danger with this show — that Echo would just be carrying out missions , week in and week out , without any real self - awareness or free will .
That would be hard to identify with , and even harder to root for .
I asked Joss Whedon about this , when I got to interview him briefly at Comic - Con , and he had clearly thought this through .
His answer : it 's not just about Echo being whoever she 's programmed to be , from week to week .
It 's about her fighting to be a person , in spite of all the forces wanting her to be a tool .
And meanwhile ...
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
It has a pretty great supporting cast .
I would pretty much watch Tahmoh Penikett try to refinance his mortgage .
As Paul Ballard , the FBI agent who keeps investigating the Dollhouse even though everybody insists it 's a myth , he 's bound to be a compelling character — even if they do n't keep in the scene where he does
Thai kick - boxing while brooding about his tough case .
And from what I 've seen from clips and trailers , the rest of the cast is equally strong , delivering the trademark Whedon quips and knife - edge dialogue with panache .
They 're all going to have subplots and backstories , and I 'm kind of fascinated to see it all unfolde .
Like , just where did Amy Acker 's Dr. Claire Saunders get her scars ?
Why does Boyd , the handler of the mind - wiped " Actives , " keep doing his job even though he has moral qualms about it ?
And why is Topher , the computer geek who programs the " Actives , " such a sadistic weirdo ?
All questions I 'm going to be obsessing about for months , and hopefully years .
You can read a lot of stuff into its underlying metaphor .
Advertisement
That 's really the litmus test of great art : can you see different messages in it , depending on what you bring to it ?
Or is it going to hit you with a sledgehammer until you accept the message it wants you to have ?
Firefly passed that test with flying Adam Baldwins , and so will Dollhouse .
( Without the Baldwin part . )
Are you a Conservative who believes in rugged individualism ?
Dollhouse is about someone fighting for her individuality , who can't be suppressed or destroyed by oppressive forces .
Hate our orgiastic , hedonistic society , that turns people into pieces of meat ?
Dollhouse is right there with you .
Do you think corporations are the devil , with better shoes ?
Dollhouse is about an evil corporation .
Do you fear technology ?
Come on in .
Etc. etc.
Basically , we wo n't know until Dollhouse airs quite how well the whole shebang comes together .
But I 'm already predicting , based on what I 've seen so far , that it 'll be Whedon 's masterwork .
Whether it 'll be his doomed masterwork or his triumphant return is up to the sadistic gods of television , of course .
Rebutting Obsession
Historical Facts Topple Film's Premise That Violent Muslim Fundamentalists are Nazis ' Heirs , Expose its Fear - mongering
by Rabbi Haim Dov Beliak , Eli Clifton , Jane Hunter and Robin Podolsky , November 2 , 2008
" If you want to get people to fight , you have to make them think there 's a threat and they 're in danger . "
Itamar Marcus , Obsession
Introduction : Obsession vs. The Facts
Contents Of This Special Section On Obsession
JewsOnFirst , an organization dedicated to the protection of the separation of church and state under the First Amendment , has published Rebutting Obsession : Historical Facts Topple Film's Premise that Violent Muslim Fundamentalists are Nazis ' Heirs , Expose its Fear - mongering , a devastating critique of Obsession : Radical Islam 's War Against the West .
Obsession , a 2005 film that , in the name of exposing violent fundamentalism , casts suspicion on all Muslims , experienced increased exposure this fall , when the mysterious Clarion Fund initiated the unsolicited distribution of millions of DVD inserts inside swing state newspapers .
Contents Of This Special Section
In support of the rebuttal , JewsOn First also offers a slide presentation summarizing the key arguments , as well as profiles of the supposed experts interviewed in the film .
Key arguments made in JewsOn First 's Rebutting Obsession are :
Obsession and the " expert " viewpoints presented in it represent the ideology of the far right wing within the Republican Party , which seeks to intervene in the Presidential election with a distraction from the current economic turmoil .
Obsession ignores the geopolitical environment in which radical Islam was cultured , and makes a baseless argument that such fundamentalism is the ideological descendent of Nazism .
Obsession seeks , at a time of economic pain and cultural division to permit the viewer to project all real or imaginary fears and anxieties onto Muslims , as an alien and externalized enemy .
This propaganda mirrors the situation faced by Japanese Americans during World War II and non-Anglo - Saxon immigrants in the 20th century .
Such divisiveness actually weakens America by threatening our principles of cultural coexistence and religious freedom .
The " experts " presented in Obsession have limited experience in the Middle East , few speak Arabic or Farsi and most have limited or no academic background in Islam or the Koran .
They represent a fringe group of Middle East " specialists " who align themselves with the Likud party in Israel and Christian evangelical and pro-settler lobbies in the United States .
Finally , Obsession , despite its half - hearted disclaimer that radical Muslims are a small minority , seeks to promote the concept of a violent clash of civilizations instead of cultural coexistence and religious pluralism .
by Eli Clifton
1. Whose Obsession And With What ?
The film , Obsession , purports to be about national security issues ; but it does not offer the kind of careful analysis that such crucially important topics deserve .
Instead , it offers an agenda - driven combination of emotionally laden images , distortions , omissions and , deliberately or not , outright misstatements .
It is our assertion that this film 's title , Obsession , works as a command as much as a description .
We believe that the attitudes and ideologies appearing to drive the film are mirror images of those that the makers of Obsession impute to what they dub " radical Islam : " a unifying , objectifying fear and hatred of a collection of disparate countries , religious orientations , ethnicities and political cliques that combines them into one powerful , inexplicable , alien enemy – one that , the film hints ominously , includes our Muslim fellow citizens and recent immigrants to our country .
At a time of transition and economic pain for the United States , Obsession builds an epic narrative that allows the viewer to project all of his or her real and various fears and anxieties onto one externalized , hated foe .
Most dangerously , the film is structured to belie its ostensible disclaimer of any intention to portray the entirety of Islam as a violent and hateful religion .
Stock footage of Muslims bowing in prayer or circling the Ka'aba at Mecca are interspersed with frightening images of gun-wielding youths and speakers who misuse traditional Islamic concepts such as jihad to incite violence .
Eerie , " Middle Eastern " - sounding world - beat music sets off both sets of clips .
The frankly anti-Islamic message of Obsession is most apparent when the viewer is being warned about the " danger at home . "
Undercutting the narrators ' assurances that the masses of peaceful , " good " Muslims are not to blame and ought not to feel insulted by any insinuation they might infer from Obsession , is the repetition of the word " infiltrated , " and the frightening message that the saboteurs among us may be indistinguishable by dress , manner or any outward sign – save that they are Muslim .
To understand why this is dangerous , one need only remember the situation , during World War II , of Japanese Americans and the stigma faced earlier in the 20th century by non-Anglo - Saxon immigrants , including Jews1 .
Anyone needing reassurance after viewing Obsession might find it in remembering the degree to which all of those groups have , after all the fuss , helped to shape and become shaped by the culture of our country .
The Worst Accusation
Key to the Obsession narrative is an attempt to portray violent Islamic fundamentalism as a seamless continuation of Nazi fascism .
Obsession strafes us with images , such as recurrent footage of the 9/11 attacks conflated with film from the Holocaust , to which we can't help but respond viscerally .
It means to conflate outrage against these crimes with an acceptance of the very particular politics of the film , and to imply that a failure to accept the latter is a betrayal of the victims of the former .
We are asked to forget the Cold War decades that elapsed between World War II and the rise of violent fundamentalism in the Middle East in order to associate that fundamentalism with the movement that in the West has become a key signifier of radical evil .
The argument that what Obsession 's pundits persist in calling " radical Islam " is a direct ideological descendant of Nazi fascism , depends , as we will show , on staggering omissions and distortions .
Any viewer who is effectively dissuaded from carrying on further research by fear of what the talking heads of Obsession dub political correctness , and what others might call a healthy curiosity , might come away from Obsession with a picture of history in which whole decades -- those in which the Cold War and the struggles for independence by formerly colonized nations that configured much of international politics -- never happened .
Obsession 's invocation of the now familiar right - wing meme , " politically correct " is augmented with pseudo - psychological reflections about " denial . "
That discussion is punctuated with an image that has an inescapable , visceral effect on most Americans and any Jew watching the film : footage of a ranting Adolf Hitler .
Itamar Marcus2 of Palestinian Media Watch compares " the press " of today to Neville Chamberlain .
The makers of Obsession wish for its audience to commit to the idea that " radical Islam " represents the sort of threat ( that word is repeated over and over by the talking heads ) that the Nazis did – and to regard their Muslim American neighbors with the suspicion that they might harbor within themselves just that degree of evil .
The film juxtaposes footage of Hitler youth with awful scenes of very young children in Muslim and Arab societies purportedly being taught to envision themselves as soldiers and to parrot statements of deep contempt for Jews .
( A professional translator has determined that , in at least one such scene that purports to children preparing to become suicide bombers , the on - screen translation is skewed to the point of misrepresentation .
Please see Obsession 's Translation Errors . )
Some of the most repulsive footage shown is taken from a Syrian movie made for satellite television called Al - Shatat .
The film presents the ancient blood libel , first propagated by the medieval Christian church , that Jews slaughter Christian children in order to use their blood in making the Passover ritual bread .
However , even Bernard Lewis , advocate of the " clash of civilizations " theory , indicates that such imagery did not gain immediate currency among Muslims during World War II but has increased dramatically since the 1967 war leading to the occupation and military rule by Israel , of land inhabited by Palestinians who are not Israeli citizens .
3
It is imperative to bear in mind that , before the military conflicts occasioned by the establishment of the state of Israel , the Christian blood libel was almost unheard - of among Muslims .
Most Muslim countries contained sizable Jewish populations that had been mostly stable for centuries , albeit , as minority cultures , vulnerable .
It is not our purpose here to try to untangle the knot of national awakenings , religious imperatives and material needs that came into conflict between nascent Israelis and Palestinians in the 20th century or to go into questions of what might have been done differently .
We may simply observe that many Arabs in what the British occupiers called the Palestinian Mandate in the years before 1948 were excited at the prospect that their European overlords would leave the land and unwilling to accept a new influx of people whom they perceived as Western occupiers .
On their own side , increasing numbers of Jews who entered Palestine as Nazism grew stronger and Eastern Europe roiled with political conflict considered themselves to be returning , in an hour of great need , to their legitimate , long - awaited homeland and could not perceive a difference between those Arabs who met them with hostility and the violent anti-Semites who had attacked them in the Diaspora .
Much is made , in Obsession , of the alliance , during World War II between the Mufti of Jerusalem , Haj Amin al - Husseini , and Adolf Hitler , and of the participation in the war of a brigade of Bosnian Muslims , on the Nazi side .
( No mention is made of those Bosnian Muslims , who risked their lives in the anti-Nazi resistance ; for example , the famous Dervis Korkut , who risked his life to save the Sarajevo Haggadah .
4 )
Indeed , John Loftus , perhaps the most radical of Obsession 's pundits , asserts – with no evident documentation – that Muslims came from all over the Arab world to fight for the Nazis .
Contents Of This Special Section
Contents Of This Special Section On Obsession
There is no question that the Mufti collaborated with the Nazis .
Because of their hatred for Jews , al - Husseini saw in the Nazis allies for his central fight , resistance to what he considered European colonialism in the form of Zionism – which stood as an impediment to an independent Palestinian state .
Obsession implies that their shared antipathy toward Jews amounted to a unique sort of ideological agreement between the Mufti and the Nazi regime .
However , while overarching conflicts do shape global events , alliances do not divide up neatly on the basis of seamless ideological agreement .
What might be regarded either as the Mufti's opportunism or as his engagement with realpolitik had its many duplicates in the leaders of countries and political factions that are now regarded as allies of the West .
For example , In Latvia , Estonia and other Eastern European collaborator states , there is little doubt that a shared cultural hatred of Jews , who were portrayed by local rightists and the new " liberating " Nazis as the beneficiaries of the previous Soviet occupation of the Baltic states , existed .
During the Soviet occupation of September 1939 through June 1941 , Gentile and Jewish Estonians , Latvians and Lithuanians were sent to Siberia , but the old anti-Semitic tropes sufficed to help to fuel the idea of Jewish special privileges .
Yet there is very much doubt that the makers of Obsession would want to paint current NATO allies or pro-United States members of the European Union as incipient fascists – or intractable anti-Semites .
Other examples abound .
Several key fighters for Irish independence from Britain , including figures who were prominent in the mainstream Irish party , Fianna Fail , and in the Irish Republican Army , which now shares a government with its formerly hated Protestant rivals , traveled to Germany during WWII .
They sought friendly relations with the country that they regarded as a useful ally against their main enemy , England , 5 as did the anti-British Iraqi rebel , Rashid Ali al - Kailani .
The Finnish government not only fought with Germany on the Eastern Front but also fielded Jewish troops to fight by side - by - side with Nazis . 6
( The protracted contemplation of that fact might make some members of Obsession 's intended audience far more nauseous than repeated viewings of Al - Shatat ever could . )
Questions remain about whether Pope Pius XII7 , a possible candidate for sainthood , refrained from challenging the Nazi regime openly because he regarded the Bolsheviks to be a worse evil .
For that matter , anti-Zionists often point gleefully to those Zionists who worked with the German government to get Jews out of the country and into Palestine in order to save their lives .
8
All of these forces and factions found points of agreement with which to appeal to the Nazi government to form practical arrangements based on what they believed to be their political and existential interests .
Anthropologist Osama Doumani , who lived in Palestine during the war , writes that the Mufti's " pro-German stance represented an extant sentiment of a section of the Palestinian people at the time , certainly not a position held by all . "
Writes Doumani : " Most Palestinians in the 1930s were still rural , illiterate or semi-literate people , living off the land .
Even the townsfolk had no idea what Hitler stood for or what Nazism was all about .
They would have been horrified to learn that he classified them , along with the Jews , toward the bottom of humanity ! "
A look at the book , Israel 's Holocaust and the Politics of Nationhood , by Idith Zertal9 , indicates that David Ben- Gurion ( Israel 's first prime minister , from May 14 , 1948 until 1963 ) was one of the first Jewish political figures to make much of the Mufti 's alliance with Hitler ; he did so in the context of Israel 's trial of Nazi administrator Adolf Eichmann in 1961 in service of the idea that only a strong , militarized Israel could protect world Jewry against the ongoing threat of anti-Semitism .
According to Zertal , Ben-Gurion wanted to unite , in the public mind , the centuries - long history of European Jew - hatred with the newly kindled antagonism between Jews and Arabs in the Middle East in order to resist all political attempts to replace his government with one more sympathetic to the claims of Israel 's Arab citizens and neighbors or with displaced Arab refugees .
This move was an attempt to invest Ben-Gurion 's political direction with the moral authority accorded to the struggles against Nazism and anti-Semitism .
Zertal reports that State Prosecutor Gideon Hausner over - stressed the Mufti's role in his interrogation of Eichmann on the orders of Ben-Gurion .
Zertal indicates that , while Hitler and the advantages he could offer may have been important to al - Husseini , the Mufti was never of great importance to Hitler or to his staff .
It is worth noting here how strongly Ben-Gurion and his political allies objected to Hannah Arendt 's well - known book about the Eichmann trial , Eichmann in Jerusalem : A Report on the Banality of Evil10 ; in particular to Arendt 's devastating portrait of Eichmann , not as a fascinating monster , but as a mediocre little man who supervised mass murder with the same striving diligence that he would have devoted to the export of paper clips , a corporate team player whose sole genius was in organization and who could only express himself in clichés .
It is striking how offensive this portrait of Eichmann became to those who were engaged in spinning a grand narrative of an ongoing heroic battle .
What looks to be the current hunger of the makers of Obsession for an epic struggle with a suitably impressive opponent resembles Ben-Gurion 's desire for a hideously impressive adversary to figure in the narrative of the need for his leadership .
World War II demonstrated how geopolitics makes for bedfellows that , looking backward , can appear very strange .
We could find further illustrations of this idea by looking at the period that is entirely elided in Obsession , the decades of the Cold War .
The great divide between West and East after World War II ended , and until the fall of the Soviet Union , was not about Islam but about political and economic systems and access to raw materials .
It is well to remember , in this context , that for a brief period , the emergent state of Israel was courted by the Soviets as much as by the United States , which had come out of the war as the West 's dominant power .
Following the United States , the Soviet Union was the second nation to recognize Israel .
Things changed , of course , as Israel became aligned firmly with the US and the longstanding cultural anti-Semitism of Russia and Eastern Europe became conflated with the USSR 's anti-religiosity .
For much of this period , the dominant trends in the Arab world and within countries in which Islam was the majority religion were secular nationalism , including Pan-Arabism , and various sorts of Marxism .
The program of the Palestinian Liberation Organization , for example , which emerged as the dominant voice and leading faction of the Palestinian national movement called , before acceding to a two - state solution , for the replacement of Israel , not with an Islamic state , but with a democratic secular state in which no religion would be distinguished with special prerogatives .
11
As the alliance between the United States and Israel strengthened , each country shared with the other its own particular unpopularity in the Middle East .
As bulwarks against Soviet influence , the United States threw its support behind several hated dictators , including Saddam Hussein and the autocratic shah of Iran .
Contents Of This Special Section On Obsession
Of course , for its part , the Soviet Union also was involved with equally atrocious dictators such as Syria 's Hafiz Assad and , eventually , found itself bogged down in a seemingly endless war of conquest in Afghanistan .
Soviet brutality and contempt for Afghan independence fostered hatred , not only of socialist and left - wing movements but also for modernist Western - influenced culture .12
After 1967 , the state of Israel took over land that was mostly owned by Palestinians but had been governed , uneasily and violently , by the king of Jordan .
Israel maintained a policy opposed to the establishment of a neighboring Palestinian state and fought a constantly simmering , and sometimes boiling , war against Palestinian forces , in particular the PLO 's government in exile , based primarily in refugee camps in Lebanon .
This PLO infrastructure maintained hospitals , libraries , social welfare organizations and many other community functions .
The Palestinians , while officially supported in their aspirations by most Arab regimes , were often engaged in confrontations with those governments .
Theirmovements tended to oppose such traditional hierarchal regimes as those in Kuwait or Saudi Arabia .
Itinerant workers and businesspeople , with an average level of education higher than that in much of the Middle East , Palestinians tended to make trouble , forming labor unions , organizing students and despising monarchies on principle .13
Contents Of This Special Section
In the 1980s , both the United States and Israel hit on the strategy of encouraging religious social movements as counter - forces to those – the Soviets and the PLO – they opposed .
Fundamentalist movements that would evolve into the Taliban , Al Qaeda and Hamas were aided and , in some cases funded , by American and Israeli intelligence forces .
14
( Ironically , according to Osama Doumani , the Fatah movement of the PLO had initially received some covert support from Israel in the hope that it would be a counterforce to the Popular Front for the Liberation of Palestine ( PFLP ) . )
This support for fundamentalist Islamic groups coincided with the Lebanon war , in which much of the PLO infrastructure was destroyed .
Generally speaking , religion began to replace nationalism after 1967 .
Islamic fundamentalism picked up steam in Egypt under Anwar Sadat in the early 1970s because he wanted to counter the Nasserites by promoting the Muslim Brotherhood , and was further advanced in 1979 by the rise to power , in Iran , of a government that granted significant state power to conservative mullahs , such as Ayatollah Khomeni .
Hamas , as an organization , appeared in the ninth month of the first intifada , September 1988 .
Hezbollah and other Shi'ite resistance appeared in Lebanon after the Israeli invasion of 1982 and the expulsion of the PLO.15
The collapse of the Soviet Union , the carnage in Lebanon , and the doubts and divisions growing within the nationalist left , created conditions in which fundamentalist forces were able to grow and to position themselves as a new , vigorous and wholesome force that would battle internal corruption along with all external forces that sought dominion .
16
We see none of this history presented in Obsession .
Instead , toward the end of the movie , footage of the 9/11 attack on the World Trade Center is intercut with scenes from the Holocaust .
The emotional power of each set of images builds our vulnerability to the impact of the next .
2. Obsession : The Movie
Obsession opens with a quote from the conservative philosopher Edmund Burke : " The only thing necessary for the triumph of evil is for good men to do nothing . "
We are shown an image of a masked gunman , then offered the assurance that since " most Muslims are peaceful , this film is not talking about them " – after which what looks like a bloodstain becomes the traditional Islamic symbol , the Star and Crescent , to which is slowly added a gun .
( The reader is invited to imagine how a clip of film made by a Muslim director , purporting to tell the " truth " about the West and opening with a similarly sinister image of a Christian Cross or Star of David would be received . )
At this point the scary music , which has been keening quietly in the background , rises to a crescendo , and we are off .
The first commentator we see is Walid Shoebat .
Shoebat now earns a living speaking and writing as an evangelical Christian who used to be a Muslim Palestinian terrorist .
However , a report in the Jerusalem Post17 , a publication not usually noted for sympathies that might lead it to go easy on terrorism , questions whether Shoebat has ever been involved with any violent terrorist act or , as he claims , a practicing Muslim .
Shoebat 's narration paints a picture of Americans going about their daily lives in innocent ignorance when , suddenly , we are plunged into trauma - recalling images of the Twin Towers in flames .
In rapid succession , hideous pictures of the carnage in New York are juxtaposed of equally horrific footage from bombings in Madrid , London , Bali , and of the school hostage crisis in Beslan , Russia , during which hundreds of people died in the course of a government raid .
The inclusion of Beslan in this initial whirlwind tour of terrorist violence exemplifies the lack of careful analysis that characterizes Obsession .
First of all , in contrast to the deliberate bombings first mentioned , there is no doubt that the way in which the raid on the school , occupied by armed Chechen rebels , was handled by the Russian government , is responsible for the enormous loss of life .
Second , the conflation of a nationalist movement that arose out of a fight for sovereign independence , and against the annexation of its country into Russia , with the internationalist Al Qaeda , which fights for a worldwide Muslim Caliphate18 is an example of the failure of Obsession 's makers to put the events it considers into their own particular socio-economic context .
Instead , the film 's director , Wayne Kopping said in an interview that this sequence is intended to show that these attacks are all fronts in the same war .
19 ( It will be interesting , as relations between the United States and Russia become more strained , to see how this simplified narrative plays out .
Currently , the militarist right wing in the United States is pushing for NATO 's inclusion of Georgia and the Ukraine .
This is a move that could oblige us to war with Russia if that nation attacks a NATO country .
What then ?
Would not the Chechen rebels become our brave allies , as did fundamentalist forerunners of the Taliban in Afghanistan ? )
20
The introductory section of the film establishes the motif that will recur throughout : the double move in which we are assured that Muslims are not , in the main , sympathetic to terrorists – and are then confronted with stock images of praying Muslims accompanied by that same haunting music , which has , by now , become marked as a signifier for the alien menace , juxtaposed with violent leaders of Hezbollah and Hamas and angry young men destroying American flags .
We are reminded pointedly that there are approximately a billion Muslims in the world .
We are invited to wonder what percentage of them supports " radical Islam . "
Then we are assured by Daniel Pipes that the figure is about 10 percent , maybe 15 percent .
A few things need pointing out .
First of all , 10 or 15 percent is nothing close to a majority .
Second , we are not told what " support " means or what evidence backs this statistic .
Is Pipes discussing armed fighters or people whose only show of support lies in expressing angry sentiments to a pollster ?
Contents Of This Special Section
Contents Of This Special Section On Obsession
It may be useful here to interject some recent polling data that serves to render Arab and Muslim attitudes toward the West and United States at once more complicated and more explicable than the way they are presented in this film .
According to polls conducted this year by the Pew Global Attitudes Project , majorities in seven out of ten Muslim countries do indeed disapprove of terrorism ( Jordan and Egypt are divided , although the sharp upward trend in the last two years in Jordan ( 32 percent increase ) is to reject terrorism , as it is in Pakistan ( 23 percent increase ) .
Only in Nigeria , in sub-Saharan Africa with its own preoccupying inter-religious dynamics , did a majority show sympathy for terrorism . )
The vast majority of Western Muslims reject terrorism altogether .
However , even within those populations in the Muslim world that reject terrorism and / or Osama bin Laden , negative opinions of the West remain high .
It does not seem to be the case that disapproval of the West necessarily indicates sympathy for violent fundamentalism , although it is true that violent Islamic fundamentalists utilize anger at what is perceived as Western aggression as a means to recruit .
Nor is disapproval of the West necessarily motivated by religion .
Another recent poll , taken in Iran by WorldPublicOpinion.org , demonstrated a strong differentiation among many Iranians between Europe , which they tend to view favorably , and the United States , of which , at least as far as its policies go , they tend to disapprove .
This same poll points to a significant plurality that would welcome negotiations with the United States and , also , a peace agreement to establish an independent Palestinian state – neighboring , not erasing , the state of Israel .
This complicates the idea promoted by Obsession , that , for all Muslims , " the West " is seen as a monolith .
It does remain the case that , as anti-intuitive as it may seem to most Americans , Israel is still regarded throughout much of the Arab world , and other Muslim countries , such as Iran , as a provocative extension of the United States ' hegemonic power in the Middle East .
Furthermore , the war in Iraq has driven down approval of the United States .
21 Obsession promotes a " clash of civilizations " perspective .
It 's as though all geopolitics comes down to a contest between two internally unified opponents : " the Muslim world " and " the West . "
The film makes no mention of the intricacies of national , sectarian and cultural interests that intersect in both groupings and around which alliances have shifted in the past and will , certainly , shift again .
Here is a small list of examples of the complicating factors that are not discussed in Obsession :
The convulsion of armed conflict among Sunni , Kurdish and Shia Muslims in Iraq following the deposition of Saddam Hussein 's regime and the extent to which separation into walled ethnic districts has been necessary to diminish the violence ;
The extent to which conflicts between Islamic sects influence politics among Muslims generally ;
The delicacy with which the ( mostly Shia and Persian , not Arab ) Iranian government at first abjured criticizing the initial U.S. invasion of Iraq , because that incursion resulted in the destruction of a ruthless enemy with which it had fought a war during the period when Saddam was backed by the United States ;
The pragmatic alliance between Iran , which has a hybrid theocracy - parliamentary democracy , and Syria , the last Ba'athist , secular dictatorship ;
The defeat , in Pakistan – by a coalition in which liberal ( unscarfed ! )
Muslims pushing for democratic reforms were strong – of a repressive dictator who had been backed , as an ally in its –war on terror ' by the Bush administration ;
And the situation in Africa 's Sudan , where one of the most horrifically genocidal acts ever committed by a Muslim - dominated government has been perpetrated in Darfur against fellow Muslims for reasons that have to do with politics , oil , money and " race , " and nothing at all to do with religion .
All of this is to demonstrate that attitudes among Muslims – Arab , Persian or otherwise – with regard to the United States and Europe are as situational and fluid as any other political actors ' would be .
Through the Looking Glass
The traditional Islamic concept of jihad is treated as crudely as all else in the film .
Again , the ostensible message , that mainstream Muslims must be distinguished from fanatics , is undercut by juxtapositions of women who appear to be going about daily business on the street , people praying ; preachers calling for jihad in a general way that could be taken to mean the traditional call for self - reflection and internal struggle – and Palestinian children reciting poetry in anticipation of their own violent deaths .
At this point , not for the only time , this film displays its own mirror image .
Various Muslim speakers are shown suggesting that the United States is waging war on Islam and means to destroy it .
This is , of course , just what Obsession is saying with regard to " radical Islam " and its intentions toward the West .
Proponents of the film might argue that the United States is not bombing civilian Muslim targets ; but , of course , that 's exactly how the bombing of Iraq and the carpet bombing of Lebanon by Israel , which is viewed as a U.S. proxy , with anti-personnel weapons during the summer conflict of 2006 are seen .
One of the uglier sequences in the film makes cynical use of Dr. Khaleel Mohammed of San Diego State University .
Indeed , Dr. Mohammed has since condemned Obsession as a " vile piece of propagand a " 22 for which he has been " used . "
Dr. Mohammed reminds the audiences that the traditional meaning of the word jihad is indeed " self - struggle , " a meaning confirmed by the avuncular John Loftus ( left ) , identified only as " a former federal prosecutor .
" 23 Just as the viewer may be settling into a sense of warm admiration for this admirable idea , up pops Shoebat again with the attention - getting remark , " Jihad may mean self - struggle– but so does Mein Kampf . "
Suddenly , the nuanced meaning of jihad is obliterated , and we are advised that today , jihad " means struggle against the Jews . "
Lest we misunderstand , we are treated to what has become viral YouTube footage of Sheikh Dr. Bakr al - Samarai having an especially wacky moment while preaching at Baghdad 's Al - Gailani mosque .
Is the viewer to understand from this hateful image , employed in Obsession in connection with the concept of jihad , that those Muslims , in the United States and elsewhere , who take back the traditional use of the word and advocate for a jihad of the soul are to fear being labeled as terrorist sympathizers ?
Contents Of This Special Section
Obsession takes particular issue with the notion that antipathy for the United States in either the Arab or Muslim worlds ( which often are conflated , or used as synonyms in this film , even when footage from a non-Arab country , such as Iran , is being shown–in fact , the film shifts from Arab to Farsi often , with no indication of such switching is given in the subtitles ) might be attributable to any concrete set of causes .
Speakers such as Nonie Darwish , a convert to Christianity and U.S. resident who was the daughter of an Egyptian army officer , insist that any attempt at introspection on the part of the people of the United States following the 9/11 attacks represents either craven self - hatred or a na–ve misunderstanding of why the attacks were perpetrated .
24 Itamar Marcus of Palestinian Media
Watch assures us that contrary to what " academia and the media " might hint , there is nothing to be gained from trying to understand violent attacks on the United States by Islamic fundamentalists in terms of any causality at all other than " ideology . "
We are not to wonder why such ideology might be persuasive and to whom .
It just is .
Immediately thereafter , however , commentators begin to suggest an analysis that they find acceptable .
Loftus reappears to observe , cannily enough , that for dictators , another enemy of the people serves as a convenient distraction .
Other pundits , including Darwish , chime in to agree that a society can be effectively distracted from its own problems and internal inequalities by a mobilization against a common , external threat .
No kidding .
Again , Obsession mirrors itself .
If the viewer is willing to resist the scolding and risk the pollution of self - hatred that must accompany an attempt to figure out why this decade has seen such a sharp rise in violent Islamic fundamentalism , then what is presented in Obsession as hateful and demonizing Islamic propaganda might provide a clue .
Many of the examples of so - called Islamist propaganda that are decried in the film turn out to be news footage of the war in Iraq or videos that incorporate such clips .
Much of what is shown will appear extreme to American audiences who do n't watch foreign news broadcasts .
We have learned to register a cliché when newscasters talk of " kicking down doors " and we have seen footage of the actual kicking ; but we rarely see footage of what follows .
The " propaganda " shows terrified women and children held at gunpoint , beatings , dead civilians , missile attacks on residential areas .
A thickening anger on the part of viewers who identify more with the civilians than with the soldiers , and who have watched these images of an actual war , initiated by the United States , for years , can hardly be reduced to " ideology . "
3. What 's This in Aid Of ?
Viewed cold , the film , titled Obsession , appears to be concerned with a single issue : what its subtitle calls " Radical Islam 's war against the West . "
However , as has been well documented , the Clarion Fund , the 501 ( c ) ( 3 ) organization that produced and promotes distribution of the film , appears to be composed of people with links to the organized conservative movement in the United States and to the Israeli political right .25
For fear of seeming partisan , and because he has had second thoughts about the hatred and suspicion that this film may provoke , Howard Gordon , executive producer of the TV series " 24 , " has recanted his endorsement of Obsession , which was quoted on the box containing the DVD .
As quoted in The Jewish Journal of Greater Los Angeles , 26 Gordon said : " The goal of co-existence and tolerance is not being served by films like Obsession . "
Contents Of This Special Section On Obsession
In this context , it is useful to look at a key talking point of 2008 Republican presidential candidate John McCain .
It must be emphasized here that the use of this example is not intended to indicate that the McCain campaign had a direct hand in making or distributing Obsession , or that the Clarion Fund 's effort will cease after the November election .
( To the contrary : a second film , The Third Jihad , expected to have a life after the election , is already in the works . )
On the other hand , it is worth paying heed to the words of Tom Trento , founder of the website watchobsession.org , who says : " I 'm doing a major educational outreach effort with this movie that will continue long after the election , but certainly I have a goal to wake people up and have them vote intelligently for our national security – John McCain is the best choice .
"
27
Senator McCain has been consistent in referring to what he calls " the struggle against radical Islamic extremism " as a " transcendent struggle between good and evil .
" 28 McCain also has said : " Any president who does not regard this threat as transcending all others does not deserve to sit in the White House .
" 29 All other threats and in all contexts ?
( One immediately wonders about where nuclear proliferation or , in that context , the growing tension between the United States and Russia , or the threat of a global economic depression might fit . )
Along those lines , it is not insignificant that , on October 6 , a McCain adviser was widely quoted as wanting to " turn the page " on the economic crisis .
That favorite adjective , " transcendent , " is telling .
We are not only being distracted from the manifold , unglamorous , murky aspects of our economic calamities , we are invited to direct our gaze upward – we are uplifted – into a glorious heroic narrative .
In the face of squalid and baffling everyday frustrations , we are offered a gift of permanent meaning .30
Is there any problem ?
Of course .
Just not like they say there is .
Certainly , some of the material drawn from popular Islamic cultures that Obsession displays is highly disturbing .
There is a special perversity about children being taught to embrace a life of permanent warfare .
The crudity and vehemence of categorical bias expressed against Jews and Americans is painful to watch and reflects a real antagonism .
On the other hand , it would be wrong to imagine that the bias goes only in one direction .
Al - Jazeera 's Stacey Kaufman has collected footage of small - town Ohio voters who turned out for a Sarah Palin rally referring ( as though it were an insult ) to Senator Barack Obama as a Muslim ( he is , of course , a Christian ) ; suggesting that when a " nigra " runs for president of the United States , he must be a manipulated front for some unseen force ; and yelling abuse at Obama supporters , one of whom indicates that he has been called " the n- word " ( he appears to be white ) and threatened with physical harm .
31 Doubtless most Americans would be embarrassed and insulted if this behavior was viewed overseas as representative of our country – and yet the behavior and the thinking behind it do characterize a small but dangerous minority .
In Obsession , other examples of what are presented as the unique problems associated with Arab culture also seem oddly familiar .
Dr. Wahid –abd al - Maguid of the Al - Ahram Center for Political Studies , an Egyptian think tank , is shown in a television interview , decrying the tendency to " violence " in " the Arab culture , " and sure enough , the footage that follows includes exuberant celebrations of extreme violence , including the attack on the Twin Towers – in a rap song combining some ska with obvious American gangsta stylistic influences .
Dr. al - Maguid might have been an American sociologist warning grimly of the corrupting effects on youth of the video game " Grand Theft Auto " – or one of those weedy " elitist " types ruing the bare - knuckled masculine style favored in " dude culture " and in certain right - wing sectors of this country .
32
This is not to say that Arab cultures do not operate from their own specific imperatives .
But the conflation of all such cultures , for an audience of people who are mostly unfamiliar with the complexities of the Middle East , is more misleading than useful .
The few images of lone speakers who promote tolerance are contrasted with vociferous preachers of jihad , which is always presented to mean violence .
This failure to reflect the complexity of Islam denies Muslims ' varied identities , their day to day activities and broad range of concerns .
Obsession 's own denial of context and history not only misinforms its audience , it is liable to foment a hatred equal to that which does exist .
The part of that section of Obsession called " Jihad in the West , " depicting what it calls a threat of " infiltration " in the United States , might be the film 's most blatant appeal to the American viewer 's fear .
Continuing the motif of simultaneous accusation and reassurance , we are warned by the pundits of Obsession that enemies walk among us .
Says Nonie Darwish , " Of course , not all Muslims are like that , but America has to wake up .
We have been infiltrated – and we are strangling ourselves with our political correctness . "
More than once , the twin demons of the " the media " and " political correctness " are invoked to warn against any namby - pamby liberal tendencies toward excessive respect for the sensibilities of shady minority populations .
This shibboleth of " political correctness " has come to stand for a tangle of constructs according to which any critical thinking or provision of unflattering information about our government 's conduct , or even any search for a complex analysis , is at once egg - headed , " elitist , " actively disloyal and contemptuous of " ordinary " American folk .
This dismissal of the demands on civic life incumbent on citizens of a constitutional republic founded by immigrants is , of course , as contemptuous in its assumptions about the capacity for thought of " ordinary " Americans as it is possible to be .
The internal enemy is portrayed through a spectrum of images , ranging from footage of flag desecrations by men from the Islamic Thinkers Society ( a New York - based fringe group that wishes to establish an international Muslim caliphate and whose website depicts John McCain and Barack Obama as sinners ) , to European - born violent extremists , and the late Palestinian national leader Yassir Arafat ( who was in the United States to conduct peace negotiations with the late Yitzhak Rabin , subsequently murdered by a violent fundamentalist of the Jewish , not Muslim , variety ) .
Pundits such as Darwish and Steven Emerson of The Investigation Project indicate that the " deception " is so far advanced that " we are losing the battle . "
Far more frightening than images of overt European radicals , such as Abu Hamza al - Masri , are the repeated hints by militarist pundits , such as Caroline Glick of the Center for Security Policy , who warns of a growing underground of " minorities , " and " immigrants " who may dress and act " like Americans " but are plotting our destruction .
How the rest of us are to distinguish such people from the " good " Muslims is not made clear – although an article by Zeyno Baran posted to the Clarion Fund 's site , RadicalIslam.org33 , indicates that all major Muslim civil rights organizations in the United States have been infiltrated and that the good Muslims do n't need to " organize politically " anyway .
This is an extravagant claim .
Members of anti-bias organizations such the Anti-Defamation League might be surprised to hear that their work , for respectable Jews , was never necessary .
34
Contents Of This Special Section
Any demurral this picture of the " Fifth Column " might stir is condemned preemptively as " denial . "
The film ends with the implication that it is up to the " good " Muslims to prove themselves .
As a positive example , we are shown a clip of Muslims marching and chanting , " Death to terrorists . "
4. An Alternative Vision
At one point , toward its conclusion , Obsession features footage of Muslim clerics calling for a world united under the guidance of Islam interspersed with images of bloody violence .
The viewer is never told which of the clerics featured are calling for international missionary work and which are calling for armed conflict .
What might a Muslim audience , unfamiliar with the nuances of Western culture , make of footage devoted to calls by fundamentalist Christian preachers , to " bring the world " to their faith ?
Or footage of the unique culture of Christian " prayer warriors " speaking about their international ambitions ?
Particularly if such quotes were interspersed with footage of the Iraq war , along with the inflammatory rhetoric of those evangelical chaplains who aver that they are going to Iraq in order to fulfill a Christian mission .
35
What if such a film were also to include footage of the bombing , by a right - wing extremist with ties to the white supremacist Christian Identity Church , of the federal building in Oklahoma City that resulted in over 100 deaths ?
And what might they then make of footage of the subsequently firebombed Holocaust Museum in Terre Haute Indiana , on the wall of which was written , " Remember Tim McVeigh " ?
Would it not be grossly unfair , even for people unfamiliar with the history and cultures of white American Christians to , after viewing such a film , regard all such people with suspicious distaste ?
Should the United States government have declared martial law in white militia territories in the Northwest when they were at the height of their influence in the early 1980s ?
Should we have detained all young men with ties to white supremacist or Christian Identity organizations ?
Was not – is not –the violent combination of those forces genuinely dangerous ?
People can be both dangerous and , after being effectively isolated , marginalized .
Timothy McVeigh was an eccentric , a pathetic figure , until he and his confederate actually managed to murder many people .
The white supremacist , Christian Identity movement still bears watching .
But its members do n't seem to be in any position to take over the country , and it 's just as well that our civil liberties were never curtailed in the effort to stop them .36
It is true that there are violent Muslim fundamentalists who regard themselves as engaged in a holy war against the West .
Such people must not be allowed to murder anyone .
But why should we echo their self - serving narratives of glorious , epic , transcendental struggle with complementary epic narratives of our own ?
37
And why on earth would we shrink from a cold - blooded analysis of how such groups rose to any position of influence – what conditions promote their growth and what developments would serve to isolate them ?
Finally , since it is true that , as the makers of Obsession take care to state again and again , most Muslims are not in favor of terrorism , let alone actual terrorists , what is served by making our acceptance of the majority of our Muslim citizens conditional on their having rehearsed a set of denunciations and frantic denials ?
Does n't it make us more vulnerable to terror – to increasing numbers of us feeling terrified and alone – to inflame categorical prejudices based on religion or ethnic origin ?
Should we not meet our compatriots as we find them and evaluate each person on his or her own merit ?
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
August 2 , 2008
On July 31 , in a report on the arrest of Jason Robo for allegedly placing an Infowars “ 9 - 11 was an inside job ” sticker inside an airline restroom , the Boston Globe made mention of Alex Jones and Prison Planet .
Screen capture from Google News , Saturday , August 2 .
However , as of today , August 2 , all mention of Alex Jones and Prison Planet has been excised from the story , even though the story is virtually the same and the date remains July 31 , 2008 , 12:58 PM , although the page indicates the story was “ updated ” on Friday , August 1 , at 10:02 AM .
Obviously , word came down from editors on - high at the Globe that any reference to Alex Jones and his popular Prison Planet website must be removed from the article because people may actually go to the site and read stories about 9/11 or be influenced by other truth materials contrary to the government fairy tale version of events , including Alex ’s films and his nationally syndicated radio show , available as a 24 - 7 stream and downloadable podcast .
In short , the Globe decided to relegate Jones and 9/11 truth to the memory hole .
In George Orwell ’s dystopian novel , Nineteen Eighty - Four , the memory hole is a slot into which government officials deposit politically inconvenient documents and records to be destroyed by incineration at the Ministry of Truth , actually a misnomer as Minitrue ( in Orwellian Newspeak ) served to falsify historical events .
Of course , the Boston Globe is not a bona fide government agency , although it may as well be , considering the hand - in - glove relationship between the neocons and the corporate media , particularly obvious in the way the corporate media disseminated neocon lies and fabrications in the lead - up to the invasion and occupation of Iraq .
As well , the corporate media endeavors to keep the official September 11 fairy tale alive , especially critical now as the 9/11 truth movement continues to make appreciable headway in debunking the government contrived fantasy and educating increasing numbers of people about the fact 9/11 was an inside job .
None of this should come as a surprise .
The Boston Globe is owned by the New York Times and the Times continues to function as the “ liberal ” ( Democrat ) side of the false right - left paradigm .
On the other side stands the War Street Journal — er , excuse me , the Wall Street Journal — pumping out more unabashed neocon ( Republican ) propaganda .
As the CFR historian Carroll Quigley noted back in 1966 , the “ argument that the two parties should represent opposed ideals and policies , one perhaps of the Right , and the other of the Left , is a foolish idea acceptable only to doctrinaire and academic thinkers . ”
In fact , our globalist rulers control both sides and continue to distract us with such foolishness .
On occasion , they will slip up , as they did when an apparently unsupervised writer at the Boston Globe made the mistake of including mention of Alex Jones in a news article .
It does not matter that Alex Jones is crucial to the very essence of the story , as Jason Robo obviously listens to the Alex Jones Show and purchased his stickers from Infowars .
Once upon a time , the media claimed to respect objective journalism .
Now the corporatized media has another , more cirtical task – to disseminate globalist propaganda and provide the distracted masses with an endless flow of mindless pablum .
Inserting Alex Jones in the mix only serves to defeat the purpose , for the idea , as Aldous Huxley understood , is for the corporate media to provide the masses with “ bread and circuses ” and “ distractions and propaganda ” in order to make them “ contented with their servitude . ”
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Thanks to Caroline for sending us more work from Blacksheep Interior Architects and Design .
This time we ’re featuring the recently opened Inamo Restaurant in London ’s west end , where Blacksheep designed the interior .
One of the restaurant ’s unique features are menus projected onto tabletops , allowing diners to order food and beverages interactively , to change the ambiance of their individual table , to play games and even to order up local information and services , such as booking a cab .
Visit the Blacksheep website – here .
Visit the Inamo website – here .
From the designers :
The restaurant and downstairs bar is the brainchild of entrepreneurs Danny Potter and Noel Hunwick and will offer customers high - quality Asian fusion cuisine , under the guidance of leading Head Chef Anthony Sousa Tam , who comes to Inamo from superstar restaurants Atami , Chino Latinos , Nobu , Hakkasan and Ubon .
The interior of Inamo has been designed by Blacksheep , hot from their latest west end success with the Whisky Mist at Zeta bar and nightclub at London ’s Hilton Hotel – and from the announcement of their third winning project in a row at the London Bar & Club Awards with the Knightsbridge bar Vendôme .
Blacksheep also contributed to all the restaurant ’s graphic applications , adapting the existing identity with new iconography for signage , menus and marketing materials as well as all environmental graphics , from graphic wallpaper to graphic tablecloths , shopfront etched patterns and illuminated screens , with all pattern work inspired by and adapted from traditional Asian print designs .
For the designers , it was an ambitious project and a tricky concept to get right .
Great attention had to be paid especially to ensure that lighting levels and proportions were spot on for the restaurant to work at all hours of the day and night .
The restaurant design also had to have an overall strong sense of identity as a space , neither overwhelming nor being overwhelmed by the technology at its heart .
‘ We created a concept based around the keywords : warmth , vibrancy , charm and theatre ’ , explained Blacksheep Director Tim Mutton .
‘ It was important to balance out the restaurant ’s technological aspects by creating a sensuous , social space with a strong personality . ’
Customers approach the restaurant via a brand new jet black timber facade , in keeping with the existing architecture .
To protect interior light levels , the glazed restaurant windows have a graphic vinyl applied featuring solid and translucent star patterns ( designed by Blacksheep ) , creating a strong graphic statement as well as protecting interior light levels .
The vinyl graphic nonetheless allows tantalising glimpses of the interior and of the Blacksheep - designed ‘ cocoons ’ which house the projectors , computers and frames and which sit above each table .
External signage includes a projecting sign , a high - grade acrylic ‘ Restaurant & Bar ’ sign and halo - lit boxed steel lettering for the ‘ Inamo ’ identity .
The shopfront bases have an aluminium trim and there are four external aluminium downlighters with a red filter to match the red and silver of the graphic vinyl on the glazing .
The central entrance to Inamo is via glazed doors with a high - impact , red , black and white graphic applied to the back wall of the small entrance lobby area ( which had to be kept for structural reasons , as the restaurant was once two separate buildings with a subsequently - infilled alleyway at its centre ! ) .
The main structural works to the interior ( formerly an Italian restaurant which existed for 25 years ) centred on the ground floor space , opening it up as much as possible by removing columns and a structural wall and also creating a new extension to the rear to house an extra twenty covers .
Once inside the restaurant , the stair to the downstairs bar is immediately to the left , finished in matt black , with timber - effect vinyl flooring here and throughout ( by Armstrong ) .
Graphic wallpaper above the stair mirrors the window graphic .
Customers are immediately met at the greeter station ( in black timber ) , directly in front of a high - impact six - seater table .
The restaurant has been treated partly in monochrome to allow the tabletop illuminations to stand out and partly with further graphics ( inspired by the colour choices of kaleidoscopes and origami for an Asian feel ) to mirror the strong graphic sense created by the tabletops .
Walls are therefore in a white vinyl wallpaper with mirrored graphic panels , which work effectively like lightboxes with an etched pattern and a cut pattern , with light allowing the cut pattern to shine through .
Seats are either a silver vinyl banquette with feature red stitching or else 2 - tone flip chairs with black backs and white frontage ( from Protocol ) .
The tables themselves have a black base and a white Corian top .
The ‘ cocoon ’ projectors are set at the same height throughout within the suspended high gloss black ceiling and come in three sizes to light 2 - cover , 4 - cover or 6 - cover tables .
When customers sit down there are white spots for plates and an individual ‘ e - cloth ’ for each table .
Customers use a touch panel to order food and drink or change their table top to one of the seven other patterns available .
‘ Serving staff are available at any time to help customers to navigate their menus or answer any other queries , but the menus have been exceptionally clearly designed and should be both intuitive and fool - proof for users !’
Project Designer Benjamin Webb commented .
The downstairs bar features the same design language as the restaurant , but uses a warmer and darker colour scheme ( as it does n’t have to work alongside any technological elements ) to create a sense of intimacy .
Graphic screens replicate those on the ground floor , but use bronze mirrors , with a glowing red backing to promote a sense of space within the bar .
Pendant light fittings again echo the cocoons above and have been specially - designed using the same organic language .
‘ It ’s important to adapt to a new way of thinking when working so closely with technology ’ Benjamin Webb concluded .
‘ With Inamo , we took a cohesive approach towards adapting the technology to sit within the interior , fine - tuning ambience levels and building strong relationships between graphic and interior elements .
Above all , we had to ensure that the vivid projections were met by the interior elements of the scheme , creating an equally strong and unified impression . ’
The clients commented : ‘ Before starting the build of this project we had pitches from four different interior designers with our brief and keywords : warm , vibrant , charm , theatre .
Blacksheep stood out because of their ability to take our brief on board while simultaneously inputting their own creative flair and talents into the project .
They have since created a holistic design that ties into and around our concept , adding value throughout . ’
Interventions : Science Fiction reflects on the contemporary period …
September 21 , 2008
Posted by WorldbyStorm in Culture
I guess anyone with even a glancing interest in science fiction might have noticed that contemporary issues are beginning to appear within the pages of recently published books .
Sometimes these are clearly linked into near history .
An example of that is Greg Bear ’s not entirely successful , but still quite interesting , Quantico which deals with the consequences of the war on terror in a near - future US .
In doing so he pulls together numerous threads from home made bio-weapons , Islam , the jockeying for power within the US security structures and the role and , from his perspective , necessity for US intervention ( albeit on a very limited scale towards the end of the piece ) .
On a superficial reading it ’s a slight novel compared with his earlier books , Eon and Eternity , with much of the pace and detail of a techno thriller .
And yet for all that it somehow works .
The writing is spare and there are few concessions to the sort of bombast of most genre thrillers and it seemed to me to be both evocative and disturbing .
There is a nice thread of cynicism running through it , particularly concerning the future status of Iraq and its relationship with the US , and an unpleasant and pretty convincing localised nuclear exchange in the Middle East .
Ken MacLeod ’s second to last book ( or is it third , his workrate is suddenly prodigious ) , Learning the World , was fascinating if only because it tackled the issue of intervention in an alien culture by humans , which I wo n’t go into in order not to spoil the plot .
In a way Learning the World is a bit like a more sophisticated A Deepness in the Sky , by Vernor Vinge .
But Vinge is of the libertarian right and his alien civilisations are essentially a scrubbed up version of ours – too similar to be truly interesting other than as a narrative dynamic – although oddly his descriptions of meta - human civilisations seem to me to be vastly more effective .
As a one - off , unrelated to his other series , Learning the World worked extremely well .
And yet , a part of me found aspects of the intervention unlikely if only because it seemed to result in appalling societal dislocation .
As a cure to a social ill it sought to remedy it seemed in its immediacy to be little better than the ill itself .
And perhaps that sat oddly with the authors clear position on other interventions .
Another example is Paul McCauley ’s ( he used to use the initial J. – that ’s gone , most likely in a bid to reposition him away from SF and closer to the mainstream .
I wish him well , but for my money his finest book was Whole Wide World with a Cuba refashioned as a sort of libertarian left data storage and vending society ) recently published Cowboy Angels .
I ’m genuinely unsure about that book .
It struck me as an uneasy amalgam of cold war thriller and science fiction .
The premise is that a version of the United States discovered a means to access parallel worlds where it has intervened in bringing democracy to numerous versions of the US .
In effect this meta-US treats these variations of the US rather as Central and Southern America were treated by the US in our own history .
That this version of democracy appears to be somewhat right wing , is not absolutely fundamental to the plot , anymore than when Jimmy Carter is elected President he introduces a more emollient approach which seeks to roll back the interventions .
In the end the plot stacks one switchback upon another and eventually loses coherence .
And there appears to be no particular message other than the idea that resistance may ultimately only be possible on the personal level ( although the institutions are portrayed as working slightly better than one might imagine – fair dues to Jimmy Carter , in whatever iteration ) .
It ’s still remains an enjoyable read .
I like it , but it lacks the cold - hearted rigour of Alternities by Michael P. Kube - McDowell and written in the late 1980s which likewise saw a US manipulating other realities , and which had a denouement , set in a Soviet dominated world where the US was utterly constrained globally , of an almost perfectly bleak realpolitic with a Soviet Premier ordering civilian aircraft to be shot down around Moscow .
As good , in its own way and from the same decade IIRC , was Frederick Pohl ’s “ The Coming of the Quantum Cats ” where one right wing US invades another in order to attack a USSR in their home universe .
Pohl is a funny one .
On form he is cracking , off it – not so great .
Anyhow this is a diverting read .
‘ What ’s the current status on enemy signal interceptions ? ’
He meant listening in on radio and TV .
‘ No clear pattern , sir .
They do keep repeating the President ’s broadcast .
He comes through loud and clear ’ .
Colonel Harlech did n’t actually say shit .
He just made a noise close enough to be clear , muffled enough to be deniable .
Harlech was one of Magruder ’s own hotshot warriors , and everybody knew what they thought of the President .
Who had opposed a preemptive strike vigorously … until the chiefs of staff let him know they had plenty of military prisons for politicians who got in the way of what they considered the essential defense of the United States .
When I got off the cross - time phone with the colonel I debated going back to the studio for a word with the poli-scientists .
It would be interesting to hear their theories about why a militarily active U.S. society like ours got a jelly - backed President like Jerry Brown , while this other one , fat and peaceful had elected the fire - breater , Reagan .
This being a tale of alternate realities the Reagan referred to is Nancy .
Of course .
One might argue that issues of intervention were raised in Christopher Priests award winning The Separation ( or in his much much earlier Indoctrinaire ) , which contemplated pacifism , action and intervention in the context of the Second World War .
I ’m not certain what background politically Priest comes from ( oddly he used the backdrop of a rather gloomy state socialism for his excellent “ A Dream of Wessex ” decades ago ) , but it is difficult to entirely enthuse about the strand in the novel where Britain comes to an arrangement with a Third Reich where Hitler has been removed .
There ’s a certain relativism in positing that Nazi Germany was explicable and reducible to one historical figure ( nor is a short chapter set in a Madagascar where German Jews became the dominant force a la Israel in our own history convincing either ) .
And in some ways the novel seems to undercut its own submerged pacifist message by ignoring systemic evils .
And there is of course Iain Banks whose Culture books in a way reflected the changing attitudes to intervention .
In the early ones there was no question that Special Circumstances , the agency charged within the Culture to instigate interventions ranging from intelligence to military operations , was a force for good , even if “ … It had about it too an atmosphere of secrecy ( in a society that virtually worshipped openness ) , which hinted at unpleasant , shaming deeds .. ” .
They were the people who dealt with reactionaries of all stripes .
They had a certain mystique and near all - powerful capabilities .
And it is impossible to understand the ethical conundrum that lies at the heart of his novel Use of Weapons unless the activities of Special Circumstances , for all its flaws , do not represent something approaching a cathartic agent for positive change in the central character .
But as time moved on that viewpoint , already rhetorically questioning , became ever less certain .
Inversions from 1998 demonstrated how the tags of ‘ progressive ’ and ‘ conservative ’ could be considerably more complex than might be thought , and although the Culture is n’t directly referenced it is clear that intervention is equally complex .
In his most recent novel Matter , which is a cheering return to form , the issue of intervention by the Culture in less developed societies , or as it is called here ‘ mentoring ’ , moves to the fore .
But Special Circumstances role is much more open to question than hitherto .
Charles Stross with his Eschaton series draws together elements of all the above , with a post - human intelligence – entitled , as one might imagine , the Eschaton – that has scattered humanity throughout the stars using agents to intervene subtly in order to prevent more massive interventions , while a rather befuddled United Nations also attempts to prevent the Eschaton intervening by intervening itself .
Stross is interesting in that while clearly well versed in left politics he does not appear to be particularly wedded to same ( indeed his Merchant Princes series – essentially a Zelazny like escapade set in multiple parallel Earths has as its heroine an avowed capitalist ) .
But in his Singularity
Sky there is a telling excursion as a Marxist revolution of sorts against a totalitarian neo-Tsarist regime attempts to deal with a context where yet another form of intervention has left machines scattered across a planet which can freely produce anything , a scenario reminiscent of the withering away of the state – any state .
But what is interesting about Stross is the idea that interventions , or at least some , can be random .
He – in a sense – points us to the unfathomable actions of the protagonists of the novels of the Russian Strugatsky brothers .
Or indeed of the monolith in 2001 .
That fundamental intervention , one that kick - starts intelligence in a species , sits behind many of these narratives .
After all , what else is a radio message intercepted from an alien civlisation ?
An artifact found upon a moon ?
An expeditionary force from Mars ?
And whatever side the narrator stands in this process , as participant , instigator , victim or simple dispassionate observer what we the reader see is action .
And that action is exaggerated by the scope of this fiction in a uniquely satisfying way .
After all , a security or intelligence agency that just looks on is – on the narrative level – somewhat unsatisfying .
An intervention , particularly on a planetary or galactic scale , or across parallel timelines , is clearly vastly more entertaining and provides more scope for dealing with contradiction .
For the main part those examples cited above are the work left / liberal authors .
And that is probably unsurprising .
The left is interventionist in so many ways .
We believe fundamentally that there are wrongs to be righted in our society that require activist approaches .
We still celebrate those who fought in Spain and against fascism .
That there have been deformations of this , particularly under the pressures of Iraq and a number of conflicts , does n’t invalidate the necessity to determine how and when the left should intervene within and beyond our own borders .
How to address these issues , these contradictions ?
For an even more explicit political reading of such matters Boris and Arkady Strugatsky can , to some degree , be seen as forging a path in the 1960s and 1970s .
Their Noon Universe sequence of novels set in a communist society some two centuries hence are very evidently precursors of elements of the Culture as described by Iain Banks ( to say nothing of their book Roadside Picnic which Tarkovsky transformed into a stunning piece of cinema as Stalker ) .
The issue of intervention is central to these novels .
In them “ progressors ” from space - faring civilisations assist less advanced civilisations .
The Wanderers , a civilisation so advanced that its machinations are essentially unknowable , also practices something along these lines .
As one character notes :
In the whole universe only our humankind practices progressorism , because our history is like that , because we weep over our past …
We ca n’t change it and we strive at least to help others , since we did n’t manage to help ourselves in time …
That ’s where our Progressorism comes from !
And the Wanderers , even if their past did resemble ours , are so far from it now that they do n’t even remember it .
But , it ’s not without nuance or limitation .
Much of the time Progressors act as observers .
The most explicit political consideration of this is probably in “ Hard to be A God ” where the protagonist , a human from a future communist Earth , ponders the gloomy outlook for a proto - Marxian rebel in a feudal world .
The trappings are a curious mix of fantasy and … well … judge for yourself .
But the heavy iron ring on his right wrist probably went back to the time when he was still called the Fair One .
The ring had been forged at the end of a chain to the rudder of a pirate ’s galley , and Arata had ripped the chain apart , struck a blow against the temple of Captain Ega the Gracious , captured first the ship and then the entire pirate ’s fleet , and then had tried to found a free republic on the ocean .
And the whole enterprise ended in a blood fight , for at that time Arata was still a young man who had not learned how to hate and who believed that the gift of freedom was sufficient in itself to render a slave into a godlike creature …
He was a professional rebel , an avenger by the grace of God , a figure that is not often encountered during the Middle Ages .
Historical evolution gives birth to such pikes only from time to time , releases them into the deep gulfs of society to stir up the fat carps who sit and dream in the mud at the bottom of the abyss . . .
Arata was the only person here whom Rumata neither hated nor pitied .
And in the heated dreams of this citizen of Earth , who had spent almost five years in blood and stench , he frequently saw himself as a figure resembling Arata .
He had gone through all the infernal torments of this universe and was rewarded for it with the privileged right to slay the murderers , to torture the torturers , and to betray the traitors .
“ Sometimes it seems , ” said Arata , “ that we are all powerless .
I remain forever the leader of mutineers and I realize that my strength is based on my extraordinary vitality .
But this strength does not help me in my powerless state .
As if by magic , my victories change into defeat .
My allies in battle become my enemies , the most courageous desert me , the most faithful betray me or perish .
And nothing remains to me but my own bare hands .
But one cannot reach the golden idols behind the fortress walls with bare hands … ” … Arata fell silent again and reached for another piece of bread .
Rumata observed Arata ’s hands , especially his fingers .
Two years ago , Don Reba in person had torn out the nails of both hands with some special device .
You know only half the story , thought Rumata . . .
You feel pacified by the thought that you are the only one to be condemned to failure .
You do n’t know yet how hopeless your entire cause really is .
You do n’t know that your enemy is not to be found beyond the ranks of your own soldiers , but rather within themselves .
Perhaps you will succeed in annihilating the Holy Order of the Black monks and the wave of the peasant rebellion will carry you onto the throne of Arkanar .
You will raze to the ground the castles of the feudal lords and drown the barons in the bay .
The rebellious masses will shower you , their liberator , with all honors , and you will be a good and wise ruler –the only good and wise man in your entire kingdom ; in your goodness you will distribute all the land among your comrades - in - arms , but what good will this land do your co-fighters without serfs ?
And the wheel will turn in another direction again .
And you ’ll be getting off easy if you die a normal death and do not have to watch the new barons and counts emerge from among the ranks of your faithful collaborators of yesterday .
All this has happened time and again , my good Arata , back on Earth as well as on your planet .
A glum prognosis of the opportunities for progressives in such situations … but a damn sight more realistic about the realities of intervention and the nature of socio-economic and political forces and their ability to prevent progress .
Glummer still is The Time Wanderers by the Strugatsky ’s which posits interventions from ‘ Ludens ’ , an highly evolved branch from humanity that makes its own interventions into the species .
An agent of Com - Con2 , the global security apparatus , is turned by the Ludens .
He expresses his fears of that process prior to it , and gives some sense of the attractions of intervention …
I was visited by Logovenko today .
The conversation lasted from 12:15 to 14:05 .
Logovenko was convincing .
Essence : it ’s not as simple as we imagine it all .
For instance : it is maintained that the period of stationary development in humanity is coming to an end , the epoch of shocks ( biosocial and psychosocial ) is coming , and the main goal of Ludens in retaliation to humanity is , it turns out , to be on guard ( like “ the catcher in the rye ” ) .
At the present time , 432 Ludens live and play on Earth and in the cosmos .
I was offered the chance to become the 433rd , for which I must appear in Kharkov at the Institute of Eccentrics the day after tomorrow , May 20 , at 10:00 .
The enemy of the human race whispers to me that only a real idiot would refuse a chance to develop superconsciousness and power over the universe .
This whisper I can quell without great effort , since I am a man who is not interested in prestige , as you well know , and cannot bear elitism in any form .
I wo n’t hide that our last conversation fell deeper into my soul than I would have liked .
I do not like feeling myself a deserter .
I would not have hesitated in my choice for a second , but I am absolutely certain that as soon as they turn me into a Luden , nothing ( nothing ! ) human will remain .
Admit it , deep in your heart you think the same thing .
I will not go to Kharkov .
I have thought everything over these last few days .
I will not go to Kharkov first of all because that would be a betrayal of Asya .
Secondly , because I love my mother and honor her .
Thirdly , because I love my comrades and my past .
Transformation into a Luden would be the death of me .
It is much worse than death , because for those who love me , I would remain alive , but unrecognizably different .
Haughty , smug , self - confident .
And on top of that , eternal , probably .
Probably .
Hmmm .
A final word .
Alastair Reynolds latest serving of hard science fiction is the interesting House of Suns .
I wo n’t go into the plot other than to say that it deals with interventions on a galactic scale , and all set in a rigorously sub - light speed context .
One passage sprang out from a scene where a prisoner is being tortured in a most inventive fashion in order to discover why an unprovoked and horrific attack occurred .
Mezereon began to pull the handle towards the left , slowly this time .
The prisoner began to speed up from our perspective , twitching and fidgeting increasingly quickly .
Something exploded inside me .
‘ Wait ! ” I shouted before she had tugged it all the way across .
‘ There ’s got to be a better way than this . ’
Mezereon looked at me with icy disdain .
‘ Something to contribute , Campion ?
You ’ve been spectacularly silent until now . ’
‘ Dial down , ’ I said , conscious of the whirling hand on my chronometer .
‘ We can discuss this in realtime ’ .
‘ I ’m happy discussing it now . ’
Aconite stood and turned towards me , hands raised placatingly , ‘ Leave this to us , old man .
We ’ve got it under control . ’
‘ No , you have n’t .
Mezeron ’s burning her way through prisoners like she ’s tossing coals on a fire .
There are two left .
We ca n’t afford to lose another one . ’
‘ I only need one to talk , ’ Mezereon said , and began to tug the handle towards its limit .
…
‘ She ’s out of control , ’ I said .
Mezereon emerged into realtime .
‘ Get out of here , ’ she told me .
‘ You ’re letting hatred get the better of you . ’
‘ They hate us .
Why should n’t we turn a little of that back on them ? ’
‘ Because we ’re Gentian .
Because six million years of good works say we ’re better than that . ’
Six million years , half a million .
Socialist , conservative , liberal .
Better than that ?
Nah , we ’re really not .
This image was lost some time after publication .
The creator that makes me most optimistic about the fourth Terminator movie is n't the director , McG , or even the star , Christian Bale .
It 's the production designer , Martin Laing .
If you saw City Of Ember , then you already venerate Laing 's attention to detail and the raw ambition that made that underground city a real place .
Now a new featurette showcases his design work for Terminator Salvation , and it 's honestly breathtaking .
And quite spoilery .
Terminator 4 is a " war movie , " Laing says with obvious glee .
His excitement at creating a believable post - apocalyptic world comes through , not just in his voice , but also in all the paintings of the ruined landscape that he 's created .
The images of L.A. falling apart and being overrun by nature reminds me of the vision of post - plague New York that I Am Legend production designer David Lazan told me about when that film came out .
There are no fewer than 10 new Terminators in this film , and Laing and company have obviously thought really carefully about exactly where Skynet 's minions would be in their evolution during this time period .
There 's no need for the Terminators to appear human , so they show up in various forms , including the giant Transformers - esque Harvester , the motorcycle Moto - Terminators , and the underwater versions , which you can see snapping at John Connor in a brief clip .
And then there 's the T - 600 , the more primitive version of Arnie 's T - 800 - which looks convincingly brutish and horrible .
We also glimpse the ( not surprisingly ) depressing underground lair of the resistance against Skynet .
And then there are the battle scenes , including our first real look at Sam Worthington and Anton Yelchin in action .
( " Come with me if you want to live . "
Ouch . )
All in all , I 'm pretty convinced that whether Terminator 4 is a smart movie or a particularly memorable one , it 'll be gorgeous .
I 'm also more pumped up than ever to see Laing 's work on James Cameron 's Battle Angel , allegedly coming in 2011 .
Are you a classy sort of lady or gent ?
Looking for something understated and sophisticated to adorn your iPhone that says , ' Hey world , I 've got refinement to spare ' ?
You 're in luck then , as German artist and rising accessories star Antje has created the bacon iPhone sleeve with which to adorn your precious , high - society gadget .
It 's the perfect thing to go with your meat iPod case , and your actual meat cellphone .
Get them while they last for only € 25 ( or around $ 31 ) , you foppish bon vivants !
[ Thanks , Jesse ]
NATIONWIDE STUDENT PROTEST
FOR MARRIAGE EQUALITY
On 12/3 Walk out of class at 9 am in your own time zone .
When you leave , please leave a note on your desk or chair that says , " SCHOOL TAUGHT ME NOT TO DISCRIMINATE .
SAY NO TO H8 .
SAY YES TO EQUALITY " .
We 'll leave it up to the students at each school to figure out what they want to do while they are out of class , but we encourage you all to meet up as a group somewhere nearby and protest for equal rights for everyone .
Coordinate through facebook , myspace , text messages , and word of mouth .
Home Page , Facebook Group , Myspace Page
CLICK HERE to print flyers that allow you to write in a place for local students to meet up and protest .
CLICK HERE to print a flyer without adding a place to meet up .
CONTACT :
Eric Ross - eross@studentsforequality.com
Elijah Nouvelage - enouvelage@studentsforequality.com
Scientists solve evolutionary puzzle on how the turtle got its shell
Scientists believe they have cracked a long - standing mystery of evolution - how the turtle got its shell .
It follows the discovery in south west China last year of the oldest known turtle fossils , believed to date back 220 million years .
The three adult specimens were discovered remarkably intact and with characteristics never before seen in turtles - including teeth and an incomplete upper shell .
The world 's oldest known turtle ( above ) dating back 220 million years has been unveiled by scientists .
The new species forms a missing link between ancient terrestrial turtles and their modern , aquatic descendants ( below )
The species was dubbed Odontochelys semistestacea , meaning toothed , half - shelled turtle .
Scientists from Canada , China and the US said the half - shell provided new evidence of how it evolved , Nature magazine has reported .
Dr Xiao - chun
Wu , a palaeontologist at the Canadian Museum of Nature in Ottawa , said : ' Since the 1800s , there have been many hypotheses about the origin of the turtle shell .
' Now we have these fossils of the earliest known turtle .
' They support the theory that the shell would have formed from below as extensions of the backbone and ribs , rather than as bony plates from the skin as others have theorised . '
This image shows an artist impression of Odontochelys semitestacea , an ancestral turtle from the Triassic of China
He believes the lower shell , known as the plastron , formed first followed by an outgrowth and broadening of the backbone and ribs to form the upper shell , or carapace .
This process corresponds with the shell formation seen in turtle embryos and hatchlings .
Dr Wu said : ' With Odontochelys , we now have clear fossil evidence of this process emerging in an adult . '
Dr Wu's student and lead author of the report , Chun Li , of the Institute of Vertebrate Palaeontology at the Chinese Academy of Sciences in Beijing , discovered the fossils in Guizhou province with the help of local farmers .
Scientists believe the lower shell , known as the plastron , formed first followed by an outgrowth and broadening of the backbone and ribs to form the upper shell
The competing theory of shell development was that it grew from bony plates on the skin which formed a kind of dermal armour , which then fused with the underlying ribs and backbone .
Until now , the oldest known turtle , discovered in Germany , dated to about 210 million years ago .
Because it already had a fully formed shell , scientists could not say how it developed .
But the authors said the new fossils show the theory of dermal armour is incorrect .
The team also concluded the earliest turtles were aquatic and not land - based , and that turtles as a group may have originated from water .
They said the presence of the lower shell would protect the swimming animal from predators below .
Dr Olivier Rieppel , of the Field Museum in Chicago , who also took part in the study , said although there was only a partial shell to protect its back , the under shell was fully formed , like modern - day turtles .
He said this suggested it was a water dweller .
' Reptiles living on the land have their bellies close to the ground with little exposure to danger . '
More ' Troopergate ' Problems for Palin Sarah Palin faces another likely setback in an investigation into whether she entangled her duties as Alaska governor in a family feud with her ex-brother - in - law , a state trooper , according to a senior state legislator .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly Alaska Rep. Les Gara , a Democrat , said Palin , the Republican vice presidential nominee , faces an uphill fight in her hope to be exonerated by a state personnel board investigation that she requested in hopes of heading off a legislative inquiry .
“ I think in the end the McCain campaign brought Gov. Palin a little more trouble than she bargained for by convincing her to have the personnel board investigate this , ” Gara said in an interview .
“ Probably in retrospect , was n’t a smart move . ”
The “ Troopergate ” scandal erupted in July when Palin fired Alaska ’s Commissioner of Public Safety Walt Monegan , who then blamed his dismissal on his refusal to succumb to pressure from Palin , her husband and her associates to fire her ex-brother - in - law , State Trooper Mike Wooten .
Initially , Palin welcomed an investigation by the Republican - dominated Legislative Council .
However , after her selection as John McCain ’s running mate in late August , she and the McCain campaign attacked that inquiry as a Democratic witch hunt led by Barack Obama ’s supporters .
On Sept. 2 , just a day before she accepted the GOP nomination , Palin took the unusual step of filing an ethics complaint with the state personnel board against herself regarading her firing of Monegan .
The McCain - Palin campaign apparently was betting that the personnel board , two of whose members were appointed by former Alaska Gov. Frank Murkowski , another Republican , would clear Palin of wrongdoing .
However , the board hired an independent investigator , Timothy Petumenos , a Democrat .
Palin ’s maneuver also failed to head off the legislative inquiry , which concluded on Oct. 10 that the governor had abused her power and violated state ethics law in her vendetta against her ex-brother - in - law .
Rep. Gara , who spoke with Petumenos about a separate complaint that Gara filed accusing the McCain campaign of trying to obstruct the legislative inquiry , told me that he believes the personnel board ’s report will parallel the findings of the legislative inquiry .
Gara said Petumenos “ is well respected and will conduct a thorough investigation based on the facts , ” adding : “ I think the findings will be similar . ”
Petumenos took a two - hour deposition from Palin last week at a St. Louis hotel and is scheduled to review the issue with the personnel board on Monday , the day before the presidential election .
Shared Data
Two weeks ago , the Alaskan Legislative Council voted unanimously to share with Petumenos more than 1,000 pages of documents collected by its independent counsel , Steve Branchflower .
Petumenos 's investigation is said to include at least two other ethics complaints against Palin , including a possible complaint by The Public Safety Employees Union alleging that Palin and her aides improperly accessed Trooper Wooten ’s personnel files and illegally tried to get him fired .
Citizen watchdog Andree McLeod filed another ethics complaint , alleging that Palin secured a state job for one of her fundraisers .
While the personnel board ’s investigation is playing out , Gara is pressing Attorney General Talis Colberg to appoint an independent investigator to probe whether operatives in McCain ’s presidential campaign broke Alaska ’s criminal witness - tampering laws .
Gara alleges that McCain ’s campaign staffers influenced witnesses close to Palin to get them to withhold cooperation from Branchflower ’s probe .
“ I am concerned that the state ’s criminal witness - tampering laws have been broken by certain staff for Sen.
McCain ’s presidential campaign , ” Gara wrote in a letter to Colberg .
Gara said the McCain staff arrived in Alaska after Palin was picked as McCain ’s running mate on Aug. 29 and spent the next month and a half trying “ to stall or stop ” the investigation by getting several senior Palin aides and her husband Todd to balk at giving depositions .
Gara noted that Palin ’s aides had agreed in July to be deposed about the ” Troopergate ” case .
However , after Palin ’s selection as the GOP vice presidential nominee , the aides reneged .
Colberg earlier spearheaded a failed effort by the Palin administration to get the state courts to quash subpoenas issued to members of Palin ’s administration during the investigation .
Colberg , a close Palin ally , responded to Gara and advised the Democratic lawmaker to bring his concerns before the state personnel board , and ask the panel to further expand its probe of Palin by having Petumenos investigate .
“ That was obviously just a stall tactic , ” Gara said .
“ He ’s not dumb .
He ’s just trying to avoid looking into it .
The personnel board has no jurisdiction over criminal conduct to stop a legislative investigation , which is what I believe the McCain campaign was trying to do .
“ For the Attorney General , the state ’s top law enforcement official , to say ‘ why do n’t we have someone who has no role looking into criminal activity ’ investigate this shows that the torn allegiances the attorney general has to his job and the governor . ”
Attorney General Colberg is “ choosing party politics over the rule of law , ” Gara told me .
“ He ’s the state ’s top criminal law officer .
It ’s going to have to be the court of public opinion that convinces him this is a serious matter .
But I will keep pushing him to investigate . ”
Still , Gara said he had a conversation with Petumenos about investigating the witness - tampering allegations and Petumenos confirmed that he is not authorized to investigate criminal matters .
Petumenos “ said he would politely remind Attorney General Colberg that he [ Petumenos ] does n’t have jurisdiction to investigate a criminal matter , ” Gara said .
Colberg ’s office did not return calls for comment .
Disciplining Palin
Gara said when the Legislative Council reconvenes in January – if McCain is not elected President – there will likely be calls to discipline Palin .
“ These folks have offended a lot of Alaskans , ” Gara said .
“ You can see it in the way they attacked a lot of people up here . ”
Gara got into a heated exchange with Palin ’s spokeswoman Meg Stapleton on the day the Branchflower ’s report was released .
Gara demanded that Stapleton apologize to Monegan and other state officials whom she had disparaged publicly .
Stapleton refused .
“ I think there will be calls by some members [ of the legislature ] to impose some sort of punishment , but I would much rather sit down with the governor and the attorney general and have them apologize to people and move on , ” Gara said .
Meanwhile , Palin was hit with another ethics complaint last week .
Frank Gwartney of Anchorage sent a three - page complaint to Colberg “ requesting that the state Personnel Board investigate Gov. Palin improper and illegal use of her official position for personal gain . ”
Gwartney alleges that Palin misused her position by appropriating taxpayer dollars to pay for her daughters to travel with her on state business .
“ The Governor ’s children accompanied Palin on trips and to events that they were not invited to and to which their presence served no legitimate State or official business or purpose , ” Gwartney ’s complaint said .
Last week , the Associated Press reported that Palin charged the state of Alaska for commercial flights for her children and ordered changes to previously filed expense report to suggest that they were on official business .
Gwartney 's complaint alleges , " The alteration of these documents constitutes an improper use of the Governor ’s official position . "
Palin charged the state $ 21,012 for 64 commercial flights and hotel accommodation for her three daughters after taking office in December 2006 .
Taylor Griffin , a spokesman for the McCain / Palin campaign , characterized Gwartney 's ethics complaint as a " political stunt , " claiming that Palin “ has always acted with the highest standards of ethics . "
Jason Leopold has launched a new Web site , The Public Record , at www.pubrecord.org.
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Nov. 3 , 2008 -- Children living in areas of high precipitation may be more likely to have autism , according to a new study , but the researchers caution that the finding of a rainfall - autism link is preliminary .
The finding may have nothing to do with the rainfall or snow itself , they say , but rather factors associated with the precipitation , such as the need to stay indoors more .
" Our results suggest there is an environmental trigger associated with precipitation , " says Michael Waldman , PhD , the study 's lead author and the director of the Institute for the Advancement of Economics at Cornell University in Ithaca , N.Y .
" I strongly believe it's not the precipitation itself , " he tells WebMD .
" My sense is , if truly there is an environmental trigger , my guess is it is one of the factors related to indoor activity . "
On that list : chemical exposure to indoor substances such as cleaning products , TV viewing , and vitamin D deficiency from too little sunlight .
Interpol is planning to expand its role into the mass screening of passengers moving around the world by creating a face recognition database to catch wanted suspects .
Every year more than 800 million international travellers fail to undergo " the most basic scrutiny " to check whether their identity documents have been stolen , the global policing cooperation body has warned .
Senior figures want a system that lets immigration officials capture digital images of passengers and immediately cross-check them against a database of pictures of terror suspects , international criminals and fugitives .
The UK's first automated face recognition gates - matching passengers to their digital image in the latest generation of passports - began operating at Manchester airport in August .
Mark Branchflower , head of Interpol 's fingerprint unit , will this week unveil proposals in London for the creation of biometric identification systems that could be linked to such immigration checks .
The civil liberties group No2ID , which campaigns against identity cards , expressed alarm at the plans .
" This is a move away from seeking specific persons to GCHQ - style bulk interception of information , " warned spokesman Michael Parker .
" There 's already a fair amount of information collected in terms of passenger records .
This is the next step .
Law enforcement agencies want the most efficient systems but there has to be a balance between security and privacy . "
The growth of international criminal gangs and the spread of terrorist threats has increased demand for Interpol 's services .
Last year it carried out 10,000 fingerprint searches ; this year the figure will reach 20,000 .
An automated fingerprint identification system with far greater capacity , known as Metamorpho , will be installed next year .
Earlier this month Interpol launched its " global security initiative " aimed at raising $ 1bn ( £ 577 m ) to strengthen its law enforcement programmes .
It claims to hold the " names and identifiers " of 9,000 terrorist suspects .
Branchflower will speak at the opening of the Biometrics 2008 conference in Westminster about the possibility of extending its biometric database .
Before the conference he said that Interpol wanted to create a face recognition database , to match its fingerprint and DNA records , that could be searched and matched automatically .
" Facial recognition is a step we could go to quite quickly , " said Branchflower , " and it 's increasingly of use to [ all ] countries .
There 's so much data we have but they are in records we can't search . "
If Interpol had been operating a face recognition database linked to national border controls last autumn , he said , it might have picked up a Canadian teacher wanted for child abuse as he entered Thailand .
The paedophile was the subject of a high - profile manhunt .
" We could have picked him up the moment he entered Bangkok rather than having to wait another two weeks , " said Branchflower .
"
We need to get our data to the border entry points .
There will be such a large role in the future for fingerprints and facial recognition . "
Terminology
I suppose some terminology may be in order at the outset .
I think of " secular community " as being an umbrella term describing nonbelievers of all sorts , including those who call themselves atheists , secular humanists , agnostics , freethinkers , etc .
In this way , " secular community " is synonymous with " reality - based community . "
Those described by such labels are quite diverse but all stand outside of reality distortion field that is faith .
Is There a Secular Community ?
In one sense , yes .
In the sense that there are large numbers of people who live outside of religious traditions and who identify themselves as community .
In fact , it is not at all clear whether it is possible to achieve any sort of meaningful community simply by attempting to unite nonbelievers around their lack of belief .
But I 'm jumping the gun .
Before asking ourselves if it is possible , we must consider whether it is even worthwhile .
Should There Be a Secular Community ?
Of all the worthwhile goals individuals can have , should one be the development of a meaningful secular community ( or multiple secular communities ) ?
Yes , I believe that this is a worthy goal .
Among the many reasons I think we need such a community or communities are the following : I suppose some terminology may be in order at the outset .
I think of " secular community " as being an umbrella term describing nonbelievers of all sorts , including those who call themselves atheists , secular humanists , agnostics , freethinkers , etc .
In this way , " secular community " is synonymous with " reality - based community . "
Those described by such labels are quite diverse but all stand outside of reality distortion field that is faith .
In one sense , yes .
In the sense that there are large numbers of people who live outside of religious traditions and who identify themselves as secular humanists atheists , agnostics , nonbelievers , freethinkers , and the like , there is a secular community .
However , it is probably more accurate to say that while there are undoubtedly secularists , there is little that resembles any sort of .
In fact , it is not at all clear whether it is possible to achieve any sort of meaningful community simply by attempting to unite nonbelievers around their lack of belief .
But I 'm jumping the gun .
Before asking ourselves if it is possible , we must consider whether it is even worthwhile .
Of all the worthwhile goals individuals can have , should one be the development of a meaningful secular community ( or multiple secular communities ) ?
Yes , I believe that this is a worthy goal .
Among the many reasons I think we need such a community or communities are the following :
Political power .
Secular Americans have many Christian allies in the struggle to keep church and state separate , but it is unlikely that they can succeed without our help or that we can succeed without their help .
This and other .
Secular Americans have many Christian allies in the struggle to keep church and state separate , but it is unlikely that they can succeed without our help or that we can succeed without their help .
This and other political goals shared by many ( though certainly not all ) nonbelievers requires increased political power .
This is not only a case of strength in numbers ; it is a case where numbers organized into pressure groups and voting blocs are needed to protect our liberties .
Psychological sense of community and social support .
Psychologists have long recognized the benefits to physical and mental health from perceived social support and psychological sense of community .
Humans are social creatures who benefit from affiliation and belonging .
I have encountered little reason to believe that nonbelievers are different .
We too will benefit from .
Psychologists have long recognized the benefits to physical and mental health from perceived social support and psychological sense of community .
Humans are social creatures who benefit from affiliation and belonging .
I have encountered little reason to believe that nonbelievers are different .
We too will benefit from belonging to groups of like - minded individuals from whom we derive support .
Creative growth .
For many of us , creativity and the growth of important ideas does not occur in a vacuum .
We benefit from having people around us with whom we can exchange ideas and engage in meaningful dialogue .
On a personal level , I can say with complete certainty that I would not be where I am today without the comments I receive on this blog and the interactions I 've had with others on their blogs .
We need the stimulation of interaction to fuel our creativity and development .
Shared Wisdom .
Whatever crisis you are going through at the moment or whatever difficult question you are now wrestling , it is likely that someone else has dealt with similar circumstances and has something to offer .
A community , even an informal community operating in cyberspace , offers the prospect of shared wisdom .
Those who have more life experience have much to teach us and are often able to offer invaluable perspectives .
Safety and Protection .
Strength in numbers is not just about politics .
The more visible and .
Strength in numbers is not just about politics .
The more visible and empowered nonbelievers become , the harder it will be for the believers to threaten and intimidate us .
This is why community seems to become even more important in regions dominated by Christian extremists where religious differences are not tolerated .
Setting the Record Straight .
Nonbelievers , especially atheists , are constantly bombarded with misconceptions about .
Nonbelievers , especially atheists , are constantly bombarded with misconceptions about what they believe and who they are from the mainstream media .
The ability of any individual to correct these misconceptions and attempt to educate the public is far more limited that what an organized community can do .
Even loosely connected activist groups can exert a sort of public pressure that no individual can achieve .
I could probably keep going for some time , but I think this is enough to get across the point that I think there are many benefits to a secular community .
Of course , this inevitably raises the question of whether such a community is possible and what it might look like .
This will be the subject of Part II
Most nonbelievers recognize the difficulty of bringing atheists , humanists , and assorted freethinkers together into a meaningful community .
Protests along the lines of " we 're not joiners " are so common that they have become a psychological hurdle if not an actual one .
And yet , many questions remain unanswered .
Is it even desirable to strive for a united secular community ?
What might such a community look like ?
Is it even possible to bring people together under the banner of nonbelief in gods ?
In this series , I will consider the importance of uniting the secular community , some of the options for bringing nonbelievers together and offer recommendations about how we might promote a secular community .
This post addresses whether a secular community is something we should seek .
Gentlemans agreement on Django templates ¶
There are a lot of reusable apps out in the Django Ecosystem .
I wrote a previous post about why I think that reusable apps should come with templates .
There is a problem about distributing templates that I want to address with this post : the problem of Django Template Block names .
There are already some unwritten conventions in the community in regards to block names , and I think that talking about it will help .
I do n’t think that we ’re going to be able to come up with a way that everyone will follow , but I think it would be nice if we could create a way to easily redistribute templates .
The main reason that I have been thinking about this is because of Pinax , they use some different template block name than my apps .
So in order to use PInax and my app , I needed to change all of the blocks of my templates !
That is a lot of work that could have been avoided by some standardization .
There are a lot of different ways to think about the content of a page , but I ’m going to propose some basic template blocks that most pages will have , and then talk about some more ‘ extended ’ blocks that might be useful .
Blocks we need .¶ { % block title %}¶
This will be the block where you define the title of the page .
Presumably your base .
html will define your Site ’s name ( perhaps even using the Sites framework ) outside of this tag , to be places on all pages .
{ % block extra_head %}¶ I think that this is a good one that most people are already using in some form or another .
In your base template you have a set of things in your < head > that every page will have .
However , a lot of other pages need things that they also want to put in the head of a document , like RSS feeds , Javascript , CSS , and all the other things that should go in the head .
You can and probably will have other specialized blocks ( like title above ) that will fill in other parts of the head too .
{ % block body %} ¶
This tag will be placed around the entire body section of the page .
This allows you to create pages in your app that replace the entire page , not just the content .
This wo n’t be used a lot , but it ’s a really handy tag to have when you need it .
If you have n’t noticed , I ’ve been trying to keep tag names consistent with their html tag names whenever possible .
{ % block menu %}¶
This would be where your menu goes .
It would be the site - wide navigation , and not a per-page type of navigation .
{ % block content %}¶
This will be the place where you define the content on a page .
This will presumably change on every page .
It will not include any site navigation , headers , footers , or anything else that would belong in a base template .
The AP reports an officially unofficial leak from the Obama team that closing Gitmo is a priority for the new administration .
Under plans being put together in Obama 's camp , some detainees would be released and many others would be prosecuted in U.S. criminal courts .
That 's good .
This bit is n't so good :
A third group of detainees — the ones whose cases are most entangled in highly classified information — might have to go before a new court designed especially to handle sensitive national security cases , according to advisers and Democrats involved in the talks .
Advisers participating directly in the planning spoke on condition of anonymity because the plans are n't final .
U.S. courts handle cases " entagled in highly classified information " on a reasonably regular basis and the forms for dealing with such cases are well established .
That phrase is a euphemism ( or " lie " , to the unsophisticated ) .
Spencer Ackerman has it exactly right :
If there 's anything the military commissions process should have taught , it 's that reinventing the legal system does n't work , as evidenced by the bevy of military lawyers who have resigned in protest of the commissions .
The concern , stripped of euphemism , is that the evidentiary basis for many trials of Guantanamo detainees -- including , in many cases , torture -- would never be admissible in any court worthy of the name .
That 's the Bush administration 's legacy .
But it can't be the basis for cheapening our legal system .
So we 'll wait to see what proposal actually emerges .
But consider not only that this is one of the first initiatives that Obama is pursuing -- it 's one of the first that he 's leaking , as well .
This is as clear a signal as can be sent that the Bush era is n't just over , it will be actively rolled back .
How far it actually gets rolled back we 'll have to wait and see .
And pressure .
If the US cannot get convictions in either civil or military courts under the full panoply of law , even if those trials have to be held partially in camera to protect necessary national security secrets as provided for in law already , then the US has screwed the pooch and tainted those prosecutions indelibly with torture , illegal rendition and kangaroo justice .
Under those circumstances even Hannibal Lecter would walk - and anyone who understands why these things are anathema to normal jurisprudence would say that was a good thing as a universal standard even if no - one would be happy about individual instances .
If the Obama administration cannot see that , then they will have made themselves complicit in the massive crime that the Bush administration has perpetrated through Gitmo , Bagram , Abu Graib , and a host of secret prisons and illegal torture flights .
It does n't matter whether travesties of justice are conducted on the mainland U.S. , at the resort in Cuba or in some undisclosed location - they 're still travesties of justice .
A rose by any other name would smell as sweet and any " hybrid " having any relationship to Bush 's rigged tribunals would stink just as highly .
Crossposted from Newshoggers
When he was a UCLA student 15 years ago , Mario Majorski was a committed enough Scientologist that he helped file a federal lawsuit against a professor who called the church a cult .
On Sunday , Majorski stormed the church ’s Celebrity Centre in Hollywood with a sword in each hand .
He was shot dead by a security guard who police say had every reason to fear for his life and the lives of hundreds of others gathered on the property .
The reasons for Majorski ’s transformation from fervent believer to attacker remained a mystery Monday .
A church spokesman said the 48 - year - old had not participated in Scientology activities for more than a decade , but in recent years he had made a series of threatening phone calls to church offices in Los Angeles and Oregon , where he had been living .
Advertisement
“ There were over a dozen threats at various points since 2005 , ” said spokesman Tommy Davis .
The church alerted police to the calls , which Davis described as ranging from veiled statements that “ something bad ” would happen to the church to direct threats of violence .
Although Majorski’s name was known to church security , Davis said , guards , including the former police officer who shot him Sunday afternoon , did not know him by sight .
“ It was only after it happened that we realized , ‘ Oh , it ’s that guy , ’ ” he said .
Advertisement
Los Angeles Police Department detectives spoke with Majorski ’s relatives Monday .
Det. Wendi Berndt said they believed Majorski had been unemployed for some time .
They said that he had previously worked with his father , who is now deceased , in a real estate business .
An employee at a skilled - nursing facility in San Gabriel said Majorski ’s mother died about a year ago .
Public records show Majorski maintained residences in California and Oregon as recently as last year .
Advertisement
Majorski was a church member in good standing in 1993 when he and a classmate sued a psychiatry professor and UCLA .
The professor , Louis West , was an expert on brainwashing and an outspoken critic of Scientology , which he dismissed as a “ pyramid scheme . ”
Suits filed in state and federal court accused West of activities , including speaking to anti-cult groups , that transgressed the separation of church and state and interfered with Majorski ’s practice of religion .
Both suits were dismissed , and court records indicate that Majorski ’s role was largely limited to providing his name as a plaintiff .
Advertisement
Public records show a recent history of confrontation in both states .
On Nov. 2 , Majorski was arrested at a Mormon church service in Florence , Ore. , the coastal town where he lived
A Florence police spokeswoman told the Associated Press that he was “ cursing and moving around a lot ” and was charged with disorderly conduct and criminal trespass .
Less than a month ago , he was arrested in Florence for swinging an ax at an Auto Club employee who was bringing him gas for his car .
Advertisement
Majorski threatened to shoot police who went to his home to investigate , according to a police report .
He pleaded no contest to disorderly conduct .
In 2006 , the administrator at Country Villa Broadway , the San Gabriel medical facility where his mother was a patient , sought a restraining order against him .
In court papers , the administrator wrote that Majorski ’s visits from Oregon were unwelcome .
A Superior Court judge barred Majorski from visiting unless he was accompanied by a special monitor .
--
Advertisement
harriet.ryan@latimes.com
james.wagner@latimes.com
--
Times staff writer Andrew Blankstein contributed to this report .
Ragged to radiant :
What a difference a month makes for Madonna 's face
As Madonna swept past the screaming crowds on the red carpet last night it was hard to believe she had just hit the half century mark .
But what a difference a month makes .
It is hard to believe that this fabulous beauty was the same woman who was pictured looking gaunt and haggard at the end of July .
Scroll down to watch the RocknRolla trailer
What a difference a month makes : Madonna , left , and back in July
Dressed up to the nines and wearing plenty of make - up Madonna , 50 , joined husband Guy Ritchie at the premiere of his new film RocknRolla in London 's Leicester Square .
In her satin bejewelled Stella McCartney dress she displayed a glowing complexion and radiant smile .
But last month the bare - faced superstar revealed the impact of the gruelling health and beauty regime which lies behind the glamour .
Madonna and Guy Ritchie at the premiere of RocknRolla in Leicester Square
As she left a Kabbalah centre in New York in a short - sleeved T - shirt she exposed the veins standing out on arms subjected to endless workouts .
Perhaps the shock of the photos encouraged Madonna to relax her gruelling exercise regime a little .
The stress of this was said to have contributed to her haggard appearance .
Or maybe the queen of reinvention has resorted to more than just yoga , the gym and a macrobiotic diet to reverse the effects of ageing .
Madonna cut a sullen figure with daughter Lourdes last month
She has remained enigmatic on the subject of cosmetic surgery , saying : ' I am certainly not against plastic surgery ; however , I am absolutely against having to discuss it . '
Earlier this year a member of her circle told the Daily Mail : ' She 's been having work done since her 30s , but in the past year she 's really stepped it up , which is worrying . '
This morning it was back to reality for Madonna , who packed her belongings into a couple of oversized designer bags to head to her private gym .
The star even carried some fruit squash in a reused water bottle , showing she 's not above saving a few pennies .
Designer bag lady :
This morning Madonna was back to the gym , carrying her squash in a reused water bottle
Huskies confident they 'll be ready when Pac - 12 season begins
Coach Jimmy
Lake believes Washington will be ready when the Pac - 12 season kicks off in early November , in part because most of the Huskies roster never left Seattle during the summer .
Timothy Lee writes : “ I ca n’t agree with Baker that all copyright and patent monopolies are illegitimate . ”
I ’m actually not sure that ’s Baker ’s view ( in his original response Baker remarks in passing , “ there may be areas in which patents are an effective policy for promoting innovation ” ) , but it is my view , so let me say briefly why I do n’t regard intellectual property as a legitimate form of property .
The objects of ownership in the case of intellectual property are supposed to be abstract objects ; but what does ownership over an abstract object amount to ?
Ownership is supposed to solve conflicts over use , but there cannot literally be conflicts over the use of abstract objects ; I do n’t have to wait until you ’re done thinking the Pythagorean theorem before I can start thinking it .
Putative conflicts over the use of abstract objects are always really conflicts over the concrete items in which those abstract objects are embodied .
An abstract object , such as a design for a new kind of mousetrap , gets its foothold in concrete reality only by being embodied in , say , a mind that is thinking of it , or a sheet of paper that describes it , or an actual mousetrap built in accordance with it .
But if those concrete objects are already owned – the mind by the person whose mind it is , the paper and the mousetrap by whoever made or bought them – then the question of who has rights over those things is already settled , and there can be no further question of who owns the design itself .
If the originator of the design were to claim exclusive rights over it , he or she would thereby be claiming , in practice , the right to control someone else ’s property – someone else ’s individual mind or individual sheet of paper or individual mousetrap .
Intellectual property is thus essentially a claim of ownership over other people and the products of other people ’s labor , and so is necessarily illegitimate ; in forbidding the free circulation of ideas it constitutes a form of censorship as well .
In defense of intellectual property , Lee notes that “ Copyright and patent protections have existed since the beginning of the republic , and if properly calibrated they can ( as the founders put it ) promote the progress of science and the useful arts . ”
That they have existed since the beginning of the republic is true , but not a compelling argument for their legitimacy .
( Slavery existed for the first century of the republic also . )
As for their being needed to promote “ science and the useful arts , ” even if this were true it would n’t justify the violation of liberty involved – but it is doubtful that it is true , given that most scientific and artistic progress throughout history was accomplished without intellectual property protections , and in many cases was in fact possible only because there were no such protections ( as inventions built on previous inventions , and artworks on previous artworks ) .
The protectionist argument that intellectual innovators wo n’t have sufficient incentive to create unless they ’re protected from competition does n’t seem to hold up historically .
I can’t work up much enthusiasm for Baker ’s alternative proposal , however .
Baker writes :
My ideal system would be a system in which the government allocates a pot of money ( @$ 30 billion a year – approximately equal to private R&D in the pharmaceutical sector ) that would be awarded in long - term contracts to a relatively small number of master contractors .
For example , there can be 10 master contractors getting grants of roughly $ 30 billion each spread over 10 years .
The model here should be government contracts for major projects , like building an airport .
In light of the massive rent - seeking , favoritism , and costly boondoggles that plague government contracts , Baker ’s proposal seems worrisomely similar to the kind of destructive corporate welfare and monopoly privilege that I discussed in my first essay .
Contrary to what both Lee and Baker imply , there are ways of promoting the “ progress of science and the useful arts ” without invoking state aggression against liberty or property — ways that would secure many of the benefits of copyright and patent protection without violating libertarian scruples .
These ways include contractual stipulations , charitable patronage , and organized boycotts .
Let me say a bit about the latter case , the organized boycott .
During the late medieval period a system of commercial law arose in Europe called the Law Merchant , its creation prompted in part by the lack of uniform legal standards owing to the unwillingness of governmental courts in one country to enforce contracts made under the laws of another country .
Bypassing the inefficient ( because monopolistic ) government courts , merchants from different countries joined together in developing their own rules and courts ; being denied the enforcement powers of the state , mercantile courts could rely only on boycotts to secure compliance with their decisions .
A similar situation arose in 17th - century Amsterdam : when government courts refused to enforce certain forms of financial contract , merchants continued to make such contracts anyway , relying on the power of boycott for enforcement .
In both cases , the threat of boycott was sufficient to ensure that parties abided by their contracts . [ 1 ]
There is little reason to suppose that payment for the labor of intellectual innovators could not be guaranteed in the same way , via an organized system of voluntary boycotts rather than by governmental force .
Being voluntary , such a system would avoid the rights - based objections to copyrights and patents ; moreover , the kinds of protections that would be sustainable under a voluntary regime would be unlikely to include the extreme , disproportionate excesses of current IP law .
Note
[ 1 ] On the Law Merchant see Tom W. Bell , “ Polycentric Law , ” Humane Studies Review 7 , no .
1 ( Winter 1991 / 92 ; http://osf1.gmu.edu/~ihs/w91issues.html; on the Amsterdam case see Edward Stringham , “ The Extralegal Development of Securities Trading in Seventeenth - Century Amsterdam , ” Quarterly Review of Economics and Finance 43 ( 2003 ) , pp. 321–344 ; http://www.sjsu.edu/stringham/docs/Stringham.2003.QREF.Amsterdam.pdf.
CARRIE AND MIRANDA RESPOND TO YOUR EVERY NEED :
HOW DO I VOTE ?
WHERE IS MY POLLING PLACE ?
WHAT IF I'M NOT REGISTERED ?
I AM SO EXCITED TO VOTE THAT I FEEL LIKE I MIGHT ACCIDENTLY FORGET TO VOTE , I'VE DONE WEIRD , SELF - SABOTAGING THINGS LIKE THAT BEFORE .
PLEASE SAVE ME FROM MYSELF .
I'VE THOUGHT ABOUT GIVING MONEY TO BARACKOBAMA .COM , BUT THE FEAR OF LIVING IN A NEO - CONSERVATIVE HELL ISN'T ENOUGH INCENTIVE FOR ME .
I WANT SOME KIND OF FUN REWARD FOR GIVING , LIKE , FOR EXAMPLE , A VIDEO OF CARRIE BROWNSTEIN AND MIRANDA JULY WRESTLING WHEN THEY WERE YOUNGER .
ACTUALLY , I'M PRETTY INTERESTED TO KNOW WHAT IT WHAT WOULD FEEL LIKE TO HAVE A PRESIDENT WHO ASKS ME TO THINK AND TAKE ACTION , INSTEAD OF BE TERRIFIED AND SHOP .
SO I'LL JUST GIVE A DONATION DIRECTLY .
I DON'T WANT TO SEE CARRIE AND MIRANDA'S BORING OLD VIDEOS , BUT I'M UNDER 16 AND / OR NOT A U.S. CITIZEN SO I CAN'T LEGALLY DONATE DIRECTLY TO OBAMA .
SO I'LL BUY THEIR VIDEOS BUT SHUT MY EYES .
Staff at the Serena hotel had gone six weeks without a single guest to serve before Nadene arrived
Nadene Ghouri laments the collapse of Pakistan 's most famous tourist destination while spending time as the only guest in a 50 room luxury hotel .
A valley as green as the emeralds that lie beneath the mountains .
Cold and clear rivers flowing from the snow - capped peaks of the Hindu Kush .
A brilliant blue sky - it's hard to describe the Swat valley without getting carried away .
It feels like one of the most beautiful and magical places on earth .
But it 's also extremely dangerous as Pakistani security forces take on Islamic extremists .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Until recently Swat was a tourist destination , popular with both Western backpackers and Pakistani honeymooners .
Here you could go trekking or ride a horse along mountain passes , ski pristine slopes , view ancient Buddhist sites or shop in bustling bazaars selling brightly embroidered shawls , folk jewellery and locally produced honey .
Eighty - five per cent of Swat 's economy was dependent on such tourism .
But today the sound of nightly gunfire echoes across the mountains , the hotels and bazaars are boarded - up , and the tourists long gone .
The ancient monuments are at risk - caught in the crossfire of clashes between the Pakistan military and Taleban fighters .
The area is now deemed unsafe for Western tourists because of the fighting and threats of kidnap .
Last remaining hotel I suspect I may have just been the last tourist Swat will see for a while .
A few weeks earlier I had arrived to work as a media consultant .
The locals now have an independent radio station , Pact radio , with a mission to inform and engage the populace in debate about their situation and encourage them to find peaceful solutions to their problems .
I had gone to Swat to help train Pact 's reporters .
I checked into the Serena Hotel in the town of Mingora , Swat 's last remaining hotel in one of the few towns in the area which is still relatively safe .
The Serena has 50 rooms set in beautiful landscaped grounds .
I was the only guest in the entire hotel and the first one they had seen in well over six weeks .
The handful of other people they have had stay this year were all journalists like myself .
It 's become a ghost hotel .
Yet despite the empty rooms all of the uniformed staff have been kept on by the Aga Khan - who owns the Serena .
They are lucky .
The damage to the economy means that few people in Swat have a job anymore .
And they were truly delighted to see me .
" Would you like to order dinner , madam ? " a saffron - suited waiter asked on my first night .
I mumbled something about whatever they could rustle up in the kitchen being fine .
His face registered surprise .
" We have everything listed on the menu , madam .
Fish and chips with mushy peas , sizzling beef fillet , traditional Pakistani cuisine . "
" How can you ? " I asked .
" You have n't got any guests . "
" But we are a five star hotel madam , " he said proudly .
" We must maintain standards at all times . "
A few minutes later a steaming plate of delicious paratha , raita and masala beans ( a Swati speciality ) arrived at my door .
After that the staff could n't do enough for me .
Word went out they had one - a real , live , paying guest - and all of them rushed to display their impeccable service .
Curfew Most nights - exhausted after the pressures of trying to bring live radio to the remote mountinas - I would order a snack in my room rather than a full meal in the restaurant .
It left the waiter 's face crushed with disappointment .
Night after night I observed as he got through his lonely shift by pacing the vacant restaurant floor until it was time to go home .
A local resident caught up in the fighting in Swat is taken to hospital
So one night I ordered a three course meal and ate it in the restaurant just to please him .
Local friends who were supposed to join me could n't because of a curfew imposed by the military banning all outside movement and travel after dusk .
The curfew has made normal life all but impossible for the locals - people can't get to work on time , the sick can't get to hospital , teachers can't get to school .
Leave it too late to set off for your destination before curfew begins and you risk being arrested , spending a cold night at a check - point until dawn , or worse , being shot on sight by a nervous and frightened soldier .
Many people have been .
It seemed wrong to sit in the restaurant eating like a queen when the people of Swat are so desperate .
But I realised any injection to the economy , however small , was needed .
And the look of professional pleasure on the waiters face as he brought out each dish made it worth it .
The staff were so eager to look after me that on more than one occasion I guiltily put the ' do not disturb ' sign on my door just to get a few moments of peace from the constant offers of fresh towels , a cup of tea , laundry or a shoe shine .
But if at times I found the attention annoying , I was grateful for it when the fighting began .
Unable to sleep Fighters of Swat 's leading militant , Maulana Fazlullah
Around 7 pm every evening it started .
Boom boom boom , followed by the inevitable shaking of the building , sometimes so strong it was impossible to distinguish it from the earthquakes which routinely hit the region .
It was the sound of the military offensive - evidence that the Pakistani military has stepped up its battle against the local Taleban .
For several nights in a row I was unable to sleep as mortars and gunfire echoed across the mountains , sometimes for 12 hours solid .
One night I counted 60 mortars in less than an hour .
Some blasts were so close the windows threatened to shatter .
On those occasions I would walk the empty corridors until I found a friendly member of staff .
They were always ready with gentle assurance .
" Please do n't worry , madam .
It 's normal .
Nothing unusual happening tonight . "
For centuries nothing changed in Swat .
A fiercely traditional people upholding the strong Pashtun traditions of hospitality - one reason the tourist industry came so naturally to them .
But their ancient way of life is increasingly at odds with the modern world .
Here women rarely leave the home , and most men and boys carry guns .
Yet the Swati people have always been open and accepting to the ways of outsiders .
And as a result this area was a real example of how Islamic conservatism can exist in peace with the secular world .
That has gone now .
The Pakistani Taleban appear to be slowly but surely taking over Swat with 80 % of the Swat valley estimated to be under their control when I was there .
Suicide attacks People in Mingora , Swat 's biggest town , say it is a question of when , not if the Taleban seize the town .
From what I witnessed the Pakistan army made a lot of noise , but appear to have gained little ground .
The hotel is peaceful during the day , but the fighting sounds close at night
One man told me how his brother had just been killed by the Taleban .
The brother stood out for being clean shaven and wearing a New York Yankees baseball cap , things likely to have offended the bearded , anti-American militants .
He was dragged from a shop .
His body was found a week later , with his hands tied behind his back and a gunshot to his head .
Suicide attacks by the extremists are also on the increase .
They are ostensibly aimed at military targets but hundreds of ordinary people have been killed and injured by them .
Despite this , popular and practical support for the Taleban is growing with many locals accusing the Pakistan military of firing indiscriminately and causing needless civilian deaths .
The thing everyone does agree on is that ordinary families , women and children are paying the heaviest price .
One evening I sat with the staff sipping chai on the hotel terrace over - looking a flower - filled garden , enjoying moments of surreal calm before the nightly fighting began .
I thought about how critical the events unfolding in Swat and the rest of Pakistan 's tribal areas really are , not only for the local people , but for global security .
One of the guards sighed and gestured across the grass with his arms : " This is where we used to hold weekly barbeques , we had a traditional tabla player and all the guests would dance . "
He turned to me expectantly , and asked : " Do you think those days will ever come back to us ? "
He looked so desperate for me to say yes , I truly wish I could have .
But as another exploding mortar thundered in the distance , I could not .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Keys Can be Copied From Afar ,
UC San Diego Computer Scientists Show
A Picture is Worth a Thousand Locksmiths
By Daniel Kane
UC San Diego computer scientists have built a software program that can perform key duplication without having the key .
Instead , the computer scientists only need a photograph of the key .
Kai Wang , a UC San Diego computer science graduate student and an author on the key duplication paper , points to the roof where researchers photographed keys that at his table .
The computer scientists subsequently decoded the keys using the new software program .
“ We built our key duplication software system to show people that their keys are not inherently secret , ” said Stefan Savage , the computer science professor from UC San Diego ’s Jacobs School of Engineering who led the student - run project .
“ Perhaps this was once a reasonable assumption , but advances in digital imaging and optics have made it easy to duplicate someone ’s keys from a distance without them even noticing . ”
Professor Savage presents this work on October 30 at ACM ’s Conference on Communications and Computer Security ( CCS ) 2008 , one of the premier academic computer security conferences .
The bumps and valleys on your house or office keys represent a numeric code that completely describes how to open your particular lock .
If a key does n’t encode this precise “ bitting code , ” then it wo n’t open your door .
In one demonstration of the new software system , the computer scientists took pictures of common residential house keys with a cell phone camera , fed the image into their software which then produced the information needed to create identical copies .
In another example , they used a five inch telephoto lens to capture images from the roof of a campus building and duplicate keys sitting on a café table about 200 feet away .
Scenes from one of the proof - of - concept telephoto experiments using a new software program from UC San Diego that can perform key duplication without having the key .
Instead , the computer scientists only need a photograph of the key .
“ This idea should come as little surprise to locksmiths or lock vendors , ” said Savage .
“ There are experts who have been able to copy keys by hand from high - resolution photographs for some time .
However , we argue that the threat has turned a corner — cheap image sensors have made digital cameras pervasive and basic computer vision techniques can automatically extract a key ’s information without requiring any expertise . ”
Professor Savage notes , however , that the idea that one ’s keys are sensitive visual information is not widely appreciated in the general public .
“ If you go onto a photo - sharing site such as Flickr , you will find many photos of people ’s keys that can be used to easily make duplicates .
While people generally blur out the numbers on their credit cards and driver 's licenses before putting those photos on - line , they do n’t realize that they should take the same precautions with their keys , ” said Savage .
As for what to do about the key duplication threat , Savage says that companies are actively developing and marketing new locking systems that encode electromagnetic secrets as well as a physical code .
“ Many car keys , for example , have RFID immobilizer chips that prevent duplicated keys from turning the car on , ” he says .
In the meantime , he suggests that you treat your keys like you treat your credit card and “ keep it in your pocket unless you need to use it . ”
How it works
The keys used in the most common residential locks in the United States have a series of 5 or 6 cuts , spaced out at regular intervals .
The computer scientists created a program in MatLab that can process photos of keys from nearly any angle and measure the depth of each cut .
String together the depth of each cut and you have a key ’s bitting code , which together with basic information on the brand and type of key you have , is what you need to make a duplicate key .
Stefan Savage , a computer science professor from UC San Diego ’s Jacobs School of Engineering led the student - run “ Sneakey ” project .
The chief challenge for the software system , called “ Sneakey , ” is to adjust for a wide range of different angles and distances between the camera and the key being captured .
To do so , the researchers relied on a classic computer vision technique for normalizing an object ’s orientation and size in three dimensions by matching control points from a reference image to equivalent points in the target image .
“ The program is simple .
You only need to click a few control points in the image of the key and the ‘ Sneakey ’ program does the rest .
It normalizes the key ’s size and position so that each pixel then corresponds to a known distance .
From this information , the height of each of the key cuts can easily be computed and likewise the bitting code can be extracted , ” explained Benjamin Laxton , the first author on the paper who wrote the Sneakey program and recently earned his Master ’s degree in computer science from UC San Diego .
The researchers have not released their code to the public , but they acknowledge that it would not be terribly difficult for someone with basic knowledge of MatLab and computer vision techniques to build a similar system .
“ Technology trends in computer vision are at a point where we need to consider new risks for physical security systems , ” said Kai Wang , a UC San Diego computer science graduate student and author on the new paper .
Wang is a computer vision researcher working on the creating systems capable of reading text on product packaging .
This is part of a larger project on creating a computerized personal shopping assistant for the visually impaired from the lab of computer science professor Serge Belongie .
As a computer security expert , Savage said he particularly enjoyed working on a project with computer vision students .
“ UC San Diego is very supportive of interdisciplinary work .
There are many opportunities for students and faculty to get their hands dirty in fields they may not know much about a lot at first , ” said Savage .
Paper citation :
“ Reconsidering Physical Key Secrecy : Teleduplication via Optical Decoding , ” by Benjamin Laxton , Kai Wang , and Stefan Savage from the Department of Computer Science and Engineering at UC San Diego ’s Jacobs School of Engineering .
ACM CCS 2008 , Alexandria , VA , October 2008 .
Project Website : http://vision.ucsd.edu/~blaxton/sneakey.html
Media Contact : Daniel Kane , 858-534-3262
Haskell でTwitterクライアントを書いてみました
http://inajob.no-ip.org/lab/Hwitter.zip
ソースも同梱してあるので何かの参考になるかな？
Twitを目指したけどまだまだってかんじｗ
主な機能 Twitterへの投稿が可能
FriendTimelineを閲覧可能
ユーザアイコンの取 得
ポップアップ通知（うざい）
TinyURL自動展開
うれしかったこと JSONのパー サ
http://www.tom.sfc.keio.ac.jp/~sakai/d/?date=20060427#p02
を少し変更して使ったんだが、この変更がかなり楽だった。
Haskellは美しくパーサがかけることが分かった
こまかいユーティリティ関数は関数的に綺麗に書けたものもあった
In a previous post I discuss how I outsourced my cooking for $ 60 a week .
In this article , I discuss my experiences with a virtual assistant .
I also reviewed a team of virtual assistants , and compare my single virtual assistant versus a team of assistants with task based processing .
Need more time ?
I can help .
Read the details about my new course The Outsource Solution .
You ’ll learn you how to outsource your tasks , so you can turn small amounts of money into large amounts of time .
Spend more time with people you care about , and doing the things you love .
Click To Learn More
The Experiment
I know some of the day to day tasks I do online suck up a lot of my time .
I have automated some of these tasks , such as automatic email filtering , and streamlined other processes such as how I read blogs .
I decided to try an experiment with a virtual assistant , to see if I could effectively outsource parts of my digital life .
I also compared my solo virtual assistant to a professionally managed , concierge style virtual assistant team .
What I expected
I imagined I would be able to save some time with a virtual assistant .
Further , I hypothesized that the team would do a better job than my solo assistant – but would be more expensive , and it would end up being a decision based on value provided .
A Normal Sid Life Processing Flow
Before we get to comparing the virtual assistants , let ’s set up the base task processing workflow .
I am one person , I have a list of tasks to do , and I do them :
Of course , we can see where the bottleneck is here : Sid .
Pros :
Consistent quality
Simple organization hierarchy – Single point of contact
Task progress constantly updated and available
Cons :
Does n’t scale
Single point of failure
Sid Life Processing with One Virtual Assistant
To remove the bottleneck in the process above I add a second person and delegate some tasks to them .
In this case , some of the tasks I have been delegating are :
Researching various items for me in spreadsheets
Summarizing data
In the new workflow , yellow arrows show processes the virtual assistant is handling , and blue show processes Sid is handling :
With two people , I ’ve already increased my efficiency .
I still have to review the work , but it takes 5 minutes to review versus a couple of hours to do it .
While the initial set up took some time and I needed to go back and forth to get the quality up to par , now that we have a smooth system set up Prabhu is executing well .
Pros :
Consistent quality provided the tasks are well defined
provided the tasks are well defined Improved efficiency for my low urgency , high priority tasks .
I can take them off my task queue and hand them off
Cons :
Does n’t completely scale –
There are still some limits on hours and availability
Life Processing with a Virtual Assistant Team
I compared a few services that provide a task based ( as opposed to assistant based ) solution , where each task goes into a queue and is handled by whatever assistant is available and qualified .
Now I can assign multiple tasks , and if the service has the bandwidth available , all my tasks will be worked on at the same time :
I think this new model is very interesting , and on the surface looks like it would be much more efficient than having a jack - of - all - trades type assistant , since each task can be handled by an optimized person .
How does A Team of Assistants stack up ?
Pros :
Consistent quality – again , provided the tasks are well defined
again , provided the tasks are well defined More tasks at once With multiple people working at once , instead of 2 - 3 days of a single virtual assistant ’s time , I had all my research back within 5 hours .
Cons :
Additional communications channels – since I do n’t know who exactly is working on a task , if I want to speak with them I have to call , have the specific aide located , and then I can contact them .
Comparison of Approaches
So , what are the main benefits of each approach ?
No assistants :
The biggest benefit of having neither is simplicity .
There is overhead in providing assistants enough details so that they can complete a task without your intervention , as well as reviewing their work .
: The biggest benefit of having neither is simplicity .
There is overhead in providing assistants enough details so that they can complete a task without your intervention , as well as reviewing their work .
Single virtual assistant :
A single assistant provides you with a consistent , loyal workforce you can depend on , such as in my case .
The downside here is if your assistant is sick / unavailable , that ’s too bad – unless you have a backup assistant , you likely are going to be without help until they are back to 100 % .
Over time , they will become more skilled to your specific needs and likely not need any retraining .
: A single assistant provides you with a consistent , loyal workforce you can depend on , such as in my case .
The downside here is if your assistant is sick / unavailable , that ’s too bad – unless you have a backup assistant , you likely are going to be without help until they are back to 100 % .
Over time , they will become more skilled to your specific needs and likely not need any retraining .
Virtual assistant team : I think the biggest benefits of the team approach vs a single assistant are 1 ) the quick turnaround , 2 ) the multiple aides working on multiple tasks at a time and .
The biggest downside is you may have to get a service , which will add overhead costs or you need to vet more people individually .
I cover this in more detail in The Outsource Solution
Conclusion , Recommendations
No extra tasks , I can handle everything and / or I do n’t like delegating :
Do n’t hire anybody .
: Do n’t hire anybody .
I have consistent repeated , reasonably skilled , easily outlined , low urgency tasks :
A single virtual assistant will likely suffice .
: A single virtual assistant will likely suffice .
Varied , occasional tasks that can be very urgent and require a timely response – for this situation specifically , you might consider a team of round the clock assistants , or a local virtual ( or even real life ! ) assistant .
Ready to get started outsourcing so you can accomplish more in less time ?
Read the details about my new course The Outsource Solution .
You ’ll learn you how to outsource your tasks , so you can turn small amounts of money into large amounts of time .
Spend more time with people you care about , and doing the things you love .
Click To Learn More
Each proton is made of three quarks , but the individual masses of these quarks only add up to about 1 % of the proton ’s mass ( Illustration : Forschungszentrum Julich / Seitenplan / NASA / ESA / AURA -Caltech )
Matter is built on flaky foundations .
Physicists have now confirmed that the apparently substantial stuff is actually no more than fluctuations in the quantum vacuum .
The researchers simulated the frantic activity that goes on inside protons and neutrons .
These particles provide almost all the mass of ordinary matter .
Each proton ( or neutron ) is made of three quarks – but the individual masses of these quarks only add up to about 1 % of the proton ’s mass .
So what accounts for the rest of it ?
Theory says it is created by the force that binds quarks together , called the strong nuclear force .
In quantum terms , the strong force is carried by a field of virtual particles called gluons , randomly popping into existence and disappearing again .
The energy of these vacuum fluctuations has to be included in the total mass of the proton and neutron .
Advertisement
But it has taken decades to work out the actual numbers .
The strong force is described by the equations of quantum chromodynamics , or QCD , which are too difficult to solve in most cases .
So physicists have developed a method called lattice QCD , which models smooth space and time as a grid of separate points .
This pixellated approach allows the complexities of the strong force to be simulated approximately by computer .
Gnarly calculation
Until recently , lattice QCD calculations concentrated on the virtual gluons , and ignored another important component of the vacuum : pairs of virtual quarks and antiquarks .
Quark - antiquark pairs can pop up and momentarily transform a proton into a different , more exotic particle .
In fact , the true proton is the sum of all these possibilities going on at once .
Virtual quarks make the calculations much more complicated , involving a matrix of more than 10,000 trillion numbers , says team member Stephan Dürr of the John von Neumann Institute for Computing in Jülich , Germany .
“ There is no computer on Earth that could possibly store such a big matrix in its memory , ” Dürr told New Scientist , “ so some trickery goes into evaluating it . ”
Crunch time
Several groups have been working out ways to handle these technical problems , and five years ago a team led by Christine Davies of the University of Glasgow , UK , managed to calculate the mass of an exotic particle called the B_c meson .
That particle contains only two quarks , making it simpler to simulate than the three - quark proton .
To tackle protons and neutrons , Dürr ’s team used months of time on the parallel computer network at Jülich , which can handle 200 teraflops – or 200 trillion arithmetical calculations per second .
Even so , they had to tailor their code to use the network efficiently .
“ We spent an enormous effort to make sure our code would make optimum use of the machine , ” says Dürr .
Without the quarks , earlier simulations got the proton mass wrong by about 10 % .
With them , Dürr gets a figure within 2 % of the value measured by experiments .
Higgs field
Although physicists expected theory to match experiment eventually , it is an important landmark .
“ The great thing is it shows that you can get close to experiments , ” says Davies .
“ Now we know that lattice QCD works , we want to make accurate calculations of particle properties , not just mass . ”
That will allow physicists to test QCD , and look for effects beyond known physics .
For now , Dürr ’s calculation shows that QCD describes quark - based particles accurately , and tells us that most of our mass comes from virtual quarks and gluons fizzing away in the quantum vacuum .
The Higgs field is also thought to make a small contribution , giving mass to individual quarks as well as to electrons and some other particles .
The Higgs field creates mass out of the quantum vacuum too , in the form of virtual Higgs bosons .
So if the LHC confirms that the Higgs exists , it will mean all reality is virtual .
If the eyes are the window to the soul , being able to manipulate how your eyes appear to others is a rather tricky lifehack .
Over at WikiHow they have a tutorial on methods of training yourself to shrink and enlarge your pupils .
Why might you want to do this ?
Scientists have actually studied how the way we feel about the things we see affects the size of our pupils ( welcome to the world of pupilometrics ) .
You can gain some insight as to how someone feels about you ( or someone or something else ) by observing changes in their pupils , and you can also affect the way someone feels about you by changing the size of your pupils !
Advertisement
The tutorial goes on to elaborate on several methods all of I , as your dutiful editor and purveyor of fascinating lifehacks , put to the test .
In my unscientific testing , the most effective trick on the list was number two :
Look in the mirror .
Try tensing your stomach in a variety of ways and see if it increases your pupil size .
Some people can dilate their pupils in this way , although the underlying mechanism is unidentified .
It could be connected to the feeling of " butterflies in your stomach " that you get when you like someone .
Advertisement
Or perhaps connected to the deep belly laughter of a maniacal genius bent on world domination !
If you test out any of the odd ( but safe ) methods listed in the article , share in the comments below .
For other body related lifehacks , check out our Top 10 Body Hacks .
Dilate or Shrink Your Pupils on Command [ WikiHow ]
The Licensing Act 2003 forbids the playing of live music without a licence .
Clowns appearing at a circus in Birmingham have been silenced by licensing regulators who banned them from playing their trumpets .
Zippos Circus said Birmingham City Council officials told them the show could not go on unless the clowns dropped the musical part of their act .
The circus , performing in Calthorpe Park , Edgbaston , until September 23 , fell foul of the Licensing Act 2003 .
The act forbids the playing of live music without a licence .
Circus owner Martin Burton said that applying for a licence was time - consuming and expensive and called for circuses to be exempt from the legislation .
' Ludicrous legislation '
Mr Burton said : " I 'm a big fan of silent comedy , but this is nonsense .
" Live music is an essential part of traditional clowning , and for us to be told that they can't play instruments , even in the three minutes of the show which features trumpets , is laughable . "
" Circuses should be exempt from this ludicrous legislation . "
The circus will move to Sheffield for performances starting on 25 September .
Jacqui Kennedy , Birmingham City Council 's director of regulatory services , said : " Under the Licensing Act 2003 elements of the programme proposed by Zippos would fall into the category of regulated entertainment .
" On that basis such events would require either a licence under the Licensing Act 2003 , or a Temporary Event Notice under the same legislation .
" Birmingham City Council do not condone unlicensed events . "
She said local authorities must ensure the four licensing objectives - the prevention of crime and disorder , public safety , the prevention of public nuisance , the protection of children from harm - were not undermined .
" As with all legislation there are interpretation issues and each case is determined on its merits , " she added .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Former Beatle Ringo
Starr will no longer sign memorabilia for fans and will throw away all fan mail he receives in the future , he has said .
" Please do not send fan mail to any address you have , " he said in a video message on his website .
" Nothing will be signed after the 20th of October .
If that is the date on the envelope , it 's gonna be tossed .
" I 'm warning you with peace and love I have too much to do , " the 68 - year - old drummer said .
Dressed in black clothes and dark glasses , Starr said it was " a serious message to everybody watching " .
He added : " No more fan mail and no objects to be signed .
Nothing . "
Sculpture
Starr , who released his most recent album Liverpool 8 in January , recently completed a tour of the US and Canada .
The musician currently divides his time between Los Angeles , the South of France and his UK home in Surrey .
In April , a foliage sculpture of Starr outside a railway station in Liverpool was beheaded by vandals .
The performer had reportedly angered some locals when he told the BBC's Jonathan Ross he missed nothing about the city .
NEW YORK / DETROIT ( Reuters ) -
It ’s not just the slow - selling trucks and SUVs from Detroit that are being marked down sharply for quick sale : U.S. automakers are also desperate to make a deal for themselves .
At the center of the sales efforts : Chrysler LLC , the No. 3 U.S. automaker that traveled from federal bailout to German takeover to private equity ownership over three decades .
Cerberus Capital Management , which has owned Chrysler since 2007 , has proposed swapping Chrysler ’s loss - making auto operations for GM ’s remaining 49 - percent stake in finance company GMAC , sources familiar with the matter said .
Analysts see that as the kernel of a brilliant deal for Cerberus and a potential quagmire for GM at a time when its ability to ride out a deepening downturn in global auto sales has been scrutinized by investors and creditors .
In recent weeks , Cerberus has had talks with automakers from Italy to India and could still clinch a deal with General Motors Corp to offload the Chrysler , Jeep and Dodge brands , according to people familiar with the talks .
Cerberus , headed by Stephen Feinberg , once talked of its $ 7.4 billion deal to buy Chrysler from Daimler AG in 2007 as a chance to rescue “ an American icon . ”
Now , the more pressing focus seems to be rescuing an exit strategy for Cerberus and its co-investors , including the talks with GM that have hit a snag over how much Chrysler is worth , according to people familiar with the talks .
“ It makes sense for Cerberus because it gets them out of the car - making business and keeps them 100 percent in the financing business , which is an area they understand better , ” said Michael Robinet , an analyst with CSM Worldwide .
In 2006 , Cerberus paid $ 7.4 billion to GM for a 51 - percent stake of GMAC , which has been hurt by its exposure to the troubled U.S. mortgage market .
GMAC ’s mortgage lender , ResCap , has lost money for seven straight quarters -- $ 7.2 billion over that period .
Under the deal proposed by Cerberus , the private equity fund would take full control of GMAC just as the U.S. government is preparing to buy up distressed assets from financial institutions with a newly approved $ 700 billion fund .
That could provide an immediate boost to GMAC ’s balance sheet .
Cerberus would also be able to combine GMAC with Chrysler Financial to wring more cost savings out of the combined financing company , analysts and bankers said .
By contrast , Chrysler ’s value -- like GM ’s -- has plunged over the past year .
GM shares are down 80 percent this year and its market value last week neared $ 2.6 billion , below the roughly $ 4 billion it was worth in 1929 .
The Cerberus acquisition valued Chrysler , including its finance unit , above $ 9 billion .
GM has suggested the auto operations could now be worth less than $ 1 billion , according to one person familiar with the talks .
BUYER BEWARE
But a crucial problem is what GM would be getting by taking over Chrysler even at that price .
On the one hand , it would quickly control a third of the U.S. auto market and could retake its position as the largest automaker by global sales from Toyota Motor Corp -- a point of pride for decades at GM .
But GM would also be saddled with a total of 11 auto brands and over 66,000 employees -- boosting its payroll by about 25 percent at a time when it is desperate to conserve cash .
GM would also own dealerships throughout the United States that would suddenly be squaring off across the street with line - ups that remain tilted heavily toward the trucks and SUVs that American consumers have shunned .
In one twist , GM would get the iconic Jeep SUV brand , known around the world for its off - road prowess , just as it is looking to sell its own Hummer brand , which it built up as a competitor .
The combination of Chrysler , Dodge and Jeep brands with GM ’s existing eight brands , including Chevrolet , Pontiac , GMC and Saturn , could actually hurt sales because of their large overlap , a risk one investment banker described as “ negative revenue synergies . ”
The urgency of GM ’s turnaround plans reflects the deep slump in sales and its own cash burn , which averaged $ 1 billion a month over the past quarter .
Chrysler ’s sales have plunged 25 percent this year amid an overall decline of 13 percent in U.S. industry sales .
GM ’s own sales are down 18 percent .
U.S. auto sales , already hurt by rising gas prices and a weak housing market , have been whacked by an escalating credit crisis that has Americans either walking away from vehicle purchases or stymied by a lack of financing .
For GM , whose stock plunged to its lowest level in almost 60 years this past week , taking on another struggling automaker could make already worried investors even more jittery .
“ Once you get past the flat - out absurdity part of it , it really does n’t hold together because the last thing GM needs here is a company with too many models , too many divisions and too many dealers , ” said Peter DeLorenzo , publisher of Autoextremist Website , said .
If GM bought Chrysler , it would have to cut costs even more deeply than the $ 10 billion in cuts it has already pledged through 2009 .
“ It will certainly mean job cuts , which none of us like but is the way of the world , ” said Tim Ghriskey , chief investment officer with Solaris Asset Management .
“ The only way you do this is if you could make significant cuts . ”
( Additional reporting by Ben Klayman in Chicago )
Qualcomm has dropped the development of its successor to CDMA technology Ultra Mobile Broadband ( UMB ) and will re-focus its 4G effort on LTE .
UMB was to have been Qualcomm ’s proposal for the 4G technology standard , but no major operator decided to adopt it .
Instead , LTE and Wimax are the two contenders to be the 4G standard .
It is thought that Qualcomm ’s allegedly excessive charges for CDMA licenses , after agreeing to license CDMA on ‘ fair , reasonable and non-discriminatory ’ terms following the international community ’s widespread adoption of CDMA as the 3G standard , combined with what was regarded as an aggressively litigious stance towards the rest of the industry , led to the wireless industry shunning UMB for 4th generation networks .
As Europe ’s leading semiconductor analyst , Malcolm Penn , CEO of Future Horizons , put it : “ You only get one chance to screw the industry . ”
Vitaliy N. Katsenelson writes :
I ’ve said for a long time that one should not trust economic statistics data coming from the Chinese Government as it has the incentives ( and power ) to interrogate the data until it confesses to what it wants to see .
Today we learned that industrial production in China rose 8.2 % in October , a slowdown from 11.4 % growth in September , and falling below expectations of 10.8 % .
So even though industrial production growth was not great , it was still growth and a fairly decent growth by the “ developed ” world standard .
But there was another bit of news ( in the same article ) that really bothered me – volume of electricity generation dropped 4 % in October – yes , it was a drop .
So which number would you trust ?
Maybe it is the pessimist in me , or maybe I ’ve written so many “ China will slowdown articles ” that I am looking for data confirming my view ( the confirmation bias ) – that is possible , I am human after all .
Or maybe I have a hard time imagining industrial production rising in high single digits while electricity generated declined during the same time period .
China may have some country specific innuendos that I may be missing being thousands of miles away , but unless proven otherwise I ’d believe in decline not growth in the Chinese economy , especially when all the other numbers show decline as well : car inventories are at four year highs , real estate market ( both commercial and residential ) are overbuilt , government is coming up with a $ 600 billion stimulus package , unemployment is rising , demand from the developed world has slowed down etc …
~~~
Vitaliy N. Katsenelson , CFA , is director of research at Investment Management Associates in Denver , Colo. , and he teaches a graduate investment class at the University of Colorado at Denver .
He is the author of “ Active Value Investing : Making Money in Range - Bound Markets ” ( Wiley 2007 ) .
By Mark Ward
Technology correspondent , BBC News
Windows 3.x established the look of the operating system .
An application has expectedly quit .
Windows 3.x has come to the closing moments of its long life .
On 1 November Microsoft stopped issuing licences for the software that made its debut in May 1990 in the US .
The various versions of Windows 3.x ( including 3.11 ) released in the early 1990s , were the first of Microsoft 's graphical user interfaces to win huge worldwide success .
They helped Microsoft establish itself and set the trend for how it makes its revenues , and what drives the company until the present day .
High flyer
For many computer users 3.x was the first Windows - based operating system they used , and the software established the iconography of Microsoft 's flagship product .
As it was updated the software started to make PCs a serious rival to Apple machines , as it could take advantage of much improved graphics , had a broader colour palette , and could use multimedia extras such as sound cards and CD Rom drives .
Microsoft maintained support for Windows 3.x until the end of 2001 , and it has lived on as an embedded operating system until 1 November 2008 .
Windows 3.x has found a role onboard some long - haul jet aircraft .
As an embedded system , it was used to power such things as cash tills in large stores and ticketing systems .
One of its more glamorous uses as an embedded operating system is to power the in - flight entertainment systems on some Virgin and Qantas long - haul jets .
Tech specs Stefan Berka , who runs the GUI Documentation Project , said the important technical innovations in the software were its extended memory that could address more than 640KB and the improvements to hardware support .
The fact that it was 100 % compatible with older MSDOS applications helped too .
Windows 3.x required an 8086/8088 processor or better that had a clock speed of up to 10MHz .
It needed at least 64KB of RAM , seven megabytes of hard drive space , and a graphics card that supported CGA , EGA and VGA graphics .
By comparison , the Home Basic version of Windows Vista requires a 32 - bit 1GHz processor , 512MB of RAM , 20 GB of hard drive space , and a graphics card with at least 32 MB of memory .
Many people still rely on older operating systems .
" I have n't received an e-mail about Windows 3.11 for a long time , " said Andy Rathbone , author of a Dummies guide to the software .
" But I would n't be surprised if some people still use it . "
Sales of the software still pop up on eBay , he said , but not at a price that would tempt him to part with his unopened copy of Windows 3.1 .
Agent Quang from home IT support firm
The Geek Squad , said he regularly encountered venerable operating systems in customer 's homes but it had been a long time since he saw Windows 3.x .
" The majority of machines we see are running XP , " he said , " Vista is still a bit flaky here and there and people are not comfortable with it . "
But , he said , Windows 95 and 98 were still popular with some customers .
" We see them on laptops and people are unwilling to let them go , " he said .
" It 's perhaps because in the early days laptops cost a lot more money they do now , and there 's much more perceived value there . "
Agent Quang 's personal favourite operating system was Windows 98 because , by the end of its life , the software was so solid .
Old Iron
He said anyone running an ageing operating system might face problems as they try to find a web browser that could run on it and display the latest online innovations .
" We had a case a while ago a customer with a Windows 98 machine trying to view her website and the pictures were just not coming up , " he said .
" Eventually we had to install Netscape Navigator to get it working . "
Stefan Berka said he had recently re-installed Windows 3.11 on a computer and was surprised at the results .
" Personally , I had fun at my last Windows 3.11 test installation to make it a useful desktop operating system again , " he said .
" With patched SVGA driver for 1024x768 resolution , Internet Explorer 5 , WinZIP , VfW and Video Player , it was still useful , " he said .
" The desktop was ready after a few seconds ' loading time . "
Said Mr Rathbone : " Windows 3.11 would still work reasonably well today , provided it only ran software released around the same time . "
He cautioned against anyone considering returning to the olden days and using it as their mainstay operating system .
He said : " I would n't connect it to the internet , though , as it's not sophisticated enough to ward off attackers . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On Dec. 15 , the United States will endure a quadrennial ritual born in the economics and politics of slavery and the quill - pen era .
Members of the Electoral College are scheduled to meet in each of the 50 states and the District of Columbia to formally choose the next president .
There is no real doubt about how the electors will vote , but it is disturbing that they have any role at all in making this vital choice in the 21st century .
The Electoral College is more than just an antiquated institution : it actively disenfranchises voters and occasionally ( think 2000 ) makes the candidate with fewer popular votes president .
American democracy would be far stronger without it .
There is no reason to feel sentimental about the Electoral College .
One of the main reasons the founders created it was slavery .
The southern states liked the fact that their slaves , who would be excluded from a direct vote , would be counted  as three - fifths of a white person  when Electoral College votes were apportioned .
The founders also were concerned , in the day of the wooden printing press , that voters would not have enough information to choose among presidential candidates .
It was believed that it would be easier for them to vote for local officials , whom they knew more about , to be electors .
It is hard to imagine that significant numbers of voters thought they did not know enough about Barack Obama and John McCain by Election Day this year .
For same - sex couples , the roller coaster ride for the right to marry shifted Wednesday from the rough and tumble of a political campaign back to the California Supreme Court .
And the fate of gay marriage in this torn state is as murky as ever .
“ It ’s very hard to predict what the court will do , ” said Erwin Chemerinsky , dean of the University of California - Irvine Law School .
“ This is an issue where there is n’t enough law to make a prediction . ”
Before the final votes on Proposition 8 were even tallied Wednesday , civil rights groups and San Francisco city officials filed two separate legal challenges in the California Supreme Court , asking the justices to block the state ’s latest ban on same - sex marriages .
The salvos are expected to set in motion another protracted legal tussle over gay marriage that could eventually spill into other courts , including , at some point , the U.S. Supreme Court .
The civil rights challenge was filed on behalf of six same - sex couples who now want to marry , including San Jose partners Brad Jacklin and Dustin Hergert , who say they no longer have the right because of the passage of Proposition 8 .
The arguments in the state Supreme Court do not address the status of the estimated 18,000 same - sex couples who have married in recent months , a separate legal question that is expected to surface in other court cases .
Attorney General Jerry Brown has said he will defend those existing marriages , but Proposition 8 supporters question the validity of such unions because the ballot measure bars legal recognition of gay marriages .
Most legal experts say courts frown on taking away established rights , but Loyola law Professor Jennifer Rothman noted that it would create a “ bizarre world ” in California with some gay couples married and others deprived of the future right to tie the knot under Proposition 8 .
Still , the consensus is that existing marriages will remain legal .
“ It ’s very unlikely with the state supporting it these marriages are going to be invalidated , ” Rothman said .
But in the meantime , the broader attack on Proposition 8 returns to the state Supreme Court , which legalized gay marriage in May by striking down the state ’s prior ban on same - sex weddings .
The Supreme Court found the ban unconstitutional , but Proposition 8 was designed to trump the 4 - 3 ruling by amending the state constitution to confine marriage to heterosexual couples .
The legal challenges filed Wednesday argue that a ballot proposition ca n’t be used to amend the state constitution when it strips away an established legal right , in this instance the equal right of gays and lesbians to marry .
In court papers , gay marriage supporters insist such a provision can only go to the voters after being considered by the Legislature .
As a result , they ’ve asked the Supreme Court to block Proposition 8 from going into effect .
San Francisco city officials , joined by Santa Clara County and Los Angeles , filed an identical legal argument with the justices .
“ The core purpose of a constitution is to protect minority rights , ” said Shannon Minter , legal director for the National Center for Lesbian Rights .
“ It ’s the law of California that same - sex couples have the fundamental right to marry . ”
Proposition 8 supporters vow to defend the law in court , saying the legal challenge is an attempt to undermine the will of the voters .
They view the measure as no different from past voter changes to the constitution , such as restoration of the death penalty .
“ I do n’t think they are going to get very far , ” said Andrew Pugno , lead attorney for the Proposition 8 campaign .
Legal experts such as former state Supreme Court Justice Joseph Grodin say the challenge raises novel questions for how the high court deals with a constitutional amendment that conflicts with the justices ’ past ruling on a constitutional right .
But if the argument fails , many legal analysts believe Proposition 8 will be challenged in the federal courts .
“ Sooner or later , a couple that wants to be married will bring their own lawsuit to federal court or challenge Prop. 8 under U.S. constitutional law , ” Chemerinsky said .
Legal petition against Prop. 8 vote – Get
more Business
Documents
Contact Howard Mintz at hmintz@mercurynews.com or ( 408 ) -286-0236
Raw video : Boulder , Colorado .
October 31/08 : Twelve of the runners who streaked the Pearl Street Mall in Boulder , Colorado on Friday night ( October 31/08 ) wearing nothing but pumpkins on their heads will have to register as sex offenders if they are convicted of indecent exposure .
The 10th year of the Naked Pumpkin Run started as usual — with laughter , beer and a whole lot of pumpkin carving .
But the nude run , which has grown in recent years to include well over 100 people , ended with police citing 12 of the streakers for indecent exposure , a Class 1 misdemeanor .
Police have warned runners in the past that the activity is n’t legal , but this is the first time officers showed up en mass to enforce the law .
Now the ticketed runners , whose names have not yet been released , will have to register as sex offenders — a scarlet letter that could mark their professional and personal lives for years — if the charge of indecent exposure sticks .
“ It ’s very nasty , ” said Alexander Garlin , a local lawyer who has experience defending sex- related criminal charges .
“ Over the years , the system , the way of responding to individuals who are called sex offenders , ultimately has become institutionalized .
There ’s a whole industry around this , and certain critics have charged that the industry is too much one - size - fits - all .
” Convicting a naked pumpkin runner of indecent exposure in court , however , may not be completely straightforward .
According to state law , the prosecution must show that the defendant “ knowingly exposed his genitals to the view of any person , ” which is the easy part in this case , and that the exposure likely caused “ affront or alarm ” to someone .
The “ affront and alarm ” is the obvious place to begin a defense , Garlin said .
In the case of the pumpkin run , which did n’t start until nearly 11 p.m. , many of the people packed onto the mall said they were there specifically to see the nude runners .
“ How does a jury figure out if someone is guilty ( of affronting and alarming ) beyond a reasonable doubt ? ” Garlin said .
“ I would guess the average Boulderite is not likely to be affronted or alarmed — entertained , maybe .
” If the cited runners do n’t want to test their luck in court , they could try to plead to a lesser charge .
In this case , the obvious alternate would be “ public indecency .
” Oddly , public indecency may sound worse on paper — it includes doing such things in public as having sex , masturbating or fondling someone else — but it carries far less serious consequences .
Public indecency is a Class 1 petty offense and does not require registration as a sex offender .
“ Public indecency has a real kicker — it ’s generally nakedness plus some pretty hard - core conduct , ” Garlin said .
Boulder Police Chief Mark Beckner said his officers cited the runners because “ first of all , it ’s illegal , ” he had a high enough staffing level that night and he was concerned that the event was getting out of hand .
“ This is n’t OK , ” he said .
“ It is against the law .
You ca n’t do this with immunity .
” Indecently exposedNudity in Boulder is n’t exactly uncommon , and in the past couple of years a growing number of people have been questioning how nudity is dealt with by police under different circumstances .
For example , why were n’t a group of naked cyclists given tickets in July when a naked jogger was cited for indecent exposure in June ?
Large naked events , such as Friday ’s Naked Pumpkin Run and the Naked Bike Ride , have n’t typically drawn much police attention .
But this year , a dozen people were cited with indecent exposure after jogging down the Pearl Street Mall wearing nothing but a carved pumpkin over their heads .
Im interested to see if people think these people deserve to be registered as sex offenders ?
Media Matters nails Fox News three times yesterday for false assertations .
Do they honestly believe no one is listening or checking the facts ?
In this age of YouTube , Media Matters and FactCheck.org nothing usually slips by without someone catching you lying on tevee or the radio .
Gretchen Carlson was the first one they caught , no surprise there .
The Fox and Friends Show is always making ludicrous claims that they try to pass off as facts – in there so called Fair & Balanced reporting .
Fox News ’ Gretchen Carlson falsely claimed that “ roughly 40 percent ” of Sen. Barack Obama ’s plan to cut taxes “ is a handout to people who do not pay taxes . ”
In fact , all American workers are required to pay taxes on their wages for Social Security and Medicare , and according to an Obama economic adviser , “ every person that receives a tax cut under Barack Obama ’s plan is working . ”
Next up Brit Hume , the GOP cheerleader , and Gretchen yet again – repeated a report of Sarkozy comments about Obama , without noting French Embassy dismissed report as “ groundless ” .
Special Report host Brit Hume , Fox & Friends co-host Gretchen Carlson , and New York Post writer Geoff Earle uncritically repeated a report by Israeli newspaper Haaretz that French President Nicolas Sarkozy called Sen.
Barack Obama ’s position on Iran “ utterly immature ” and “ formulations empty of all content ” without noting that the French Embassy issued a statement calling the Haaretz report about Sarkozy ’s comments “ groundless . ”
Lastly , Shepard Smith who was disturbed the other day by “ Joe the Plumber ’s ” statement about Obama – yesterday , affirmed Palin ’s misleading claim that Obama “ voted 94 times for higher taxes . ”
After airing video of Gov. Sarah Palin ’s misleading assertion that Sen. Barack Obama “ voted 94 times for higher taxes , ” Fox News ’ Shepard Smith affirmed Palin ’s claim , saying , “ Well , they ’ll [ Democrats ] argue with that , but I guess down to its core , that ’s true . ”
However , Smith offered no support for his purported confirmation of Palin ’s assertion , and FactCheck.org has described the claim as “ inflated ” and “ padded . ”
Reviewing each of Obama ’s 94 votes , FactCheck.org found :
Twenty - three were for measures that would have produced no tax increase at all ; they were against proposed tax cuts .
Seven of the votes were in favor of measures that would have lowered taxes for many , while raising them on a relative few , either corporations or affluent individuals .
Eleven votes the GOP is counting would have increased taxes on those making more than $ 1 million a year — in order to fund programs such as Head Start and school nutrition programs , or veterans ’ health care .
The GOP sometimes counted two , three and even four votes on the same measure .
We found their tally included a total of 17 votes on seven measures , effectively padding their total by 10 .
The majority of the 94 votes — 53 of them , including some mentioned above — were on budget measures , not tax bills , and would not have resulted in any tax change .
Four other votes were non-binding motions related to conference report negotiations .
Fox News is the most biased in the business , with a conservative tilt .
No wonder John McCain and Sarah Palin do interviews with them ; they do n’t need to worry about being challenged on any false assertations they make .
It ’s like playing baseball and having the umpire on your side , you ca n’t lose .
Subscribe Posted by Michael Pinto on Nov 17 , 2008 in Animation
It ’s starting to look like there is a very good chance for Hollywood to produce a Robotech film , although the project can still get shot down .
After the Speed Racer film I have mixed feelings as to if Hollywood can get the film right , although on the flip side many fanboys seemed happy with the Transformers films .
To me it ’s not a question of special effects which Hollywood can do well , but if they can make the story and casting work :
Big - screen ‘ Robotech ’ lands scribes
“ Alfred Gough and Miles Millar have been drafted to pen “ Robotech , ” Warner Bros . ’ adaptation of the anime classic .
Akiva Goldsman and Chuck Roven are producing with Tobey Maguire and Drew Crevello .
Lawrence Kasdan wrote a previous draft .
Warners is intent on keeping the project moving forward , and Gough and Millar bring action and geek cred to the table .
The WMA - repped duo worked on “ The Mummy : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor ” and “ Spider - Man 2 , ” among other films , and were showrunners on TV’s “ Smallville ” for many years .
Frank Agrama of rights - holder Harmony Gold is executive producing “ Robotech , ” as is Jason Netter . ”
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) -- Federal Reserve policymakers now expect the U.S. economy to contract for as much as a year , with the risk that the slowdown could persist for even longer , according to edited minutes of a closed - door meeting of the Federal Open Market Committee on Oct. 28 and 29 .
The Fed governors and Fed bank presidents " generally expected the economy to contract moderately in the second half of 2008 and the first half of 2009 , and agreed that the downside risks to growth had increased , " the minutes said .
Without using the word , the Fed is now forecasting a recession lasting a year or so .
It would be the longest recession since the 16 - month recession in 1981 - 82 .
The committee said it " would take whatever steps were necessary to support the recovery . "
Read the minutes .
Nevertheless , " the subsequent recovery would be relatively gradual , " the committee said .
" Financial stresses would recede only slowly , notwithstanding the extraordinary measures that had been taken . "
The central bankers also said they expected inflation to " diminish materially in coming quarters ... to levels consistent with price stability . "
Some policymakers said economic weakness could lead to inflation falling too much , opening up the specter of deflation .
The minutes were released on Wednesday , after the usual three - week delay .
They also include a summary of two conference calls held by the FOMC .
The FOMC lowered its target for the federal funds interest rate by a half - percentage point to 1 % at the Oct. 29 meeting , and hinted that further rate cuts could be coming to address the worsening economy .
See archived story .
Even after the rate cuts , members of the FOMC thought " substantial downside risks " would remain , the minutes said .
The 17 participants in the FOMC meeting also downgraded their formal economic forecasts .
The consensus of the group now looks for gross domestic product to grow between 0 % and 0.3 % in 2008 , with growth in 2009 between negative 0.2 % and positive 1.1 % .
Those estimates are significantly lower than the forecasts made in June , when they thought the economy would grow between 1 % and 1.6 % this year and between 2 % and 2.8 % next year .
The FOMC now projects the unemployment rate will average between 6.3 % and 6.5 % at the end of this year and will average between 7.1 % and 7.5 % next year .
Three months earlier , the FOMC had expected unemployment to remain below 6 % throughout the period .
The FOMC said inflation would moderate to a 1.3 % to 2 % pace next year , with core inflation at 1.5 % to 2 % , within the Fed 's so - called comfort zone .
Looking ahead , the FOMC said further rate cuts may be necessary .
Most of the risks were to the downside , with some participants concerned about a " negative spiral in which financial strains lead to weaker spending , which in turn leads to high loan losses and a further deterioration in financial conditions . "
Some members of the committee argued that the FOMC should quickly unwind its easy money policies as financial markets normalized .
Some members said " further policy action might have limited efficacy " and that the FOMC had " limited room " to lower the fed funds target and should therefore go slowly .
The committee did not discuss in depth its options for quantitative easing now that the federal funds rate is so close to zero , at least according to the summary released Wednesday .
So - called quantitative easing policies would allow the Fed to continue flooding the economy with funds even if the target rate were zero .
In a speech on Wednesday , Fed Vice Chairman Donald Kohn said the Fed had already engaged in some forms of quantitative easing .
He said that it should explore what other forms of quantitative easing might be employed " as contingency planning . "
See full story .
John Makin , a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute , said that the Fed should consider direct purchase of government securities and mortgage - backed securities .
Mickey Levy , the chief economist at Bank of America , said he would like the Fed to buy mortgage securities in the open market .
" This would pump more liquidity and loosen up mortgage lending , " he commented .
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
The revelation that students at the country 's most prestigious seats of learning enjoy an occasional joint is hardly the stuff of headlines - unless that country is Japan .
Judging by recent coverage , Japan is in the midst of a marijuana epidemic that is ensnaring everyone from students to suburban housewives and sumo wrestlers .
A slew of arrests for drug - related offences among elite scholars has sparked widespread indignation that more youngsters are choosing to while away their university years in a fug of marijuana smoke .
While police once focused their attention on amphetamines and other stimulants , recent statistics show a dramatic increase in cases involving cannabis .
In the first half of this year the number of cases in which suspects were questioned or arrested stood at 1,202 , a 12 % increase on the same time last year .
The number of cases involving the cultivation of cannabis at home was up by almost 50 % , the national police agency said .
A record 2,423 violations were recorded in 2006 , but police expect that figure to be beaten with ease this year .
Recreational marijuana use hit the headlines this summer when three Russian sumo wrestlers were kicked out of the sport for allegedly smoking the drug .
In recent months newspapers have reported arrests for dealing , cultivating or possessing marijuana at some of Japan 's best universities .
Daytime TV shows , meanwhile , blame foreign suppliers for corrupting gullible Japanese teenagers and , increasingly , bored housewives , as they move out heavily policed city centres into the suburbs .
The Mainichi Shimbun , often a progressive voice on other issues , devoted part of its front page yesterday to a fuming editorial warning of the potential ruination of Japan 's finest universities by the evil weed .
Noting that students of the 1960s concerned themselves only with " world peace " , the paper derided their modern - day counterparts ' unhealthy obsession with attaining a different kind of tranquility .
Of the recent campus arrests , it says : " It is rational to believe that these cases are just the tip of the iceberg , and that ' drug pollution ' at university campuses is more widespread than generally thought . "
There does not appear to be a problem with supply .
In July , police in Tokyo seized 180kg of cannabis - Japan 's biggest haul - with a street value of ¥ 720 m ( £ 4.6 m ) .
Smokers who prefer not to risk buying from dealers - who charge , on average , six times the going rate in the Netherlands - are growing their own .
Accordingly , the number of people arrested for growing the plant at home , many with seeds bought on the internet , has risen fivefold over the past 10 years .
Japanese law takes a dim view of the recreational use of soft drugs .
The 1948 cannabis control law calls for prison terms of up to 10 years and hefty fine for anyone found importing , exporting , growing , selling or buying cannabis .
Its use for medical purposes , permitted in some other countries , is also banned .
Japanese activists are pushing for a change in the law to permit the use of cannabis among sufferers of diseases such as cancer , multiple sclerosis and Parkinson's .
" Cannabis is harmless compared to alcohol and tobaccos , but still the government overreacts and ruins the lives of anyone found with it , " Koichi Maeda , the founder of the Japan Medical Marijuana Association , told the Guardian .
" We asked the government to provide evidence of the harm they say marijuana causes , but they could n't . "
Maeda , who runs a hemp restaurant in Tokyo , believes recent media coverage of the issue shows how far public attitudes towards dope smoking in Japan lag behind those in Britain and parts of Europe .
" The authorities use the media to peddle their claims that marijuana is a gateway drug to harder substances , and the media are too stupid to check if what they are being told is true , " he said .
" All the newspapers do is run sensationalist articles based on what the police tell them .
It makes me so angry .
( Credit : Michael Buchino , also available as a shirt )
The database alerts them to new words and phrases and can tell them which expressions are disappearing .
It also shows how words are being misused .
SAN FRANCISCO ( Reuters ) - California committed to getting a third of its electricity from renewable sources by 2020 in a Monday executive order by Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger .
California , which often leads the federal government on environmental issues , already had committed to produce 20 percent of its power from renewables such as wind and solar by 2010 as part of its plan to cut emissions of carbon that contribute to global warming .
California ’s Air Resources Board had recommended the additional 2020 goal for the state ’s so - called renewable portfolio standard , and the state legislature still must pass the goal into law .
The executive order requires state agencies to begin preparing for the change .
“ All retail sellers of electricity shall serve 33 percent of their load with renewable energy by 2020 .
State government agencies are hereby directed to take all appropriate actions to implement this target in all regulatory proceedings , including siting , permitting , and procurement for renewable energy power plants and transmission lines , ” the order said .
California ’s renewables mandate has sent utilities such as PG&E Corp and Edison International scrambling to add more renewable power generation , and many new solar power plants and wind farms are currently under construction in the Golden State .
Schwarzenegger also ordered that renewables project regulation be streamlined , for instance allowing multiple applications required for a new plant be filed at once , instead of sequentially .
Of all of the tenets of the secular pseudo - religion , Americanism , the principle dogma is that of American Exceptionalism .
Put simply , the precept of ‘ American Exceptionalism ’ is the notion that the American people , the American way of life and the American form of Democracy are a result of holy providence and are of divine origin and inspiration .
It is a most pernicious concept ; one upon which most , if not all , of the other false creeds of Americanism are based and to which most if not all of America ’s failings can be attributed .
On August 20 , 2008 , Andrew Bacevich , a conservative historian , Boston University professor and retired colonel who spent twenty - three years serving in the US Army , appeared on ‘ Democracy Now ! ’ to discuss his new book entitled “ The Limits of Power : The End of American Exceptionalism . ”
He stated :
“ Well , this is not an idea that ’s original with me .
It ’s clear that from the founding of the Anglo - American colonies , from the time that John Winthrop made his famous sermon and declared that 'we shall be as a city upon a hill , ' a light to the world — it ’s clear that , from the outset , there has been a strong sense among Americans that we are a special people with a providential mission . ”
A providential mission .
This is precisely where this precept becomes dangerous .
Is America exceptional ?
Yes , most definitely ; the Republic of the United States of America is exceptional .
It was exceptional at its inception and it was founded by exceptional men .
There is no rationally sustained argument which can negate that .
The Constitution , the Bill of Rights and the Declaration of Independence are all exceptional documents , each with their own merit , historically , philosophically and in many ways besides .
The USA is exceptional , too , in the matter of freedom of speech and personal expression .
Not only is this freedom at the core of the law of the land and boldly evident at the birth of the nation , but it has been internalized by all of its citizens for generations and occasionally even exercised by some .
America is exceptional for a whole slew of reasons .
Only the most ardent ideologues would disagree in principle .
It should be noted , however , that the term ‘ exceptional ’ does not exclude negative attributes or conditions .
The canon of ‘ Exceptionalism ’ , however , invariably connotes righteousness and imparts the odor of sanctity to all things American .
How America has shown itself by its actions to be exceptional but by no means righteous are many : exceptionally aggressive in foreign policy , exceptionally bellicose , exceptionally parochial , exceptionally arrogant and exceptionally reluctant to abolish slavery , to name a few examples .
The point of this article , however , is not the failings of American policy but the debasement of America ’s exceptionally high - minded principles by the sentimental attachment to the false doctrine of ‘ American Exceptionalism . ’
The danger of subscribing to the concept of ‘ Exceptionalism ’ is in the unthinking , unwitting belief that Americans and America have the sole , exclusive claim to being exceptional and thus according to the accepted precept , are righteous in all things .
The danger of the widespread belief in such a notion by the citizens of a country should be obvious : it leads to chauvinistic , nationalistic policies such as ‘ preventative war , ’ ‘ regime change ’ and empire building .
Moreover , the danger of such self - centered , imperialistic policies is compounded and exacerbated dramatically by the attendant belief that these policies and all policies of the USA stem from ‘ a providential mission . ’
Citing ‘ divine guidance ’ to justify government policy nullifies rational debate and dissent , the foundation of democratic governance .
George W. Bush , a self - professed ‘ man of God , ’ has claimed not only that his presidency is a ‘ divine mission ’ but that he , himself , is guided by his faith , by his God .
In June 2002 , for example , he sermonized to West Point graduates , “ We are in a conflict between good and evil , and America will call evil by its name . ”
Bush and his administration have made it abundantly clear that they do not want to hear dissent or debate on the matters of his ‘ mission . ’
One need only recall Mr. Bush ’s disdainful frat - boy flippancy when faced with criticism or Mr. Cheney ’s rash and contemptuous disregard for the opinions of the vast majority of Americans on the matter of the occupation of Iraq to find verification for this assertion .
The resultant atmosphere of zealous , self - righteous piety smacks of the same sort of religious - based fundamentalism that is derided and anathematized when proclaimed by radical Islamists , to offer but one example .
When supernatural power , other - worldly agents and mystic intuition are the basis on which governance is determined , the natural world of humanity and the means by which humans chart the course of their lives ( such as logic , rational discourse , education , and empathy ) are undermined and disregarded as superfluous .
In the more extreme cases , disputation of the ‘ providential mission ’ and ‘ divine guidance ’ is condemned as blasphemy and subject to harsh punishment ; often ostracism or death .
While an unwillingness to adhere to ‘ Americanism ’ and the tenet of ‘ American Exceptionalism ’ might not lead to immolation or decapitation , those journalists who have dared to question the ‘ divine inspiration ’ and wisdom of Mr. Bush ’s ‘ mission ’ have most assuredly found themselves excommunicated and barred from the hallowed sanctum of the White House press room .
Furthermore , citizens voicing their dissent by silently displaying placards or slogan - emblazoned T - shirts in the presence of administration officials have been arrested and sequestered .
A careful examination of the public record will , most assuredly , provide many more examples of free speech being sacrificed at the altar of ‘ Exceptionalism . '
The systematic ostracism of non-believers is clearly evidenced by the well - publicized “ public demonstration zones ” at the upcoming conventions of the two major political parties .
These euphemistically named holding pens and detention centers for dissidents have been condemned by the ACLU and other Civil Rights organizations as a violation of the First Amendment Right to Free Speech .
It is tragically ironic that one of America ’s rightful claims to being exceptional is at risk because of the fearful over - reaction by those of the ‘ Exceptionalism ’ sect .
The tautological , circumlocutory argument of American Exceptionalism can be stated thusly : “ We are on a providentially inspired mission and are guided by a ‘ Higher Power ’ , therefore whatever our actions or policies , we can not be in the wrong . ”
Or as Elwood Blues put it , “ We ’re on a mission from God . ”
Next Page 1 | 2
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
A federal district judge ordered the Miami - Dade School Board to put a children ’s book about Cuba back on the shelves immediately until the case goes to trial .
The judge , Alan S. Gold , issued a preliminary injunction in favor of the American Civil Liberties Union of Florida , which filed a lawsuit challenging a school board decision to remove the book , “ Vamos a Cuba , ” and its English version , “ A Visit to Cuba . ”
The board voted to ban the book last month after a parent said it painted a deceptive picture of life in Cuba .
