The new Wells Fargo Prime Rate Credit Card offers a panacea to shady interest rate hikes , a former specialty of the credit card industry .
The premise of the card is that its rates never go higher than the Prime Rate , a rate used and referenced by banks .
Today ’s WSJ prime rate is an indulgent 3.25 % .
Makes you want to spend , does n’t it ?
The catch is , of course , in the fine print :
The Prime Rate APR does not apply to cash advances .
If a minimum monthly payment is not received for two consecutive billing periods or the new balance shown on your billing statement exceeds your account ’s credit limit for two consecutive billing periods , the Default Rate , as described in your Customer Agreement and Disclosure Statement , may apply .
The card only works for people who use their credit responsibly in the first place .
People who tend to forgo payments will find themselves in the very situation they ’re trying to avoid–a jacked - up “ default rate . ”
Nonetheless , this is the best news to come out of the credit crunch in some time .
The Prime Rate card is a sweet deal for anyone who does n’t pay off their entire bill monthly , and needs a card to carry debt .
I hope other banks follow suite .
Tim Sneath
7/17/2020
5 minutes to read
In this article
Just another Developer Network site
This morning , Mozilla shared their feelings on IE9 with a post that claims to answer the question , ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 02/15/2011
While my job here at Microsoft consumes much of my waking life , I spend a little of my spare time ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 11/29/2010
The HTML5 family of specifications provide two different models for vector graphics : canvas and SVG ....
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 11/02/2010
MVVM ( Model / View / ViewModel ) is an architectural pattern that is well - suited for Silverlight and WPF ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 11/02/2010
Websites are exploding in the quantity of interactivity they contain : over the last few years , they ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 11/01/2010
Browser performance is a multi- dimensional topic : there are eleven different subsystems that taken ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 11/01/2010
In the last session , focusing on virtual memory , it was noted that there was almost no connection ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 10/29/2010
Fundamentals of Memory Management Windows has both physical and virtual memory .
Memory is managed in ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 10/28/2010
Now that the keynote is over , my formal duties for the event are mostly complete .
Lots going on ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 10/28/2010
Tomorrow is the start of the PDC , and while I have a quiet moment before the final keynote ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 10/27/2010
Love this Hallowe ’en card creator from Archetype : Built using Silverlight , it enables you to carve ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 10/19/2010
For many developers , the acid test of whether HTML5 is ready for primetime is gaming .
Few other ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 10/11/2010
This is really nicely done – a behind - the - scenes video for the Never Mind the Bullets project I ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 10/07/2010
I ’m serious .
I genuinely think this is the single most exciting open position in Microsoft today ....
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 10/06/2010
An interesting discussion broke out in the comments to the blog post on Never Mind the Bullets ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 10/03/2010
It ’s been a while – almost exactly a year – since I last wrote an entry for the blog .
To tell the ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 09/29/2010
The PDC is the pinnacle of the Microsoft events calendar as far as I ’m concerned : it ’s the flagship ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 09/23/2009
As everyone must know by now , the Windows 7 Release Candidate is broadly released and available for ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 05/06/2009
What is Windows 7 doing at a web conference like MIX09 ?
Last week I went along to the above titled ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 03/24/2009
Windows
Azure is n’t particularly “ on - topic ” for this blog , but hey , just because I ’m a client guy ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 03/24/2009
Seema Ramchandani works on performance as a Program Manager on the Silverlight team .
She gave a ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 03/24/2009
Brandon Bray gave an interesting presentation at MIX09 on how the CLR ( the execution engine that ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 03/23/2009
Deborah Adler presented a fascinating case study of how user experience design can really have a ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 03/19/2009
Dean Hachamovitch is the General Manager for the Internet Explorer team .
Amazingly , he managed to ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 03/19/2009
As announced at the MIX09 conference today , we just shipped the final version of Internet Explorer ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 03/19/2009
At 9 am Pacific ( GMT - 7 ) , I ’ll start live blogging the second day of MIX09 keynotes .
As with ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 03/19/2009
In previous years , I ’ve posted a live blog here of the major announcements at our flagship developer ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 03/17/2009
It ’s been a little while in coming , but I ’m delighted to announce that we ’ve shipped the latest ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 02/23/2009
Not a huge release this one , but we 've just shipped an update for Silverlight 2 that fixes a number ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 02/19/2009
A lot , it turns out .
Some long - time readers may remember my post of a year or two back where I set a ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 01/29/2009
Just wanted to take a moment to highlight Mike Swanson ’s amazing theme pack for Windows 7 .
Mike is a ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 01/25/2009
Over the next week or so , I want to put a bit of context behind some of the announcements from PDC , ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 11/03/2008
It ’s Sunday morning , and I ’m sitting back - stage in the huge keynote room here at the PDC in Los ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 10/26/2008
Get it from http://silverlight.net/GetStarted, along with the developer tools , documentation and the ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 06/06/2008
If you 're into any of the technologies that this blog covers , you 'll be mad if you miss the ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 05/30/2008
I have n't seen these training videos receive nearly the coverage they deserve , so I wanted to try ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 05/20/2008
Today I 'm excited to announce the public beta availability of a major new release of WPF .
Since we ...
Author : Tim Sneath Date : 05/12/2008
Next >
Geschätzte Gäste !
um dem langjährigen Vertrauen in unsere Familie gerecht zu werden gelten derzeit folgende Anzahlungs - und Stornoregelungen mit sehr hoher Flexibilität für unsere Gäste :
Für alle Reisen bis zum 6 .
Dezember 2020 können
Sie kostenlos bis 4 Tage vor Anreise stornieren .
Für alle Reisen bis zum 6 .
Dezember 2020 werden keine Anzahlungen verlangt .
Für alle Buchungen ab 17.12.2020 gelten die vor Corona geltenden Stornobedingungen .
Unsere Weihnachts - und Silvestergäste bitten wir also um eine Anzahlung von 20 % bis ein Monat vor Anreise .
Sie können uns bei Fragen telefonisch jederzeit erreichen , ihre Anfragen und Mails werden täglich beantwortet .
Sie möchten sicherlich wissen , was sich für Sie als Gast mit dem Re-Start ändert , alle Details dazu finden Sie in unserem Hygienekonzept .
Vor Ort stehen
Ihnen zudem unsere Covid - 19 Hygienebeauftragten Daniela Brugger und Markus Gandler zu allen Fragen betreffend Corona zur Verfügung !
Wir nehmen als Unternehmen an der Initiative „ Sichere Gastfreundschaft “ teil .
Damit setzen wir ein klares Signal für das Einhalten von Standards bei der Bekämpfung des Covid - 19 - Virus , um unseren Gästen ein sicheres und unbeschwertes Urlaubserlebnis im Juffing bieten zu können .
Mit der Teilnahme an der Initiative „ Sichere Gastfreundschaft “ ermöglichen wir unseren Mitarbeiterinnen und Mitarbeitern die regelmäßige und freiwillige Teilnahme an wöchentlichen Testungen auf das Covid - 19 - Virus .
Auf unser Facebook Seite und auf Instragram finden Sie immer alle aktuellen Informationen .
Wir grüßen
Sie herzlich aus Hinterthiersee und freuen uns so sehr wie noch nie auf ein baldiges Wiedersehen !
Bleiben Sie gesund .
Familie Juffinger - Konzett
One of my personal challenges in physical activities ( martial arts , Yoga , weightlifting ) has always been flexibility .
Some people have quite naturally good flexibility , others have to work on it .
What exactly is flexibility ?
There is a very common perception that flexibility is a physical characteristic - that its a question of muscle , ligament and tendon length .
Stretching exercises , therefore , are thought to result in physical lengthening of the body parts resulting in increased flexibility .
Numerous authorities have a radically different view on this .
Tom Kurz , Pavel Tsatsouline and even a professor of kinesiology at UC Chico ( Duane Knudsen - see this recent NYTimes article ) have very changed perspectives about flexibility and stretching .
Their thinking is that flexibility is not a physical restriction - that is , you are not limited by the length of your muscles or ligaments or tendons - but rather by the programming of your nervous system , which is not under your conscious control .
While under anesthetic , for example , a surgeon can rotate your shoulder a full 360 degrees .
An experiment used by both Tom Kurz and Pavel Tsatsouline using the side splits is to lift one leg at a time into the splits position , like the photo below illustrates :
If you can do this with each leg , you have shown that it is not a physical restriction that prevents you from doing the full side splits .
There is no tissue connecting each leg to one another , which means that something else is stopping you from performing the splits .
That " something else " is your nervous system .
The theory is that your unconscious nervous system imposes these restrictions on how far it will let you stretch your muscles .
Flexibility training , then , should concern itself with reprogramming the nervous system to let you stretch further .
This is precisely what the programs of Tom Kurz and Pavel Tsatsouline are concerned with .
For some free information on the kinds of stretching programs ( typically known as " dynamic stretches " )
I recommend Tom Kurz 's free column , " Stretch Yourself " .
Good luck with your training !
Niall O'Higgins is an author and software developer .
He wrote the O'Reilly book MongoDB and Python .
He also develops Strider Open Source Continuous Deployment and offers full - stack consulting services at FrozenRidge.co .
AutoBidMaster , in addition to customer - oriented services , give you a number of reasons to choose us over other online classic car auctions .
All at once , you additionally receive an emergency card replacement in addition to cash advance together with the 24 - hour travel assistance service .
Kirkland Classic Car Show 2015 was hosted by the Kirkland Downtown Association & Legends Car Club , July 2015 with major sponsor , Iden 's Dealer Services .
Sometimes , spare parts for classic cars were not available in every city .
There are many reasons that we buy classic cars in the market .
The Land Rover Series 1 very quickly became a very capable vehicle and soon production was expanding as a lucrative export market opened its arms to the Land Rover .
The Alvis Owner Club is the premier club for all Alvis car and military vehicle enthusiasts .
Insuring a classic car differs from insuring a regular vehicle .
Most people may agree a car dating from 30 or more years ago is a classic ( and they could well be right ) .
Be a member of classic car community and interact with people having interest in classic cars .
The club was formed during the 1970’s .
It continues to be a strong club of ...
The retired scientist formerly in charge of key NASA climate programs has come out as a sceptic .
Dr John Theon , who supervised James Hansen - the activist - scientist who helped give the manmade global warming hypothesis centre prominent media attention - repents at length in a published letter .
Theon wrote to the Minority Office at the Environment and Public Works Committee on January 15 , 2009 , and excerpts were published by skeptic Senator Inhofe 's office here last night .
" As Chief of several of NASA Headquarters ’ programs ( 1982 - 94 ) , an SES position , I was responsible for all weather and climate research in the entire agency , including the research work by James Hansen , Roy Spencer , Joanne Simpson , and several hundred other scientists at NASA field centers , in academia , and in the private sector who worked on climate research , " Theon wrote .
" I appreciate the opportunity to add my name to those who disagree that global warming is man made . ”
Theon takes aim at the models , and implicitly criticises Hansen for revising to the data set :
“ My own belief concerning anthropogenic climate change is that the models do not realistically simulate the climate system because there are many very important sub - grid scale processes that the models either replicate poorly or completely omit .
Furthermore , some scientists have manipulated the observed data to justify their model results .
In doing so , they neither explain what they have modified in the observations , nor explain how they did it .
" They have resisted making their work transparent so that it can be replicated independently by other scientists .
This is clearly contrary to how science should be done .
Thus there is no rational justification for using climate model forecasts to determine public policy . ”
Hansen is in charge of the GISS data set , derived from readings published by NOAA .
The GISS adjustment have received criticism ( a potted summary here ) for revising the historic record in an upward direction - and making undocumented and unexplained revisions .
Theon also takes issue with Hansen 's claim that he was suppressed by NASA officialdom , and states that the science did n't support Hansen 's increasingly apocalyptic warnings of an imminent thermageddon .
“ Hansen was never muzzled even though he violated NASA 's official agency position on climate forecasting ( i.e. , we did not know enough to forecast climate change or mankind 's effect on it ) .
Hansen thus embarrassed NASA by coming out with his claims of global warming in 1988 in his testimony before Congress . "
Hansen has called for energy industry executives to be jailed for dissenting from the man-made warming hypothesis . ®
Update : The EPW Minority office has published Theon 's correspondence in full , including his resume .
In a 37 - year career at NASA , his titles included Chief of the Atmospheric Dynamics , Radiation , & Hydrology Branch followed by a stint as Chief of the Climate Processes Research Program at NASA HQ .
The United Nations suspended all activities in the Gaza Strip Thursday , accusing Israeli soldiers of firing on a marked UN vehicle during a three - hour humanitarian cease - fire initiated by Israel .
The international Red Cross also complained that Israel was imposing " unacceptable " delays on its workers and said it was restricting its movement inside Gaza during Israel 's ongoing offensive against Hamas .
Just two days after a tank shell killed about 40 Palestinians , mostly civilians , taking refugee in a UN school in the Jabaliya refugee camp , a spokesman for the UN in Gaza accused the Israeli army of ignoring efforts to coordinate movement amid the fighting .
The Red Cross complained that Israel is hindering access to civilians .
Because the UN is one of the biggest providers of food and medical relief , halting shipments to Gaza will accelerate the worsening conditions in the besieged coastal enclave of 1.5 million Palestinians .
Israel is facing growing criticism due to the poor humanitarian conditions inside Gaza , and a burgeoning crisis would likely lead to more international pressure for a withdrawal of its forces .
" The IDF knows all of our movements , and coordinates .
Despite that we are still coming under attack , " says Chris Gunness , a spokesman for the UN Relief and Works Agency ( UNRWA ) .
" Until the [ Israeli Defense Forces ] can guarantee the safety and security of our staff , everything is suspended . "
Palestinians and human rights groups say that international aid is the only bulwark preventing a full - blown humanitarian crisis in Gaza .
About half of the population receives food aid , according to the Associated Press .
UNRWA supplies account for about half of the daily truck containers of relief supplies crossing from Israel into Gaza .
Israel 's military said that it was investigating the allegations made by the UN and the Red Cross .
The UN also demanded an investigation into Tuesday 's shelling near the UN school .
Israel says that militants fired rockets from the area of the school and then ran into the crowd of civilians to take cover .
An official for the Israeli military 's civilian liaison says that the army hopes to renew cooperation with the UN .
" We work closely with these organizations , " says Peter Lerner .
" We view their operations as necessary at all times . "
International efforts toward a cease - fire continued to make progress Thursday .
Diplomats meeting at the UN in New York are reportedly nearing a decision on a UN Security Council resolution that calls for an end to the Israel - Hamas fighting .
The United States , Britain , and France dropped their opposition to language calling for an immediate cease - fire , the AP reported .
More than 700 Palestinians have been killed and thousands wounded in nearly two weeks of fighting .
Four Israelis have been killed by cross - border rockets attack and another seven soldiers have died in the fighting , four of whom were killed by friendly fire .
The UN vehicle that was struck by Israeli gunfire Thursday came under small - arms fire from two directions in the northern Gaza Strip , despite having coordinated with the Israeli army .
Mr. Gunness says that UN personnel , institutions , and convoys have come under fire repeatedly throughout the 13 - day conflict .
With a staff of about 9,000 , UNRWA operates food distribution centers , medical facilities , and a network of schools in Gaza .
The food shipments accounted for roughly half of the total supply entering Gaza this week .
Other relief groups have complained of bureaucratic delays in sending supplies to Gaza .
If the food contributions from relief groups were cut off , the real situation imposed by Israel would be revealed , says Miri Weingarten , a spokeswoman for Physicians for Human Rights .
" The enormous amounts of international aid shipped in is holding up the line of subsistence , " she says .
" Basically the only one capable of preventing disaster is the government of Israel if the shipments do n't resume again . "
While big business may be crowning open source as the king of server - based computing , most enterprise movers and shakers vehemently deny any such moves in telephony .
Yet , open source in telecom is long past its debut and is , in fact , already in play in much of the Fortune 500 .
So why is open source a legitimate option in enterprise computing but bastardized so much in telephony ?
" Legacy telecommunications providers have spent a lot of marketing dollars on driving home the ' open source is bad ' message , " says Garrett Smith , director of marketing and business development at VoIP Supply .
" Enterprises know that some of the public and the telecommunications community carry this world view and that their use of open - source telecommunications has the potential to cause ' damage . ' "
Given the souring economy , hemorrhaging corporate bottom - lines and the panic in many a shareholder 's eye , will this " as advertised " fear hold sway much longer ?
Not bloody likely .
" We 're just seeing too many cases operating in open source for it not to go in the enterprise market , " says Gerry Purdy , Ph.D. , chief analyst of mobile and wireless at Frost & Sullivan .
Certainly , signs of an upcoming wave of open - source telephony adoption in the enterprise market are everywhere .
In fixed telephony , open - source projects are spreading like wildfire , the majority of them in VoIP form rushing to replace the expensive and restrictive PBX systems .
Most such projects are powered by or built upon Digium 's Asterisk , the world 's largest open - source telephony project , with 1.5 million downloads in 2008 .
" Asterisk is free .
We require no registration or anything so there is no concrete data on who 's using Asterisk ; but based on forums and other communications , my suspicion is that every Fortune 100 company is testing or using Asterisk in some way , " says John Todd , open source community director at Digium .
Asterisk allows deployers to build new telephone systems or to gradually migrate existing systems to new technologies by blending traditional and VoIP services .
Several members of the Asterisk community have reversed - engineered proprietary VoIP protocols by Cisco , Nortel and others , so that companies ' existing ( and expensive ) phone sets and hardware work with Asterisk - based telephony projects .
Such projects are then easily customizable so that phone calls and company data can merge to fingertip usefulness .
One pioneer in the open - source telephony space is Fonality which in 2008 recorded a record 3.3 million open - source commercial installations .
" But the truth is that open source is only the first layer of our overall solution , " explains Chris Lyman , Fonality 's CEO .
" We started with an [ open - source ] stack , using components such as Linux , Asterisk , Apache and Perl .
But , on top of that , we layered 5 million lines of our own proprietary code . "
" Because of the muddying waters , we have started to use the word ' open source - based ' to be a more accurate description of what we and so many companies now do , " he added .
Indeed , hybrid and blended solutions are beginning to emerge as a strong trend swell .
It 's also becoming more difficult to determine where one telephony open - source project ends and another begins .
" SIP [ Session Initiation Protocol ] and other key standard compatibility is already there in the Asterisk code , so the mobile phone compatibility component already exists .
A mobile phone can easily be an extension of the office system , " explains Todd .
The mobile front itself is immersed in a sea change of open - source adoption .
Among those changes are :
It previously could be argued that handset movement toward open source could amount to nothing in the end , given U.S. carriers ' ironclad hold on which handsets and features actually make it to users ' hands .
But that argument dissolves in the face of Verizon 's recent bid to open its cellular network to compatible and certified devices .
That play potentially breaks the locked device environment permanently .
" If Android gets certified on the Verizon network , any phone that runs Android could complete calls on Verizon , " says Gary Zimmerman , director of product marketing at Avotus .
" So the switch between carriers no longer requires a swap of equipment . "
This disconnection from the previously heavily - guarded and closed domains of carriers denotes a major and important shift .
In essence , the opening of carriers ' systems enables enterprises to achieve true unified communications :
The holy grail of all things corporate .
But that is not to say that mobile open source is ready for activate - and - play corporate use .
Rapidly converging technologies can frustrate enterprises when they try to reconcile service and product issues with their providers , points out John Klustner , senior vice president of Proudfoot Consulting , a 60 - year - old consulting firm operating in 14 countries .
" Their providers have not yet figured out how to support wireless , broadband and content issues simultaneously — not even for their major enterprise accounts , " says Klustner .
Frost & Sullivan 's
Purdy says that most enterprises are covered in silos and chose their mobile telephony elements accordingly .
For example , Windows Mobile works as an extension of Microsoft Exchange ; that 's good for Exchange users but it does n't help the 20 million Novell GroupWise users or over 50 million IBM Lotus Notes users .
RIM 's Blackberry connects to multiple backends and appeals to both Lotus Notes and MS Exchange users .
GoodLink , recently purchased by Motorola , has an advantage here , according to Purdy , as it works with multiple devices and networks , including polar opposites Lotus Notes and Microsoft Exchange .
Although by and large these are costly arrangements , says Purdy , the proprietary solutions do offer two key elements that open - source mobile does not : security and manageability .
Open - source telephony will soon provide better security and manageability options , but probably as peripherals — which means that in the end , these open - source solutions will not be free .
For example , Purdy says Nokia hopes to sell hardware and support to enterprises using its " free " open - source - based mobile service .
Still , the advantages of convergence in corporate communications will likely far outweigh the support and maintenance costs .
One prime example of the advantages posed by convergence via open - source mobile telephony is the Obama campaign 's use of an open - source iPhone application .
Supporters could download the app from the iTunes store , and organize and prioritize their contacts on their iPhone by key battleground states .
This allowed supporters to make an immediate and effective impact and enabled the Obama campaign to keep a record of calls made ( although no personal information was recorded ) .
We all know the outcome of that presidential race , but the value of making supporters race against each other to rank highest on the list of number of calls made is nearly incalculable in terms of supporter morale and retention as well as voter turnout .
All along the campaign trail , Obama 's people had more real - time intelligence than any public poll could possibly provide and leveraged an army of supporters who often elected to share their friends ' contact info with the campaign .
" It speaks to the power of open source that iPhone , a closed proprietary system , has over 40 new open - source projects underway , and not all of them are apps , " says Peter Vescuso , senior vice president of marketing at Black Duck Software .
" All Software as a Service ( SaaS ) products and services are built on open source too , which is further proof that a paradigm shift is underway . "
Two other examples seem to point to the same conclusion : Microsoft 's open - source project hosting website , CodePlex , and the prevailing interest in cloud computing fueled by Microsoft and other computing industry giants .
Without doubt , the cost savings are potentially huge to corporations desperately seeking to cut budgets .
Mobile phone costs are one of the biggest line items .
The lusted gains in efficiency achievable only thru unified communications could also net considerable hard and soft cash savings .
" Enterprises are looking for ways to save money , says VoIP Supply 's Smith .
" And when you can save hundreds of thousands , even millions , in a time where every dollar matters , I believe that more enterprises will embrace open source . "
Smith also expects those who use open - source solution to become a little more forthcoming , since open - source adoption will be perceived as a business positive — especially to shareholders — demonstrating how you are decreasing costs without sacrificing quality , performance or functionality .
Analysts expect the enterprise market to embrace open source telephony by 2010 .
There are a few brave CIOs out there willing to openly concur now with Smith 's opinion on not only the draw of open source telephony , but the inherent responsibility to make the move posthaste .
" If you are a CIO and are not at least piloting open - source software , then you are failing in your responsibilities to provide a strategic roadmap for reducing costs and increasing functionality for your enterprise , " says Russell Clarkson , CIO of Matrix Business Technologies , a provider of voice , data , and Internet services and a subsidiary of Platinum Equity .
TOKYO , Dec. 24 ( UPI ) --
The elderly in Japan are turning to petty crime , including shoplifting and pick - pocketing , to help make ends meet , the nation 's Justice Ministry said .
A government report found that last year , 48,605 Japanese persons age 65 and older were arrested in crimes other than traffic violations , which is more than double the number five years earlier , CNN reported Wednesday .
Advertisement
" The main reasons they shoplift are poverty and loneliness , " said Kazuo Kawakami , a former federal prosecutor .
" The traditional Japanese family is gone , and now our elderly live alone . "
Japan 's economy lapsed into recession this year , and at the same time , the nation 's pension system has been beset by corruption , leaving many pensioners worrying about their future .
CNN said on Japan 's northern island of Hokkaido , more elderly than youths -- by a 3 to 2 ratio -- were arrested in 2006 .
Critics say Peru 's leaders are opening up the rain forest to biofuel crops US President George W Bush has signed off a free - trade pact with Peru despite strong opposition from ecologists and labour - rights activists .
Four days before handing over to Barack Obama , he signed a proclamation enacting the pact on 1 February .
The pact was concluded nearly three years ago but concerns over Peru 's environmental policies had held up its approval in the US .
The Peruvian government is accused of putting the Amazon rain forest at risk .
Peru is the 14th country to have signed a free - trade pact with the US since Mr Bush took office eight years ago .
Relief in Lima Earlier this week , Democrats in the US Congress and development organisations said Peru had still not fulfilled key obligations to improve its labour rights and environmental standards and urged Mr Bush not to sign the deal .
Seventy per cent of the Amazon runs the risk of deforestation
Roger Najar
head of the indigenous caucus in Peru's Congress
In Peru , opposition lawmakers point to a newly amended forestry law backed by Mr Garcia , which allows large swaths of rain forest to be converted into biofuel projects if they are deemed " a matter of national interest " .
" The new law means 70 % of the Amazon runs the risk of deforestation , " Roger Najar , head of the indigenous caucus in Peru's Congress , told the Associated Press news agency .
Perus ' Environment Minister , Antonio Brack , said Mr Najar was misinterpreting the new law .
The Peruvian government will be relieved that Mr Bush has signed off the pact , the BBC's Dan Collyns reports from Lima .
It was worried that if the pact had been left to a new US administration focused on fighting a recession and saving jobs at home , it could have been delayed for another six months .
For Peru , the deal will expand the duty - free access it has had to the US market since the early 1990s .
In return , it will eliminate duties on more than three - quarters of US industrial and consumer products , and more than two - thirds of its agricultural exports .
Peruvian farmers have protested that the deal will flood the domestic market with subsidised US imports , undercutting home - grown agricultural produce .
There is also concern that with Peru opening its markets to US companies , poor Peruvians will be unable to afford expensive imports such as medicine .
Meanwhile Peru is hedging its bets as it sees the US , its leading trading partner , facing a financial crisis , our correspondent says .
With several other bilateral deals under its belt , it is pinning its hopes on the Asian market and expects to close trade pacts with China , South Korea and Japan this year .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why Marx was wrong about economists
Posted by William Coleman
Karl Marx argued that economists were merely apologists for the ruling class .
Marx said of political economy that from 1830 : it was thenceforth no longer a question , whether this theorem or that was true , but whether it was useful to capital or harmful , expedient or inexpedient , politically dangerous or not .
This view of economics and economists lives on today in much contemporary anti-capitalist writing .
Dr William Coleman - the author of Economics and its Enemies : Two Centuries of Anti-Economics - shows why it is wrong .
In the wake of the remarkable electoral victory of Australia 's conservative Liberal and National parties in October 2004 , a century - old Australian tradition is looking unsteady .
The newly - elected government is resolved to break the foundations of the powerful wage tribunals that have dominated wage - making in Australia for 100 years .
Now , in that always dangerous pause between the will and the act , the Business Council of Australia has entered , and hoisted its own proposal .
It wants to abolish the tribunals , and replace them with panels of economists to make recommendations about minimum wages and conditions .
An abysmal idea !
Not the proposal to abolish wage tribunals - that is excellent - but the idea of economists somehow ' planning ' wage rates .
The free market would do a far better job than any economist in deciding what should be the lowest wage society will offer .
But what I wish to take up in the column is a quite distinct objection to such a vision of empanelled economists .
I wish to take up the likelihood that this vision will stoke the fire of anti-economics .
My concern is that a board of economists deciding the appropriate minimum wage will inevitably lead to a public display of unions pressing for higher minimum wages for the poorest , and economists resisting .
It will necessarily contrive a spectacle in which unions and various ' friends of humanity ' are pitched in a contest against economists and business .
It will , therefore , provide an exhibit that will animate , and seemingly vindicate , the Left 's interpretation of economics : that economics is there to justify , legitimate , and apologise for the rule of wealth , capitalism and plutocracy .
The thesis that economics is no more than an apology for wealth may be called ' Left anti-economics ' , and it is the most hardy of all species of anti-economics .
Left anti-economics can be contrasted with Right anti-economics .
Whereas Right anti-economics assumes the market is destructive of a ( good ) social order ( and is therefore bad ) , Left anti-economics supposes the market is constitutive of a ( bad ) social order and is therefore ( also ) bad .
Whereas to Right anti-economics , economists by their advocacy of the market are disruptive of ( a good ) social order , to Left anti-economics economists , through their advocacy of the market , are merely buttressing a ( bad ) social order .
Whereas to Right anti-economists , economists are the " wretched procurers of sedition " , to radical anti-economists they were the " apostles of the rich " .
Both Right and Left anti-economics can be easily traced by the historian of thought to the French Revolution .
But whereas to the Right , economics was partly culpable for the advent of the Revolution , to the Left , economists were especially culpable for its incompletion .
The post -Revolutionary Left was frustrated at the failure of a new world to materialise in 1793 , and in that frustration they conceived the notion that the old feudal order had been destroyed only to be replaced by new order ; a new order based on wealth .
Such sentiments were first articulated with any effect by the Saint - Simonians in the 1820s .
But it was Marx who supplied the classic articulation of it .
To Marx the same binary social order of producer and parasite endured through all ages .
Thus to Marx the end of the ancien r�gime was just a change of parasite .
Feudal property became bourgeois property , without any substantive difference .
What is the difference between owning the rights to mill in the locality ( feudal monopoly ) , and owning all the mills in the locality ( bourgeois monopoly ) ?
The identification of political economy with this new rule of capital also found its intellectual and rhetorical culmination in Marx .
This identification was an application of his sociology of belief .
According to Marx , the development of reality [ ' history ' ] was at critical points favourable in a material sense to society 's subordinate group - sending them ' up ' and ' in ' - and unfavourable to the superior group .
At this critical point the subordinate group have an interest in the recognition of reality , while the superior group have an interest in hiding it .
The construction camouflage , distortions , illusions , idols is ordained by the superior group .
In applying his theory of belief to economics Marx contended that from 1830 the newly established superior group ( capital ) was threatened by the insurgent subordinate group ( labour ) .
And it was political economist that served as the priests of the idols of capitalism .
Of political economy Marx said that from 1830 [ Marx , Capital , 1887 ] :
it was thenceforth no longer a question , whether this theorem or that was true , but whether it was useful to capital or harmful , expedient or inexpedient , politically dangerous or not .
In place of disinterested inquirers ; in place of genuine scientific research , the bad conscience and the evil of apologetic .
This remains the standard , defamatory , Marxist categorisation of economics .
The Marxist sociology of belief underlying this defamation is open to several criticisms : ' history ' ( ie the trends in material reality ) may favour all groups , or none at all ; the recognition of reality best serves no group 's interest , since every group will always be better served by some illusion , ( and so no group is purely ' on the side of truth ' ) ; and that the better perception of reality may better serve all groups than prevailing perceptions ( and so all groups may be on the side of truth against the alternative ) .
Historical particulars also tell against political economy being the ' mere sycophancy of the ruling classes ' .
Contrary to myth , the political economists did not , in general , oppose the Factory Acts for adults .
They did not apologise for certain other blights of the Industrial revolution , such as poverty or child labour .
Political economists did not consider child labour a " potent " means of transforming society .
They did not believe its prohibition " inconsistent with large scale industry " ; or its prohibition " reactionary " .
The view that its prohibition was " reactionary " was the view of Karl Marx [ Marx , Critique of the Gotha Program , 1877 ] :
A general prohibition of child labour is incompatible with the existence of large scale - industry and hence an empty - pious wish .
Its realisation - if it were possible � would be reactionary , since , �an early combination of productive labour with education is one of the most potent means of transforming present day society .
With views like this on the Left , perhaps it is not surprising that political economy was often - times well received by working class interests .
E.P. Thompson once described the Wealth of Nations and the Rights of Man as two " handbooks " of working class radicals in the first decades of the 19th century .
Other historians of " the rise of the working class " have proposed a category of " Smithian socialists " , and have recorded the approving interest of the Trade Union press in Adam Smith in mid-Victorian England ; " Adam Smith and Bentham were looked upon with gratitude " .
Conversely , some persons who expressly sought economic doctrines favourable to property found classical economics singularly disappointing for this purpose , and adopted an anti-economist posture as a consequence .
George Poullet Scrope ( 1797 - 1876 ) , the parvenu lord of the Manor House of Castle Combe , is a case in point .
He asked [ Scrope , Political Economy for Plain People , 1873 ] :
What lessons were they [ ie ' the many ' ] likely to imbibe from the current doctrines of Political Economy ?
Were these lessons fitted to reconcile them to the hardships of a condition of almost ceaseless toil for , in many cases , but a meagre subsistence ; and this in a country overflowing with wealth enjoyed in idleness by some at the expense ( as it might first appear to them ) of the labour of others ?
On the examination of the works of the most noted economists of the day , � I could not discover in them any answer likely to satisfy the mind of a half - educated man of plain common sense and honesty of the great disparity of fortunes and circumstances that strike the eye on every side .
Scrope answers his question with regret :
To rebut this " mischievous " political economy , Scrope advanced his own economic theory in which he proved to his satisfaction that any material misery that a man may endure " can only be occasioned by their own wilful default " .
The Left misfired in its attempt to paint economists as propagandists for capital , because it did n't understand capitalism , or economists .
The basic error is that the Left identifies capitalism with capital .
To the economist the critical feature of capitalism is the free market .
It is the free market that economists champion .
And , contrary to Marxist mythology , a free - market is not some sort of capitalist bliss point .
It is , in fact , a point where no capitalist wants to be , if they could help it .
Consider various policies that would be part of realising a free market :
Abolition of a wage minimum .
This may be improving for capital , but it is never optimal for any capital interest : the capitalist would always prefer a legislated wage maximum to drive wages down below the free - market level .
Free immigration .
This is never optimal to any capital interest : they would prefer immigration subsidised , and emigration taxed ( or prohibited ) .
Abolition of a rent maximum .
This is never optimal to a landowner : what landlords ' want is a rent subsidy , and restrictions on entry into the supply of rental property .
Thus in wanting market friendly policy , the economist is not nearly as business friendly as business would want .
Economics does not make a little god of capital to be doted on and sacrificed to .
It rejects " investment concessions " to business , as such tax concessions wastefully overcapitalise industry , and wastefully over - tax other factors .
It has never favoured privileged tax treatment for capital income .
The taxation of capital gains , that constitute an important part of capital income , is a case in point .
A survey recorded 95 percent of delegates to the Republican Party convention in 1992 favoured lowering capital gains tax .
But only 21 percent of US economists favoured reducing capital gains tax .
Economics , then , is not the party of wealth .
It has never adopted that " negative - exposure " of Marxism , that extols capital , or " business " , as the source of all value , and dismisses labour as its parasite .
It has never extolled this factor , or that factor , or any factor , as the source of wealth .
It holds that the great producer of wealth is the free - market .
Dr William Coleman is Senior Lecturer in Economics at the Australian National University and the author of Economics and its Enemies : Two Centuries of Anti-Economics , ( Palgrave Macmillan , 2002 ) .
Newly disclosed classified documents show Taoiseach Charles Haughey and British Prime Minister Margaret
Thatcher were offered the chance to forge a very unusual cosmic alliance .
But , instead of coming from an EU partner or an Asian power , the request came from “ a secret envoy of the Cosmos Supreme Civilization Circle ” .
Hitherto secret papers released by the UK’s Ministry of Defence ( MoD ) show the two premiers were contacted with some urgency about a prospective attack by a UFO .
Bizarre it may well sound , but both Kildare Street and Number 10 saw fit to acknowledge the incident with the UK government ordering the MoD to assess whether there was any action would be needed in the event .
The letter , which originated in Seoul , South Korea from an un-named author , urges support and help in the face of the threat of imminent attack on the earth .
“ I am all anxiety a nobody know about riskiness of UFO attack to air defence of the earth and electric wave of the for kill and injury ” , was the somewhat unlettered demand for attention .
“ I want to discuss about space development of the your country .
I want to meet to you .
I demand to mighty support and help . ”
Earthlings should subsequently be put under the control of the Cosmos Supreme Civilization Circle and the protection , presumably , of the “ Robot ’s Army ” .
After the urgent letter hit Downing Street , it was forwarded to the MoD for “ official action ” according to a memo .
“ No 10 have passed it to us for action as we see fit and you are asked to consider whether there is anything which can usefully be said to the correspondent and to action accordingly , ” said the rubber - stamped note .
The Department of the Taoiseach , in a reply to the author thanked him for his recent letter and said it would be brought to the attention of the Taoiseach “ as soon as possible ” .
Betty Meyler of UFO
Ireland said she is not surprised by the letter and insists that discussions have taken place between different countries and aliens in the past .
“ I ’ve never heard of a letter being sent to governments before , ” she said .
“ But we do know that there have been meetings with the intergalactic governments and the governments of Russia , the United States and Britain .
This does n’t surprise me at all . ”
Belfast Telegraph
Do n't Tell Your Kids
Most parents have difficulty deciding how much of the “ bad stuff ” ( war , death , etc. ) they should tell their kids about , or when they ’re old enough to hear it .
New research from Ulrike Malmendier of the University of California and Stefan Nagel of Stanford identifies another kid-sensitive subject parents might want to avoid for a while : the financial crisis .
According to this Economist article on their research , Nagel and Malmendier found that “ people ’s eventual appetite for risk is affected by the economic environment during their childhood , well before financial matters could possibly have been of interest . ”
In short , what you tell your kids about the current financial crisis — or what they discover on their own — could affect what financial choices they make throughout their lives .
But grown - ups are n’t immune either .
The study found , for instance , that “ people who had experienced lower stock - market returns over the course of their lives put a smaller fraction of their money into stocks than people who had lived , on average , in times when stocks had done better , ” reports the Economist .
And so , to readers of this blog with children : have you discussed the financial crisis with them , and if so , how did they respond ?
Sony has put the kibosh on Sony Ericsson 's plans to release a PlayStation - branded phone , according to a recent report .
UK magazine Mobile said Thursday that Sony Ericsson presented Sony 's board with a pitch for a PlayStation phone late in 2008 , which Sony rejected .
Mobile says that the decision has led to a " fallout " between the two companies .
( Sony Ericsson is a joint venture between Sony and Swedish communications company Ericsson . )
A Sony Ericsson spokeswoman said that she would not comment on the report , and then proceeded to comment on it : " In the past , we have been keen that our product proposition lives up to brand promise , and we feel at the moment the technical specs are not high enough to put such a prestigious brand on a phone . "
Sony has already allowed the company to use its Walkman ( right ) , Bravia , and Cyber - shot brands on its phones .
A PlayStation - branded phone has been rumored for years .
Perhaps
Sony is waiting for the technical capabilities of the phones to improve – or for the prestige of the PlayStation brand to drop .
Image : Sony Ericsson
Sony Ericsson refused PlayStation brand by Sony [ Mobile , via Kotaku ]
See Also :- Sony Ericsson : Playstation Phone Coming For Christmas
Bush Administration Urges Admission of Teen ’s Tortured Confession
Created : January 13 , 2009 07:01 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
The Bush administration is set to argue to the military commissions appeals court in Washington Tuesday that a confession obtained from a teenager under torture in Afghanistan should still be admissible against him at his trial .
Mohammad Jawad was picked up in Afghanistan six years ago for allegedly throwing a grenade at an American convoy and is now imprisoned at Guantanamo Bay .
In November , a U.S. military judge presiding over the military commission at Guantanamo Bay had excluded evidence from being heard because he determined that the boy had only confessed after Afghan police had threatened to kill him and his entire family if he did n’t .
Any subsequent confessions made by the 17 - year - old during his interrogation by U.S. authorities — which according to his military lawyer involved him being hooded , handcuffed , blindfolded , strip - searched , sleep - deprived , yelled at and possibly drugged — were inherently unreliable and the product of torture , the judge concluded .
Among the evidence that the judge considered was the following statement from Jawad :
When I got to the place the Americans took me , I was very scared .
During the interrogation , I was trembling and very cold .
At one point , while the hood was covering my face , they put a bottle of water in my hand and told me to hold on tight to it with both hands .
I did not know that it was a water bottle at the time .
In my mind , I thought that it was a bomb and might explode …
I was so scared by the experience at the Afghan police station and by my experience with the Americans at the place they took me after the police station , that I had nightmares for several days after I got to Bagram prison .
Still , the government plans to argue that the Military Commissions
Act allows the admission of such a confession even if it was initially obtained under torture , as long as it ’s obtained again separately – in this case , under a brutal interrogation .
That Jawad was only a teenager at the time and he initially denied any involvement in the attack to Afghan and American authorities does not make his confession less reliable , according to the government .
Of about two dozen Guantanamo prisoners facing military commission charges , at least two were teenagers when they were detained by U.S. authorities , according to Human Rights First .
The arguments are scheduled to be heard on Tuesday morning in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit .
Yesterday , five human rights groups sent President - elect Barack Obama a letter urging him to stop the prosecutions of child detainees .
Vi and Vim Macro Tutorial : How To Record and Play
Using Vim Macro feature you can record and play a sequence of actions inside the editor .
This article explains how to perform record and play inside Vi and Vim editor using two detailed examples .
High Level Steps to Record and Play inside Vim
Start recording by pressing q , followed by a lower case character to name the macro Perform any typical editing , actions inside Vim editor , which will be recorded Stop recording by pressing q
Play the recorded macro by pressing @ followed by the macro name
To repeat macros multiple times , press : NN @ macro name .
NN is a number
Example 1 : Sequence number generation inside a file using Vim Macro
1. Start a sequence - test. txt file to generate the sequence .
$ vim sequence - test.txt
2 . Go to insert mode and type “ 1 . ” as shown below
Type : Esc i followed by 1 .
$ vim sequence - test. txt 1 .
3. Start the Recording and store it in register a .
Type : Esc q followed by a
q indicates to start the recording
a indicates to store the recordings in register a
When you do q a , it will display “ recording ” at the bottom of the vi .
4 . Copy the 1st line to 2nd line to have two lines with 1 . as shown below
Type : Esc yy followed by p
yy will copy the current line
p will paste the line that was just copied
$ vim sequence - test. txt 1 . 1 .
Note : Vim will still show recording at the bottom as shown below .
Fig : Vim showing recording message at the bottom :
Vim showing recording message at the bottom
5. Increment the number .
Type : Control a
By placing the cursor at the 2nd line , press Ctrl+a which increment the number to 2 . as shown below .
$ vim sequence - test. txt 1 . 2 .
Note : vim will still show recording at the bottom .
6 . Stop the recording
Type : q
Press q to stop the recording .
You ’ll notice that recording message at the bottom of the vim is now gone .
7. Repeat the recording 98 times .
Type : 98@a
Now repeat this job , by typing 98 @ a
@a repeats the macro “ a ” one time .
98 @a repeats the macros “ a ” 98 times generating the sequence number 1 – 100 as shown below using macros .
Fig : Generate Sequence Number in Vim using Macro : Generate Sequence Number in Vim using Macro
Example 2 : Repeat Vim Macro with different arguments
This example explains how you can executing the same command , with different input for it .
i.e
Framing the same command , with different arguments .
Before Executing the Macro : change-password.sql
$ vim change - password.sql Annette Warren Anthony Preston Kelly Taylor Stiller Dennis Schwartz
After Recording and executing the Macro : change-password.sql
$ vim change - password.sql ALTER USER Annette IDENTIFIED BY ' Annette ' ; ALTER USER Warren IDENTIFIED BY ' Warren ' ; ALTER USER Anthony IDENTIFIED BY ' Anthony '; ALTER USER Preston IDENTIFIED BY ' Preston ' ; ALTER USER Kelly IDENTIFIED BY ' Kelly '; ALTER USER Taylor IDENTIFIED BY ' Taylor ' ; ALTER USER Stiller IDENTIFIED BY ' Stiller ' ; ALTER USER Dennis IDENTIFIED BY ' Dennis ' ; ALTER USER Schwart IDENTIFIED BY ' Schwart ' ;
1 . Open the change - password.sql that has only the names .
$ vim change - password.sql Annette Warren Anthony Preston Kelly Taylor Stiller Dennis Schwartz
2. Start the Recording and store it in register a
Type : q a
q indicates to start the recording
a indicates to store the recordings in register a
When you do q a , it will display the message recording at the bottom of the vi .
3. Go to Insert Mode and Type ALTER USER
Type : I ( Upper case i ) followed by “ ALTER USER ”
Place the cursor anywhere in the first line , and then press I .
Which will take you to the first character of the line .
Type ALTER USER
4. Copy the Next Word ( i.e the name )
Type : Esc w yw
Press Esc , and then press w to go to the next word ( name ) .
yw , copies the current word ( name ) .
5.Go to the end and type IDENTIFIED BY ‘
Type : Esc A followed by ” IDENTIFIED BY ‘”
Press Esc , and A to move the cursor to the end of the line , and then type space .
Type IDENTIFIED BY ‘
6 . Paste the copied Name
Type : Esc p
Press Esc , and then type p to paste the name that was copied in the step # 4 .
7. Complete the quote at the end .
Type : Esc A followed by ‘;
Press Esc , and A to go to the end of the line , and ‘;
8. Jump to the next line and stop the record .
Type : Esc j followed by q
j to move to the next line .
q to stop the recording
Note :
The recording message shown in the bottom of the vi will now disappear .
At this stage , the change - password.sql will look like the following .
Fig : Vim Macro completed the recording : Vim Macro completed the recording
9 . Repete the Macro with the arguments in the corresponding line
Type : 8 @ a
Now repeat this job 8 times by typing 8@a
@a repeats the macro “ a ” one time .
8 @a repeats the macros “ a ” 8 times completing the rest of the line automatically as shown below
Fig : Vim Macro Play completed : Vim Macro Play completed
Recommended Reading
Vim 101 Hacks , by Ramesh Natarajan .
I ’m a command - line junkie .
So , naturally I ’m a huge fan of Vi and Vim editors .
Several years back , when I wrote lot of C code on Linux , I used to read all available Vim editor tips and tricks .
Based on my Vim editor experience , I ’ve written Vim 101 Hacks eBook that contains 101 practical examples on various advanced Vim features that will make you fast and productive in the Vim editor .
Even if you ’ve been using Vi and Vim Editors for several years and have not read this book , please do yourself a favor and read this book .
You ’ll be amazed with the capabilities of Vim editor .
Awesome Vim Editor Articles
Following are few awesome Vi / Vim editor tutorials that you might find helpful .
Note : Please subscribe to The Geek Stuff and do n’t miss any future Vi and Vim editor tips and tricks .
If you enjoyed this article , you might also like ..
And a number of great candidates that many of you are familiar with -- Joe Garcia , Annette Taddeo , Doug Tudor -- lost .
One of the key reasons for these losses , from what I can tell , is the incessant infighting in the state party .
There is still significant stranglehold on many local parties by the good old boy network and there are factions in the state party who are constantly undercutting other Dems both in the party and electorally .
Ken Quinnell is running for a Florida State Committee position .
Many of us feel like we know him , not because we 've gone down to Florida to meet Ken but because we read his blog , the Florida Progressive Coalition blog .
But he was endorsed by an old friend and colleague of mine , Andrew Gillum , a Tallahassee City Commissioner and one of the leaders of People For the American Way 's Young Elected Officials .
Aside from being a blogger and activist , Ken is a political science professor , a poet , a fiction writer , a husband and a dad ( 3 young sons ) .
And he lives in a state with one of the most dysfunctional local Democratic parties anywhere .
He means to do something about it .
Although Obama won in Florida ( 4,143,957 to 3,939,380 ) , Ken was disappointed because he -- like many of us -- felt Democrats could have had a far better election day .
If you count defeated ex-Republican Tim Mahoney as a Democrat , there was only one net congressional pickup ( with Suzanne Kosmas and Alan Grayson both ousting GOP incumbents ) , and there was just one net gain in the state legislature .
Ken is running for state committee man in the hope of changing some of this .
He 's running , in part , on a platform that stresses his experience with blogging , BlogTalkRadio and other Netroots groups and tools .
His opponent will be familiar to those of you who paid attention to the primary mess in Florida -- Jon Ausman .
Many in Florida politics think Ausman 's a symbol of all that is wrong with the party .
He is constantly involved in undercutting other party members to further his own agenda and if you watched his presentation to the DNC , you could tell that he 's much more about promoting Jon Ausman than he is about moving America or Florida forward .
He 's still suing the DNC over the primary and he endorsed Hillary ClintonBarack Obama won the nomination in the name of " unity . "
It will be a tough race , but Ken is picking up some pretty big endorsements from local elected officials that give him a legitimate shot .
And he 's been very busy ; he 's the president and founder of the Florida Democratic Party Netroots Coalition , the adviser to the Tallahassee Community College Democrats , president of the Leon County Young Democrats , a Leon County Democratic Party Precinct Committeeman and the chairman of the Leon Democratic Party Rapid Response Committee -- above and beyond being a blogger and online activist since 1998 .
The election is Monday and Ken will be joining us for a discussion this afternoon at 2 pm ( EST ) at Firedoglake
Labels : Blue America , Florida , Ken Quinnell
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) -- Accused Ponzi schemer Bernard Madoff was not the first person in his close - knit family to run afoul of federal authorities .
A broker - dealer firm registered in the name of Madoff 's mother , Sylvia , was effectively forced to close by the U.S. Securities & Exchange Commission more than 40 years ago .
In August 1963 , the SEC announced it was " instituting proceedings ... to determine whether " 48 broker - dealers , including " Sylvia R. Madoff [ doing business as ] Gibraltar Securities , " had " failed to file reports of their financial condition ... and if so , whether their registrations should be revoked . "
An SEC litigation release a month later announced hearings in the case of Madoff and many of the other firms in question .
Then , in January 1964 , the SEC dismissed administrative proceedings against a number of the firms , including Madoff's , in what appeared to be a deal :
No penalties if you promise to stay out of business .
" The firms conceded the violation , " the SEC 's litigation release noted , " but requested withdrawal of their registrations ; and in this connection they represented that they are no longer engaged in the securities business and do not owe any cash or securities to customers .
The Commission concluded that the public interest would be served by permitting withdrawal , and discontinued its proceedings . "
Despite Sylvia Madoff's SEC registration as a broker - dealer , three high school classmates of Bernard Madoff say they do n't recall her being a stockbroker ( something that would have been unusual , and memorable , in that era - not to mention theoretically easy to spot given that the firm 's address was the Madoff family home in the Laurelton neighborhood of Queens , N.Y. ) .
But a fourth high - school classmate of Bernard Madoff , Ed Heiberger , says he recalls that it was Madoff 's father , Ralph , who " was either a stockbroker or a customer 's man " ( the latter is the equivalent of a client or account representative ) .
Both Sylvia and Ralph Madoff died in the 1970s , according to Social Security records .
This would n't be the first Madoff mystery , of course .
It 's possible that Sylvia Madoff was running a securities business even as her son launched his own in 1960 .
Another possible explanation is suggested by property records for the Madoff 's house .
The " grantor / mortgagor " was listed as Sylvia R. Madoff , according to Queens property records .
But the property had tax liens totaling $ 13,245.28 ( about $ 100,000 in today 's dollars ) for unpaid federal taxes owed by Ralph Z. Madoff and three other people .
The taxes were assessed in 1956 , but the lien was not paid off until 1965 , when the house was sold , suggesting that the Madoffs were either fighting the tax bill or unable to pay it .
Is it possible that Ralph Madoff , burdened with federal tax trouble , contrived to register his own stock business in his wife 's name ?
The records are lacking so far , and Andrew Grass , who was the chief enforcement attorney for the SEC's New York office at the time , says he can't remember the case .
Bernard Madoff 's lawyer , Ira Sorkin , declined to comment .
His brother Peter Madoff 's lawyer , John " Rusty " Wing , did not respond to phone calls and questions emailed to him .
But it adds yet another intriguing question in the case of a man who becomes seemingly more and more elusive .
OMA Planning North Sea " Energy Super Ring " of Wind Farms
January 15th , 2009 by Ariel Schwartz
Rem Koolhaas ’
Office for Metropolitan Architecture announced a plan earlier this week to build a massive offshore wind farm in the North Sea .
If completed , the ring of wind parks could generate 13,400 TWh of energy and help lead to European energy independence by 2050 .
OMA ’s Zeekracht ( sea power ) master plan describes an “ energy super ring ” around the Netherlands that connects windmills in seven adjacent countries .
The center of the ring will feature an international institute for renewable energy .
Since large scale fishing is impossible near wind parks , fish and sea life will be guaranteed shelter in what is essentially a vast nature reserve .
At this point , OMA ’s plan is just that : a plan .
The idea of building turbines far from the coast is one that has not been fully explored , so Zeekracht still has a long way to go before becoming a reality .
But massive plans are necessary for massive goals , and support from the Netherlands ’ Society for Nature and Environment as well as surrounding countries gives Zeekracht plenty of credibility .
Photo Credit : Zeekracht
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
Amy Winehouse says she does n't need drugs any more because of her young new lover - but her claims have n't gone well with her estranged husband , who now wants a divorce !
The controversial English singer has been cavorting around the Caribbean on an extended holiday with 21 - year - old Josh Bowman , and appears to have angered Blake Fielder - Civil .
But Amy , who spoke to the ' News of the World ' in St. Lucia , had nothing but praise for her posh new man : “ Blake looks like me , a right mess .
But Josh is all handsome and clean and that ’s what I love about him . "
And it seems
Amy has swapped drugs for love : “ When I ’m with Josh I do n’t need drugs to feel good because he makes me feel so amazing .
Home is hell for me .
I ’ve escaped from it .
There are drugs everywhere . ”
The troubled star seems to finally be making steps in the right direction .
Amy Winehouse seems to be over her relationship with Fielder - Civil : “ Blake was rubbish in bed .
Do you know what ?
Almost every time I slept with him it was like I was dead .
" Our whole marriage was based on doing drugs .
So being with someone like Josh is much better for me . ”
And it seems that the singer knew she was in trouble , and finally decided to do something about it : " Before I came out here I looked at a photo of myself in the newspaper and was horrified .
" My skin was a spotty mess and I was so pale and skinny .
I thought to myself , ‘ Girl , you got to sort yourself out or you ’ll be dead soon . ’
“ I was depressed , doing drugs and had no life in me at all .
Coming here has changed everything .
We ’re having a great time together along with all Josh ’s family and friends and I just do n’t want the holiday to end .
“ Home is hell for me .
I ’ve escaped from it .
There are drugs everywhere .
I ca n’t do anything without everyone thinking I ’m off my head on drugs , although half the time they were right , I WAS .
" But here I feel so calm and peaceful and for the first time I can definitely say I AM off the drugs .
I have n’t touched anything since I arrived and I feel the best I have in years . ”
Blake has reacted to Amy 's comments by initiating a divorce , according to the ' Daily Mail ' - on the grounds of adultery !
But Amy Winehouse was left devastated as Josh ( 21 ) flew back to England from the Caribbean yesterday .
And to add to her misery , a close friend of Josh has denied that there is any romance between the couple .
Amy 's father Mitch ( 57 ) has flown out to comfort the fragile star .
Update : Amy Winehouse now seems to have got over her holiday romance with Josh Bowman and is on the lookout for new men - although she claims she still loves husband Blake .
The man was suspended for several minutes .
Photo : Marty Odom / Eyevine
Enlarge Image
A skier was left dangling from a chairlift at an American resort after he became stuck upside - down with his ski trousers round his ankles .
Photos show the man naked from his waist to his knees , swinging from one leg , and still wearing both skis .
He became entangled shortly after boarding the Skyline Express lift .
The lift was stopped and reversed about 12ft ( 3.6 m ) before he was freed by the Vail Ski Patrol , Vail Resort said in a statement about the 1 January incident .
The resort operator said the 48 - year - old man was suspended for about seven minutes , but was uninjured .
Victoria 's answer to the London Eye was billed as a key attraction of the revamped Harbour Town precinct on the outskirts of Melbourne 's CBD , with the American supermarket CostCo to open in July and the National Ice Sports Centre scheduled to be completed in early 2010 .
However , engineers flown in from Japan to inspect the Wheel have reported back to owners ING Real Estate that it might not be safe to spin again until August .
Sections of the Wheel were designed by the Osaka - based Neisho Corporation .
A spokeswoman for ING Real Estate and operators Southern Star Management Group declined to comment on the extended delays , but did confirm that engineers from Australia and Japan were working to identify the most appropriate solution .
It is expected that any repairs done on the Wheel would be covered under the manufacturer 's warranty .
The state secretary of the CFMEU 's structural division , Bill Oliver , has said that his members had told him there were at least 12 to 14 cracks in a section of the wheel .
Please visit Duelz.com on your mobile device for the best experience !
Besuche Duelz.com von Deinem Mobilgerät aus für die beste Benutzererfahrung .
Vänligen besök Duelz.com från din mobil för bästa upplevelse .
Vennligst besøk Duelz.com fra mobilen din for å få den beste opplevelsen .
Please visit Duelz.com on your mobile device for the best experience !
Arrest ... or assault ?
Judge 's disgust after soldier is held down and hit EIGHT times
A judge has condemned an apparent police assault on a soldier who served in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Lance Corporal Mark Aspinall , 24 , was thrown to the ground by three uniformed officers after a night out with friends and punched eight times .
The violent arrest - caught on CCTV - shocked a crown court judge , who called it appalling .
Officers responding to reports of trouble move in on Lance Corporal Mark Aspinall
But astonishingly , Lance Corporal Aspinall was himself hauled before the courts and convicted of assaulting the police .
He was sentenced to 200 hours ' community service and even ordered to pay compensation to the officers .
His ordeal ended only when Judge John Phipps watched the damning CCTV footage and quashed the verdict on appeal .
The soldier lies pinned on the ground , with his head pressed to the road
Judge Phipps said : ' I am shocked and appalled at the level of police violence shown here . '
Last night , Mr Aspinall - who served for seven years in the Royal Electrical and Mechanical Engineers - said : ' I was scared for my life .
I remember thinking , " I 'm going to die here .
I can't believe I 've survived Afghanistan and Iraq and now I 'm going to die on this main road in my home town at the hands of the police " .
' Yet I was the one who ended up in the dock , not the officers . '
One of the officers , his arm circled , rains punches down on the helpless man
Mr Aspinall had been drinking with friends in Wigan on Sunday July 27 .
He left the town 's Walkabout bar at 2.40 am .
Police officers had been called to the town centre to deal with a man reportedly causing a nuisance to paramedics .
But when a special constable and two colleagues saw Mr Aspinall in the road they presumed he was the cause of the trouble .
In the footage , the soldier can be seen 10ft from them in the middle of the road as they stand on the pavement .
Suddenly , the officers move across the road towards him and , startled , Mr Aspinall falls over .
As he gets to his feet one officer rugby tackles him , while the other two help pin him to the ground and attempt to handcuff him .
Injuries : A beaten and bruised Mark Aspinall after the attack
The footage appears to show one of the officers - Special Constable Peter Lightfoot , 39 - raining punches into the back of the defenceless man as he lies on the ground .
Eight blows are struck in just a few seconds and the police officer stops only when a car drives past slowly .
Eventually , Mr Aspinall was bundled into a police van in handcuffs , with injuries to his face and neck .
He was taken to Wigan police station and kept in custody for 20 hours .
He was charged with two counts of police assault and a public order offence .
On September 22 , at Wigan magistrates ' court , the officers read statements claiming Mr Aspinall had been behaving violently .
Despite viewing the footage , magistrates found him guilty of the assaults , sentenced him to community service and gave him a suspended - prison sentence .
They also ordered him to pay £ 250 compensation .
Mr Aspinall , who returned from Afghanistan in February and was working his notice in the Army at the time of attack , said : ' I was drunk , I 'll admit that , but I was n't causing trouble .
Mr Aspinall
' It was awful .
I had come back from fighting in Afghanistan and now , on community service , I was painting a school as a convict , standing next to men who were drug dealers and robbers . '
He lodged an appeal against the conviction and on November 13 at Liverpool Crown Court , Judge Phipps saw the footage and asked : ' Where is this man of violence ?
I am shocked and appalled at the level of police violence shown here . '
The judge said he had ' great concerns ' about the CCTV footage and questioned the truthfulness of the officers ' statements .
' I would go as far as to say the statements contain untruths , ' he added .
A spokesman for Greater Manchester Police said the matter had been referred to the Independent Police Complaints Commission .
One officer has had his duties restricted and another two are being investigated .
See the full CCTV footage here
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd says Australia will cut its greenhouse gas emissions by 5 per cent of 2000 levels by 2020 , but could make a cut of up to 15 per cent if other countries also sign up to stronger reductions .
The Federal Government has also promised around $ 6 billion a year in compensation and a 2.5 per cent rise in pension rates to help households cope with expected price rises when the carbon pollution reduction scheme begins in July 2010 .
It is estimated there will be a one - off rise in inflation of 1.1 per cent with the introduction of the scheme , and growth will slow by just 0.1 per cent a year to 2050 .
The details of how the scheme will work and its expected cost to homes and businesses has been outlined in the Government 's white paper released today .
The paper says by 2020 Australia will cut its emissions by 5 per cent of 2000 levels even if no progress has been made to finalise the next international agreement to reduce global emissions .
" Climate change is an inconvenient truth and a truth that we can no longer conveniently ignore , " Mr Rudd said at the National Press Club .
" No responsible leadership anywhere in the world can ignore the elephant in the room , an elephant of this proportion . "
The 5 per cent cut is likely to anger the Greens and environmental groups who have been calling for a much stronger mid-term cut in emissions .
But it is closer to the level some business and industry groups were lobbying for .
The Government has left the door open to cut Australia 's emissions by up to 15 per cent if other major economies also agree to significantly reduce emissions and advanced economies take similar action on cuts .
It has also reaffirmed its commitment to cut emissions levels by 60 per cent of 2000 levels by 2050 .
Mr Rudd says the targets are appropriate and responsible .
" They deliver necessary reform to tackle the long - term challenge of climate change , while supporting our economy and securing jobs during this global recession . " he said .
" This is a substantial commitment and we will require to us to turn around current trends , which if there is no policy change have Australian emissions growing by around 20 per cent between 2000 and 2020 . "
The Government says it also agrees with its climate change adviser Ross Garnaut 's recommendation that a 25 per cent cut in emissions is in the national interest but that international agreement on a larger cut at international talks next year is unlikely .
" Australia 's commitment of a 5 - 15 per cent reduction by 2020 is a serious and credible commitment to the global action required and is realistically attainable in the current circumstances , " the white paper says .
Household compensation
The Government says around $ 6 billion a year will be provided through various measures to compensate families for price rises and estimates around 90 per cent of low income households will receive assistance of 120 per cent of their increase in cost of living expenses .
Aged pensioners , seniors , carers and those with a disability would receive a 2.5 per cent increase in the rate of the pension once the scheme begins .
Low and middle income families would be eligible for a range of measures through increases in the low income tax offset , a 2.5 per cent increase of Family Tax Benefit Part A or Family Tax Benefit Part B .
The white paper estimates that with a carbon price of $ 25 per tonne , electricity is expected to increase by around $ 4 per week , with a rise in gas prices of around $ 2 .
" Our social justice imperative is to make sure that low income earners are not going to be penalised by this scheme , and when it comes to middle income earners ... that we are delivering reasonable help , substantial help for those who need it during the adjustment period , " Mr Rudd said .
Despite a large drop in petrol prices in recent months the Government will keep its cut in the fuel excise announced in the green paper on a cent - for - cent basis as the scheme causes a petrol prices rise .
Around $ 2.5 billion , as part of the Climate Change Action Fund , will also be allocated to help small businesses and community groups adapt to the scheme and lower emissions .
Trade exposed industries
The Government has increased the amount of free permits allocated in its green paper to those industries described as trade exposed because they face international competition and cannot pass the cost of a trading scheme onto consumers .
One threshold for eligibility has also been lowered , meaning more companies will be covered by the assistance .
The amount of free permits available to those industries - such as aluminium , cement , lime and silicone production - has been increased to 25 per cent , compared to 20 per cent flagged in the green paper .
That amount would rise to 35 per cent once agriculture is included in the scheme , which is not expected until at least 2015 .
Industries now also have the choice of being assessed for assistance via two different tests based on either revenue or the value it adds to the product in the manufacturing process .
If an industry produces over 2,000 tonnes of emissions per million dollars of revenue or 6,000 tonnes of emissions in the value it adds to a product it is eligible for 90 per cent of free permits .
If it produces over 1,000 tonnes of emissions per million dollars of revenue or 3,000 tonnes of emissions in the value it adds to a produce it is eligible for 60 per cent of free permits .
The Electricity Sector Adjustment Scheme will also provide $ 3.9 billion assistance to coal fired power generators over the next five years .
This needs to be eliminated immediately .
It ’s unacceptable to let banks pay shareholders dividends while they are being propped up on life support via taxpayer money .
The “ Treasury ” people ( hmmm , who could that be ? ) who are allowing this are trying the old spin , that if banks are unable to hand out dividends they would not participate in the plan to bail them out .
Ummm , huh ?
Let ’s review , yet again , who is in control here .
It ’s not the banks , it is the US government .
Why is there so much fear about having a come to Jesus with the banks ?
Critics , including economists and members of Congress , question why banks should get government money if they already have enough money to pay dividends — or conversely , why banks that need government money are still spending so much on dividends .
“ The whole purpose of the program is to increase lending and inject capital into Main Street .
If the money is used for dividends , it defeats the purpose of the program , ” said Sen. Charles E. Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) , who has called for the government to require a suspension of dividend payments .
The Treasury plans to invest up to $ 250 billion in a wide swath of U.S. banks in return for ownership stakes , which the government will relinquish when it is repaid .
Among other restrictions , participating institutions cannot increase dividend payments without government permission .
They also are barred from repurchasing stock , which increases the value of outstanding shares .
The 33 banks signed up so far plan to pay shareholders about $ 7 billion this quarter .
Companies generally try to pay consistent dividends and , at the present pace , those dividends will consume 52 percent of the Treasury ’s investment over the initial three - year term .
Ever wondered just how old some of the domain on the web are ?
No .. well too bad because here ’s a list of them for you to peruse in case you happen to be really bored on a Friday night
Rank Create date Domain name
1. 15 - Mar-1985 SYMBOLICS.COM
2. 24 - Apr-1985 BBN.COM
3. 24 - May -1985 THINK .COM
4. 11- Jul -1985 MCC.COM
5. 30 - Sep-1985 DEC.COM
6. 07 - Nov-1985 NORTHROP.COM
7. 09 - Jan-1986 XEROX.COM
8. 17 - Jan-1986 SRI.COM
9. 03 - Mar-1986 HP.COM
10 . 05 - Mar-1986 BELLCORE.COM
11 . 19 - Mar-1986 IBM.COM
12 . 19 - Mar-1986 SUN.COM
13 . 25 - Mar-1986 INTEL.COM
14 . 25 - Mar-1986 TI.COM
15 . 25 - Apr-1986 ATT.COM
16 . 08 - May -1986 GMR.COM
17 . 08 - May -1986 TEK.COM
18 . 10 - Jul - 1986 FMC.COM
19 . 10 - Jul - 1986 UB.COM
20 . 05 - Aug-1986 BELL -ATL.COM
21 . 05 - Aug-1986 GE.COM
22 . 05 - Aug-1986 GREBYN.COM
23 . 05 - Aug-1986 ISC.COM
24 . 05 - Aug-1986 NSC.COM
25 . 05 - Aug-1986 STARGATE.COM
26 . 02-Sep-1986 BOEING.COM
27 . 18 - Sep-1986 ITCORP.COM
28 . 29 - Sep-1986 SIEMENS.COM
29 . 18 - Oct-1986 PYRAMID.COM
30 . 27 - Oct-1986 ALPHACDC.COM
31 . 27 - Oct-1986 BDM.COM
32 . 27 - Oct-1986 FLUKE.COM
33 . 27 - Oct-1986 INMET.COM
34 . 27 - Oct-1986 KESMAI.COM
35 . 27 - Oct-1986 MENTOR.COM
36 . 27 - Oct-1986 NEC.COM
37 . 27 - Oct-1986 RAY.COM
38 . 27 - Oct-1986 ROSEMOUNT.COM
39 . 27 - Oct-1986 VORTEX.COM
40 . 05 - Nov-1986 ALCOA.COM
41 . 05 - Nov-1986 GTE.COM
42 . 17 - Nov-1986 ADOBE.COM
43 . 17 - Nov-1986 AMD.COM
44 . 17 - Nov-1986 DAS.COM
45 . 17 - Nov-1986 DATA -IO.COM
46 . 17 - Nov-1986 OCTOPUS.COM
47 . 17 - Nov-1986 PORTAL.COM
48 . 17 - Nov-1986 TELTONE.COM
49 . 11 - Dec-1986 3COM.COM
50 . 11 - Dec-1986 AMDAHL.COM
Of course if you ’ve read this far and you ’re still bored there is the complete list of 100 of the oldest domains over here .
Do n’t say I do n’t do anything to help alleviate your boredom .
Updated 2009 -06-09 :
This post is for the Safari 4 beta and will not work with the new Safari 4 released yesterday at the WWDC keynote .
I ’ve had a look through that release and ca n’t see any way to revert the address bar , etc sorry .
Having a quick poke through the new Safari binary yields the following strings :
$ strings / Applications / Safari.app/Contents/MacOS/Safari | grep DebugSafari4 DebugSafari4TabBarIsOnTop
DebugSafari4IncludeToolbarRedesign DebugSafari4IncludeFancyURLCompletionList DebugSafari4IncludeGoogleSuggest DebugSafari4LoadProgressStyle DebugSafari4IncludeFlowViewInBookmarksView DebugSafari4TopSitesZoomToPageAnimationDimsSnapshot DebugSafari4IncludeTopSites
NB : Run these commands in Terminal.app and then you need to restart Safari for them to take effect .
DebugSafari4TabBarIsOnTop
This moves the tab bar back where you expect it to be :
$ defaults write com.apple .
Safari DebugSafari4TabBarIsOnTop - bool NO
DebugSafari4IncludeToolbarRedesign and DebugSafari4LoadProgressStyle
When both set to NO it restores the blue loading bar behind the URL .
Also puts a page loading spinner in the tab itself , which looks odd with the new tabs .
$ defaults write com.apple .
Safari DebugSafari4IncludeToolbarRedesign - bool NO $ defaults write com.apple .
Safari DebugSafari4LoadProgressStyle - bool NO
DebugSafari4IncludeFancyURLCompletionList
Switches off the new URL autocomplete menu and goes back to the original one .
$ defaults write com.apple .
Safari DebugSafari4IncludeFancyURLCompletionList - bool NO
DebugSafari4IncludeGoogleSuggest
Turns off the new Google suggest menu .
$ defaults write com.apple .
Safari DebugSafari4IncludeGoogleSuggest - bool NO
DebugSafari4IncludeFlowViewInBookmarksView
Removes CoverFlow from the Bookmarks view entirely .
( Credit to Erik )
$ defaults write com.apple .
Safari DebugSafari4IncludeFlowViewInBookmarksView - bool NO
DebugSafari4TopSitesZoomToPageAnimationDimsSnapshot
Disables the dimming when you click on a Top Site and it scales the screenshot up to fill the screen .
$ defaults write com.apple .
Safari DebugSafari4TopSitesZoomToPageAnimationDimsSnapshot - bool NO
DebugSafari4IncludeTopSites
Disables Top Sites feature completely .
$ defaults write com.apple .
Safari DebugSafari4IncludeTopSites - bool NO
Undoing changes
Just run the defaults command with the delete flag for the appropriate key you wish to delete .
$ defaults delete com.apple .
Safari < key >
NB : Do n’t include the - bool NO at the end , it just requires the key ( eg : “ DebugSafari4IncludeGoogleSuggest ” )
Jools points out in the comments how to reset the recent searches in the google search box .
Lowell ’s kindly created a Mac OS X application to edit these settings without using Terminal .
http://github.com/cocoastep/tweaky
Patric has kindly translated this post into Belorussian and posted it on his site .
Now we can view in a fresh light the suitability of the electric motor as a means of powering a car .
To put it bluntly , it 's brilliant .
I love internal combustion , but in a way I love it for its foibles – the noise , the way it communicates with me through the language of vibration , the challenge of driving around the peaks and troughs of its delivery .
By comparison , electric propulsion is serene .
It 's quiet , seamless and very refined because , as anyone who has ever looked under a Scalextric car will know , there is only one moving part in an electric motor and it merely goes round and round .
Reliable , too ; there are extractor fans in factories and restaurants whose motors have run uninterrupted for decades .
NASA Balloon Mission Tunes in to a Cosmic Radio Mystery
Francis Reddy
Goddard Space Flight Center
Listening to the early universe just got harder .
A team led by Alan Kogut of NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. , today announced the discovery of cosmic radio noise that booms six times louder than expected .
The finding comes from a balloon - borne instrument named ARCADE , which stands for the Absolute Radiometer for Cosmology , Astrophysics , and Diffuse Emission .
In July 2006 , the instrument launched from NASA 's Columbia Scientific Balloon Facility in Palestine , Texas , and flew to an altitude of 120,000 feet , where the atmosphere thins into the vacuum of space .
ARCADE 's mission was to search the sky for heat from the first generation of stars .
Instead , it found a cosmic puzzle .
" The universe really threw us a curve , " Kogut says .
" Instead of the faint signal we hoped to find , here was this booming noise six times louder than anyone had predicted . "
Detailed analysis ruled out an origin from primordial stars or from known radio sources , including gas in the outermost halo of our own galaxy .
The source of this cosmic radio background remains a mystery .
Many objects in the universe emit radio waves .
In 1931 , American physicist Karl Jansky first detected radio static from our own Milky Way galaxy .
Similar emission from other galaxies creates a background hiss of radio noise .
The problem , notes team member Dale Fixsen of the University of Maryland at College Park , is that there do n't appear to be enough radio galaxies to account for the signal ARCADE detected .
" You 'd have to pack them into the universe like sardines , " he says .
" There would n't be any space left between one galaxy and the next .
" The sought - for signal from the earliest stars remains hidden behind the newly detected cosmic radio background .
This noise complicates efforts to detect the very first stars , which are thought to have formed about 13 billion years ago -- not long , in cosmic terms , after the Big Bang .
Nevertheless , this cosmic static may provide important clues to the development of galaxies when the universe was less than half its present age .
Unlocking its origins should provide new insight into the development of radio sources in the early universe .
" This is what makes science so exciting , " says Michael Seiffert , a team member at NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
" You start out on a path to measure something -- in this case , the heat from the very first stars -- but run into something else entirely , something unexplained .
" Seiffert and Kogut announced the findings today at the 213th meeting of the American Astronomical Society in Long Beach , Calif .
Four papers describing ARCADE 's results have been submitted to The Astrophysical Journal .
ARCADE is the first instrument to measure the radio sky with enough precision to detect this mysterious signal .
To enhance the sensitivity of ARCADE 's radio receivers , they were immersed in more than 500 gallons of ultra-cold liquid helium .
The instrument 's operating temperature was just 2.7 degrees above absolute zero .
This is the same temperature as the cosmic microwave background ( CMB ) radiation , the remnant heat of the Big Bang that was itself discovered as cosmic radio noise in 1965 .
" If ARCADE is the same temperature as the microwave background , then the instrument ’s heat cannot contaminate the cosmic signal , " Kogut explains .
The NASA - funded project includes scientists and engineers from NASA 's Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Md. ; the Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena , Calif . ; the University of California at Santa Barbara ; the University of Maryland ; and Brazil 's National Institute for Space Research .
More than a dozen high school and undergraduate students participated in the payload 's development .
The balloon flight was conducted under the auspices of the Balloon Program Office at Wallops Flight Facility by the staff of the Columbia Scientific Balloon Facility .
Can you believe it ’s 2009 ?
2009 ?!
Where does the time go .
In addition to a variety of other New Year ’s traditions I did n’t participate in , I did not make any resolutions .
I ca n’t even remember the last time I made a New Year ’s resolution .
However , that did n’t stop me from making resolutions for a certain 10 celebrities . 🙂
Dave Matthews ( & Co. ) – I love you .
Like , I really do love you , man .
Your music has carried me through some of the darkest and happiest times of my life .
Remember back in 2007 when you launched that petition to the Secretary of Defense about the medical care of American soldiers and the difference between pre-existing personality disorders and the illnesses related to their jobs ?
You should totally do something like that again .
As if I could love you anymore .
See you in April !
Lindsay Lohan – I do think you ’re working to improve your personal life and I commend you for that .
In 2009 , maybe you should refrain from the public fighting with your family .
Your message to Britney was great , but you also dragged in your father ’s alleged secret child .
Really , that probably just added to your stress .
I would n’t dream of telling you to “ make up ” with your father – that ’s none of my business – but I will say that it ’s a lot less stressful to deal with certain areas of life when you do n’t have the burden of family discord to deal with .
Maybe a truce ?
Counseling ?
A more defined parting of the ways ?
Stephenie Meyer – I jumped on the Twilight bandwagon later than most folks ( this past Sunday , to be exact ) , so I just learned about the Midnight Sun leak and how it affected your frame of mind and creative drive .
I ’m so sorry .
In 2009 , I suggest working on those issues , finishing the book , and publishing it .
Not only because I am an insanely selfish reader and totally in love with Edward Cullen ( which , speaks volumes about my own state of mind , I ’m afraid ) , but because I genuinely do think it will bring you peace of mind .
Writing is therapeutic , as you well know . 🙂
Jim Carrey – I think one of your goals for 2009 should be to wrap up that writing you stated you ’d be doing about your experiences using tyrosine and hydroxytryptophan to manage depression .
I ’m extremely interested to see how it will read .
Amy Winehouse – I hear you ’re going to be in a Norway court soon over drug possession charges .
I do n’t know if you possessed drugs or not , Amy , but please consider accepting Shore Break Drug Rehab ’s invitation .
At the very least , it ’d give you a nice break from the limelight , would n’t it ?
A chance to clear your head ?
Heather Locklear – I do n’t know what ’s going on with your DUI arrest .
I hear the erratic driving stemmed from prescription medications for depression and anxiety .
Despite the fact that I ’m saddened taking medication for your mental health led to an arrest , I ’m happy you were open about the situation .
You told Jay Leno you ’re looking forward to 2009 – maybe after all the court proceedings are over , you could become an advocate for education about mental health prescription medications ?
Help others realize the importance of understanding side effects and such ?
Joaquin Phoenix – I ’m worried about you .
Perez Hilton is reporting some behavior that ’s causing serious concern for your family and friends .
I do n’t want to pry , and if we never find out what exactly ’s going on I ’m OK with that .
Of course , it may be nothing at all – I also heard you were wanting to leave acting for music , and maybe your aloofness is just a reflection of your loss of interest in the movie business .
But , if something is going on , let ’s make 2009 the year to put it right , yes ?
Tom Cruise – I do n’t agree with your views on psychiatry , mental illness , and medication , but I do agree with your views on what you should and should n’t publicly discuss , and when .
In 2009 , stick to those views .
Jamie Foxx – I ’m excited to see you and Robert Downey , Jr. in The Soloist this year .
On the way to your many red carpet events , how about you squeeze in trip to the post office to mail a membership form to a mental health advocacy organization ?
Your costar , Robert , is already on the Advisory Board for No Kidding , Me Too !
Maybe he could offer a suggestion .
Britney Spears – Just keep on keepin ’ on , girl .
Happy New Year !
An protester in Cairo holds a newspaper featuring a photo of Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Aboul Gheit meeting with his Israeli counterpart Tzipi Livni , 28 December 2008 .
( Wissam Nassar / MaanImages )
US
Israel ’s savage attacks on Gaza come after months and weeks of repeated threats and secret planning .
The shockwaves are rumbling all over the Arab world , as much because of the official Arab silence and international cowardice and complicity as because of Israel ’s barbarity .
Israel has never behaved otherwise .
Right from the beginning , and even before Israel was founded , Zionist gangs led by future prime ministers were the first to introduce terrorism to the Middle East .
Israel and its founders were the first to carry out political assassinations of United Nations officials and Palestinian leaders , as well as other truly terrorist attacks against hotels , railway stations and civilian Palestine government departments .
Israel brought nuclear weapons to the region and its chief innovations have been how to occupy , build settlements , usurp lands and rights by every means , commit massacres against civilians with advanced weapons , and invent new justifications for each crime .
These have been its chief contributions to the region for 60 years .
Israel ’s butchery in Gaza is therefore nothing new , even if its brazenness and cruelty set shameful new records .
The pain penetrates deep into every soul as ordinary people in Arab capitals voice their anger at Israel , at their own indifferent governments , and the duplicity of an “ international community ” that automatically supports the aggressor and blames the victim .
It is true that what is happening in Gaza happened before : the massacres there earlier this year , in Lebanon in 1982 , 1996 and 2006 , among many other examples .
The reactions are similar too .
When Israel attacked Lebanon in 2006 , it also had a green light from international and regional powers .
Then , as now , the United States and United Kingdom refused to call for a ceasefire , to give Israel time to continue the killing and to try to achieve its goals .
But in 2006 , Israel failed to achieve anything but defeat , despite massive political and military support .
In Gaza , Israel created through the siege , and through the continued occupation and oppression of Palestinians everywhere , conditions that made its attack a self - fulfilling prophecy .
Israel cornered itself .
The indiscriminate murder of hundreds of civilians in Gaza ( 300 dead and 700 injured in only the first 24 hours ) generated the usual bleats of “ concern ” from the “ international community . ”
Israel is ignoring the weak statement calling for an end to violence issued by the UN Security Council because it knows that the statement is meant only as political cover for those who issued it , not as a real effort to end the aggression .
As with Lebanon , Israel is quick to start a war , but the question is how to end it .
Hamas — and the steadfast Palestinian people — are not an army to be defeated on a battlefield with a declaration of victory .
Of course , Israel has the military might to destroy all of Gaza and kill every Palestinian there .
But no matter how many atrocities it commits , the Israeli army will end its attack with no victory .
Israel will reap another defeat in Gaza , to add to its harvest of defeat , and death .
With its latest massacres , Israel has ensured once and for all that it will never be accepted as a normal , permanent state in this region .
That is a decision that can only be taken by the people of this region — not by declarations from their leaders — and the people have made their views clear every time they were given a chance to express themselves .
For that Israel can also thank its so - called “ friends ” who never heeded the calls to restrain Israel even for its own good if not for the good of its victims .
Israel has been pushing events such that any chance of reconciliation and peace has been destroyed .
It has embarrassed and humiliated the Arab states that signed peace treaties in the hope that this might encourage Israel itself to pursue real peace , especially with the Palestinians .
It has seized every Arab opening and initiative as a sign of weakness to be exploited instead of built upon .
While claiming to desire nothing but peace and security , it has all along been acting as a rogue state with disrespect , lawlessness , bigotry , racism and a savage disregard for human life .
The end of this process has not been reached .
Israel will push things until even the meagre remaining peace “ achievements ” — the peace treaties themselves — are undone .
It seems that is what Israel truly desires no matter how much it claims to want peace .
No one can say with certainty what Israel ’s new aggression will unleash , but one can point to some likely outcomes .
The attack on Gaza will not destroy Hamas , and even if Israel kills every person who ever supported Hamas , the attack will not end resistance .
On the contrary , resistance will be strengthened throughout the region , undermining the notion that resistance is outdated or impossible and that the only remaining “ strategic choice ” for the Arabs is negotiation from a position of weakness .
The Gaza attack will weaken and discredit even further the so - called “ moderates ” who did their best to extinguish any form of resistance and bet heavily on the failed peace process and its sponsors .
We may also see an awakening of the role of the Arab public , which has been extremely patient with the sterile negotiations and summitry conducted by its leaders .
It will be impossible to counteract the now firmly rooted idea that there was official Arab complicity in the Gaza attack .
No one will forget that Israeli foreign minister Tzipi Livni issued her threats against Gaza from Cairo on 25 December , while Egypt ’s foreign minister stood smiling next to her without saying a word of protest .
Neither will it be easy for Egypt to further justify its role in tightening the siege on the Gaza population by keeping the Rafah crossing closed .
The reality is that the starvation siege Israel has imposed on Gaza could not continue so long without Arab complicity .
These facts leave indelible marks of shame on Arab history .
Finally , Israel may recognize what it should have learned after its invasion of Lebanon in 1982 : its enemies do not have the might that it has , and it can invade and kill with impunity , but military force does not bring security .
In fact , all it has done is to make Israel less secure and more hated for its crimes .
Israel continues to isolate itself , to enlarge the constituency of its enemies and , at the same time , works hard to eliminate the number of any left “ friends . ”
We are undoubtedly at the end of the era which started with the Madrid peace conference 17 years ago .
The “ peace process ” that conference inaugurated , based on sidelining international law and institutionalizing Israeli dominance , has failed and cannot be revived .
The alternative must not be a continuation of violence .
There are other paths .
One , long neglected , stands out : a return to international law , legality and accountability .
That would require real courage from an international community that has for too long abdicated its duties .
Governments and international bodies may continue to evade those duties , but they should know that they will not be immune from the spreading shockwaves emanating from Gaza .
Hasan Abu Nimah is the former permanent representative of Jordan at the United Nations .
This essay first appeared in The Jordan Times and is reprinted with the author ’s permission .
Related Links
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Justice Secretary Jack Straw has vetoed the publication of minutes of key cabinet meetings held in the run-up to the Iraq war in 2003 .
He said he would use a clause in the Freedom of Information
Act to block the release of details of meetings in which the war 's legality was discussed .
Releasing the papers would do " serious damage " to cabinet government , he said , and outweighed public interest needs .
The Information Tribunal ruled last month that they should be published .
' Necessary '
They had rejected a government appeal against the Information Commissioner 's ruling that the papers be published because decisions taken in the run-up to 2003 invasion of Iraq were " momentous " and controversial .
There is a balance to be struck between openness and maintaining aspects of our structure of democratic government
Jack Straw
Where now for FOI ?
Open Secrets Blog
The government could have appealed against the Information Tribunal 's decision in the High Court , but has decided instead to use the ministerial veto for the first time since the Freedom of Information laws came into force .
Mr Straw told MPs he had not taken the decision - which had to be approved by Cabinet - to block the minutes " lightly " .
But he said it was " necessary " in the interest of protecting the confidentiality of ministerial discussions which underpinned cabinet government and collective responsibility .
" There is a balance to be struck between openness and maintaining aspects of our structure of democratic government , " he said .
" The damage that disclosure of the minutes in this instance would do far outweighs any corresponding public interest in their disclosure . "
He was supported by former Lord Chancellor Lord Falconer , who told BBC Radio 4 's Today programme that ministers had to be able to be " free and frank " in a " private space " :
" The critical point is , do you want cabinet government and collective responsibility to continue ?
We have a well - functioning system . "
The Conservatives said the decision was " right " since the release of the minutes would make ministers more reluctant to discuss controversial subjects in future , impeding good government .
However , shadow justice secretary Dominic Grieve said the way the government had handled the issue betrayed its contempt for the FOI legislation it itself introduced .
The order concerns meetings of Tony Blair 's cabinet in 2003
He also repeated his call for a full - scale public inquiry into the Iraq war , saying the need for this was now " overwhelming " .
For the Lib Dems , justice spokesman David Howarth said the decision was " more to do with preventing embarrassment than protecting the system of government " .
He said it was in the public 's interest to know that the cabinet , as a decision - making body , had " collapsed " in the run-up to war and been supplanted by a handful of key individuals around the then prime minister Tony Blair .
' Regret ' Labour MP Tony
Wright said it was a cause of " great regret " that the veto had been used for the first time and would reinforce the impression among the public that there was something that ministers wanted to hide .
The SNP described the move as a " cover - up " and said an inquiry was needed so that lessons could be learnt from the " worst UK foreign policy decision in living memory " .
" The public feels it was lied to about the reasons for going to war in Iraq , and those responsible must not be allowed to hide from an inquiry , " said its defence spokesman Angus Robertson .
The release of the cabinet minutes would have reopened controversy over then attorney general Lord Goldsmith 's legal advice on the war .
On the eve of war , 17 March , Lord Goldsmith 's opinion unequivocally saying military action was legal was presented to cabinet , MPs and the military and published .
Anything other than exceptional use of the veto would threaten to undermine much of the progress made towards greater openness and transparency in government
Richard Thomas , Information Commissioner
But after long - running reports that he had changed his mind as the planned invasion approached , his initial lengthy advice given to Mr Blair on 7 March was leaked and then published in 2005 .
This advice raised a number of questions and concerns about the possible legality of military action against Iraq without a second UN resolution and was never shown to the cabinet .
Mr Blair defended his decision not to show the cabinet the full advice , saying Lord Goldsmith had attended the cabinet in person and was able to answer any legal questions and explain his view .
Information Commissioner Richard Thomas , who backed publication on public interest grounds , said the exercise of a veto over standard FOI procedures must be " exceptional " .
" Anything other than exceptional use of the veto would threaten to undermine much of the progress made towards greater openness and transparency in government since the FOI Act came into force , " he said , adding that he would issue a report to Parliament about the case shortly .
Freedom of Information campaigners expressed concerns that the use of the veto in this case could set a precedent for less controversial material to be withheld in future .
Maurice Frankel , director of the Campaign for Freedom of Information , said ministers should have either accepted the Tribunal decision 's or challenged it in the High Court if they believed they had legal grounds to do so .
In its ruling in January supporting publication , the Tribunal said " the decision to commit the nation 's armed forces to the invasion of another country is momentous in its own right and ... its seriousness is increased by the criticisms that have been made of the general decision - making processes in the cabinet at the time " .
The Tribunal concluded that the release of the minutes now would not set a precedent in future cases .
Cabinet minutes are not normally released until at least 30 years after the event .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Elisabeth Moss & Fred Armisen Engaged ( Photos )
Actressand Saturday Night Live starare engaged .
The couple have managed to keep their relationship well below the radar until very recently .
According to the 25 year old actress , " It happened just a few days ago .
It 's private , so I do n't want to share the details of how it happened , but I will say it was perfect . "
The up and coming Moss first gained fame in the role of Zoey Bartlet on the television drama The West Wing .
She went on to play secretary Peggy Olson , one of the lead roles in the AMC series Mad Men .
In October 2008 , Moss started a run on Broadway in the play Speed - the - Plow .
See photo below of Armisen and Moss at the Ethel Barrymore Theater after one of her performances .
Armisen is also a comedian and musician .
He played drums for the punk rock band Trenchmout and The Blue Man Group in Chicago in the late 80's and early 90's .
His SNL impressions of political figures have included Barack Obama .
He appeared as the political candidate in several skits opposite SNL actress Amy Poehler , who played candidate Hillary Clinton .
Photo gallery below .
Photos : WENN
Gary Duncan
Times Online
December 15 , 2008
The US Federal Reserve is tipped tomorrow to pave the way for it to take more extraordinary measures to kick - start the American economy after it cuts interest rates to an historic low of only 0.5 per cent .
The Fed is expected to cut the key US official interest rate , its Fed Funds target rate , by another half - point from the present 1 per cent level that matches past record lows .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
But with still lower official rates seen as unlikely to deliver much of an extra boost to stalled US growth , markets are on alert for the Fed to map out action through radical measures to pump funds into the economy .
Another cut in the official rate is seen as likely to prove mainly symbolic .
This is because this official rate is in reality only a target for the cost to US banks of borrowing from each other overnight , through the Fed .
In practice , distortions in the marketplace have already pushed the true rate at which the US banks can borrow overnight well below the Fed target , to levels approaching zero .
With serious practical dangers to the US economy likely to be posed by cutting rates much below 0.5 per cent , the Fed is likely to use its statement to set out alternative , aggressive action that it can take in place of conventional cuts in interest rates .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Reddit Email 0 Shares
Lt. Col. Darrel J. Vandeveld resigned from the military commissions tribunals at Guantanamo convinced that the system denies defense attorneys exculpatory evidence that the government knows about , which might prove the innocence of the defendant .
The Guantanamo issue tells us a lot about the candidates and their commitment to the Constitution and the rule of law .
Obama is clear :
‘ I will close Guantanamo .
I will restore habeas corpus .
And we will end torture and rendition because you will have elected a president who has taught the Constitution and believes in the Constitution and will obey the Constitution of the United States of America . ” — Barack Obama , February 27 2008 . ’
Although McCain says he wants to close the physical facility at Guantanamo , he supports the deeply flawed military tribunals process :
I remember seeing one of these photos on some random blog a while ago and I remember thinking “ man I would n’t want to be in the shoes of the guy that pissed this dog off ” .
Today , after looking at the rest of the photos I realized the dog was n’t angry at all , that ’s how he expresses himself when he ’s playing with his balls .
Well , not his balls , balls … you know what I mean and if you do n’t , just take a look at the pics below :
Saudi cleric Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al - Sheikh says it 's OK for a girl age 10 or 12 to get married .
( CNN ) --
The debate over the controversial practice of child marriage in Saudi Arabia was pushed back into the spotlight this week , with the kingdom's top cleric saying that it 's OK for girls as young as 10 to wed .
" It is incorrect to say that it 's not permitted to marry off girls who are 15 and younger , " Sheikh Abdul Aziz Al - Sheikh , the kingdom 's grand mufti , said in remarks quoted Wednesday in the regional Al - Hayat newspaper .
" A girl aged 10 or 12 can be married .
Those who think she 's too young are wrong and they are being unfair to her . "
The issue of child marriage has been a hot - button topic in the deeply conservative kingdom in recent weeks .
Late last month , a Saudi judge refused to annul the marriage of an 8 - year - old girl to a 47 - year - old man .
The judge , Sheikh Habib Abdallah al - Habib , rejected a petition from the girl 's mother , whose lawyer said the marriage was arranged by her father to settle a debt with " a close friend . "
The judge required the girl 's husband to sign a pledge that he would not have sex with her until she reaches puberty .
Al - Sheikh was asked during a Monday lecture about parents forcing their underage daughters to marry .
" We hear a lot in the media about the marriage of underage girls , " he said , according to the newspaper .
" We should know that Shariah law has not brought injustice to women . "
Christoph Wilcke , a Saudi Arabia researcher for Human Rights Watch , recently told CNN that his organization has heard many other cases of child marriages .
" We 've been hearing about these types of cases once every four or five months because the Saudi public is now able to express this kind of anger -- especially so when girls are traded off to older men , " Wilcke said .
Wilcke explained that while Saudi ministries may make decisions designed to protect children , " It is still the religious establishment that holds sway in the courts , and in many realms beyond the court . "
Last month , Zuhair al - Harithi , a spokesman for the Saudi government - run Human Rights Commission , said his organization is fighting against child marriages .
" The Human Rights Commission opposes child marriages in Saudi Arabia , " al - Harithi said .
" Child marriages violate international agreements that have been signed by Saudi Arabia and should not be allowed . "
He added that his organization has been able to intervene and stop at least one child marriage from taking place .
Wajeha al - Huwaider , co-founder of the Society of Defending Women 's Rights in Saudi Arabia , told CNN last month that achieving human rights in the kingdom means standing against those who want to " keep us backward and in the dark ages . "
She said the marriages cause girls to " lose their sense of security and safety .
Also , it destroys their feeling of being loved and nurtured .
It causes them a lifetime of psychological problems and severe depression . "
The Saudi Ministry of Justice has made no public comment on the issue .
CNN 's Mohammed Jamjoom contributed to this report .
Name " Is a ... " Tested Initial Approval Board Approved Legal Approved
Stonehenge is a famous British landmark Google search + software , +computer , + Linux , +IT ( conflict with an IT service firm : http://www.stonehengeit.com/)
( conflict with software company : http://www.eznumerologysoftware.com/)
( conflict with well - known Perl consultancy : http://www.stonehenge.com/)
Wroclaw is an education city ( Wroclaw university of technology , Wroclaw University etc ) like Cambridge Google search + software , +computer , + Linux , +IT ( reuses the ' city ' link that is forbidden )
Yaxn is " Plus , More " in Mamaindé language - Mamaindé is a brazilian indian tribe Mamaindé dictionary - http://orbita.starmedia.com/~i.n.d.i.o.s/mamainde1.htm
( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Bacon George Cambridge is Knight Grand Cross and Francis Bacon is also a Knight http://baconsoft.com/
( conflict with software company
Bacon is a cut of meat taken from the sides , belly , or back of a pig that has been cured , smoked , or both .
Google search + software , +computer , + Linux , + IT Pass ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Alexandria was a library / research institution and is a university Book management software for GNOME , library management software ( http://goalexandria.com/ ( conflict with software products )
Hewish
He 's a british radio astronomer who has discovered the pulsars .
He has worked in Cambridge University .
Nothing obvious ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Puppis A star ( actually L2 Puppis ) researched by Cambridge University in 1881 which was determined to have bands in it 's spectrum .. it was also considered , at that time , to be the southern most object ever observed from that location
No conflicts found on Google ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Glasses is a creation from 1284 Google search + software , +computer , + Linux , +IT ( Cambridge University was founded around 1209 - 1284 was the founding of Peterhouse college , some time later ) ( incorrect factual information )
Paisley Caves source of interesting coprolites Google search + software , +computer , + Linux , +IT shows nothing obvious in top hits ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Commodore ... a personal computer from the 1980's as was Cambridge ( aka Sinclair ) Commodore is also a common word in English so it is fairly safe ( obvious conflict with computer related technology )
Somerville Cambridge is a city near Boston , and so is Somerville .
( reuses forbidden city link )
Tokyo Cambridge is a city with several prestigious universities in it , and so is Tokyo .
( reuses forbidden city link )
Eagle Only freedom .
( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Longfellow American educator and poet .
Famous resident of Cambridge , MA ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Gokyo Cambridge is door to higher education so is Gokyo door to zenith of world No conflict ( does not meet the 'is a ' link rule fully ( metaphor is overdoing it ) )
π π ( Pi ) is deeply connected with science , as well as Cambridge Google search + software , +computer , + Linux , +IT shows no obvious conflict ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Nebula is a strange name for Fedora release .
Nothing obvious ( is a ' link too vague )
Universe Universe is a location , and Cambridge is , too .
Plus , our universe is blue !
Google search + software , +computer , + Linux , +IT shows no obvious conflict ( ' is a ' link too vague )
Athens Cambridge is where the oldest American university is located , Athens where the oldest , public American university is located USPTO lists 97 trademark inclusions , all that are related to software or similar technology are cancelled or dead .
Other considerations are Williamsburg ( second oldest American ) or Chapel Hill ( debatable as the oldest public , American and also in NC near Red Hat HQ ) .
I like Athens the most because it 's short ( 2 syllables like most of the prior names ) , begins with " A " ( the next generation of Fedora ) and links to many things outside American influence ( which should please our European colleagues ) .
( reuses forbidden city link , unless it 's Athens University )
Trinity Cambridge has a College named Trinity as there is a University Trinity in San Antonio Texas .
Trinity Software # 1 ( http://www.trinitysoftware.com/), Trinity Software # 2 ( http://www.trinitysoft.net/), Trinity Rescue Kit ( Linux distro - http://trinityhome.org/Home/index.php?wpid=1&front_id=12) ( too many related uses of the name )
Harvard is a University in Cambridge , MA ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Kalasasaya is the name of an ancient temple that refers a solid rock .
Google search + Kalasasaya ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Boston Cambridge has stops on the MBTA subway system , and so does Boston .
( reuses forbidden city link ) <= reworded as to not use the city link - See above
Lexington Cambridge is located in Middlesex County in Massachusetts , and so is Lexington .
( reuses forbidden city link ) <= reworded - See above
Hawking is famous cosmologican , professor of Maths on Cambridge University ( does not meet the 'is a ' link rule , is a Hawking Radation )
Turing Cambridge is a city in the US , it is also a university in the UK .
Alan Turing attended Cambridge University and is often considered to be the father of the modern computer .
No obvious commercial links , tons of computer related links .
( does not meet the 'is a ' link rule , as google shows no evidence of a ' Turing University ' )
linuxcolor linuxcolor ( does not meet the ' is a ' line rule )
Stroke is related to rowing .
No conflicts found .
Stroke is term for rower on " port " side of boat .
( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Claddagh is a type of Ring Nothing obvious as top hits ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule ) Claddagh is a ring you wear on your finger .
The Cambridge Ring was a network architecture , similar to token ring
Crystal A rock formed by solidification of a substance No conflicts found .
( does not follow the ' is a ' link rule )
Eclipse Both Soccer clubs .
Eclipse Foundation , with Eclipse software already in Fedora ( http://eclipse.org/)
Sangai is a endangered Brow - antlered deer found only in Keibul Lamjao at Manipur , which is also the only floating national park in the world .
nothing obvious ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Spinal Tap fictitious band from the mocumentary " This Is Spinal Tap " - " The numbers all go to eleven .
Look , right across the board , eleven , eleven , eleven and ... " - " Eleven .
Exactly .
One louder . "
Possible Links : Cambridge is an album by the band Lemon Heads and Spinal Tap is a band .
Spinal Taps are often performed at Mass General Hospital which is right across the Longfellow bridge from Cambridge , MA .
Tony Hendra , one of the stars of Spinal Tap wrote a book called " Father Joe " where the main character goes to Cambridge University ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Atreides Like Cambridge , Atreides is a dukedom
No obvious software / computer - related links , aside from adaptations of the books ( conflict -- Google clearly shows two firms trading under this name in the software / services business )
Pancetta Cambridge is a kind of diet , as is a ' Pancetta ' diet ( italian ) .
Mmm .
( No recognized diet by that name , thus fails " is -a " test ) Atkins
Maxwell ( Mw ) is a compound derived CGS unit measuring magnetic flux .
James Clerk Maxwell Road in Cambridge , which runs beside the Cavendish Laboratory .
See wikipedia
We could use this a a spring board to coffee aka maxwell house Google search for + software , + computer , +it , returns Maxwell Software ( conflict with software company .
also does n't meet ' is a ' link rule ?
Mw is a unit of measure defined , there for it meets this test IMHO )
Zakir Ustad Zakir Hussain is a bridge across nations .
Cambridge ' a bridge on river Granta ' ( does not meet ' is a ' link rule .
The metaphor is a bit over - reaching
Photon is a basic unit of light or any Electromagnetic Radiation " Photon " as a concept is a part of many theories in Quantum Mechanics .
Also , we have " Photon Theory of Light " similar to " Cambridge Theory of Distribution " .
No other conflicts found .
( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Pitchblend is a radioactive , uranium - rich mineral and ore with a chemical composition that is largely UO2 , but also contains UO3 and oxides of lead , thorium , and rare earth elements .
It is found in states of New Hampshire , Connecticut , North Carolina , Wyoming , Colorado , in United States where Cambridge Lies.
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pitchblend
No other conflicts found .
( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Sanjeevani is a lythophytic plant with medicinal properties .
The popular name " Sanjeevani " which translates as " One that infuses life " derives from the medicinal properties .
Sanjeevani grows on the hills of tropical areas , particularly the Arawali mountain terrains from east to west in India .
In Hindu mythology , Sanjeevani is a magical herb which has the power to cure any malady .
It is believed that medicines prepared from this herb can even revive a dead person .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Selaginella_bryopteris
No other conflicts found .
( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Havelaar Cambridge is a Fairtrade Town , and Havelaar is a non-profit organization promoting Fairtrade .
Nothing found conflicting on Google .
( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Sequence Cambridge Reference Sequence " The Cambridge Reference Sequence ( CRS ) for human mitochondrial DNA was first published in 1981 leading to the initiation of the human genome project . " ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Mountbatten Cambridge has a university , and Lord Mountbatten attended .
Google search for cambridge , famous students ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
quixotic adjective for resembling or befitting Don Quixote .
( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Futhark Cambridge is not a mean of water transportation and so is not Futhark .
( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Windsor is a British Dukedom that was created for an abdicated king because Dukedom of Cambrdige was extant at the time Google search + software , +computer , + Linux , +IT ( conflict with an IT service firm : http://www.windsorcorp.com/)
Oxford is a university in England Oxford Software ( recruitment software - http://www.oxfordsoftware.com/).
Also a local consulting group in Oxfordshire .
And Oxford Semiconductor ( conflict with existing companies )
Galápagos is a place central to Charles Darwins discovery of natural selection , so is Cambridge http://www.galapagossystems.com/
( conflict with exsiting open source related company )
Ivory Tower Cambridge is a place of academic elitism , and so is the Ivory Tower .
Commonly people think of the university of Cambridge when they hear Cambride , so a link definitively exists
No Conflict found using google search ( having a link is not the requirement .
Cambridge is not an Ivory Tower , so this suggestion does not meet the rules )
Boat race
The " Cambridge " " boat race " against Oxford is well known ( as is the Oxford boat race against Cambridge ;-)
No conflicts found .
( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Tolerance The CUUNA ( Cambridge University United Nations Association ) has been involved an International Day for Tolerance ( 14th November ) with campaign of several parts of tolerance , the aim and objective being raising awareness of tolerance and diversity in society through a variety of thought - provoking activities .
Great cause .
Fedora is verify that tolerance in the public is possible .
visit : http://www.cuuna.org/2008/11/11/international-day-for-tolerance/
Google search for tolerance include " + computer " , " +hardware " , " + technology " , " + IT " match no conflict ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Rumburak Rumburak is a name of famous Czech wizard .
( http://www.csfd.cz/film/9428-rumburak/)
Cambridge is magic , and so is Rumburak .
( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Eel Pie Like Cambridge , Eel Pie is a British publishing company no obvious links ( Eel Pie is a record label .
Cambridge is a printing company .
does not meet ' is a ' link rule )
Caffe Latte Like Cambridge , Caffe Latte is a line of Vera Bradley designer luggage .
( conflict with existing Linux project http://caffe-latte.sourceforge.jp/index-en.html )
Peacock Like Cambridge , Peacock is a line of Vera Bradley designer luggage .
( conflict with an existing Linux project http://peacock.sourceforge.net/ )
Night Owl Like Cambridge , Night Owl is a line of Vera Bradley designer luggage .
( conflict with an existing IT company http://www.nightowlconsultants.com/)
Imperial Cambridge is a university , and so is Imperial ( College , London ) .
( conflict with an existing software company http://imperialsoftwaresystems.com/index.php)
Sapienza
It is the largest European university and the most ancient of the city of Rome . ( " Sapienza " means " knowledge " )
Nothing obvious ( conflict with an existing software company http://www.sapienzaconsulting.com/)
Galway Like Cambridge , Galway is the last name of a crew member of The Lord of the Rings : The Return of the King ( conflict with an existing software company http://www.galway.com.au/)
Nalanda Nalanda is one of the first great universities in recorded history ( conflict with existing Linux project http://nalanda.sourceforge.net/doc/index.html)
Taxila Taxila or Takshasila is one of ancient university in the world as well as a UNESCO World Heritage Site .
Taxila is a butterfly too .
( conflict with an existing software company http://www.taxila.com/
Magic Bred is an anagram of Cambridge Google search for + software , +computer , +hardware , + technology , +IT , + Linux turned up nothing obvious .
( does not meet the 'is a ' link rule .
an anagram is a type of word play that results in a new word .
Cambridge is not an anagram of Cambridge )
Cavendish is an experiment , Cambridge is an experiment resubmitted ( conflict with existing software company http://www.cavesoft.net/)
Aqueduct is a bridge ( conflict with an existing software project http://aqueduct.sourceforge.net/ also http://www.twu.ca/divisions/technology/sst/aqueduct/)
Athabasca is a university ( in Canada ) with a Press .
All works of Athabasca University Press are available online under a Creative Commons license
There is a university , and also a software company that publishes a Camp Management software ( conflict with an existing software company http://www.athabascasoftware.com/)
Chelsea Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Chelsea .
http://www.chelseacomputer.com/
http://www.chelseacomputer.net/
http://www.chelseacomputersolutions.com/
https://launchpad.net/chelsea
( ARGH ! )
Shipyard Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Shipyard .
http://www.florian-diesch.de/software/shipyard/
http://www.shipyard.com.au/
Ska Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Ska .
http://skasoftware.com/
Viking Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Viking .
http://www.vikingsoft.com/
http://www.viking-software.com/
http://www.vikingsoftware.com/
http://sourceforge.net/projects/viking/
Elysian Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Elysian .
http://www.elysianlabs.com/products/
http://www.elysiansystems.co.uk/Services.aspx
Upstream Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Upstream .
http://www.upstream.se/?page=1&setlanguage=eng&language=eng
Blackwater Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Blackwater .
http://www.blackwaterss.com/
http://linux.softpedia.com/get/Desktop-Environment/Themes/Project-Blackwater-38918.shtml
Trailhead Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Trailhead .
http://www.trailheadinteractive.com/
http://www.trailheadtech.com/products.html
Summit Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Summit .
http://www.summit-soft.com/
http://www.summitsoftwaresolutions.com/
http://www.summit-sw.com/
http://www.summsoft.com/content/CompanyOverview.aspx
Magic
Hat Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Magic Hat .
http://www.magichatsoftware.com/
Yukon Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Yukon .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Yukon_(software)
Blue Moon Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Blue Moon .
http://linux.softpedia.com/get/GAMES-ENTERTAINMENT/TBS/Blue-Moon-19844.shtml
http://www.bluemoon.com/
Moon River Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Moon River .
http://www.moonriversoftware.com/
http://moonriverconsulting.biz/About.aspx
http://www.moonriverconsulting.com/products.php
Mohawk Cambridge is the name of a paper manufacturer , and so is Mohawk .
http://www.mohawksoft.com/
http://www.mohawksoft.org/
Penguin Cambridge is the name of a dictionary , and so is Penguin .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Penguin_Software
Concise Cambridge is the name of a dictionary , and so is Concise .
( does not meet ' is a ' link rule .
Concise is an adjective used to describe various dictionaries .
It is not a dictionary in and of itself )
Fellevven " Cambridge " is a word with nine characters so is Fellevven ( and it sounds like F - 11 ) No Conflict found ( uses generic ' is a word ' link )
Miskatonic
A university like cambridge , but in the land of lovecraft http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Miskatonic ( conflict with existing software company http://www.miskatonicsoftware.com/)
Steampunk Cambridge is associated with the Victorian era 's fashion sense , as is Steampunk .
Nothing found on google ( does not meet the ' is a ' link rule )
Diamond Cambridge is a university so is Diamond http://www.blackdiamonduniversity.com/home.asp?bhcp=1
http://www.diamondsoftware.net/
http://www.diamondsoftwareservices.com/
http://www.diamondsoftwaresystems.com/
Hazzard part of the " dukes of ... " title Nothing obviously conflicting ( factual information is suspect .
Hazzard is not a real dukedom .
It 's not even a real county )
Canterbury Cambridge is a Roman conquest , and so is Canterbury .
( reuses forbidden city link ) <= reworded as to not use the city link .
The link is still between Cambridge , the city , and Canterbury , the city , regardless of the wording .
<= Reworded yet again .
Note that the link implied is not between cities but sites of Roman invasion .
Fanbore is a compound word which consists of an electrically driven device and a construction Nothing found on Google ( fanbore does not appear to be a real word , and the link is tenuous )
Sinclair The Cambridge Computer Z88 was a portable personal computer , light , the size of a sheet of A4 paper and Sinclair Research Ltd is a consumer electronics company founded by Sir Clive Sinclair in Cambridge http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sinclair_Research
Gearbuilding Cambridge is a nonsensical concatination of a mechanical primitive and a man-made structure ( Cam - bridge ) .
So is ... this
Orion is a book publisher ( Cambridge University Press and Orion Books / Orion Publishing Group )
It appears that half of the software companies in the world call themselves " Orion something " ( which should mean that " Orion " can hardly be a trademark in itself ? ) :
http://www.orionsoftware.com/, http://www.orion-soft.com/, http://www.orionoutcomes.com/, http://www.orionsoft.ca/,
http://www.orionsoftwareservices.com/, http://www.orion-software.biz/,
http://www.ogse.com/, http://www.orionsoftwaresolution.com/, http://www.orionsoftware.com/, etc .
Phlogiston is a theory like Cambridge Theory of distribution Google search for + software , +computer , +IT , +hardware turned up nothing obvious .
Fredrikshald is a bay on Victoria Island , Nunavut , Canada , as is Cambridge Bay Google search for + software , +computer , +IT , +hardware turned up nothing obvious , other bays on Victoria Island caused numerous hits since they were English names .
Cabbage Soup is a diet , so is Cambridge nothing obvious
Dictator was a ship in the Union navy
No apparent conflicts ( probably for obvious reasons )
Orcher " Cambridge " is a castle so is " Orcher " No conflicts found .
Zythos is a " Beer Festival " Search for + software , +linux , +it .
No conflicts found .
Blood also a type of sausage ( and think of the artwork ! )
Nothing obvious
Starkbierzeit Beer festival !
Passes google search
YoungHeart is a soccer club in New Zealand .
see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Cambridge_(soccer) and http://www.rsssf.com/tablesn/nz05.html
Google search + software , +computer , + Linux , +IT
Hamline is a university .
Google search + software , +computer , + Linux , +IT ( there is a university with the same name )
Edsac Cambridge is an early computer so is Edsac Google search + software , +computer , + Linux , +IT shows no obvious trademark conflict and EDSAC was an acronym and presumably not a trademark
Canadiana ( USS ) Cambridge is an old steamship , and so is ( SS ) Canadiana Google search + software , +computer , + Linux , +IT shows no obvious trademark conflict
Nugent Like Cambridge , Nugent is an earldom
No obvious software / computer - related links .
Name of a computer lab at the University of Arizona
Yo- Yo is a term used to describe a form of dieting .
Some google hits about the XO , no conflicts as far as I can tell
Guinness Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Guinness .
Long Trail Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Long Trail .
Farmhouse Cambridge is the name of a brewing company , and so is Farmhouse .
Princess Cambridge was a model of car made by Austin .
Princess was another model of car made by the same manufacturer Obviously the Austin Princess car itself , several countries have princesses , Disney has a film called The Princess Diaries .
None seem relevant
Pune Pune is an education hub , so is Cambridge ( EDIT : also a city , ineligible ) .
Google search for + software , +computer , +hardware , + technology , +IT , returned nothing obvious .
+ Linux returned Pune Linux / GNU Users Group .
They should n't be having any problem .
Whammy A Cam Bridge is a type of tremolo system .
Whammy [ Bar ] is another name for a guitar tremolo .
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kahler_Tremolo_System
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bridge_(instrument)#Tremolo_bridges http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Whammy_bar
Titania Cambridge is a castle so is Titania http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Titania%27s_Palace.
more info about Titania ( is the largest moon of Uranus .
http://www.solarviews.com/eng/titania.htm) no conflict found
Pickard is part of the name of Reverend Octavius Pickard - Cambridge .
This offers the options to use a mispelling of a Star Trek character 's name for future releases .
Poss .
Conflicts : Pickard Hardware ( http://www.pickardhardware.co.uk), Pickard Computer Consulting of Syracuse , Utah ( a bit tenuous of a link )
Random Cambridge ( University Press ) and Random ( House ) are publishers Google search + software , +computer , + Linux , +IT shows a few " Random Number Generator " applications , but nothing that could be trademarked , the word is simply used in context . --
I think the proper usage here for the link would be the full ' Random House '
Welcome to MichelleRainey.com
Medical Cannabis Patients Advocate
Michelle Rainey “ Medicinal Michelle ”
June 14 , 1971 – October 20 , 2010
After a brave fight , Michelle succumbed to cancer on October 20 , 2010 .
Her passion , strength and courage inspired so many people , and she will never be forgotten .
Michelle ’s memorial bench is located at 23282 River Rd , Maple Ridge , BC V2W 1B6 View on Map http://m.google.com/u/m/wYU8q3
The formal viewing will take place January 19 , 2013 at 4:00 pm . ( Click picture to enlarge )
Her husband Jef , is continuing the work , so the Medicinal Cannabis Education Package and Medicinal T - Shirts are still available .
In her honour , a non profit will be established , the Michelle Rainey Foundation : Continuing Crohn ’s , Cancer and Cannabis Research .
If reporting is , as I suspect , a record of mankind 's folly , then the end of 2008 is proving my point .
Let 's kick off with the man who is not going to change the Middle East , Barack Obama , who last week , with infinite predictability , became Time 's " person of the year " .
But buried in a long and immensely tedious interview inside the magazine , Obama devotes just one sentence to the Arab - Israeli conflict : " And seeing if we can build on some of the progress , at least in conversation , that 's been made around the Israeli - Palestinian conflict will be a priority . "
What is this man talking about ?
" Building on progress ? "
What progress ?
On the verge of another civil war between Hamas and the Palestinian Authority , with Benjamin Netanyahu a contender for Israeli prime minister , with Israel 's monstrous wall and its Jewish colonies still taking more Arab land , and Palestinians still firing rockets at Sderot , and Obama thinks there 's " progress " to build on ?
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
I suspect this nonsensical language comes from the mental mists of his future Secretary of State .
" At least in conversation " is pure Hillary Clinton – its meaning totally eludes me – and the giveaway phrase about progress being made " around " the Israeli - Palestinian conflict is even weirder .
Of course if Obama had talked about an end to Jewish settlement building on Arab land – the only actual " building " that is going on in the conflict – relations with Hamas as well as the Palestinian Authority , justice for both sides in the conflict , along with security for Palestinians as well as Israelis , then he might actually effect a little change .
An interesting test of Obama 's gumption is going to come scarcely three months after his inauguration when he will have a little promise to honour .
Yup , it 's that dratted 24 April commemoration of the Armenian genocide when Armenians remember the 1.5 million of their countrymen – citizens of the Ottoman empire slaughtered by the Turks – on the anniversary of the day in 1915 when the first Armenian professors , artists and others were taken off to execution by the Ottoman authorities .
Bill Clinton promised Armenians he 'd call it a " genocide " if they helped to elect him to office .
George Bush did the same .
So did Obama .
The first two broke their word and resorted to " tragedy " rather than " genocide " once they'd got the votes , because they were frightened of all those bellowing Turkish generals , not to mention – in Bush 's case – the US military supply routes through Turkey , the " roads and so on " as Robert Gates called them in one of history 's more gripping ironies , these being the same " roads and so on " upon which the Armenians were sent on their death marches in 1915 .
And Mr Gates will be there to remind Obama of this .
So I bet you – I absolutely bet on the family cat – that Obama is going to find that " genocide " is " tragedy " by 24 April .
By chance , I browsed through Turkish Airlines ' in - flight magazine while cruising into Istanbul earlier this month and found an article on the historical Turkish region of Harput .
" Asia 's natural garden " , " a popular holiday resort " , the article calls Harput , " where churches dedicated to the Virgin Mary rise next to tombs of the ancestors of Mehmet the Conqueror " .
Odd , all those churches , is n't it ?
And you have to shake your head to remember that Harput was the centre of the Christian Armenian genocide , the city from which Leslie Davis , the brave American consul in Harput , sent back his devastating eyewitness dispatches of the thousands of butchered Armenian men and women whose corpses he saw with his own eyes .
But I guess that all would spoil the " natural garden " effect .
It 's a bit like inviting tourists to the Polish town of Oswiecim – without mentioning that its German name is Auschwitz .
But these days , we can all rewrite history .
Take Nicolas Sarkozy , France 's cuddliest ever president , who not only toadies up to Bashar al - Assad of Syria but is now buttering up the sick and awful Algerian head of state Abdelaziz Bouteflika who 's just been " modifying " the Algerian constitution to give himself a third term in office .
There was no parliamentary debate , just a show of hands – 500 out of 529 – and what was Sarko 's response ?
" Better Bouteflika than the Taliban ! " I always thought the Taliban operated a bit more to the east – in Afghanistan , where Sarko 's lads are busy fighting them – but you never can tell .
Not least when exiled former Algerian army officers revealed that undercover soldiers as well as the Algerian Islamists ( Sarko's " Taliban " ) were involved in the brutal village massacres of the 1990s .
Talking of " undercover " , I was amazed to learn of the training system adopted by the Met lads who put Jean Charles de Menezes to death on the Tube .
According to former police commander Brian Paddick , the Met 's secret rules for " dealing " with suicide bombers were drawn up " with the help of Israeli experts " .
What ?
Who were these so - called " experts " advising British policemen how to shoot civilians on the streets of London ?
The same men who assassinate wanted Palestinians in the West Bank and Gaza and brazenly kill Palestinian civilians at the same time ?
The same people who outrageously talk about " targeted killings " when they murder their opponents ?
Were these the thugs who were advising Lady Cressida Dick and her boys ?
Not that our brave peace envoy , Lord Blair , would have much to say about it .
He 's the man , remember , whose only proposed trip to Gaza was called off when yet more " Israeli experts " advised him that his life might be in danger .
Anyway , he 'd still rather be president of Europe , something Sarko wants to award him .
That , I suppose , is why Blair wrote such a fawning article in the same issue of Time which made Obama " person " of the year .
" There are times when Nicolas Sarkozy resembles a force of nature , " Blair grovels .
It 's all first names , of course .
" Nicolas has the hallmark of any true leader " ; " Nicolas has adopted ... " ; " Nicolas recognises " ; " Nicolas reaching out ... " .
In all , 15 " Nicolases " .
Is that the price of the Euro presidency ?
Or will Blair now tell us he 's going to be involved in those " conversations " with Obama to " build on some of the progress " in the Middle East ?
NEW YORK --
No effort at the beginning , no Richard Hamilton at the end , and still no wins on Sunday for the Detroit Pistons .
Chris Duhon had 25 points and nine assists , Quentin Richardson scored 23 points , and the New York Knicks blew most of a 29 - point lead before holding off the Pistons 104 - 92 to snap a three - game losing streak .
Wilson Chandler and Al Harrington hit key 3 - pointers for the Knicks , who dropped the Pistons to 0 - 5 on Sundays .
It seemed the victory would be easy after New York led by double digits for nearly all the first three quarters , but Detroit finally woke up in the fourth and got within five .
" We just needed to win .
We lost a couple of games in a row , " Duhon said .
" We 've just got to start feeling good about ourselves and understand that , again , it 's a long season , it 's a process .
There 's going to be bumps in the road but we 've just got to fight through it and keep playing hard . "
Playing hard is something the Pistons did n't feel they did until it was too late .
Coach Michael Curry said he would contemplate lineup changes after his starters were down by double digits just minutes into the game .
" Regardless of how well you play , one thing you can always do every night is play hard and there 's no excuse for that , " Pistons guard Allen Iverson said .
" We get a lot of money to come out here and perform to the highest of our ability and there 's no reason why you should n't come out and give that effort . "
Harrington finished with 18 points and Chandler had 17 for the Knicks , who avoided their first four - game skid of the season .
David Lee had 12 points and 19 rebounds as all but nine points came from New York 's starters .
Tayshaun Prince had 23 points and 10 rebounds for the Pistons , who fell to 7 - 8 since Iverson 's debut with the team .
Iverson and Arron Afflalo each finished with 17 points for the Pistons , who are 11 - 3 on the other days of the week .
" I think we did a good job fighting back , but there 's no excuse for getting down that much so early , " Afflalo said .
" It 's not Xs and Os , it 's just purely effort and focus and understanding that this is the NBA .
You have to compete . "
Detroit played nearly the entire fourth quarter without Hamilton , who was thrown out of game at Madison Square Garden for the third time in four years .
He got a technical foul in the first half , then was called for another and ejected after appearing to give a little shove to Jared Jeffries after fouling him about a minute into the period .
The Pistons missed their first seven shots and were quickly down 10 - 0 .
The Knicks led 29 - 12 after one , their best defensive quarter of the season .
Duhon and Harrington made consecutive 3 - pointers as the lead ballooned to 58 - 29 with 3 ½ minutes remaining in the first half , and the Knicks took a 65 - 43 halftime lead .
It appeared reminiscent of their game here last Jan. 13 , when the Pistons sleepwalked through an 89 - 65 loss , barely avoiding the worst offensive night in their history .
This time they fought back in the second half , capitalizing on some sloppy play by the Knicks .
Detroit trailed 81 - 63 , then opened the fourth quarter with an 11 - 1 spurt to get within eight , the first time the deficit was in single digits since the game 's opening minutes .
Afflalo's four - point play made it 89 - 82 with 6:12 remaining and Prince 's bucket cut it to five .
The Pistons blew a chance to get closer with a poor possession , and Chandler 's 3 - pointer made it 94 - 86 with 3:38 to go .
The lead was six when Harrington nailed his 3 to put it away at 99 - 90 with 1:21 remaining .
The good news for Detroit is it expects to have Antonio McDyess back with the team sometime early in the week .
He is eligible to re-sign after waiting the mandatory 30 days following his trade to Denver in the deal for Iverson , but Curry said he was n't sure whether the power forward would be at practice Monday .
" We do n't know what to expect from him just yet , but obviously once he gets in game shape we know what he can bring to our team , " Prince said .
" But McDyess is not the answer .
Our energy , our level of play is the answer , so if we think that McDyess is going to come in and save us , he 's not .
We 've just got to continue to look at ourselves in the mirror and give each other our best effort and right now we 're not giving it . "
Game notes
The Knicks were without G Nate Robinson , who re-injured his strained groin in the loss to Atlanta on Friday .
...
The Knicks won for the first time in six games versus Central Division teams .
... Hamilton was ejected from a March 17 , 2006 , game for firing the ball to the opposite end of the court after an offensive foul call , hitting the top of the shot clock .
He was tossed again last March 7 after getting two techs for arguing a call late in the first half .
The appropriately titled Cadillac World Thorium Fuel or " WTF " has features you are not going to find anywhere else .
It runs on clean Thorium nuclear fuel and offers maintenance - free service for 100 years or more .
Advertisement
Advertisement
Not only that , each wheel is actually six individually powered wheels aligned side by side .
Now that 's an absurd level of redundancy you can trust .
Unfortunately , this car is only a concept by designer Loren Kulesus , but if you can hang around until the year 8000 or so , you just might be able to pick one up .
In the meantime , these pretty pictures will have to do .
[ Coroflot ]
THORNLEY , England , Jan. 19 ( UPI ) -- A British woman said she barricaded a repairman in the room with her broken washing machine because she felt there was " no other option . "
Tracey Fox , 42 , said the Jan. 13 incident at her Thornley , England , home came after she purchased the washing machine 10 months ago and requested a repairman from electrical retailer Currys five times after it ceased working in December , The Daily Telegraph reported Monday .
Advertisement
" It broke early December , but they told me that I would have to wait until after Christmas , " Fox said .
" When the man came round on the 13th … the machine still was n't working , and I asked when he would fix the other problems . "
" He said that I 'd have to pay for any repairs , even though the machine was still under warranty , and I might as well get a new one because the amount it would cost to fix it would be the same as buying another one , " she said .
Fox said she used her body to brace the laundry room door shut and told the worker that she would not let him out until the appliance was fixed .
The man called police and Fox said she allowed him to leave .
Fox , who is not facing any criminal charges , said Currys has since offered her a replacement washing machine .
" I 'm not proud of my actions , but I felt there was no other option , " she said .
" It sounds stupid thinking about it now , but it was the final straw . "
If the hundreds of millions of Google searches related to “ 2012 ” are any indication , the apocalyptic predictions and mystery surrounding the date December 21 , 2012 have captured public interest and created a legitimate culture of fear .
Now Roland Emmerich , the brains behind doomsday blockbusters like Independence Day and The Day After Tomorrow , is working on a new film titled 2012 , a $ 200 million project based on — you guessed it — the end of the world .
Set to open in July , this latest eco-disaster flick will underscore the increasing presence of 12/21/12 , the supposed “ end date ” of the Mayan calendar , in contemporary media .
In the midst of all the cataclysmic depictions in books and films , one is left feeling an anxious uncertainty .
What is fact and what is fiction ?
Where did this latest end - of - the - world date come from ?
What is the B.F.D. about a date just three years away ?
Such curiosity led me to purchase The Mystery of 2012 : Predictions , Prophecies & Possibilities ( 2007 ) when I came across it in a downtown Manhattan Barnes & Noble .
The book is a compilation of essays authored by people who do n’t necessarily endorse the idea that the world will meet an earth - quaking , volcano - erupting , asteroid - colliding , polar - shifting end on December 21 , 2012 ; but rather that humanity is on the brink of a great and much - needed paradigm shift in “ consciousness . ”
Offering their own perspectives , a variety of leading New Age authors provide much more optimistic though similarly bizarre predictions for 2012 and the speculated future of humanity .
While many essays are predictably rife with spacey New Age lingo and present some very hard - to - grasp “ meta ” ideas evocative of the documentary What the Bleep Do We Know !? ( 2004 ) , contributors like Gregg Braden and Robert K. Sitler are successful at explaining the fascinating complexities of the Mayan calendar — the origin of the 2012 prophecy .
The most important thing to know about the remarkable time - tracking system known as the Mesoamerican Long Count Calendar , is that nowhere amongst the glyphs does it say “ the world will end via ( insert preferred natural disaster here ) on 12/21/12 . ”
The Maya were amazingly skilled at tracking cycles in nature , and their calendar , which most experts believe started at a date that correlates with 3114 BC , reflects these cycles in an astonishingly harmonious way .
As you may have learned in astronomy class or in the beginning of the documentary Zeitgeist , the Movie ( 2007 ) , there ’s evidence showing that ancient peoples had knowledge of Earth ’s “ wobble ” movement known as precession .
Since one full 360 - degree cycle of precession takes approximately 26,000 years to complete and just one degree of “ wobble ” takes approximately 72 years to notice with the naked eye , it is truly remarkable the ancients were capable of even realizing the occurrence of this movement given their short life spans and limited technology .
To record the long periods of time associated with precession , the Mayans specified several durations of days , the longest being 144,000 days called a Baktun .
As Braden and Sitler explain , the first Baktun began in 3114 BC , the 13th Baktun , which we are currently in , will end on the winter solstice of 2012 .
What makes the ending of this Baktun different from the others is that the calendar seems to either end or restart at this point , although some evidence exists suggesting the Mayans recognized “ distant dates ” beyond the 13th Baktun .
Concurrently , in the precessional cycle , Earth ’s axis is gradually moving away from pointing towards the constellation Pisces , which it wo n’t do again for 26,000 years , and towards the constellation Aquarius .
( Hence the annoying lyric , “ This is the dawning of the Age of Aquarius … ” ) .
Since the movement into the sign is so gradual , it ’s hard to realistically specify the end of one and the beginning of another , but New Age extremists seem to feel 12/21/12 is the sudden start of the Aquarian Age and the moment at which humans will experience some sort of spiritual awakening .
Taking matters to a new level , New Age leaders such as Jose Arguelles , Daniel Pinchbeck and John Major Jenkins , who contributed essays to The Mystery of 2012 , have fused beliefs from Mayan mythology and pseudoscience to falsely conclude that the ecliptic of our solar system will align with the center of the Milky Way Galaxy on 12/21/12 .
This is just one of several ideas associated with Mayanism , a loosely defined belief system that , in its most far - fetched forms , links the ancient Maya with crystal skulls , the lost continent of Atlantis and extraterrestrial life .
Though Mayanism , which has heavily influenced aspects of the New Age movement , seems to offer a generally optimistic , uplifting outlook for 2012 compared to pop culture ’s increasingly ubiquitous doomsday scenarios , the promise of “ new dimensions of being ” on an exact date three years away seems like an equally outlandish concept to accept as plausible .
While ancient astronaut theories and other components of Mayanism provide grounds for great sci-fi , they are leading to many widespread misconceptions and unfortunate cinematic experiences like Indiana Jones : Kingdom of the Crystal Skull ( 2008 ) , in which an ancient Harrison Ford journeys to an even more ancient Mayan temple to reunite extraterrestrial skulls with supernatural powers .
In reality , the crystal skulls allegedly unearthed at several Central American locations were ruled a hoax by the Smithsonian and other archaeological organizations who found they were manufactured in the 20th century .
As theorists and extremist subgroups of the New Age movement continue to speculate about our future and 2012 disaster flicks continue to make Hollywood rich , all facts seem to show 12/21/12 will have the same fate as the dreaded Y2K .
Unsurprisingly , 2012 fever is being fueled simply by want of money and / or fame and is leading to a viral spread of unauthentic information .
While it ’s easy to see why the highly sophisticated astronomical knowledge coupled with the mysteriously sudden appearance and disappearance of their civilization is so captivating , all we can truthfully conclude about the ancient Maya is that they were extremely skilled at tracking time .
Moreover , all we truly know about what will go down on the winter solstice of 2012 is embodied by the symbol inscribed on the Mystery of 2012 ’s title page : a big grey question mark .
As airlines start charging passengers for blankets and drinks , a few are finally offering one on - board service that passengers wo n't mind paying for : broadband Internet access .
Aircell launched its " Gogo " service in August on 15 American Airlines flights between New York and L.A. , Miami and San Francisco .
The service costs $ 10 for flights less than three hours ; $ 13 for longer flights .
By the end of the year , Aircell plans to have equipped about 100 planes with its product , including all domestic flights operated by Delta - a contract to outfit Northwest 's fleet is pending - and Virgin America .
Right now Aircell is building up its network of ground cell towers so that it can outfit about 2,000 U.S. planes next year .
After that , Aircell will take on the world .
Also in the works : A partnership with a well - known satellite Internet provider , which will allow Aircell to deploy Gogo service on transatlantic flights .
In July , Aircell secured a $ 35 million loan facility , bringing its total debt and equity financing to $ 265 million .
" In a time when airlines have made a dark age of travel even darker , we 're in a great place , " says John Happ , who was appointed CEO of Aircell in April .
" Our opportunity right now - to provide this utility - is enormous . "
- Maggie Overfelt
NEXT : Aptera returns to the drawing board
Announcing dmigrations
The team at Global Radio ( formerly GCap Media ) is the largest group of Django developers I ’ve personally worked with , consisting of 14 developers split into two scrum teams , all contributing to the same overall codebase .
Working with that many developers makes smart tools and processes essential , and in some cases we ’ve had to develop our own .
Today , we ’re releasing one of them as an open source project .
dmigrations is a Django migrations tool .
It addresses a common problem in Django development : if you change a model after creating the database tables for it with syncdb , how do you reflect those changes in your database tables without blowing away your existing data and starting again from scratch ?
django - evolution attempts to address this problem the clever way , by detecting changes to models that are not yet reflected in the database schema and figuring out what needs to be done to bring the two back in sync .
In contrast , dmigrations takes the stupid approach : it requires you to explicitly state the changes in a sequence of migrations , which will be applied in turn to bring a database up to the most recent state that reflects the underlying models .
This means extra work for developers who create migrations , but it also makes the whole process completely transparent — for our projects , we decided to go with the simplest system that could possibly work .
The interface to dmigrations is a pair of custom Django commands .
The first , ./ manage .py dmigrate , provides a set of command for listing , applying and unapplying ( reverting ) migrations .
This entirely replaces Django ’s syncdb command .
The second , ./ manage .py dmigration , provides commands for code - generating new migrations .
It turns out that most migrations fit a set of common patterns : add a new table , add the tables for a new Django application , add a column to an existing table , add an index .
These common cases are handled by dmigration ; if you want to do something more complex ( rename a column while transforming its data for example ) you ’ll need to write a custom migration class .
The dmigrations tutorial provides a full introduction to both of these commands , as well as hints on writing your own custom migrations .
Since migrations are just classes , one of our hopes is that external developers will write extra migration classes for operations like “ rename column ” — things that currently require a one - off custom migration .
dmigrations is actually the third iteration of our in - house migrations system .
The first , smigrations , was designed to do the least amount of work possible to give us a controlled way of applying changes to our database schemas .
The ’s ’ stood for ’ simple ’ .
The second version ( dmigrations ) written by Tomasz Wegrzanowski consisted of a major upgrade to smigrations that addressed many of the frustrations we found when using it with branched development , in particular the problem of migrations in two branches conflicting with each other .
The ’ d ’ stood for ’ distributed ’ .
Version three , released today , is my refactoring of dmigrations to de-couple it from the rest of our codebase .
I ’ve also stubbed out hooks for adding support for alternative database engines ; dmigrations only supports MySQL out of the box , but I ’m keen on getting it working with other databases now that it ’s out in the wild .
Patches welcome !
How does this fit in with South and django - evolution ?
That ’s an excellent question .
We ’ll be discussing all three systems on the schema evolution panel at DjangoCon this weekend .
I would love to see co-operation between the projects ; at the very least I ’d like to see the emergence of a standard Django - style abstraction library for create / alter table statements ( something we punted on entirely with dmigrations ) .
You ’ll certainly be hearing a lot more about migrations in Django after the conference .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
The Magazine answers ...
Karolina Kurkova 's belly indentation
Enlarge Image
Underwear model Karolina Kurkova has no belly button .
Is a barely - there navel for cosmetic or medical reasons ?
The newspapers call it the " riddle of the £ 2.5 m beauty " .
The beauty in question is Czech supermodel Karolina Kurkova .
The riddle is her non-existent belly button .
Its absence was noticed this week when the 24 - year - old graced a US catwalk for lingerie giant Victoria Secret .
While most of us have an " outie " or an " innie " , Ms Kurkova has a smooth indentation ( although sometimes a tummy button is airbrushed onto her photos in post- production ) .
Otherwise known as a navel , the belly button is the rounded , knotty depression in the centre of the abdomen caused by the detachment of the umbilical cord that fed you while in the womb .
We all have umbilical cords , so why do n't we all have a belly button ?
Ms Kurkova has not spoken publicly about how she came to have a smooth navel , and all her agent will say is " she 's not an alien " .
THE ANSWER
May be result of abdominal operation in infancy
Or umbilical cord left to detach naturally Adults may have artificial navel after stomach surgery , or cosmetic reshaping But Karolina Kurkova is not saying Some have no belly button as a result of the surgery needed to correct abdominal problems at birth , often either an umbilical hernia , or a condition known as gastroschisis - born with the stomach and intestines poking through a hole in the abdominal wall .
This is what happened to Rob Swainson , 26 , of Bournemouth , who spent his very first hours in surgery to rectify this unfortunate mistake of anatomy .
As a result , he has a cross - shaped scar in the middle of his tummy instead of a belly button .
" I thought about having one constructed when I was getting interested in girls , but not for long , " he says , adding that people are more surprised by his scar than his lack of a navel .
" You only have to look at Michael Jackson to realise it 's probably best to live with what you 've got . "
And while it is standard practice to clamp , cut , then seal a newborn 's umbilical cord to prevent infection , in lotus births - or umbilical non-severance births - the cord and placenta are left to drop off naturally .
" But that 's not at all common in this country , and there 's always still something there to show where the cord was attached , " says a Royal College of Midwives spokesman .
Cosmetic surgery Adults , too , may lose their navel after stomach surgery or having skin grafts taken from their tummy .
Some may have an artificial belly button made .
WHO , WHAT , WHY ?
A regular feature in the BBC News Magazine - aiming to answer some of the questions behind the headlines
And thanks to the trend for midriff - baring tops , cosmetic surgeons have developed an operation called an umbilicoplasty for those who want a more aesthetically pleasing navel .
Most procedures involve transforming an outie to an innie , or resizing a large or lop - sided innie to be less obvious .
Rajiv Grover , a consultant plastic surgeon and secretary of Baaps ( British Association of Aesthetic Plastic Sugeons ) , says it is rare to do this for cosmetic reasons alone , as over time the scar pulls and tightens .
However , there are certain procedures during which a new navel may be fashioned .
" The two main reasons are , one , they 've developed a small hernia - a weakness in the abdominal wall - which needs removing ; or two , as part of a tummy tuck .
This involves pulling down the extra skin and fat , and to do this the surgeon must cut the belly button free from the muscles underneath , and make and reattach a new one once the loose skin is pulled taut . "
Ms Kurkova 's lack of navel does n't seem to be hindering her career .
Forbes magazine ranked her as the eighth highest paid model in the world last year , with estimated annual earnings of over £ 2 m .
What she 's got is far more eye - catching than what she has n't .
Below is a selection of your comments .
I too was short - changed a navel at birth ; although to this day I have no idea why .
I suspect being born three months premature via caesarean section may have meant the tissue was pliable enough to gently set into a mild indentation .
Any doctors out there who can confirm ?
I used to tell people I was grown in a vat ...
Still , no belly - button fluff .
Riv , High Wycombe
I lost my belly button after abdominal surgery five years ago .
I 've found it very useful on training session icebreakers when we are asked for an unusual fact about ourselves , although I often have to prove it .
Darren Jalland , Larbert , Scotland I have exactly the same sort of smooth indentation .
It 's the result of a repair of an umbilical hernia when I was two years old , 65 years ago .
For many years now this operation , if done in the UK , would be completed with a cosmetic belly button .
Perhaps
The Czech republic had n't caught up with the modern technique 24 years ago .
These days very few UK children would have this operation done at all as it is now realised that most childhood umbilical hernias correct themselves by the age of three or four .
Maureen , Birmingham Sixty years ago I was house - surgeon to a London surgeon , a real Lancelot Spratt character .
He thought the umbilicus was a nasty dirty place and when operating on anyone 's abdomen he would , without permission or consultation , cut it out .
My job was to invent some story to tell the patient why it had been necessary .
How times have changed .
Bill Hunt I too have no belly button , the result of an umbilical hernia operation at the age of two .
I have a long scar across my stomach , which meant I felt self - conscious wearing a bikini in my teens .
I believe this operation is now performed with keyhole surgery leaving minimal scarring .
Sarah W , Bournemouth , England British heptathlete Kelly Sotherton Kelly Sotherton , the heptathlete , has a " smoothie " too .
James , Leamington
How the umbilical cord is treated at birth always affects the cosmetic appearance of the umbilicus or tummy button .
Long ago in a normal delivery it was the practise to allow the placenta to stay attached , unless the baby 's blood group was different to the mother's .
How it is treated after birth varies country to country and health service to health service over history .
With the advent of sterile plastic clamps , the neat way they were tied before was not allowed as the clamp had to come from a sterilized delivery pack of necessities .
This gave a different effect and one could not continue to treat it by retying .
There is much more but suffice to say , it is not the person 's make - up , or the midwife 's fault , or the babies ' ( though parents can stop babies from crying and coughing or eating too much too soon , as excess protrudes the area ) .
Deena Mary Jones , Bromsgrove
My dogs have no belly buttons , because their mothers gently chewed the wound from the umbilical chord , and licked them while they were healing .
She continued doing so until there was virtually no scar from birth
Conor , Dublin I am currently working on masters degree in chiropractic .
Anatomy is a major part of the course .
In the early embryo , the gut actually goes straight through .
Differential growth then causes all the folding and rearrangement of the abdominal organs .
For quite a while , the umbilicus is relatively large and the gut actually folds into it .
As the embryo / foetus grows the umbilicus gets relatively smaller and the gut is pushed into the abdomen .
In some cases the gut can get trapped on the outside needing surgery after birth .
David Elliott , Derby and Pontypridd A lot of premature babies have no or small belly buttons , we call my son's a belly - popper as it looks more like a press stud .
Jon , Oxford
My husband is 37 and he had an umbilical hernia for most of his life , which meant he had no naval because of it .
But due to medical reasons he had the hernia removed and now has a belly button which was reconstructed from the tissue left behind .
Jo Thomas , Preston
My cousin has no belly button as his body was attached directly to the wall of his mum's womb during development .
No umbilical cord developed but he is fine , he has a line where we have a belly button .
Sam , London , UK
My husband ( who may wish to remain nameless ) also has a smooth indentation instead of a typical belly button .
This is because his mother was a midwife and her colleagues " did a good job on him " apparently .
Proud Wife , Leeds , UK I put my lack of belly button down to a very precise knot , tied by a perfectionist midwife .
Not the experience I had with aliens .
James , Glasgow Karolina Kurkova does have a belly button .
If you look on her own website , there is a picture of her wearing just a bra and pants and she has a very normal navel .
Either it 's been airbrushed in or airbrushed out in the other photo .
David , Reading , UK
My nephew was born with gastroghesis , a condition that meant all his internal organs are developed outside the body instead of inside .
When he was born they operated , and now he is fine , although instead of a belly button , he has a large scar running from one side of him to the other .
We call it his smiley belly .
Terence Turner , Chelmsford , Essex I used to have a boyfriend with a dent of a bellybutton just like Karolina .
He joked that it was because he had been made , not born , but I never found out the real reason .
Amy A childhood friend of mine had no belly button as she was born as a conjoined twin , her brother had a belly button , but she did not .
Colin Leadbeatter , London , United Kingdom Sorry Colin , but I think your friend was having you on - conjoined twins are always the same sex , so your friend must lack a belly button for some other reason .
Jan , Redditch , Worcs
My mother had no belly button after an operation in her 30s for umbilical hernia .
She was left with a scar across her tummy with a small lump at either end and slight indentation in the middle .
My father used to say it was her zip fastener for future operations .
I reckon that would be a very good idea to save being cut open next time and merely need zipping up afterwards , it would also save the surgeons a lot of time and trouble .
Marilyn Minnikin , Keighley , Yorkshire , England Adam and Eve did n't have belly buttons either .
Edward , London I think people with scars or interesting bodies are far more beautiful than supposed perfect ones .
There 's something lovely about getting to know someone 's body for the first time , and growing to love it , warts and all .
Scars and oddities can be lovely in themselves , for the story they tell about the person bearing them .
Jen , York I was impressed by the fact that this " navel - gazing " story appeared on World Philosophy Day !
Rebecca H , Sunny Eastbourne
So there 's a global economic crisis , and you 're trying to distract us about whether some poor girl has a navel or not .
Look , she 's drop dead gorgeous !
Get over it .
Concentrate on the important stuff .
Peter , Blackpool Lancashire Peter , this article is a fun read .
Not only that , it was informative , you learn something new everyday .
" Stuff " like this is important , we do n't all slouch around looking for doom and gloom - get out more .
Tina , Blackpool , Lancashire
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Language and Program Design for Functional Dependencies
Language and Program Design for Functional Dependencies
Abstract :
Eight years ago , functional dependencies , a concept from the theory of relational databases , were proposed as a mechanism for avoiding common problems with multiple parameter type classes in Haskell .
In this context , functional dependencies give programmers a means to specify the semantics of a type class more precisely , and to obtain more accurate inferred types as a result .
As time passed , however , several issues were uncovered --- both in the design of a language to support functional dependencies , and in the ways that programmers use them --- that led some to search for new , better alternatives .
This paper focusses on two related aspects of design for functional dependencies : ( i ) the design of language / type system extensions that implement them ; and ( ii ) the design of programs that use them .
Our goal is to clarify the issues of what functional dependencies are , how they should be used , and how the problems encountered with initial proposals and implementations can be addressed .
Entre los arrestados está un ex policía de Nuevo León .
Elementos del Ejército detuvieron ayer a seis presuntos integrantes de una banda de secuestradores y traficantes de droga que operaban en la zona conurbada de La Laguna y la vincularon con la organización delictiva de Joaquín “ El Chapo ” Guzmán .
Tres de los seis detenidos ya habían estado en prisión en otras ocasiones , pero habían recuperado su libertad .
Uno de ellos incluso se desempeñaba como policía municipal en Apodaca , Nuevo León .
La detención se registró a las 4:30 de la madrugada de ayer en la población de Nazareno , del municipio de Lerdo .
La captura se logró tras recibir una llamada anónima en el C - 4 de Gómez Palacio , denunciándose la presencia de personas armadas .
En el operativo los militares aseguraron armas , droga y dos vehículos , así como equipo de comunicación , ropa militar y dos placas apócrifas de agentes preventivos de Ciudad Lerdo .
Los detenidos presentados por el Ejército son : Daniel Facundo Zermeño , alias “ El Dany ” de 21 años ; Juan Gabriel Ibarra Saucedo , de 32 años , y Juan Manuel Hernández Reyes , alias “ El Cholo ” , de 25 años .
También fueron presentados Édgar Armando Chavarría Tamayo , de 22 años ; Ana Rosa Delgado Guerrero , de 37 años , y José Ángel Rodríguez Méndez , de 22 años .
Los detenidos fueron acusados de secuestro y narcotráfico .
“ Este personal es integrante de la banda de ( Joaquín ) ‘ El Chapo ’ Guzmán , teniendo su sede en Gómez Palacio , Torreón y Lerdo ” , dijo el coronel Hernán Lagunas , comandante del 72 Batallón de Infantería del Ejército , que realizó la detención .
“ Son personas que realmente le han ocasionado muchos problemas a la región ” , añadió .
De acuerdo a datos de la Procuraduría General de la República ( PGR ) al menos tres de los detenidos ya habían sido arrestados en otras ocasiones .
Por ejemplo , Ibarra Saucedo , quien se desempeñaba como agente de la Policía Municipal de Apodaca , Nuevo León , fue detenido junto a otros agentes por el Ejército en octubre de 2008 , pero luego quedó en libertad .
Delgado Guerrero , alias “ La Ana ” , fue detenida en 2005 por la PGR en Torreón por la venta de drogas , pero también recuperó su libertad .
Daniel Facundo fue detenido en noviembre de 2008 , tras herir a su pareja sentimental con un revólver , calibre 38 especial , pero también recuperó la libertad por no haber denuncia .
En el operativo realizado por el Ejército se decomisaron siete armas , entre éstas una llamada “ cuerno de chivo ” y 120 cartuchos de diverso calibre , y más de 2.6 kilos de marihuana .
The woman who gave birth to octuplets this week already has six young children and never expected that the fertility treatment she received would result in eight more babies , her mother said Thursday .
The woman , who has not been publicly identified , had embryos implanted last year , and “ they all happened to take , ” Angela Suleman said , leading to the eight births Monday .
“ I looked at those babies .
They are so tiny and so beautiful . ”
She acknowledged that raising 14 children is a daunting prospect .
“ It ’s going to be difficult , ” Suleman added , noting that her daughter ’s father is going back to Iraq , where neighbors said he worked as a contractor , to help support the expanded family .
Advertisement
The mother of the octuplets lives on a well - kept cul - de-sac in Whittier , where more than a dozen reporters and camera crews descended Thursday .
Neighbors said she and her six children -- ages 7 , 6 , 5 , 3 and 2 - year - old twins -- live there with her mother .
Her marital status is unknown .
Family members did not answer the door , but when a reporter called the home asking for Suleman , she spoke briefly .
According to her account , when her daughter discovered that she was expecting multiple babies , doctors gave her the option of selectively reducing the number of embryos , but she declined .
“ What do you suggest she should have done ?
She refused to have them killed , ” Suleman said as the sound of children could be heard in the background .
“ That is a very painful thing . ”
Advertisement
The information about the family came amid growing questions about the medical ethics of the case and how the woman came to carry eight babies to term .
Although the successful births at Kaiser Permanente Medical Center in Bellflower have received worldwide attention , they also have prompted disapproval from some medical ethicists and fertility specialists , who argue that high - number multiple births endanger the mother and also frequently lead to long - term health and developmental problems for the children .
Under the guidelines of the American Society for Reproductive Medicine , U.S. doctors normally would not implant more than two embryos at a time in a woman under the age of 35 .
After that age it is more difficult to become pregnant .
The mother of the octuplets is believed to be 33 , based on available public records .
The doctors who delivered the babies held a news conference Thursday in which they were peppered with questions about how the hospital handled the woman ’s pregnancy .
Advertisement
Hospital officials said the woman came to Kaiser already in her 12th week of pregnancy .
They did not say where she received the fertility treatment .
Dr. Harold Henry , a member of the delivery team , said doctors counseled her regarding the options and risks -- among them aborting some of the fetuses .
“ Our goal is to provide the best possible care , no matter what the situation or circumstances are , ” Henry said .
“ What I do is just explain the facts .
I always talk about the risks .
The mother weighs those options , and she chooses the option based on spiritual or personal makeup . ”
Henry said the eight children would “ require quite a bit of resources .
You need many diapers , bottles , car seats , food -- quite a bit . ”
Advertisement
Doctors , nurses and other medical personnel had planned for the births for months .
They were expecting to deliver seven babies but discovered the eighth during delivery .
It took only five minutes to deliver all eight by Caesarean section .
The births marked only the second time that octuplets had been successfully delivered in the United States .
At the news conference , Dr. Karen Maples read a statement from the mother in which she thanked the Kaiser staff for its help and support .
“ We understand that you are all curious about the arrival of the octuplets , and we appreciate your respect for our family ’s privacy .
Please know in our own time , we will share additional details about this miraculous experience , ” the statement said .
Advertisement
“ The babies continue to grow strong every day and make good progress .
My family and I are ecstatic about their arrival .
Needless to say , the eighth was a surprise to us all , but a blessing as well . ”
“ We thank all of you for the positive thoughts , prayers and generosity . ”
Already , Kaiser officials said , the mother is receiving gift baskets , sealed envelopes and flowers .
--
Advertisement
jessica.garrison@latimes.com
andrew.blankstein@latimes.com
jeff.gottlieb@latimes.com
-
Advertisement
Times staff writers Esmeralda Bermudez , Janet Lundblad , Sam Quinones , Richard Winton and Alan Zarembo contributed to this report .
" You have n't got any record , this is a great shock to me , " he said .
" It is like an academic writing an article and destroying all the research material .
That 's horrific is n't it ? "
PALMDALE , Calif . --
A woman driving a stolen U - haul truck led law enforcement officers on a chase Wednesday that began in Littlerock , wound through downtown Los Angeles and ended after a short foot chase in Oxnard about two hours later .
The pursuit began on the southbound Antelope Valley ( 14 ) Freeway at Crown Valley about 3:15 p.m. , when sheriff 's deputies spotted the vehicle in Newhall , realized it was reported stolen and tried to make a stop , said California Highway Patrol Officer Jose Nunez .
The truck entered Ventura County at about 5 p.m .
The driver avoided a set of spike strips by crossing a grass median and driving north in the southbound lanes .
At 5:15 p.m. , the woman was swerving the vehicle back and forth , possibly to slosh the remaining fuel in the tank .
When the truck stopped , she got out and ran and tried to jump in a car , but the driver pulled away .
The woman ran again , but was quickly tackled by a CHP officer .
The U - Haul was stolen in Littlerock in the high desert , according to a broadcast report .
Sheriff 's deputies happened to be in the area checking on an unrelated car theft when she took the vehicle , which had keys in it .
But the pursuit did not begin until after she had gotten to the southbound Antelope Valley Freeway , officials said .
At times , the driver -- a blonde woman in a white tank top -- weaved through traffic and drove across medians .
The woman drove south on the Golden State ( 5 ) Freeway , wound through the Westlake area , then circled around some downtown freeways .
She traveled through the East Los Angeles interchange twice before heading west on the Santa Monica ( 10 ) Freeway .
The woman appeared to be nonchalant as she looked into her purse for a lighter and began smoking a cigarette .
At another point she began stretching her legs and moving around , as if she were bouncing up and down to music .
Once she got to Pacific Coast Highway , she often drove against traffic in the 8,000 - pound vehicle not known for its maneuverability or stability , heading toward Ventura County .
If the president - elect engages with Hamas it would cause him all kinds of problems , warns Middle East expert Aaron David Miller
Like most cabinet nominees , Mrs. Clinton was short on policy specifics .
She affirmed the incoming administration ’s intention to increase diplomatic contacts with both Iran and Syria ( a major change from the Bush administration and some of her own previous positions ) .
Still , she offered no details on what diplomatic incentives Mr. Obama would offer to try to wean Tehran from its nuclear ambitions ; nor did she say what new pressure might be brought to bear should that fail beyond repeating the mantra that no options are off the table .
After weeks in which Mr. Obama largely refused to comment on the war in Gaza , Mrs. Clinton struck a different  and welcome  tone from the Bush administration , emphasizing the “ tragic humanitarian costs ” of the conflict in which more than 900 Gaza residents and 13 Israelis have died .
She declared a firm commitment to an Israeli - Palestinian peace settlement with a two - state solution , but there were no specifics .
There is less than a week before Inauguration Day , and until there is a cease - fire , there is no hope of reviving negotiations .
The hearing featured the usual senatorial preening with committee members heaping praise on Mrs. Clinton  and vice versa .
We hope the pledges to work together in the national interest have real staying power .
Even as he expressed enthusiastic support for Mrs. Clinton , Senator Richard Lugar , the panel ’s ranking Republican , raised thoughtful and serious questions about former President Bill Clinton ’s charitable activities .
The “ core of the problem , ” he warned , is that foreign governments and others “ may perceive the Clinton Foundation as a means to gain favor with the secretary of state . ”
He rightly called for steps to make Mr. Clinton ’s fund - raising activities more transparent and to strengthen the oversight process that the former president has agreed to .
Loves cheese , well - allocated .
People are starting to think more about saving -- and investing -- than spending , which is perhaps the sole upside to the market turmoil .
Being an investing geek has become much more socially acceptable , and companies are taking notice .
In the last few weeks , several start - ups and familiar names have added , changed ...
The executive branch may conduct warrantless surveillance in the name of national security , according to a decision by the secretive Foreign Intelligence Court of Review published Thursday .
The decision , handed down in August , but published in redacted form this week , blessed surveillance under the stopgap Protect America Act , which was superseded last year by the FISA Amendments Act .
Like the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Court , which issues secret warrants for both physical searches and electronic surveillance under the FISA law , the Foreign Intelligence Court of Review seldom makes its opinions public .
In an order dated January 12 , however , the Court found the release of an edited , unclassified version of its August opinion to be in the public interest .
The ruling concerns a challenge to surveillance authorized by the attorney general under the PAA .
Though the party raising the challenge is not named — the opinion refers only to the " petitioner " — it is likely to be either a telecom or an Internet Service Provider , in principle , however , any entity with information about a target " reasonably believed to be located outside the United States , " such as a university or financial institution .
Under the terms of the PAA , the attorney general is empowered to issue " authorizations " for surveillance that has traditionally required a court order issued by an independent magistrate .
For the first time , the Court explicitly asserted an exception to the Fourth Amendment 's warrant requirement for foreign intelligence surveillance meant to serve a national security purpose .
While federal courts have previously held that no such exception exists for domestic national security surveillance , the courts had left a conspicuous lacuna with respect to foreign intelligence surveillance .
The FISC does not , however , devote much space in the published opinion to explaining the salient differences between these types of surveillance — a strange omission given that both the PAA and FISA Amendments
Act were designed to permit the interception of foreign targets ' communications with Americans .
Though the anonymous petitioner had sought to mount a " facial " challenge to the PAA — that is , they had hoped to show the law to be intrinsically unconstitutional — the Court opted to consider only an " as applied " challenge , limiting itself to the facts of the specific orders issued .
As the opinion shows , this had the effect of saddling the petitioner with a rather high burden of showing actual abuse — as opposed to the mere potential for the sort of abuse that has been historically endemic when intelligence agencies operated without judicial checks .
Dismissing such structural concerns , the Court observes that the petitioner offered " no evidence of any actual harm , any egregious risk of error , or any broad potential for abuse in the circumstances of the instant case . "
Citing the safeguards and minimization procedures contained in the PAA and Executive order 12333 — as well as other procedures whose very description was redacted — the Court found that there was " constitutionally sufficient compensation for any encroachments , " allowing the surveillance to meet the Fourth Amendment requirement of " reasonableness , " even in the absence of a judicial warrant .
These procedures included a determination by the attorney general that there was probable cause to believe the target of surveillance was an agent of a foreign power , supported by a " two - to - three page submission articulating the facts " provided by the National Security Agency , and supplemented by an oral briefing .
Taken together , these procedures were " analogous to and in conformity with the particularity showing " required by Courts ' previous holdings .
" Little more than a lament ... "
Concerns about abuse , the court held , amounted to " little more than a lament about the risk that government officials will not operate in good faith , " a risk present even when a warrant is issued .
In effect , the court reasoned that since judges generally presume that law enforcement officials are being diligent and truthful in their applications for a warrant , the same presumption should be granted when intelligence agencies conduct surveillance without a warrant .
Whether a radically different context of oversight might merit a different level of deference gets glossed .
The court seemed similarly unconcerned with the danger that innocent persons ' information would be swept up in surveillance , calling such worries " overblown " in the light of " minimization " procedures designed to cull away any such " incidental " collections .
" The government assures us that it does not maintain a database of incidentally collected information from non-targeted United States persons , " the Court wrote , " and there is no evidence to the contrary . "
The specific use of the term " database " there should give pause : the government has asserted that it does not keep a database of conversations of innocent Americans , not that it does n't keep the conversations .
This may sound like hairsplitting , unless you realize that " minimization " of FISA intercepts has not traditionally required the deletion of the recording .
Rather , a standard practice dating back to 1984 — and continuing until at least 2002 — has been to simply exclude the irrelevant , " minimized , " portions of an intercept from the index or log maintained by an agency .
In 1984 , content that had not been indexed was effectively irretrievable .
In 2009 , thanks to advances in text and voice search technology , that is less likely to hold true .
In a 2003 case involving FISA surveillance , US v. Sattar , the record shows that " approximately 5,175 pertinent voice calls ... were not minimized " in the course of wiretaps conducted by the Federal Bureau of Investigation .
But during the criminal trial against the targets of that surveillance , the FBI was faced with a legal obligation of disclosure :
It had to turn over any material obtained in the course of their investigation that might be potentially exculpatory .
When push came to shove , the Bureau " retrieved and disclosed to the defendants over 85,000 audio files … obtained through FISA surveillance , " or more than 16 times as much material as had been officially kept in a " database . "
Perhaps most intriguing — or , depending on your point of view , maddening — is a summary of a redacted portion of the opinion dealing with a " specific privacy concern that could possibly arise under the directives . "
Details of this specific concern have , alas , been excised , apart from the assurance that " no issue falling within this description has arisen to date , " and that " there are safeguards in place that may meet the reasonableness standard " to cover the problem in question .
The ruling , it should be noted , does not serve to validate the program of warrantless NSA wiretaps authorized by President Bush in the wake of the 9/11 attacks , which apart from Fourth Amendment concerns clearly contravened that Foreign Intelligence Surveillance
Act as it existed at the time .
Neither is it clear whether that program contained any of the safeguards the Court relied on to find the surveillance , in this case , " reasonable . "
Given that the Protect America
Act featured even fewer restrictions and checks than the now - operative FISA Amendments
Act , however , the ruling may bode ill for a lawsuit filed in September by the Electronic Frontier Foundation , which challenges the constitutionality of the more recent statute .
We 've been on the trail of the Verizon Hub since way back when it was called the Verizon One , in fact , but it 's just been officially announced , and there are plenty of details to report now .
The system boasts a 7 - inch touchscreen display , and will work with Verizon wireless subscribers handset (s ) to eliminate the need for a landline ( people still have those ! ? )
The idea here is that the hub can sync to your calendar , contacts , maps , traffic and weather reports via broadband .
It can also send and receive text messages , and do all kinds of cute little tasks like send driving directions to your phone .
Subscribers have to live in an E911 - capable area , and will be able to bring any phone number with them if they want to sign up for new service .
The hardware 's going to cost $ 200 ( after a $ 50 mail - in rebate ) with a subscription fee of $ 35 per month -- which comes with unlimited minutes and texts to and from the device .
It 'll be available starting February 1st .
Get ready .
[ Via Phone Scoop
BANGKOK ( Reuters ) - A maverick Thai general who has threatened to bomb anti-government protesters and drop snakes on them from helicopters has been reassigned as an aerobics teacher , the Bangkok Post said on Friday .
Major - general Khattiya Sawasdipol , a Rambo - esque anti-communist fighter more commonly known as Seh Daeng , reacted with disappointment to his new role as a military instructor promoting public fitness at marketplaces .
“ It is ridiculous to send me , a warrior , to dance at markets , ” he said , before launching an attack on his boss , army chief Anupong Paochinda .
“ The army chief wants me to be a presenter leading aerobics dancers .
I have prepared one dance .
It ’s called the ‘ throwing - a - hand - grenade ’ dance , ” he said .
Seh Daeng is something of a folk hero in Thailand on account of his reputed undercover exploits in Cambodia and Laos during the Cold War .
His predictions of grenade attacks against People ’s Alliance for Democracy ( PAD ) protesters occupying Government House made headlines last month , especially when they turned out to be correct .
One protester was killed and 23 wounded by a grenade blast on Thursday .
Seh Daeng has denied any involvement .
i am not simon metz .
i am not moe berg .
however , i am probably tired as you read this .
Intel has cut prices for some of its chips by a substantial amount .
With reductions of up 48 percent , the company Sunday cut prices of its Core 2 Quad , Core 2 Duo , Pentium dual - core , Celeron and Xeon chips .
Check out the table below for the full list of cuts .
Processor Old Price New Price Percentage Decrease Celeron Mobile 570 $ 134 $ 70 48 % Core 2 Quad Q9650 $ 530 $ 316 40 % Xeon X3370 $ 530 $ 316 40 % Celeron Mobile 585 $ 107 $ 70 35 % Celeron Mobile 560 $ 107 $ 70 35 % Pentium Dual Core E5200 $ 82 $ 64 24 % Core 2 Quad Q9400 $ 266 $ 213 20 % Celeron Mobile 540 $ 86 $ 70 19 % Celeron Mobile 530 $ 86 $ 70 19 % Celeron Dual Core ( Desktop ) E1400 $ 53 $ 43 19 % Core 2 Quad Q8300 $ 224 $ 183 18 % Core 2 Qaud Q9550 $ 316 $ 266 16 % Core 2 Quad Q8200 $ 193 $ 163 16 % Xeon X3360 $ 316 $ 266 16 % Xeon X3350 $ 316 $ 266 16 % Xeon X3330 $ 266 $ 244 16 % Core 2 Duo E7300 $ 133 $ 113 15 % Pentium Dual Core E5300 $ 86 $ 74 14 % Pentium Dual Core E2220 $ 74 $ 64 14 % Core 2 Duo Mobile P8600 $ 241 $ 209 13 %
It ’ll be interesting to see how AMD will react to this news .
With cuts to the Q9400 , and Q8300 , it does n’t look like the company will have much choice to drop its prices and try to match the competition .
* All prices per unit are per block of 1,000 .
On Jan 19th at 9 AM GLBT Atlanta is organizing a demonstration in front of the Ebenezer Baptist Church where Martin Luther King Jr. delivered his famous dream speech .
The protest is targeted at The King Center which chose the speaker for the church .
The protest will be at the corner of Auburn Ave and Jackson St , the front entrance of Ebenezer Baptist Church , starting at 9:00 a.m.
Staging and coordination will begin a half hour earlier , 8:30 a.m. , one block south at Edgewood Ave and Jackson St .
Protesters are encouraged to wear black shirts as a unifying color .
Before the event , please e-mail us at info@glbtatl.org .
On January 19 , if you have trouble finding your way to the event or need other assistance or information , you can reach us by telephone at 888 - GLBT - ATL ( 888-452-8285 ) .
Male monarch butterflies conduct an all - out sperm war based on a crude measure of how much sperm is stored inside a female from a previous mating ( Image : Stock.xchng )
BUTTERFLY sex is not as elegant an affair as you might think .
It seems that male monarch butterflies conduct an all - out sperm war based on a crude measure of how much sperm is stored inside a female from a previous mating .
During sex the males physically restrain the females for an entire day while injecting them with a fluid which contains fertile sperm as well as seemingly functionless cells without nuclei .
Michelle …
M - Lab provides the largest collection of open Internet performance data on the planet .
As a consortium of research , industry , and public - interest partners , M - Lab is dedicated to providing an ecosystem for the open , verifiable measurement of global network performance .
Real science requires verifiable processes , and M - Lab welcomes scientific collaboration and scrutiny .
This is why all of the data collected by M - Lab ’s global measurement platform are made openly available , and all of the measurement tools hosted by M - Lab are open source .
Anyone with time and skill can review and improve the underlying methodologies and assumptions on which M - Lab ’s platform , tools , and data rely .
Transparency and review are key to good science , and good science is key to good measurement .
Read more
In what will probably be the biggest change to Eve Online in the past three years , developer “ CCP Whisper ” has announced some details about how the new wormhole system will work .
The wormholes will be added in the upcoming March expansion , which is timed to coincide with Atari ’s boxed release .
Whisper says : “ These wormholes are unstable and will spawn and vanish randomly throughout the known universe .
A pilot who stumbles across one of these stellar phenomena can fly through it and travel to unknown space , where there are no stargates or stations , just the unexplored void of a new solar system .
And when I say “ new solar system ” that is exactly what I mean .
It will not be moving you to instanced space but rather to one of the thousands of new solar systems we will be adding to the EVE universe . ”
Lots more after the jump .
Whisper continues : “ Wormholes will shift all the time .
They will open and close and reopen at random locations throughout New Eden and thus present you with an ever - changing area of space that no - one can control all the choke - points to .
While it is theoretically possible to move a control tower into wormhole space , set it up and maintain it , the logistical challenge and risks of fueling and defending a tower in a system with no permanent links to known space would be considerable .
But then again the potential rewards are equally great . ”
This is hugely exciting because it essentially addresses the disappoint we faced over the original exploration mechanism , which did little more than spawn new missions .
This will be “ real ” exploration , that offers something like the venture into the unknown that we want from such exploits , quite unlike the those that are possible in the teeming Eve universe at present .
The idea of getting a gang together not simply to rove about looking for targets , or to run a mission , but to actually go into unknown space , is thrilling .
And if that new space is 46 % the size of Eve ’s current galaxy then we face no shortage of places to head off to .
If the wormholes do shift this radically it could mean that players get trapped for a time , or find themselves coming back out in some hostile part of space .
I should think people will try to deploy towers out there , too , which will be a massive new challenge .
Without the super - easy logisitcal support of capital jump - drive ships getting back and forth to these wormhole system becomes a fresh puzzle .
It should n’t , Whisper thinks , be supportable to expand Empires into these new regions , but folks will try .
“ One important point needs to be made : Wormhole space will not be able to be claimed as sovereign space .
This is partly due to current implementation restrictions regarding how we added 46 % more solar systems to EVE but mainly because we wanted to design an area of space which , while risky to travel through , is open to all players all the time .
We have not forgotten about the desirability of space for colonisation , and will be looking at ways to implement that gameplay feature in the future . ”
All this is clearly great news for people who wanted Eve to have some other dimension of exploration and PvE , but it also suggests some strange possibilities for PvP : will wormhole roaming to pick off explorers and industrial corps become the new frontier for PvPers ?
What kind of gang would you have to taken into the wormhole ?
It ’s clear that if this is a popular system then certain wormhole systems will rapidly become well - trafficked , with multiple gangs entering the systems and probably fighting over the resources .
So this announcement clearly raises more questions that it answers , but it suddenly makes the coming expansion all the more interesting , and threatening to revitalise Eve ’s low - end of solo or small - group play .
I ca n’t wait to see it in more detail .
The HHS provider conscience expansion is just one example of an insidious effort by religious right groups to tip the balance away from patient access to care and toward conscience exemptions without consequences .
Today , in a last gasp action of the Bush Administration the Department
of Health and Human Services ( HHS ) published regulations dramatically
expanding the right of health care workers to refuse to provide
services , information and referrals to patients seeking procedures ,
prescriptions or other forms of care deemed by the provider as
“ objectionable . ”
Through ambiguous language , the regulations could
deeply undermine long - established principles of medical ethics and
responsibility by , for example , allowing providers to conflate widely
used contraceptive devices , such as birth control pills and
intra - uterine devices , with abortion .
Even by individuals and
institutions receiving federal funding to provide medical care .
Last spring , Congress reauthorized the U.S. Global AIDS Act ,
with a budget of $ 50 billion through 2013 .
The act included an
expanded “ conscience clause ” that allows organizations with “ moral or
religious ” objections to opt out of engaging in evidence - based
approaches to HIV prevention , treatment and care , and ostensibly to
refuse treatment and care to those whose “ lifestyles ” or life choices
they might find offensive .
Even by those organizations receiving tens
or hundreds of millions of U.S. taxpayer dollars to end the global AIDS
epidemic .
These laws have more in common than simply the semantics of the terms
“ conscience ” or “ refusal ” clause .
Instead , they are part of an
ongoing , insidious and unfortunately increasingly successful effort to
privilege one form of religious “ morality ” and belief above all others
in a pluralistic society .
Backers of these policies seek to redefine all forms of contraceptive
technology as “ abortion , ” stigmatize reproductive and sexual health
services of all kinds , marginalize persons whose sexual identities or
livelihoods they deem offensive , and break the social contract between provider and patient .
In doing so , they flout
basic principles of medicine and public health by citing “ conscience ”
as justification for denying medical care , not just through individual
action but , in the use of federal funding and via application to whole institutions , as a societal ethic .
It is
one thing for private practitioners to decide not to offer certain
kinds of services .
It is another altogether to use your tax dollars to
use vague and sweeping definitions of religion and morality to deny not only a specific service , but
also information and referrals , including in life - threatening
circumstances .
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
Under current U.S. global AIDS law , for example , a group with a “ moral
objection ” to the notion of “ safer sex , ” to sex work , or to the sexual identities of men who have sex with
men can deny accurate information on effective prevention or block
access to treatment or care by simply citing “ conscience , ” all the
while getting funded by the U.S. government to end the HIV / AIDS
epidemic .
These tactics go beyond what most people think of as “ conscientious objection . ”
According to the American Civil Liberties Union ( ACLU ) , the HHS rule would allow :
health care individuals and entities to refuse to provide
health care services for any reason whatsoever , including reasons based
on economics or discriminatory motives .
Moreover , these laws also have in common the groups that push for
them .
The United States Conference of Catholic Bishops ( USCCB ) and the
Family Research Council ( FRC ) lobbied strenuously for the HHS
regulations .
Saddleback Church joined USCCB , FRC and others to push
for restrictions on prevention programs and expand the “ conscience ”
clause in the US global AIDS Act .
Not surprisingly , these groups also
lobby for tax dollars to support their programs here and abroad .
Conscientious objection has deep roots in social action and human
rights advocacy and , with respect to medical practice has long been
protected through various federal laws , such as the Church and Weldon Amendments ,
and by statutes in at least 46 states .
In addition , virtually all
medical associations have extensive and detailed standards of ethics
and conscience clauses .
Existing rules and regulations seek to balance a physician’s
conscientious objection to performing , for example , an abortion with
the profession ’s obligations to afford all patients nondiscriminatory
access .
These principles are recognized even by some religiously
affiliated medical entities that acknowledge their own objections to
providing certain kinds of care but recognize simultaneously their own
responsibilities in referring patients to access care they may need or
want .
Such ethical codes and standards recognize the inherent need to balance
the rights of the individual provider against the rights of the
individual patient and the social interest in promoting public health
and evidenced - based medical care .
As bioethicist Nancy Berlinger of the Hastings Center states :
Conscientious objection in health care always affects
someone else ’s health or access to care because the refusal interrupts
the delivery of health services .
Therefore , conscientious objection in
health care always has a social dimension and cannot be framed solely
as an issue of individual rights or beliefs .
Public support for maintaining this balance is profoundly clear , as underscored by the results of a 2001 ACLU survey on this issue , which concluded :
This qualitative and quantitative research shows that
Americans overwhelmingly oppose laws that protect religious objectors
at the expense of the patient ’s rights and the public health .
The public opposes refusal clauses that threaten access to health care .
89 % oppose " allowing insurance companies to refuse to pay for medical services they object to on religious grounds . " 88 % oppose " allowing pharmacies to refuse to fill prescriptions they object to on religious grounds . " 86 % oppose " allowing employers to refuse to provide their employees
with health insurance coverage for medical services the employer
objects to on religious grounds . " [ and ] 76 % oppose " allowing [ hospitals ] to refuse to provide medical services they object to on religious grounds . "
By changing the terms of " conscience , " the social contract balancing providers ’ and
patients ’ rights is broken , in part because these actions come without
a price to the so - called objector .
In a 2005 article , bioethicist Alta Charo quotes Mahatma Gandhi and Martin Luther King , Jr. in stating that :
“ in matters of conscience , the law of majority has no
place , ” [ but ] acts of conscience are usually accompanied by a
willingness to pay some price .
Martin Luther King , Jr. argued , “ An
individual who breaks a law that conscience tells him is unjust , and
who willingly accepts the penalty of imprisonment in order to arouse
the conscience of the community over its injustice , is in reality
expressing the highest respect for law . ”
But , as she points out , quoting Boston Globe columnist Ellen Goodman :
What differentiates the latest round of battles of
conscience clauses from those fought by Gandhi and King is the claim of
entitlement to “ conscience without consequence . ”
The consequences are however crystal clear and are felt by the person denied information , service or care .
Medical and public health
professionals and the public writ large have found consensus around
services , information , and methods of medical care that should be
widely available .
When individuals or groups are denied access , the
consequences are immediate and the harms directly proportional to the
level of economic and social disparity that limits access by
individuals to the care they want and need .
Those harms are found
abundantly in high rates of unintended pregnancies due to lack of
access to contraception among economically and socially disadvantaged
teens , and high rates of HIV infection among women , especially
African - American women in the United States and women generally in
countries throughout Africa and Asia .
In the end , the actions by a few to rewrite the laws of conscience and
society are not just about a single law or policy , but a collective
effort to undermine a social contract on which much of our healthcare
is based .
As numerous analysts have pointed out , there are ample
opportunities for the Obama Administration — through Executive and
Congressional action — to get rid of these specific and onerous
regulations .
But to declare success and stop there will be to win the
battle and lose the war .
These fights are as much about culture and
definition , about civil society action , vigilance and accountability on
an ongoing basis as they are about the law .
And this particular fight
may well become increasingly pitched as we move toward health care
reform in the United States .
We have to recognize that legal and policy challenges are critical but
they are not enough .
Those who believe in balancing provider ’s rights
with patients needs and rights must be forceful and proactive in
putting the door back on its hinges , and that will take require
proactive conversation and mobilization , starting now .
First thing next month ( Friday January 2 ) will be the primetime debut of a film that has been making the “ under the radar ” rounds of women and film festivals since May .
ABC ’s 20/20 will air the documentary “ Orgasmic Birth ” , by Debra Pascali - Bonaro , a childbirth educator and a doula , which asks the question :
What would happen if women were taught to enjoy birth rather than endure it ?
Some women will see this film as a declaration of emancipation from the medicalization of childbirth .
Others will see it as yet one more way to raise expectations and make new mothers feel inadequate if they do not experience the “ ideal ” birth .
The message of the film is “ that women can journey through labor and birth in all different ways .
And there are a lot more options out there , to make this a positive and pleasurable experience , ” Pascali - Bonaro tells ABC .
“ I hope women watching and men watching do n’t feel that what we ’re saying is every woman should have an orgasmic birth . ”
But the title certainly catches attention , referring to what Pascali - Bonaro calls “ the best kept secret ” of child birth – that some women report having an orgasm as the baby exits the birth canal .
Tamra Larter experienced that while Pascali - Bonaro ’s cameras were rolling .
She and her husband , Simon , opted to have their second child in their suburban New Jersey home , and through most of the hours of labor the couple was kissing and caressing .
“ The phyical touch and nurturing was just really comforting to me , ” Larter told ABC .
Of the orgasmic birth that resulted she said : “ It was happening , and I could hardly breathe , and it was like , ‘oh , that feels good . ’
That ’s all I could say really . ”
Christine Northrup , an OB - GYN and author of “ Women ’s Bodies , Women ’s Wisdom ” explains in the film that orgasms during labor are the results of chemistry and anatomy : “ When the baby ’s coming down the birth canal , remember , it ’s going through the exact same positions as something going in , the penis going into the vagina , to cause an orgasm .
And labor itself is associated with a huge hormonal change in the body , way more prolactin , way more oxytocin , way more beta - endorphins — these are the molecules of ecstasy . ”
And on that note I open up the comments for your thoughts …
( Natural News ) Influenza vaccination has no significant effect on death rates among the elderly , according to a study conducted by researchers from the University of Alberta , Canada .
Previous studies have concluded that getting a flu shot reduces an elderly person 's risk of dying from any cause by 50 percent , a claim that other scientists have challenged as unlikely .
" Over the last two decades in the United Sates , even while [ flu ] vaccination rates among the elderly have increased from 15 to 65 percent , there has been no commensurate decrease in hospital admissions or all - cause mortality , " researcher Dean T. Eurich said .
" Further , only about 10 percent of winter - time deaths in the United States are attributable to influenza , thus to suggest that the vaccine can reduce 50 percent of deaths from all causes is implausible in our opinion .
" Researchers compared rates of influenza , pneumonia and death among 700 people , 85 percent of them over the age of 64 .
Half the participants were given a flu shot , while half were not .
The researchers found that prior to adjusting for any confounding factors , 15 percent of those in the unvaccinated group died , compared with only 8 percent of those in the unvaccinated group - consistent with the previously reported 50 percent mortality reduction .
However , once researchers adjusted for other predictors of mortality such as overall health and socioeconomic status , the difference between the two groups disappeared .
This suggests , the researchers said , that the previously observed decreases in mortality from flu vaccination merely come from the so - called " healthy - user effect " and have nothing to do with the vaccine itself .
" The healthy - user effect , " said lead researcher Sumit Majumdar , " is seen in what doctors often refer to as their ' good ' patients - patients who are well - informed about their health , who exercise regularly , do not smoke or have quit , drink only in moderation , watch what they eat , come in regularly for health maintenance visits and disease screenings , take their medications exactly as prescribed , and quite religiously get vaccinated each year so as to stay healthy .
" It is thus the healthy habits that reduce the risk of death , the researchers suggested , and not the flu vaccine .
Sources for this story include : www.reuters.com
WASHINGTON -- U.S. lawmakers should demand more accountability from the government 's $ 700 billion financial rescue package before releasing the second half of the funds , the head of the program 's watchdog panel said Friday .
" We would urge Congress to consider the accountability and transparency questions , the question of whether money is going to be used for foreclosures , and the overall strategy issues as part of any additional requests made for more money , " said Harvard Law School Professor Elizabeth Warren , who chairs a ...
Support the FRA law and help rid Sweden of social deviants and other threats
Happy New Year .
This is my first day back in Sweden .
It ’s also my first day living under the new FRA law ( a.k.a. Lex Orwell ) .
How does it feel to be under electronic surveillance 24/7 ?
The word “ suck ” comes to mind .
Under this law the Swedish Government will now monitor and record every email , phone call , and fax that crosses its borders .
Further , the web surfing habits of every citizen will now be monitored and recorded .
In fact any telephone call or other electronic transmission that get routed via Sweden ( whether it originated here or not ) will be analyzed by a supercomputer and flagged if its of interest .
What could be of interest to the Swedish government ?
A look at the search criteria they have been authorized to use may give a hint .
The law gives the government the right to search for ‘ deviants ’ using searches based on what is known about a person ’ race , ethnic origin , political opinions , religious beliefs , philosophical convictions , trade union membership , health or sex life .
The idea is to first track all your activity : what you buy with online credit card payments , what websites you visit , who you call on the phone , SMS , fax or send emails to and what you discuss .
Next a powerful computer will analyze all your activity to identify your lifestyle patterns and gain insight into your personality .
This is called social network analysis .
If your profile appears deviant , for whatever reason , you will be flagged and they will have the right to investigate you further .
It may take years for a pattern to emerge so in the mean time they will also have to keep copies of all your activity .
Even more comforting was the revelation in the Swedish press on 16 June 2008 , that the Swedish government had already been secretly monitoring and storing civilian communication without warrants for the past ten years .
The new FRA law will work in connection to the Personal Data Act ( which was enacted in 1998 ) .
The Act says information collected on citizens can be shared with third parties .
The Act also contains provisions concerning destruction of records , “ but at the same time Chapter 6 , section 1 of the Act contains an opt - out provision permitting retention of records for historical , statistical or scientific purposes . ”
( Dagens Nyheter , September 3rd 2008 as translated by EDRI )
The FRA law was passed in Stockholm on June 18th 2008 by a vote of 143 to 138 ( with one delegate abstaining and 67 delegates not present ) .
What ’s most shocking is that this vote mirrors the will of the Swedish people .
According to a poll by the Swedish newspaper Aftonbladet , only 47 % of Swedes opposed the law at the time of the vote in June , 2008 .
Sweden ’s main newspaper , Dagens Nyheter , reported on September 3rd 2008 that “ It seems that the MPs did n’t realise what they were voting for when they voted the FRA law in . ” ( Translation Mark Klamberg ) .
The story was published under the headline “ The FRA Law – Sleepwalking into a Surveillance Society ” .
How could they have not known ?
I had seen it debated in the English - speaking press for at at least four months prior to the vote .
There were petitions and formal protests .
When they arrived to vote on the bill they were greeted by hundreds of angry protesters at the parliament building .
“ … the MPs did n’t realise what they were voting for ” ?
Do I like this law ?
No .
I think it is repulsive .
But , I ’m just a guest in this country and must cede to the will of the Swedish people and their government .
Being a loyal Swedish resident , I feel it is my duty to help my prime minister , Fredrik Reinfeldt , in his quest to abolish civil liberties and privacy in Sweden .
That ’s why I ’m trying to find his email address and fax number .
I suggest that every Swede CC Fredrik Reinfeldt ( and every other Swedish politician who voted for this law ) on every email and fax we send .
That way they wo n’t have to go through the trouble and expense of intercepting them .
The time and money saved could be put towards other measures to protect us like bringing back the Swedish Racial Hygiene Society ( est. Stockholm 1910 ) to continue Sweden ’s proud tradition of compulsory sterilization ( 1927 -1976 ) .
That program , also voted in by the Swedish parliament on behalf of its citizens , was the world ’s second largest eugenics program .
Guess who was # 1 ?
Here ’s a hint : /:=(
Sure , castrating half a million people against their will may have violated a few civil liberties , but heck , it sure did prevent all those ‘ deviants ’ from spreading their undesirable traits here in Sweden .
I ’m sure the new FRA law will do the same .
So do n’t forget to do your part .
CC your government officials on all emails , sms , and faxes .
You may even want to conference them in on all your phone calls and send them a list of your favorite web sites .
Together we can make FRA work to rid Sweden of all deviants once and for all .
If Trey Anastasio rips a solo in a forest and no one is around to write about it in a medium - distribution print format , does he make a sound ?
Relix Magazine — not to be confused with a certain other music publication — has been bought by an unnamed source , following a fiscal downturn and the threat of imminent collapse .
Relix started in 1974 as a forum for Grateful Dead obsessives , offering taping strategies and news on bootleg recordings .
Through the ‘ 80s and ‘ 90s , it stretched out to encompass the budding jam band scene — one that , for all its contradictions and inherent goofiness , provided opportunities for groups that fell outside the radio mainstream .
It ’s debatable whether this situation speaks more to waning relevance of that scene or to the much - discussed time bomb that is print music journalism at large .
[ Brooklyn Vegan ]
Here are some easy to follow tips that will help you avoid being seen as a spammer , or having your emails trashed or ignored .
The thing is this : email reduces friction .
Greedy , lazy organizations have embraced this and tried to figure out how to blast as many emails as they can as cheaply as they can , relying on the law of large numbers .
The real law of large numbers is , " using large numbers is against the law . "
I want you to add friction back in .
If you want to be seen as being personal , the best strategy is to be personal , which is slow and expensive .
For quite a while , a package called MonadRandom by Cale Gibbard has been available on Hackage .
At first it seems like just a little silly convenience module .
But I argue that it should be used instead of System .
Random whenever possible , not just when it ’s more convenient .
Here ’s why :
What ’s a RandomGen ?
class RandomGen g where next :: g -> ( Int , g ) split :: g -> ( g,g ) genRange :: g -> ( Int , Int )
It ’s this thing … this thingamajigger , if you prefer , which has a next , a split , and a genRange .
Cool , that ’s great .
Um … so , what are those things ?
What do they mean ?
And what do they have to do with randomness ?
next .
NEXT ?
That does n’t seem very random !
MonadRandom is very humble in its self - description :
Computation type : Computations which consume random values .
Binding strategy :
The computation proceeds in the same fashion as the identity monad , but it carries a random number generator that may be queried to generate random values .
But it means much more than it says .
Rand a is not merely an “ identity monad carrying a random number generator ” ( a random number generator being one of those what - the - heck - is - thats above ) .
Rand a is a probability distribution of a’s !
Which is simple , meaningful and easy to reason about !
We can model it like so :
Rand a = a ->
Real fmap f p x = ∑ p[f - 1 [ {x} ] ] return x = δ ( x ) ( p >>= f ) x = ∑ y p (y ) f(y ) ( x )
With getRandom etc. being standard distributions on various data types .
As long as your computations are in Rand ( I do n’t give a hoot about RandT ) , you can use this semantics for precise , mathematical reasoning .
What did you have when you were using RandomGen ?
He and a cousin , 19 , who also is a smuggler , were huddled together in a new imported car , one of the fruits of the trade , parked outside a friend ’s house .
It was a chilly desert night , the sky shocked with stars , and the young men were wired and nervous , smoking one cigarette after another .
Image Many people in Rafah still rely on the smugglers  tunnels .
Credit ...
The New York Times
The broad outlines of the tunnels are well known from the Gaza side .
They are about 6 feet high and 3 feet wide .
They are typically 65 feet or so below the surface , have pulley systems and lighting and ventilation .
The Hamas government charges for the electricity used .
Little discussed is how the tunnels work on the Egyptian side , and why state security has been so unsuccessful in finding them .
They are begun in Gaza in full view of Egypt ’s border guards , after all , and nearly everyone here admits to either working in the tunnels or being related to someone who is .
The young men say that most people no longer have the tunnels come up inside their homes , because if they are caught they have no room for denial , and the whole family could be imprisoned .
The openings are lined with tarps and filled with sand .
When the tunnel owner in Gaza wants to make a run , he phones and the young men assemble a small group of trusted partners .
They then dig out the sand , pull out the plastic tarps and pass through food , clothing or whatever has been ordered .
“ It is a family affair , but not everyone knows where the hole is , ” said the 19 - year - old .
“ There are only a very few people you can trust and rely on .
You make a deal with four or five other guys and that ’s it , it stays between you . ”
The young men said that most tunnels also have a pipe running through , a couple of inches in diameter .
They said the pipes were used to funnel fuel , mostly diesel , to Gaza .
Even when Israeli bombs managed to damage the tunnel entrances , or cause a collapse , the pipes were often undamaged and the fuel smuggling went on uninterrupted .
They said they did not know anyone who smuggled weapons — only food , fuel and clothing .
Setting up a new mobile phone is no longer child 's play .
The complexity of modern mobile phones is leaving users frustrated and angry , research suggests .
Some 61 % of those interviewed in the UK and US said setting up a new handset is as challenging as moving bank accounts .
Compiled by mobile firm Mformation , the survey found 85 % of users reporting they were frustrated by the difficulty of getting a new phone up and working .
Of the 4,000 people questioned , 95 % said they would try more new services if phones were easier to set up .
Web browsing Mformation spokesman Matthew Bancroft said users were frustrated by having to call an operator or look online for help .
" There is an enormous range of things modern phones are capable of doing but the paradox is that many people are not using these capabilities , " he said .
Mr Bancroft said bad experiences turned people off trying to get more from their phone .
" If an application does not work once or twice , they just will not use it or try again , " he said .
Some 61 % of those questioned said they stopped using an application if they could not get it working straight away .
Mr Bancroft said setting up a new phone should take only 15 minutes but many people were spending an hour or more to get the handset to do what they wanted .
He added that most people wanted to do such tasks as browsing the web , reading e-mail , or sending picture messages , but the complexity of modern handsets was leaving them foxed .
Industry work on standards for basic handset operations could help the situation , said Mr Bancroft .
As phones packed in more processing power , he said , that computational ability could be used to anticipate what users were doing and help them find their way around the handset .
Geoff Blaber , director of devices , software and platforms at mobile analysts CCS Insight , said the problem of phone configuration was one operators were trying to tackle .
Many , he said , had invested in staff training and in - store help desks to get customers using more of the features on their phones .
Touch screen interfaces as seen on Apple 's iPhone were showing how this could be done , he said .
Having icons for all a phone 's available services at hand was better than burying them in a sub-menu , said Mr Blaber .
Some operators were also working hard to ensure that phones were configured before purchase so services switched on with the phone .
There were good business reasons for helping phone owners do more with their handset , he said .
" Operators are trying to move revenues away from a reliance on voice and text which are declining , " he said .
" To make that transition they need to be sure that the services are identifiable and easy to configure and use , " he added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Start the day with a BANG !
The original Gun O'Clock clock from Bandai is an alarm clock and target range all in one .
Every morning you can wake up to one of three games .
When the alarm goes off , the Gun O'Clock target pops up , and you have to grab the gun in time to shoot it to turn the clock off !
It ’s a great way to bring you to your senses when the snooze button simply is n’t an option .
The set features three game modes for when the alarm goes off :
In Quick Shot mode you have to pull off five perfect shots within 3 minutes .
Time mode is a battle for speed each morning to see how quickly you can wake up , react , and blast the target away .
Finally , Random mode changes up the timing , making for an unpredictable stand - off with waking life .
Gun O'Clock alarm clock features :
The internet is a funny old place .
I often wonder to myself about the things that future generations will uncover when they dig back through what we did during the early days of the web - a sort of digital archaeology - and witness a series of odd jokes and weird threads that leave them utterly baffled .
Most internet memes fall into that category - a mixture of context , insanity and peer pressure that creates a snowball that 's funny for a bit before becoming ubiquitous and tiresome .
Rickrolling , anyone ?
But sometimes memes go even further : they turn anonymous individuals into mini-celebrities for no discernable reason .
Which is why the story of Boxxy , an unidentified young woman who went from being just another unknown YouTuber to causing civil war on one of the world 's biggest websites , is so bizarrely fascinating .
You'd be forgiven for missing this over the past few weeks , but if you 've been surfing the darker corners of the web in recent weeks you might have come across Boxxy ( videos about her have racked up millions of hits on YouTube ) and wondered what the hell was going on .
A year ago a young , unnamed and heavily - eyelinered young woman who hung around on Gaia Online made a video .
She went by the handle of Boxxy .
That 's it .
Or at least it was for nearly 12 months .
At Christmas , the video - by then languishing in YouTube 's vaults - got posted to i- am - bored , and from there hit 4 Chan , and in particular the site 's /b/ messageboard ... the heartland for many memes ( and definitely NSFW ) .
Why ?
Nobody 's sure .
Was Boxxy herself behind it ?
Or was she simply a vehicle for fans who liked her camgirl approach , apparent ADD and weirdly excitable behaviour ?
Over the subsequent days and weeks , Boxxy became a topic of contention on 4 Chan - with the site splitting into two groups ; those who professed to love Boxxy and all she stood for and those who hated Boxxy and her fans .
Every thread threaten to spill over into Boxxy spam or a flamewar , and hundreds of 4 channers went hacking Boxxy 's YouTube account and other websites in search of her true identity .
So far they do n't seem to have succeeded .
Things really came to a head , though , when Boxxy haters - sick of seeing so much about her on 4 Chan - decided to launch a denial of service attack on the website itself , bringing it down for some hours as a protest .
Things have n't stopped there , though .
The YouTube channel Boxxybabee is the site 's most - subscribed to for the month ; videos are still being made about how much people hate Boxxy , and her influence continues to spread inexplicably .
OK , yes , the whole story is extremely convoluted .
But it 's the sort of thing that I saw in evidence at ROFLCon earlier this year : somebody who is entirely unknown can get picked up for basically doing nothing , but doing it in public .
So when our future digital archaeologists start looking back at our actions , they 'll come across Boxxy and look confused .
How on earth do you relate that story in a way that makes sense in 100 years , given that it makes basically no sense right now ?
That 's partly what I love about the internet - and partly what makes my brain hurt .
Pictured :
The man who swims in a tank of man-eating alligators
These stunning pictures show a zoo employee getting up close and personal with a tank full of alligators .
Snorkeling alongside the nine - foot long predators , Sean Manning shows no fear and carries no protection during the Miami Jungle Island Zoo show in Florida .
Despite the danger Sean puts himself in , the man-eaters seem calm and unthreatened by his presence in their tank .
Nose to nose : Sean Manning and an alligator observe each other in the zoo tank
Just bobbing around :
The predator seems relaxed in Sean 's company
He said : ‘ I gauge the gator and try to get a feel for its mood .
‘ If it looks like it is going to go then I must decided to end that gator ’s involvement in the display or unfortunately mine .
‘ It ’s a risk but I am not looking to go just yet . ’
The show highlights the growing number of alligators in Florida and the effect humans are having on them in their natural environment .
A zoo spokesman said : ‘ Sean is part of a show called Gator X - treme .
‘ This aquatic adventure is the first time anyone in America has seen anything like this .
‘ They have never seen this 250 - million - year - old perfect killing machine , which has 80 razor sharp teeth , so close to another willing human being . ’
Curious :
The alligator peers at the camera while Sean swims in the background
Sean gauges the mood of the alligator to try and cut the risk factor of the show
in
" Lighthouses are more helpful than churches . "
- Benjamin Franklin
Yet another disturbing story involving sexual abuse in the Catholic Church has just come to light .
This one straight out of Southern India and including all of the standard elements we 've come to expect , such as the attempted cover - up and a complete lack of compassion for the victims .
According to the story in the British newspaper The Independent , a former nun named Sister Jesme has written a book detailing the illicit sex , habitual abuse , threats , downright cruelty and outright rape that , it seems , is a regular part of life for a nun in the Church , at least in that part of the world .
A Church spokesman has even admitted as much ( read on ) .
As usual , the allegations are not what 's unbelievable about this story , as any thinking person should be able to imagine that this stuff is going on .
I mean , seriously , the things she experienced and witnessed are n't really all that hard to imagine , are they ?
After all , a celibate life is not a natural human life , now is it ?
And it 's certainly not a realistic life to expect anyone to follow , particularly not at a young age when the hormones are raging .
It simply goes against human nature .
I mean , when you tell a group of people to completely shut off a part of themselves as intrinsic as their sexual drive , it 's just not going to happen .
Well , at least not without perversion , abuse and rape as the unwanted - though wholly expected - by - product .
So , yes , the abuse is obviously disturbing , but what makes this case truly shocking is the same thing that makes every Catholic sex abuse scandal shocking :
The Church 's callous disregard for the victims ' pain and suffering .
Like the cops after a case of horrific police brutality , the military after the slaughter of innocents , or politicians after they 've been caught red - handed in a scandal , the Church 's first response is to cover - up and / or minimize the actual severity of the abuse that has taken place ... and continues to take place .
And this specific case is a classic example of that .
Oh So Very Christ - Like
This Sister Jesme woman , who resigned as the principal of a Catholic college just last year , claims convents have become " houses of torture " .
So , how exactly did the Church respond to her accusations of rape and other horrific abuse ?
Well , for starters , she claims that once she began to complain senior nuns tried to have her committed to a mental institution .
And , even more revealing , just last week some bozo Church spokesman , a guy named Dr Paul Thelakkat , came out and dismissed everything Sister Jesme had to say as nothing more than " trivialities " .
Yes , that 's right , rape is but a mere " triviality " .
Check it out for yourself :
A spokesman for the Syro-Malabar order of the Catholic Church , Dr Paul Thelakkat , dismissed Sister Jesme 's allegations as a " book of trivialities " .
" It 's her experiences , but these are things that might creep into a society of communal living , " he said .
Asked if the church would be shocked by the allegations , he replied : " Absolutely not .
The church knows about these things . "
Such incredible compassion !
So moving and touching ... and oh so very Christ - like too .
Seriously , folks , if that 's the path to eternal salvation , I think I 'll take some other route .
Bill Maher 's Religulous
" The way to see by faith is to shut the eye of reason . "
- Benjamin Franklin
On a much lighter note , but still on the topic of religion , let me just say that everyone should see Bill Maher 's great new film Religulous , which just came out on DVD this past week .
Even if they may not agree with his ultimate conclusions , I 'm pretty sure that most people , including most moderate believers , would enjoy this comedic lampooning of religion and , specifically , fundamentalist nuts of every stripe .
I would certainly hope that everyone , with the obvious exception of those whacked - out irrationality - lovin ' fundamentalists , would feel at least some sort of affinity for Maher 's passionate plea for a sane world based on rational thought , as opposed to one revolving around fear , superstition and a literal belief in some ancient set of fairy tales .
Jews For Christ
This film gives you all sorts of great characters to sit back and enjoy .
You get the Jews For Christ .
You get the Ex - Gays trying to save all the Still - Gays from their sinful ways .
You get a peak at what Mormons and Scientologists actually believe .
And you also get lots of other Jews , Muslims and assorted crazy Christians too .
And not to forget the guy , appropriately enough named Jesus , who claims to be the second coming of Christ .
And then you also get , in complete contrast to all these rationality - challenged folks , a great interview right in front of the Vatican with a wonderful old Catholic priest who , like some sort of white Aaron Neville , tells it like it is and basically comes right out and states that all of the Church 's doctrine is just plain silly .
Yes , it 's got it all .
Lots of laughs , lots of great characters and all sorts of stuff to contemplate long after the film ends .
So , go rent it today ... unless , that is , you 're worried that God might be angrily watching you as you watch the film about him angrily watching you .
In that case , perhaps you should just get back to work trying to prove that the Earth is really only five to six thousand years old and that dinosaur fossils were simply put in the ground by God to test our faith .
Such a noble , and truly human , endeavor that .
And , finally , on a side note , I 'd strongly recommend watching all of the deleted and extended scenes in the DVD extras in order to see an extended version of the film as well as to meet even more incredible characters , including some awesome Raelians .
Mike Cowie ( Oredakedo )
Tuesday , February 24th , 2009
And if you enjoyed this piece then you might enjoy these as well :
The Godless Super Bowl Rant
What If : The Sex and Hunger Rant
Touching The Untouchables # 5 : Pedophile God
" Loving God " Is Comin ' Out Of The Closet - The X'mas Special
The Don't Thank God For The Lunacy of The Runaway Ego Rant
And for a more serious piece check this out : Finally An Apology : The Canadian Native Residential Schools Rant
And for a good laugh you should definitely watch this : Another Hilarious Stephen Colbert Clip : " Better Know a Lobby - Atheism "
For more on Religion click here : Religion
Dis same book she was reedin las year
She not 2 smart
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
( CNN ) -- Robbie Tolan sits in a Houston , Texas , hospital bed with a bullet from a police officer 's gun lodged in his liver .
The son of a famed baseball player was shot in his own driveway .
Robbie Tolan was shot December 31 by a police officer in his driveway .
He was unarmed .
But how this unarmed 23 - year - old and his cousin ended up in the cross -hairs of an officer 's gun , suspected of stealing a car , is a question sparking allegations of racial profiling .
" There 's no doubt in my mind that if these had been white kids this does not happen , " said David Berg , Tolan 's attorney .
It was 2 a.m. on December 31 when Tolan and his cousin , Anthony Cooper , were confronted in the driveway of their home by Bellaire , Texas , police officers .
Police officials say the officers suspected the two young men were driving a stolen car .
Bellaire is a prominent , mostly white suburb in southwest Houston . .
Watch outrage over shooting of an unarmed man »
Robbie Tolan is the son of a once - prominent professional baseball player .
His father , Bobby Tolan , had a 15 - year career for the St. Louis Cardinals and Cincinnati Reds , spanning 1965 to 1979 .
He played on one of the most - heralded Cardinal teams ever : the 1967 World Series champs .
The younger Tolan is just starting to develop his own baseball career .
He 's played in the Washington Nationals minor league system and spent part of last season playing for the Bay Area Toros of the Continental Baseball League .
Tolan 's relatives say the two young men had just arrived from a late - night run to a Jack - in - the - Box fast food restaurant .
As they walked up the driveway to their home , Anthony Cooper said an unidentified man emerged from the darkness with a flashlight and a gun pointed at them .
" We did not know it was a police officer , " said Cooper .
" He said , ' Stop. Stop . '
And we were like , ' Why ?
Who are you ? ' "
The officers ordered both men to lie down on the ground .
Tolan 's parents heard the commotion and came outside .
Police will only say an " altercation " took place .
Tolan 's family say it involved his mother .
" The cop pushed her against the wall , " said Tolan 's uncle , Mike Morris .
Relatives say Tolan started to lean up from the ground to ask the officer what he was doing to his mother .
That 's when the family says Tolan was shot in the chest , the bullet piercing his lung and then lodging in his liver .
But Tolan 's SUV was n't stolen .
Both men were unarmed and relatives say they were hardly a threat to the police officer .
Anger over the shooting has been building over the last week .
" He was the victim of the worst case and worst kind of racial profiling , " said community activist Quannel X .
The Bellaire Police Department has called the shooting " tragic " and put the officer involved in the incident on administrative leave .
" Anytime someone is injured we take it very seriously , " said Byron Holloway , Assistant Chief of the Bellaire Police Department .
" But any allegation of racial profiling , I do n't think that 's going to float . "
The police department is investigating and the district attorney 's office in Houston is also looking into whether charges will be filed against the police officer .
The policeman is a white , 10 - year veteran of the force whom police say has an excellent record .
Bellaire Police officials are no longer talking publicly about the case .
The department 's assistant chief says they 're investigating how the officers on the scene mistakenly determined that the SUV Tolan and his cousin were driving had been stolen .
Robbie Tolan remains in a Houston hospital .
Relatives say he is in severe pain but is expected to recover .
But his attorney says that Tolan 's baseball career might be over .
Tolan 's father is n't worried about that .
" I 'm not concerned about his career as a baseball player .
I 'm concerned about his health , " said Bobby Tolan .
All About Racial Issues • Crime • Major League Baseball
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Alaska Governor Sarah Palin has hit back at critics who said she thought Africa was a country not a continent , calling them " jerks " .
Anonymous Republican Party aides cited in a Fox News report also said she did not know the three members of the North America Free Trade Agreement ( Nafta ) .
Mrs Palin said her comments on Africa and Nafta were taken out of context .
She also said she had not asked for the expensive clothes bought for her failed White House bid with John McCain .
' Cowards '
Mrs Palin said the leaks about Africa and Nafta must have come from Republican campaign aides who helped her prepare for her debate against Democratic vice - presidential candidate Joe Biden .
" I think if there are allegations based on questions or comments that I made in debate prep about Nafta or about the continent versus the country when we talk about Africa there , then those were taken out of context and that is cruel , " she told reporters in her home state of Alaska .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" It 's mean - spirited , it 's immature , it 's unprofessional , and those guys are jerks . "
She said it was " cowardly " of the sources not to reveal themselves .
She also faced down accusations that she spent huge sums of money on clothes for the campaign .
" I never asked for anything more than a Diet Dr Pepper once in a while . "
The Republican National Committee ( RNC ) spent more than $ 150,000 ( £ 96,000 ) on a designer wardrobe and beauty treatments for Mrs Palin after she was chosen as John McCain 's running mate .
" Those are the RNC 's clothes .
They 're not my clothes , " she said .
" I never forced anybody to buy anything . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
After reading this posting this afternoon , I could n’t help responding a little to this :
Must have career stability ie : they do not want job hoppers … … they want a long term commitment someone that will grow and shape team
As far as I ’m concerned , very few people “ hop ” jobs because they think job hopping is a good strategy .
Switching jobs is pretty stressful for most people , and they tend to do it for one ( and often both ) of two strong reasons :
He / She is n’t happy where he / she is .
He / She has a “ better offer ” .
Unhappy
Most people have had a job they were n’t happy with .
Many of you are probably holding a position you ’re not enthusiastic about right now .
When you see problems occurring in your work environment , you have a few choices that can be grouped roughly like this :
Accept that your company has problems , and you can live with that .
Accept that the company has problems , and try and fix them .
Accept that the company has problems , that you ca n’t fix them , and that it ’s time to find another option .
Most people ca n’t stay in the middle category for much time without progress .
If you ’re seeing problems and you are n’t making progress against those problems , you have to decide if you can live with those problems or if you have to leave .
The threshold at which you choose to leave depends on the problems and on the employee ; I ’ve met employees that treat their job as just a job and expect it to be flawed , and I ’ve met others who strive constantly to find that ‘ perfect job . ’
Fortunately , there ’s also a counteracting factor at work : new employees have high hopes and have n’t yet started to bruse those hopes against consistent recurring problems .
This means that many people will go anywhere from a few months to a year before the issues start to rankle .
As with the threshold for leaving , the threshold after which the bloom comes off the rose varies significantly from employee to employee and company to company .
Some people get into a pattern of several hops for a while .
In rare cases , this goes deeper , and it ’s an unwillingness to commit , a feeling ( accurate or not ) of inadequacy , or someone truly incapable of registering that the grass only seems greener on the other side .
Mostly , however , it ’s the fact that finding the right fit between you and a company is a hard thing to do .
The Better Offer
The ‘ better offer ’ is rarely the only factor , because happy employees do n’t tend to run around examining and considering other offers at all .
That said , even unhappy employees are rarely willing to sacrifice a decent , stable but frustrating job without having another one lined up .
In Summary
If you ’re worried about employees moving on at the job posting level , long before you ’ve even started to assess a particular candidate , you probably need to turn your focus inward .
You ’re probably not as great an employer as you think : focus on treating your employees well and making them happy , and employee stability will follow .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Court favors Cheney in suit over public records Stephen C. Webster
Published : Monday January 19 , 2009
Print This Email This After ruling , Cheney becomes sole authority on determining which of his records will be released .
A federal district court judge has ruled that outgoing Vice President Dick Cheney , who leaves office on Tuesday with an approval rating of just 13 percent , will be the sole determining authority on the public release of his vice presidential records .
" Congress drastically limited the scope of outside inquiries related to the vice president 's handling of his own records during his term in office , " wrote U.S. District Judge Colleen Kollar - Kotelly in a 63 - page opinion , according to a published report .
The ruling cuts out National Archive oversight in the release of Cheney 's records .
Judge Kollar - Kotelly , appointed in 1997 by President Clinton , seems to have a history of siding with the Bush administration in legal battles , though she rejected the extraordinary claim that detainees in Bush 's terror war are not entitled to lawyers .
The suit , brought by Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington ( CREW ) , contended that Cheney illegally curtailed provisions of the post - Watergate Presidential Records Act .
The act , passed in 1978 , mandates public ownership of the records , but allows presidents to discard volumes not of historical significance , if the Archivist of the United States agrees with the assessment .
The act also requires vice presidential records to be treated the same , but CREW alleged that Cheney is using his own methods of determining what should and should n't be released .
The judge ruled that CREW failed to substantiate this allegation .
The assertion that Cheney alone may determine what is historically significant is based on his 2007 claim , over objections from the National Archives , that the vice president is not actually part of the executive branch .
" Your position was that your office ' does not believe it is included in the definition of ' agency ' as set forth in the Order ' and ' does not consider itself an ' entity within the executive branch ' that comes into the possession of classified information , ' " a National Archives official claims Cheney 's chief of staff , David Addington , wrote to him .
" Instead of making disclosures like most of the White House , Cheney 's office since March 2002 has periodically responded to [ Office of Government Ethics ] inquiries by stating that it is not obligated to file such disclosure forms for travel funded by non-federal sources , " wrote Kate Sheppard and Bob Williams with the Center for Public Integrity .
" The letters were signed by then - Counsel to the Vice President David Addington ...
In the letters to the Office of Government Ethics , Addington writes that the Office of the Vice President is not classified as an agency of the executive branch and is therefore not required to issue reports on travel , lodging and related expenses funded by non-federal sources . "
" The vice president has a choice to make , " said Rham Emanuel , then a Congressman from Illinois , in a June 23 , 2007 statement released to RAW STORY .
" If he believes his legal case , his office has no business being funded as part of the executive branch .
However , if he demands executive branch funding he cannot ignore executive branch rules .
At the very least , the Vice President should be consistent .
This amendment will ensure that the Vice President 's funding is consistent with his legal arguments . "
The threat to pull the vice president 's funding apparently worked .
In less than a week , Cheney backed off .
" I think we 're at a crossroad , " said historian Martin Sherwin , one of the plaintiffs in the now - failed lawsuit that would have forced Cheney to preserve and hand over his records .
" There 's a possibility here for what I call a history heist , or a historical theft from the American people . "
Among records already known missing from the Office of the Vice President are e-mails from Sept. 30 , 2003 , the same day the Justice Department and the Federal Bureau of Investigation announced they were investigating who outed former CIA officer Valerie Plame Wilson .
Cheney 's office is also missing emails from the very day President Bush told reporters he'd " take care of " whatever staff member had actually leaked the CIA agent 's name .
Special Prosecutor Patrick Fitzgerald , who investigated the outing of Plame 's status with the CIA , was informed some records had been destroyed .
Upon his indictment of Cheney 's Chief of Staff , I. Lewis " Scooter " Libby , he said during a press conference , " There is a cloud over the vice president . . .
And that cloud remains because this defendant obstructed justice .
There is a cloud over the White House .
Do n't you think the FBI and the grand jury and the American people are entitled to straight answers ? "
" This is a huge loophole in the Presidential Records Act and Congress needs to address it immediately , " Melanie Sloan , executive director of CREW , told AP .
AP : Bush leaves ' staggering ' array of problems for successor David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Monday November 3 , 2008
Print This Email This Most presidents - elect can look forward to a transition period after Election Day , during which they recover from the rigors of the campaign and assemble their cabinet and White House staff .
However , with a looming recession and two wars under way and no fresh initiatives coming from the Bush administration to address them , whoever is victorious in tomorrow 's voting wo n't enjoy that luxury .
" I guess you 'd have to have your head examined if you wanted to be president of the United States right now , " Professor James Thurber , director of the Center for Congressional and Presidential Studies at American University , told the Associated Press .
Thurber suggested that even though all presidents promise to hit the ground running , " This one will be jumping out of an airplane as soon as the election 's over with . "
According to a report released by AP on Monday , George W. Bush became president swearing " to confront problems , to not pass them on to future Congresses or future presidents . "
However , noted AP's Mark Smith , " after two full terms in the White House , the array of things he leaves his successor to solve is staggering , from an economy rocked by the worst crisis since the Great Depression to a pair of wars , one of which US spy chiefs say is spiraling out of control . "
" And then there are those minor crises , " added Smith , listing energy costs , immigration , health care , social security , and climate change .
" The fixes are all costly and American is flat broke . "
Political scientist John Sides told AP , " No amount of reform , no amount of trimming waste , no amount of limiting earmarks is going to make enough money available to do things like provide health insurance for 47 uninsured Americans . "
And yet , suggested Sides , " The larger the challenge , the more room there is for presidents to rise to the challenge . "
" The next president of the United States has so many problems , " agreed Thurber , " that he 's going to look good if he can solve just a few of them . "
" A honeymoon ? " concluded Smith .
" Do n't bet on it . "
This video is from The Associated Press , broadcast November 3 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
As darkness fell over the City of London yesterday afternoon , many of the Square Mile 's bars were starting to fill with workers having a last Christmas pint with colleagues , or looking to drown their sorrows at the end of another miserable week on the stock markets .
In the plush surroundings of Corney and Barrow , overshadowed by the looming mass of UBS on Broadgate circle , Brian Smith , 30 , tried to put his finger on the atmosphere in the city 's drinking establishments .
" It feels like it 's the last hurrah .
Everyone knows that next year is going to be tight , and no - one really knows if they 'll have a job after Christmas .
But still , it is more subdued , more measured . "
Serving a raft of gin and tonics to a waiting customer , Caroline Little said that for the last week business had been booming .
" There is no credit crunch this week .
We 've perhaps been selling less champagne , people are sticking to beers and spirits .
But people do n't seem to be counting their pennies . "
A nearby group of men , sitting at a table full of beers and a bottle of white wine and looking out on the gleeful faces of people whizzing around the ice - rink below , were less than full of Christmas cheer .
Having berated media coverage of the credit crunch and " ambulance chasing " of city workers , one of the group explained the reason the men - all senior credit bankers at a large American investment bank - had gathered .
" Basically , we 've been screwed on our bonuses , some people here have lost their jobs , so we are going hard on the expenses account .
We are as destroyed as anybody but we are just having to get on with it . "
Another said he was having to sell his small aircraft : " the only thing that helped me relax from a very stressful job . "
In the more traditional Bull on Devonshire Row , Matthew Tyler , a 30 - year - old insurance broker , was looking a little green and nursing his pint after a very heavy session the night previously .
" I was sick five times before I got to work this morning .
It 's like that in the city at this time of year , recession or not .
I 've been going out seven nights a week , I 'm not even enjoying it anymore . "
With a little encouragement from his workmates , he recounted just how last night 's episode had concluded .
Having exchanged cross words with another man outside McDonalds , Tyler had lost his temper .
While attempting to throw his bumper sized coke at the man , the unruly container had exploded in his face .
Over his colleagues ' roar of laughter he said : " I stumbled towards the police but I could n't see anything , coke was running into my eyes .
I spent the next hour trying to get rid of the sticky black stuff all over me . "
Taking another small sip of his pint , he added mournfully : " I actually do n't enjoy getting hammered .
I 'm having the month off in January . "
In the nearby White Hart , Mike Harrison , who had worked in investment banking for 20 years , was sinking a pint .
Wary of being portrayed as a rollicking banker without a care in the world , he said : " The atmosphere is very different in here than it is on the trading floor , I can tell you .
I 'm doing all right , but there are teams whose jobs are at risk and they have been down here every night drowning their sorrows . "
By 10 pm the strain was showing .
One man sat slumped against a wall , head in hands , a pool of sick at his feet .
A woman wobbling in high heels , frantically shouted " Where 's my handbag ? " as her slightly more sober friend placed it in her hand .
Standing at the marble bar in Catch , a sleek City bar next to Liverpool Street station , Graham Woods , a broker for the last 20 years , refused to succumb to the gloom .
" Look around .
This place - it 's recession proof , " he said , pointing to the well - dressed clientele sipping on champagne and Martinis .
" It is bad , do n't get me wrong .
But it 's still Christmas , people are still going to go out , and they are still going to get pissed .
That does n't change . "
• All names have been changed .
Depression 2009 The Largest Train Wreck in Economic History
Change is a constant whether perceived or not ; but only when we see it do we believe it has occurred .
Then , it is too late .
The phrase , speculative bubble , is used to describe the financial tumescence that characterizes the often manic unfounded rise of asset values .
The phrase , however , is inadequate for it fails to convey the destructive aftermath that follows ; for such purposes , train wreck , is a better description .
In 2009 , the largest train wreck in economic history is about to occur .
Unfounded manic speculation , e.g. the 2002 -2007 real estate bubble , is not new .
Similar manic speculation occurred in internet stocks in the 1990s , radio stocks in the 1920s , as it did in railroad stocks in the 19th century and in tulip bulbs in the 17 th century .
Manic speculation is as human as the markets .
THE DELUSION OF RATIONAL MARKETS
The first stock exchange in the world was the Amsterdam Stock Exchange , established in 1602 .
Amsterdam was also the site of the world first speculative bubble , Tulip Mania , which appeared shortly thereafter , 1621 - 1636
This is from Wikipedia 's recounting of Tulip Mania :
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tulip_mania :
.. traders signed contracts before a notary to purchase tulips at the end of the season ( effectively futures contracts ) .
Thus the Dutch , who developed many of the techniques of modern finance , created a market for durable tulip bulbs .
Short selling was banned by an edict of 1610 , which was reiterated or strengthened in 1621 and 1630 , and again in 1636 .
Short sellers were not prosecuted under these edicts , but their contracts were deemed unenforceable …
As the flowers grew in popularity , professional growers paid higher and higher prices for bulbs with the virus [ a tulip - specific virus that caused more spectacular colored tulips ] .
By 1634 , in part as a result of demand from the French , speculators began to enter the market .
In 1636 , the Dutch created a type of formal futures markets where contracts to buy bulbs at the end of the season were bought and sold .
Traders met in " colleges " at taverns and buyers were required to pay a 2.5 % " wine money " fee , up to a maximum of three florins , per trade .
Neither party paid an initial margin nor a mark - to - market margin , and all contracts were with the individual counterparties rather than with the exchange .
No deliveries were ever made to fulfill these contracts because of the market collapse in February 1637 …
The contract price of rare bulbs continued to rise throughout 1636 .
That November , the contract price of common bulbs without the valuable mosaic virus also began to rise in value .
The Dutch derogatorily described tulip contract trading as windhandel ( literally " wind trade " ) , because no bulbs were actually changing hands .
However in February 1637 , tulip bulb contract prices collapsed abruptly and the trade of tulips ground to a halt .
It is clear that today 's “ complex and sophisticated ” markets are not as unique as some would believe .
What is new , however , are the circumstances and consequences of the current collapse .
Today , financial markets are a global phenomena ; and so , too , will be the consequences .
The invention of the stock market in Amsterdam in 1602 combined with the issuance of the Bank of England 's credit - based paper money in 1694 was to change the course of human history for the next three hundred years .
That epoch is now ending .
The world that credit gave rise to is collapsing as is its credit - based foundation , turning like the proverbial carriage into a pumpkin at midnight , as the hoped for financial fairy tale turns instead into a nightmare of defaulting debt in 2009 .
The collapse of global markets and global trade is a sign we have reached the end of this epoch .
The current financial collapse is the beginning of its end .
When it is over , so , too , will be the era it spawned .
Human history moves in waves .
Another is about to begin .
ON THE TRAIL OF JOHN LAW
Last year during the Christmas holidays , Martha and I toured the Bank of England 's museum on Threadneedle Street in The City of London , the original cistern of the global well of paper - based credit .
Last year , the mood in London was still hopeful .
It is no longer .
This Christmas holiday , we followed the trail of John Law from Amsterdam to Paris to Venice .
John Law , a Scottish banker and economic theoretician was well acquainted with Amsterdam 's financial markets before introducing paper money and subsequent financial ruin to the nation of France on his way to escape , exile and eventual burial in Venice .
It is perhaps appropriate than John Law is buried in the Chiesa di San Moisè ; a church in Venice now surrounded by fashionable stores such as Gucci , Fendi , Valentino , Prada , and Versace , luxury retailers who profited handsomely from the excesses of the recent global bubble .
But just as the speculative bubble of Tulip Mania presaged today 's markets , the story of John Law has particular relevance to the current collapse .
The combination of financial markets and paper money is a volatile mixture and none was ever so destructively volatile as John Law 's introduction of paper money to the financial markets of France .
John Law believed it was not necessary that money possess intrinsic value such as did gold or silver , money could be fiat , paper notes issued by government edict , an idea resembling those later promoted by American economist Milton Friedman .
John Law 's disastrous experiment with paper money combined with his role in the Mississippi Land Company , a stock bubble on the scale of Tulip Mania , eventually transformed France and much of Europe into an economic wasteland leading eventually to the overthrow of the French nobility .
John Law 's destructive influence on France has been exceeded , however , by today 's extraordinary über - mixture of central bank credit - based paper money , excessive risk and leverage and the globalization of markets — a volatile mixture whose fragility , extreme size and combustibility are now about to destroy the 300 year old world built on debt and paper money .
ON THE SELF - CORRECTING NATURE OF IRRATIONAL MARKETS
In November 2006 , Professor Antal Fekete addressed the 2007 class of MBA students at the University of Chicago , the then bailiwick of Milton Friedman , the well - known academic apologist for fiat currencies .
Professor Fekete was to deliver a scathing rebuttal of Friedman 's theories .
The professor , a long - time proponent of the gold standard and its role in monetary affairs , believed that John Maynard Keynes on the left and Milton Friedman on the right had given intellectual comfort to policies responsible for today 's monetary problems — the elimination of gold from the international monetary system .
But Professor Fekete did not deliver his address criticizing Friedman .
The day before he was to speak , Milton Friedman passed away .
Instead of criticizing Friedman , Professor Fekete instead warned the students about the fragility of today 's paper markets , markets that had become an extraordinary inverse pyramid of derivatives ( then $ 480 trillion , now $ 668 trillion ) and potential defaults built on irredeemable promises .
The students gave little thought to the Professor 's warnings .
They had prepared too long for their chance at the brass ring offered by Wall Street investment banks , the wealthy moneychangers in the temple of fiat currencies .
As about - to - be graduates of the prestigious MBA program at the University of Chicago , the students had much to expect upon graduation .
When the Professor delivered his remarks , the August 2007 credit contraction was still nine months in the future ; close , but still well outside the world of possibilities the students believed real .
One student asked : “ Even if you 're right , wo n't the markets self - correct ? ”
To the true - believers in paper money , paper markets and paper profits , self - correction was the accepted ideological panacea to whatever the markets would do .
That student never expected that the coming self - correction would wipe away his expected future .
That instead of a large starting salary with significant bonuses at Lehman's , Bear Stearns , Merrill Lynch , or Morgan Stanley , he instead would be wondering how he could repay his student loans when the bank he believed would be his future home had collapsed or merged with another institution to avoid insolvency .
At the time , such possibilities appeared improbable if not outright impossible .
Today , they have become the precursors of what is yet to be .
A world so at odds with yesterday , that few can imagine what will happen next .
Dmitry Orlov is one of the few that can do so .
DMITRY ORLOV'S FIVE STAGES OF COLLAPSE
Dmitry Orlov , author of Reinventing Collapse ; The Soviet Example and American Prospects ( New Society Publishers , 2008 ) , watched the collapse of the Soviet Union in the 1990s and predicted a similar crisis would later occur in America .
Buckminster Fuller had also predicted the collapse of the Soviet Union and America in 1981 — the twilight of the world 's power structures — in his book , The Critical Path ( St. Martin 's Press , 1981 ) .
Both nations crippled by excessive debt brought on by excessive military spending ( what Bucky called killingry ) were fading behemoths whose passing would make way for a better world .
Orlov writes :
Having given a lot of thought to both the differences and the similarities between the two superpowers - the one that has collapsed already , and the one that is collapsing as I write this - I feel ready to attempt a bold conjecture , and define five stages of collapse , to serve as mental milestones as we gauge our own collapse - preparedness and see what can be done to improve it …
Stage 1 : Financial collapse .
Faith in " business as usual " is lost .
The future is no longer assumed to resemble the past in any way that allows risk to be assessed and financial assets to be guaranteed .
Financial institutions become insolvent ; savings are wiped out , and access to capital is lost .
Stage 2 : Commercial collapse .
Faith that " the market shall provide " is lost .
Money is devalued and / or becomes scarce , commodities are hoarded , import and retail chains break down , and widespread shortages of survival necessities become the norm …
Stage 1 in Orlov 's scenario is well underway .
The vast majority of investment and commercial banks are now insolvent , propped up and still in business only because of recently granted government guarantees designed to prevent workers from realizing their life savings are in imminent danger .
In Orlov 's Stage 1 , savings and access to capital are lost .
In modern economies , capital , i.e. credit - based paper , has been substituted for real money , gold and silver .
Credit - based paper money is no more real money than an image / belief in god is GOD .
Savings , in mature credit - based economies as the US and UK are now virtually non-existent .
Capital is but thinly disguised credit and credit is now rapidly disappearing , a condition that will be fatal for those addicted to its continuing presence , e.g. corporations , governments and workers , especially in the US , UK , Europe , etc .
New loan activity has fallen 91 % year to year .
The consequences will be unprecedented and extraordinary .
In 2009 , the economic train wreck now in motion will occur .
It will not be a one time event .
It will be a successive series of protracted crisis in conjunction with continuing breakdowns in access to credit , goods and services , an escalating and cascading series of pre vio usly unimaginable events .
In today 's monetarily debased markets , credit has become essential for all commercial activity .
This dream of bankers is the nightmare of producers and savers .
Credit becomes compounding debt which becomes bankers ' profits also resulting in increasing defaults and bankruptcies .
Modern economics is not rocket science .
It 's an abomination on the economic body of mankind .
Stage 2 in Orlov 's scenario will follow in the wake of Stage 1 .
Stage 2 is closer today than it was yesterday .
The end game predicted by some will now become the reality for all .
The predicted events have no basis in recent memory for those who will be affected .
The three hundred year old world founded on credit - based paper money is ending .
The world 's central banks which substituted paper for gold are finding themselves unable to solve the problems their fiat money has created .
The consequences are far greater than people can imagine — a limitation that will not prevent them from happening .
GOLD , SCISSORS , PAPER
We who have grown up in the world of credit and debt have no memory or real understanding of the role that gold played in monetary affairs prior to the substitution of central bank credit - based paper for sound money .
When the connection was cut between gold and money , few understood the consequences , consequences which are now upon us .
Uncle Milton and Uncle John
Gave much thought to what was wrong
But their bright ideas about the public purse
Have now made things so much worse
Discussion of the monetary role of gold and silver has been expunged from discussion in today 's universities .
One of the world 's great economic thinkers whose writings consistently predicted today 's collapse , Ludwig von Mises of the Austrian School of Economics was never accorded a paid position in an American university .
Although given the status of a visiting professor by New York University , Mises was not paid a salary and had to depend on outside assistance in order to survive .
That far lesser teachers were salaried in America is an indication why today most American economists are unable to adequately explain or solve our economic problems .
PUTZES FROM PRINCETON
The influence of the US military - industrial complex over academic discourse , while exceedingly effective , has come at a considerable cost to the nation .
President Dwight D. Eisenhower warned of this possibility in his Farewell Speech to the nation in 1961 .
Freedom and intellectual inquiry are not unrelated — nor are tyranny and blind obedience .
Professor Fekete 's intended address at the University of Chicago was titled Where Friedman Went Wrong and included the following quote from Professor Walter E. Spahr , Chairman of the Department of Economics at NYU from 1927 to 1956 :
What is the meaning of a gold standard and a redeemable currency ?
It represents integrity .
It insures the people 's control over the government 's use of the public purse .
It is the best guarantee against the socialization of a nation .
It enables a people to keep the government and banks in check .
It prevents currency expansion from getting ever farther out of bounds until it becomes worthless .
It tends to force standards of honesty on government and bank officials .
It is the symbol of a free society and an honorable government .
It is a necessary prerequisite to economic health .
It is the first economic bulwark of free men .
Professor Spahr 's eloquent words are a timely reminder of the importance of the gold standard and do much to explain how we have arrived at our current circumstances .
The gold standard is the constraint upon bankers and government that would have prevented the disaster that is now upon us ; and , now in 2009 , it is too late to undo what they have done .
Professor Spahr understood that the essential role of gold in monetary systems is to prevent bankers and government from overstepping the bounds of sound governance and prudent banking , bounds , which if undone , will bring ruin to the nation and to its people .
When President Nixon severed the ties between the US dollar and gold — as encouraged to do so by Milton Friedman — the very fears of men such as Spahrs and Fekete were set in motion .
Now , three decades later , the results are in .
Financial markets are frozen , global trade is slowing rapidly , governments have debased their now fiat currencies and the collective excesses of government and bankers have brought the world to the edge of another Great Depression .
The warnings of those such as Spahr and Fekete were not heeded .
Indeed , they were not even heard .
The suppression of open dialogue and issues contrary to the purposes of corporate , banking and government interests carried over into colleges and universities as well as the media .
It has cost America dearly .
Only When Freedom Is Lost Do The Reasons For Its Absence Become Clear
For those interested in the critical role of the gold standard , Professor Fekete will be giving a series of lectures March 27 , 28 and 29 in Hungary .
The gold standard as well as the backwardation of gold and silver and the coming depression will be discussed .
For information , contact GSUL@t - online .hu .
I will also give a talk at the conference .
THE LEGACY OF JOHN LAW
VERSUS
THE FUTURISTIC VISION OF R. BUCKMINSTER FULLER
I was fortunate to have met Marshall Thurber in law school in 1966 , a friendship that has lasted far longer than my abbreviated tenure at law school .
I am especially fortunate that Marshall later became a close friend and important supporter of Buckminster Fuller and his work .
In November , during a discussion about the current crisis which was predicted by Fuller more than 25 years ago , Marshall recommended I read Fuller 's final book , Grunch Of Giants ( Design Science Press , 1983 ) .
Out of print and offered at the time through Amazon at a collector 's price of $ 199 , Marshall offered to send me his original signed draft if the book was not readily available .
Fortunately , Marshall then directed me to the website of the Buckminster Fuller Institute where its price was $ 17.95 , see http://bfi.org/?q=node/406 .
I finished reading Fuller 's extraordinary work , Grunch Of Giants , on Christmas Day as Martha and I crossed the Alps .
At this time I will refrain from a personal recapitulation as the work stands on its own and readers are easily capable of reaching their own conclusions .
Nonetheless , Grunch of Giants confirmed for me the greatness and breadth of Fuller 's vision .
After reading Grunch of Giants I could not help but see the clear distinction between two diametrically opposed visions / versions of our world :
At one end of the spectrum is John Law's “ Scarcity Theory of Value ” and at the other is Buckminster Fuller 's “ False Assumptions of Scarcity ”
The two assumptions and theories are diametrically opposed in intent and consequence and do much to explain the difference between today 's world of crisis ( confirming John Law's theories on scarcity ) and tomorrow 's possible promise ( Buckminster Fuller 's belief in abundance )
EMERGENCE THROUGH EMERGENCY
Because of Marshall Thurber 's friendship with Buckminster Fuller , I am aware of Fuller 's belief in “ Universal Emergence Through Emergency ” .
It is increasingly clear that today 's crisis is rapidly approaching that of an emergency — the prerequisite for Universal Emergence .
Let us stand aside and help its birth .
A new and better world is on its way .
Gold and silver will help in the interim .
By Darryl Robert Schoon
www.survivethecrisis.com
www.drschoon.com
blog www.posdev.net
About Darryl Robert Schoon
In college , I majored in political science with a focus on East Asia ( B.A. University of California at Davis , 1966 ) .
My in - depth study of economics did not occur until much later .
In the 1990s , I became curious about the Great Depression and in the course of my study , I realized that most of my preconceptions about money and the economy were just that - preconceptions .
I , like most others , did not really understand the nature of money and the economy .
Now , I have some insights and answers about these critical matters .
In October 2005 , Marshall Thurber , a close friend from law school convened The Positive Deviant Network ( the PDN ) , a group of individuals whom Marshall believed to be " out - of - the - box " thinkers and I was asked to join .
The PDN became a major catalyst in my writings on economic issues .
When I discovered others in the PDN shared my concerns about the US economy , I began writing down my thoughts .
In March 2007 I presented my findings to the Positive Deviant Network in the form of an in - depth 148 - page analysis , " How to Survive the Crisis and Prosper In The Process . "
The reception to my presentation , though controversial , generated a significant amount of interest ; and in May 2007 , " How To Survive The Crisis And Prosper In The Process " was made available at www.survivethecrisis.com and I began writing articles on economic issues .
The interest in the book and my writings has been gratifying .
During its first two months , www.survivethecrisis.com was accessed by over 10,000 viewers from 93 countries .
Clearly , we had struck a chord and www.drschoon.com , has been created to address this interest .
Darryl R Schoon Archive
© 2005-2019 http://www.MarketOracle.co.uk - The Market Oracle is a FREE Daily Financial Markets Analysis & Forecasting online publication .
Comments
BicycleTheif
21 May 09 , 17:37 gold standard
Maintaining a gold standard while the relative price of gold increases requires deflation in the dollar prices of all other goods .
A combination of rising interest rates and mounting deflation would make debt increasingly expensive to repay , resulting in widespread business failures , and destabilizing speculation on the ( at present ) 1.3 Trillion every 24 hours currency markets about when the government was going to abandon the gold standard .
Bullion marketing people never seem to mention that gold standard politicians were driven out of office in 31 - 33 for the exact reasons that I outline above .
Gold prices collapsed along the same lines as Euro throughout 08 , as a result of a decline in manufacturing demand , and will do so again , as soon as any attempt will be made to curb US national debt by cuts to fiscal spending .
OldeReb
28 May 09 , 09:39 THE PENDING COLLAPSE
Is it possible that the scenario you so vividly present can be complimented mathematically ??
We must identify the operation of the Federal Reserve SYSTEM as it relates to Congress and the creation of fiat money .
When Congress wants to spend money it does not have , it issues securities ( bills , bonds , and notes ) to the FR SYSTEM and the Fed creates a line of credit ( fiat money ) on its accounting books and Congress ’ checks will subsequently not bounce .
The fiat monetary value of the security PRINCIPAL is created as a bookkeeping entry on the accounting books of the Federal Reserve .
The agreement is that Congress will pay off the principal AND the interest of the security in the future .
It is impossible .
The value of the interest has never been created .
The interest can only be paid by issuing more principal .
The debt is perpetual .
It can never be paid .
A scheme wherein interest is paid to early investors by the funds of later investors is a Ponzi scheme .
A Ponzi scheme ( actually any contract that cannot be culminated ) is an act of fraud and is void from its inception .
The subtle mathematical progression that is inherent will be overlooked by the casual reader .
As subsequent issues of securities will be required to have value deducted from the issued principal to pay for the earlier interest obligations , the effective interest on the later securities will be higher than the rate stated at the sale .
As time progresses and the debt is continually rolled over , the interest that reduces the effective value of issued securities continues to mount --- it is an exponential expansion .
If the rolled over securities value is constant , the resultant interest will eventually consume the entire value of the issued securities .
There will be no money from the securities to pay for government programs .
It is essential to continually increase the issued value of securities to conceal from the public the exponential increase in interest payments , but the exponential increase cannot be outrun .
The greater the issue of securities , the greater the increase in exponential growth of interest .
The inevitable result is hyper- inflation from fiat money creation via securities issued to pay the interest payments .
The trillion dollar deficit spending now facing posterity is the accumulated effect of sixty five years of a debt based national currency .
As to the public / private ownership of the Fed , we must distinguish between the twelve Federal Reserve Banks and the Federal Reserve Board of Governors .
They are distinctly different legal entities .
Ref. Title 12 , Sections 221 to 530 .
The FR Banks have been adjudicated to be privately owned ( Lewis v. United States , 680 F.2d 1239 ) with the stock required ( by the BOG ) to be purchased by member local banks .
However , Title 12 , Section 248 ( j ) provides that the BOG has supervisory and regulatory control of the FR Banks .
The banks should be considered as mere franchisees of the SYSTEM .
The BOG with 1800 employees in D.C. claims to be an agency of the government but it fails to comply with numerous parameters of an agency .
The ANNUAL REPORT OF THE BOARD OF GOVERNORS TO CONGRESS required by Title 12 , Section 247 for 2007 is available at http://www.federalreserve.gov/boarddocs/rptcongress/annual07/default.htm.
My 2006 hard copy has been signed by KPMG accounting firm at pages 303 , 313 , and 319 while PriceWaterhouse signed at page 321 .
Considerable financial data has been compiled on the 12 FR Banks while only three pages of fluff are devoted to the financial operations of the FR Board of Governors ( 304 - 306 ) .
Ownership investigation of the BOG would start with detailed analysis of their accounting books .
( All government agencies are subject to detailed accounting investigations by the GAO , are they not ??)
Fiat money is a way to steal the wealth of the people without taxation and has been used many times .
The creators of the Fed put up an acceptable façade in 1913 and Congress has used it as an open - ended credit card to buy votes with pork .
The cohorts of the Fed are on Wall Street --- they are not in Washington .
It does not take Ivan Bronsky or Milkin to know insider information is of great value .
The historic punishment of perpetrators of economic chaos on a nation / theft of the citizens ’ wealth is not water boarding as some have suggested .
Traian
17 Sep 09 , 09:22 mortgage problems ?
1 . Do you have problems paying your mortgage ?
2 . Have you lost your job ?
3 . Do you find it hard to pay for your daily expenses ?
4 . Are you scared that this period will reach you , and if it already has , do you find yourself unable to overcome this period ?
Whatever you might think , we live in a “ credit crunch society ” , and this why things like the economic crisis heaped .
The bad thing is that while billionaires lose money , but they still live , on the other hand you get to have huge problems and you find yourself with your face back to the wall .
98 percent of the globe population do not own huge companies or are extremely rich and they are the ones who are seriously bitten by the economic crisis .
They are the one who find it difficult to save enough money to overcome this period .
What caused the crisis ?
In many ways the root of the financial crisis is the housing correction which has resulted in illiquid mortgage - related assets that are choking off the flow of credit which is so vitally important to any country .
Not only in America this things have happened but in other countries too .
The problem is that normally an average family should afford an average house .
In reality things stay differently because a family must necessarily get a loan so that they can afford a house .
The problem is that this kind of behavior kills he economical workflow .
So instead of buying directly the houses , people are taking credits from the banks .
So if you want a normal house , you must take a loan to afford it and then work your ass of for the next 20 years .
This gets the market very slow until the point where a financial crisis like this happens .
Of course there are other factors that contributed to this event but this is one of the major ones .
And what ’s worst is that the crisis is not even close to an end .
So do you think you can overcome by taking the usual steps when facing a crisis ?
Nobody will remain unharmed by this period .
In order to help you successfully overcome this hard period of time , I ’m giving you a step by step guide that will help you elaborate a plan that best suites your financial situation .
For more go to http://www.how-to-survive-the-crisis.com/
bashxstar
24 Sep 09 , 10:00 depression UK
All statistics and past and present information indicate that the recession has a long way to go .
A whole decade or two .
From recession to depression …. it can happen …. why …….
Borrowing money now to fix the current state of economy ( short term goal as everything else in politics will only make further future debts even higher then they should be especially the way the western international banks charge interests , rates never stay low … for long periods unless we become a nation that conforms to the Islamic way of banking where interest are not allowed hence their economies have low interest for life …. which I highly doubt the big banks in the our part of the world will ever allow that .
This huge debt burden will be passed down to a future generation who are yet to finish the primarily school .
We have to think how is this future generation is going to make all this money up and if the state of the economy at that period will allow or facilitate them to do just that , they will have make very large contribution in tax from their wages , assuming that highly paid private sector jobs will be available to them in this country in huge numbers , which I will explain a later stage .
The new generation that we will be relying on or passing on the debt burden will be fewer in numbers in terms of total working population , as we no the current lifestyle in the UK has been for a while is to have one or two kids some leaving it to their 40s to have kids and when they do they are not having kids like so called baby bloomers who are currently going into the retirement stage …. which as you should of guessed by now that their pensions are paid by the present working population through tax and national insurance contribution for the state pension , and private company pension is paid by the present earnings of the present pension fund that is invested in stocks and shares , hence when money is whipped off the stock market where all these company have locked the employees pensions , you create what is a pension black hole !!.
On top of that as the baby bloomers are now expected to live longer which will means the total payout will be much higher then any forecast made by the NHS or any government health agency / treasury , as they will have to payout for longer time period on the other hand medical treatment cost or NHS costs will sky rocket as older people get they tend to have more medical treatment needs and the fact the current population trend suggest that there will be 3 pensioners per one adult working assuming that in the future all adults will be employed and pay their tax and is enough to pay for public services and the NHS bill .
I guess someone somewhere has been working on a balance … between pension costs and medical costs .
ie I have no doubts that the smoking band and other such policy is probably worked out with above two ratios in mind .
For each one has such I high costs related to it , probably cost levels are as high current debt levels … which very alarming .
the next major factor that can push us further into a depression is our position as a property / mortgage lead economy and its consequences for the nation .
Many have cashed their pensions or transferred most of the saving to property at the height of the property boom , hoping that it will be a nice little nest egg for them to spend from when retired , thinking that the property price will keep going up at a fast rate , however like all things , it is much dependent on the state of economy , prices can co go down to any value they were in the past , depending on the state of the economy a recession like this with such high debt levels going back to levels of the 1950 depression debt levels .
A house once thought to be security can now be a huge burden on the taker of the mortgage , interest rates will never stay low as they are at some point they will rise and with the rise those that are still employed and paying the mortgage will suddenly find themselves paying much higher mortgage payments which will either leave them with very little of amount of disposable income , intern affecting other parts of the economy such as retail sales etc … .
or losing their houses all together .
This will affect millions .
Like the millions already affected in the property market in the so called stabilisation of the property market we have seen in last two years 2008 - 2009 , those that are still hanging or depending on the property market as a livelihood are in for a big surprise and soon add further numbers on unemployment counter .
The other major factor intertwined with the above two factors I already mentioned is in the job creation areas .
We need more private sector jobs to be created then public sector jobs and theses jobs need replace many of the jobs that we have lost and may never get those types of jobs again .
Public sector jobs is funded by tax collected from the private sectors , many jobs in the past 5 years were created by government or local governments which are not sustainable , and we see the affects of that phiscally in the economy in the next few years as especially after the general election .
This massive stimulus package has been great for the economy but only in the short term by keeping jobs for bit longer , but because they were short term solutions based politics , and not addressing the real problems , like the sensational news that we have now without much depth of analysis then it reasonable to believe we have bought year of good statistics for the price of ten years of bad statistics , if only politicians stop to think about themselves and really put the country first .
As the stimulus package runs out and the economy will face the same problems it had before the stimulus package , unless new wave of stimulus is available and if we can afford to have them and not because on a whim of politician who wants to keep their seats .
More we borrow more we have to pay back , the further in red we go and the only out is to pay it all back starting from now , hence the jobs creation is the only vital thing that will enable us out of this financial meltdown .
We need really seriously look into this the creation of jobs and business development especially as we are now in a global world , we cannot afford to think locally , nationally without taking into context that we are competeting globally for business and jobs .
Radical rethinking must be applied if we are going to be competitive in a world platform where technology is rapidly increasing reducing the barriers of protectionism and driving competition to extent that those that embrace the technology through people intellect and technology infrastructure and lowering costs maybe win the hearts of big multinationals , conglomerates …( meaning jobs )
Just looking in the past history of UK , from the close down of coal mines and heavy industrial business that once thrived in the UK and employed many people and to its demise which probably lead to increase of a manufacturing sector rising and in the late eighties as we all now to well that came crashing down due international competition from overseas who were producing faster and cheaper , this however lead to rethinking of the UK job market , where UK then found it self becoming a service sector economy where most people were employed in what is now as tertiary and quaternary economy , people working in offices and retail which lead to us becoming a nation of shopper holics and shopping over our means leading as to a position we now as a nation , a mortgage lead / debt based economy .
Where the rise in our property value is actually our so called wealth and not the actual property .
The affects of this model we adopted we are now feeling the wrath of it and will always feel it as it as become a business cycle of boom and bust , majority of society will always get busted and lose everything , as they say in gambling , ‘ the house always wins ’ .
In the UK we have enjoyed what could described as a world leader in finance and banking , where many countries have relish the UK model and expertise that could found here , many of the world biggest companies had many advantages of locating to the UK for that reason which intend gave the UK great boost especially in job creation we had in city of London .
However with the recent crisis due to the financial institutions of UK and America … this may have been hampered …. will the growing economies of India and china want a financial model like us or any other countries want model their systems on our systems … with that in mind we have to look at the pace of technology and its effects to national economies .
There ’s is a huge potential that we may be facing yet another crisis of jobs that we are losing now may never come back to the UK due to this digital technological revolution , as internet and software now play a integral part in companies operations and a source of economies of scale to be reached many of the jobs that once was not feasible to be outsourced overseas can be done so , from back office jobs , customer services , accountants , law to teaching jobs .
Majority of theses can now be outsourced overseas for much lower costs , ie accountants and law jobs that require much of their time going through paper and analysing documents can be sent digitally to anywhere in the world and sent back for to countries they originated from to be signed of by one main accountant , lawyer etc .
Going back to my earlier point of a lost generation .
the future does look bleak unless we have radical rethinking about education , job creation and attracting business to the UK , we need more then a Peter Mandelson to save our economy , maybe we should put all the top university economics and business professors together in one room to find solutions for the future of UK .
In my opinion the recession ( depression ) will last 8 – 12 years with unemployment reaching 6 – 7 million around 2012 - 2014 .
the lost generation that I refer is a generation who are will be unemployed for long periods time first of them will be educated and not find jobs and the later will be a fall out from schools that are under funded and whose parents will be unemployed growing up with poverty which will lead a social breakdown in communities and crime rates soaring all over the country .
In cities This cause the neglect of housing estates as founding are cut back from redevelopment , the problem will be expiated as recent city redevelopments during the boom in housing market where space was of great value , many extra dwelling were created very close proximity to each other at the expense of social areas , where you get an area clustered in many people it only takes a few grieved teenagers and drug related activities taken up by a few to wreck an entire neighbourhood .
Making some areas no go zone , as depicted in many of the late 80s movies .
economistdude.blogspot
Andrew Ian Murphy
16 Oct 09 , 18:43 Extra Credit
I am wondering about this great train wreck ... it is now October of 2009 and no such event has yet occured .
There was a stimulus package , and lot 's of money and credit has been created by the government , so I guess I just want to ask someone out there , will the governments actions not prevent this predicted collapse , or will it just be delayed , maybe through an inflationary spiral ?
Joe Wurzelbacher lashed out at former GOP presidential nominee John McCain Tuesday .
Joe the Plumber : McCain ' appalled me '
Joe Wurzelbacher lashed out Tuesday at former GOP presidential nominee John McCain , the man who made Wurzelbacher famous as “ Joe the Plumber . ”
Wurzelbacher told conservative radio host Glenn Beck that he felt “ dirty ” after “ being on the campaign trail and seeing some of the things that take place . ”
Advertisement
Recalling a conversation he had with McCain about the $ 700 billion financial industry bailout in September , Wurzelbacher said : “ When I was on the bus with him , I asked him a lot of questions about the bailout because most Americans did not want that to happen . ”
“ I asked him some pretty direct questions , ” he continued .
“ Some of the answers you guys are gonna receive — they appalled me , absolutely .
I was angry .
In fact , I wanted to get off the bus after I talked to him . ”
Asked why he did n’t leave McCain ’s campaign if he was “ appalled ” by the candidate , Wurzelbacher said , “ honestly , because the thought of Barack Obama as president scares me even more . ”
While Wurzelbacher was critical of McCain during the interview , he had nothing but praise for his running mate , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin .
“ Sarah Palin is absolutely the real deal , ” he said .
Reddit Email 0 Shares
The Martin Luther King , Jr. that most Americans know is the man who said , “ I have a dream ” at a massive rally 250,000 strong in Washington , D.C. , on August 28 , 1963 , while standing on the steps of the Lincoln Memorial during a March on Washington for Jobs and Freedom .
That speech is about racial justice and ultimate reconciliation in the United States , and with the changes wrought in American law and practice by the Civil Rights movement , it is a speech that Americans can still feel hopeful about , even if we have not , as Dr. King would have said , “ gotten there yet . ”
But there was another King , the critic of the whole history of European colonialism in the global South , who celebrated the independence movements that led to decolonization in the decades after World War II .
The anti-imperial King is the exact opposite of the Neoconservatives who set US policy in the early twenty - first century .
Barack Obama , who inherits King ’s Civil Rights legacy and is also burdened with the neo-imperialism of the W. era , has some crucial choices to make about whether he will heed the other King , or whether he will get roped into the previous administration ’s neocolonial project simply because it is the status quo from which he will begin his tenure as commander in chief .
Cont ’d ( click below or on “ comments ” )
The US so neglects its educational system that relatively few Americans are exposed to world history in school .
Few of them know that roughly from 1757 to 1971 the great European powers systematically subjugated most of the peoples of the world .
tiny Britain ruled gargantuan India , along with Burma ( Myanmar ) , what is now Malaysia , Australia , some part of China , and large swaths of Africa ( Egypt , Sudan , Gambia , Rhodesia / Zimbabwe , South Africa , Tanzania , Ghana , etc. , etc . )
The colonial system was one of brutal exploitation of “ natives ” by Europeans , who derived economic , strategic and political benefits from this domination .
Dr. King frankly saw this imperial system as unadulterated evil .
In his “ The Birth of a New Nation , ” a sermon delivered at Dexter Avenue Baptist Church , Montgomery , Alabama on 7 April 1957 , King , just back from Africa , lays out his vision of the liberation of the oppressed from the failing empires .
He begins by celebrating the independence of Ghana ( formerly the Gold Coast ) on March 6 , 1957 , and praising the man who led his country to sovereignty , Kwame Nkrumah .
King and his wife , Coretta Scott King , had traveled to Ghana to attend the independence ceremonies .
He saw the victory of Ghana over the British imperialists as exemplifying a yearning in human beings in all times and places for liberty : “ Men realize that freedom is something basic , and to rob a man of his freedom is to take from him the essential basis of his manhood .
To take from him his freedom is to rob him of something of God ’s image . ”
The state of being colonized , of being under the thumb of another nation , another people , is from King ’s point of view an existential disfigurement , robbing human beings of their status as theomorphic or created in the image of the divine .
King recalled the ceremonials that he had witnessed with his own eyes on African soil :
‘ The thing that impressed me more than anything else that night was the fact that when Nkrumah walked in , and his other ministers who had been in prison with him , they did n’t come in with the crowns and all of the garments of kings , but they walked in with prison caps and the coats that they had lived with for all of the months that they had been in prison . . . at twelve o’clock that night we saw a little flag coming down , and another flag went up .
The old Union Jack flag came down , and the new flag of Ghana went up .
This was a new nation now , a new nation being born .
. .
And when Prime Minister Nkrumah stood up before his people out in the polo ground and said , “ We are no longer a British colony .
We are a free , sovereign people , ” all over that vast throng of people we could see tears .
And I stood there thinking about so many things .
Before I knew it , I started weeping .
I was crying for joy .
And I knew about all of the struggles , and all of the pain , and all of the agony that these people had gone through for this moment .
After Nkrumah had made that final speech , it was about twelve - thirty now .
And we walked away .
And we could hear little children six years old and old people eighty and ninety years old walking the streets of Accra crying , “ Freedom ! Freedom ! ”
They could n’t say it in the sense that we ’d say it — many of them do n’t speak English too well — but they had their accents and it could ring out , “ Free - doom ! ”
They were crying it in a sense that they had never heard it before , and I could hear that old Negro spiritual once more crying out :
Free at last !
Free at last !
Great God Almighty , I ’m free at last !’
It was as he stood in the square at Accra after midnight on the first day of the independence of a former African colony that he remembered those lines , to which he referred again in his “ I have a Dream ” speech some six years later at the Lincoln Memorial .
For King , Kwame Nkrumah was the Great Emancipator as much as Lincoln , and the achievement of civil rights for African Americans was a sort of decolonization , replicating the miracle of Ghana .
King recalled , in his 1957 sermon , how the new parliament was opened on a Wednesday and “ here Nkrumah made his new speech .
And now the prime minister of the Gold Coast with no superior , with all of the power that MacMillan of England has , with all of the power that Nehru of India has — now a free nation , now the prime minister of a sovereign nation . ”
That phrase , “ with no superior ” was central to King ’s thinking , both about decolonization and about civil rights in the US .
Colonized Ghanaians had had a superior in the form of the British high commissioner , who set policy for them by fiat .
African - Americans under Jim Crow had a superior .
But Nkrumah , as of March 6 , “ had no superior . ”
King took away from his experience in Africa the lesson that social mobilization was necessary to gain freedom .
It would not be gifted from on high , since colonial officials had no interest in abolishing their own power .
But King also said he admired Nkrumah ’s deployment of Gandhian techniques of nonviolent noncooperation to win independence .
He said he learned from the experience of Ghana that the quest for liberation would always be resisted , and that freedom workers should expect to go to jail , and to face fierce oppostion .
He recalled of his return journey through London ,
‘ remember we passed by Ten Downing Street .
That ’s the place where the prime minister of England lives .
And I remember that a few years ago a man lived there by the name of Winston Churchill .
One day he stood up before the world and said , “ I did not become his Majesty ’s First Minister to preside over the liquidation of the British Empire . ”
And I thought about the fact that a few weeks ago a man by the name of Anthony Eden [ then British Prime Minister ] lived there .
And out of all of his knowledge of the Middle East , he decided to rise up and march his armies with the forces of Israel and France into Egypt , and there they confronted their doom , because they were revolting against world opinion .
Egypt , a little country ; Egypt , a country with no military power .
They could have easily defeated Egypt , but they did not realize that they were fighting more than Egypt .
They were attacking world opinion ; they were fighting the whole Asian - African bloc , which is the bloc that now thinks and moves and determines the course of the history of the world . ‘
King was referring to the Suez War of 1956 , in which Israel , the United Kingdom and France conspired against Egyptian leader Gamal Abdel Nasser , who had nationalized the Suez Canal that July .
France feared Abdel Nasser because he gave hope and aid to the Algerian revolutionaries trying to end France ’s empire there .
Eden caricatured Abdel Nasser as a Mussolini figure needing to be taken down a notch lest the colonized countries get uppity in imitation of him .
Israel , always expansionist and land hungry , sought to take and keep the Sinai Peninsula right up to the Suez Canal .
Although King attributed the failure of the tripartite plot to the “ Afro - Asian bloc , ” it was actually President Dwight D. Eisenhower who intervened to push the three miscreants back out of Egypt .
Ike was afraid that the Arab nationalists would go Communist if the colonial powers and Israel insisted on humiliating them or refusing to let go of Arab land under foreign occupation .
Eisenhower pressured Israel to give up the Sinai , which it did sullenly .
It should be remembered that in 1956 - 57 , Britain , France and many in the US viewed Egyptian leader Abdel Nasser as a fascist , a tyrant , a supporter of terrorism who encouraged Palestinians in Gaza to attack Israel .
King was not taken in by the propaganda , which covered for neo-imperial acquisitiveness on the part of the aggressors .
We celebrate today the birth of a man who supported anticolonial trouble - makers such as Nkrumah and Abdel Nasser against the global forces of empire .
I think we may deduce from this stance exactly how he would feel about Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert ’s war on the people of Gaza .
King saw attaining civil rights in the US and decolonization in Africa and Asia as parallel processes .
It could be argued that Nkrumah ’s victory in 1957 was among the events that gave African - Americans hope in the Deep South .
Barack Obama told an anecdote about his father that reversed this causality .
At the Brown Chapel A.M.E. church in Selma , Alabama , in March , 2007 , 50 years after King saw Nkrumah become the ruler of a sovereign African country , Obama told the congregation :
‘ You see , my Grandfather was a cook to the British in Kenya .
Grew up in a small village and all his life , that ’s all he was — a cook and a house boy .
And that ’s what they called him , even when he was 60 years old .
They called him a house boy .
They would n’t call him by his last name .
Sound familiar ?
He had to carry a passbook around because Africans in their own land , in their own country , at that time , because it was a British colony , could not move about freely .
They could only go where they were told to go .
They could only work where they were told to work .
Yet something happened back here in Selma , Alabama .
Something happened in Birmingham that sent out what Bobby Kennedy called , “ Ripples of hope all around the world . ”
Something happened when a bunch of women decided they were going to walk instead of ride the bus after a long day of doing somebody else ’s laundry , looking after somebody else ’s children .
When men who had PhD ’s decided that ’s enough and we ’re going to stand up for our dignity .
That sent a shout across oceans so that my grandfather began to imagine something different for his son .
His son , who grew up herding goats in a small village in Africa could suddenly set his sights a little higher and believe that maybe a black man in this world had a chance .
What happened in Selma , Alabama and Birmingham also stirred the conscience of the nation .
It worried folks in the White House who said , “ You know , we ’re battling Communism .
How are we going to win hearts and minds all across the world ?
If right here in our own country , John , we ’re not observing the ideals set fort in our Constitution , we might be accused of being hypocrites .
So the Kennedy ’s decided we ’re going to do an air lift .
We ’re going to go to Africa and start bringing young Africans over to this country and give them scholarships to study so they can learn what a wonderful country America is .
This young man named Barack Obama got one of those tickets and came over to this country .
He met this woman whose great great - great - great - grandfather had owned slaves ; but she had a good idea there was some craziness going on because they looked at each other and they decided that we know that the world as it has been it might not be possible for us to get together and have a child .
There was something stirring across the country because of what happened in Selma , Alabama , because some folks are willing to march across a bridge .
So they got together and Barack Obama Jr. was born .
So do n’t tell me I do n’t have a claim on Selma , Alabama .
Do n’t tell me I ’m not coming home to Selma , Alabama . ‘
Obama ’s speech was also about the blessed estate of having “ no superior , ” of not being a colonial subject , of not being called “ boy ” by one ’s alleged social and racial “ superiors . ”
Obama ’s speech was an anticolonial one , which reversed the causation implicit in King ’s description of the independence celebration in Ghana .
Barack Obama , Sr. , was the recipient of a scholarship from the Kennedy administration that was offered in part under the influence of the US Civil Rights Movement .
The Neoconservatives , like Winston Churchill himself as long as he lived , never gave up the imperial dream .
They approved of the 1956 attack on Egypt by Israel , France and Britain .
They approved of Western dominance of the countries of the global South .
And Bush and his think tanks wanted to revive empire , to pretend it was 1920 , and that the common people lacked the skills to mobilize to stop their project of domination .
Obama ’s plan to order the beginning of a withdrawal from Iraq on day one of his administration is consistent with the anticolonialism of the King tradition and of Obama ’s own autobiography .
But the dark clouds over the Obama administration are Afghanistan and Palestine .
What Obama accomplishes on those two issues will powerfully shape his presidency .
Only if he can avoid perpetuating colonial abuses in both can he hope to claim the mantle of anticolonialism from King and from his own father .
For the Bush administration assiduously robbed other human beings of their status as images of the divine , and the US will not be whole until Afghans and Palestinians can say in the words of the old Negro spiritual , “ Free at Last , Free at Last , Great God Almighty , I ’m Free at Last . ”
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " Once again , Wally , you have accomplished nothing this quarter . "
Wally says , " What about that billion dollar cost - saving idea I had ? "
The Boss says , " Your idea would only save one dollar per year . "
Wally says , " Exactly .
In a billion years that a billion dollars . "
The Boss says , " The company wo n't be in business that long . "
Wally says , " Why not ?
Do you know something I do n't know ? "
Wally says , " So , what kind of raise are we looking at here ? "
Dilbert says , " He gave you a billion dollar raise ? "
Wally says , " It 's not as good as it sounds . "
Jake Gittes : Working for the District Attorney .
Evelyn Mulwray : Doing what ?
Jake Gittes :
As little as possible .
Evelyn Mulwray : The District Attorney gives his men advice like that ?
Jake Gittes :
They do in Chinatown .
- Robert Towne ( " Chinatown , " directed by Roman Polanski , 1974 ) .
There are , I believe , two kinds of people when it comes to crime and punishment .
There are those who understand that we are a nation of laws , and that our system does not serve vengeance but justice .
And those who are like something out of the Old Testament , eye for an eye righteous fumers whose philosophies on justice sound like something out of the most regressive , brutal and cruel sharia law .
I like to divide these groups into educated and ignorant .
These groups stand in stark contrast on the matter of Roman Polanski , and the two classifications - educated and ignorant - become more obvious when you look at Polanski's case .
The ignorant believe that Polanski should be serving life in prison or have been castrated or something equally harsh , and they are operating under the knowledge - free belief that the Polish filmmaker never faced justice in the matter of his rape of a 13 - year old girl .
The educated know better ; they know that Polanski pleaded guilty ( which is why he never went before a jury - when you plead guilty you skip the whole trial process , which exists to determine innocence or guilt ) and that he served time in Chino under psychiatric supervision as part of his plea bargain .
What the ignorant do n't know - and they would know all of this if they had watched the excellent , fascinating ( and directed by a woman ) documentary Roman Polanski : Wanted and Desired ( DVD release 1 . 27.09 ) - is that the judge in the case , a notorious showboater , decided to renege on the deal and wanted to send Polanski to jail for up to 50 years , a sentence even the prosecutor and Polanski 's victim felt was too harsh .
It was this aspect of the case - an out of control judge seeking media attention by meteing out an obviously unfair sentence - that drove Polanski to flee America , never again to return .
In Wanted and Desired prosecutor Roger Gunson goes on the record saying that the judge acted inappropriately , and the film makes the case that further attempts to get the Polanski case cleared up ran afoul of more publicity hounding - another judge said that Polanski could come back to America for a hearing only if it was televised .
And now this streak of cruel attention - seeking continues , says the victim in the case .
Samantha Geimer has called for the charges against Polanski to be dropped .
From a wire services story :
" I was the 13 - year - old girl Roman Polanski took advantage of on March 10 , 1977 , wrote Samantha Geimer , now a 45 - year old mother of three .
" I have urged that this matter come to a formal legal end .
I have urged that the district attorney and the court dismiss these charges . "
True as they may be , the continued publication of those details causes harm to me , my beloved husband , my three children and my mother .
I have become a victim of the actions of the district attorney , " she wrote in a brief filed with the court .
Geimer continued : " My position is absolutely clear .
Let us deal with the harm and continued harm that the pendency of this matter visits upon me and my family , and waive the legal niceties away , and cause it to be dismissed . "
( Note : Geimer has volunteered to come and speak at the upcoming January 21st hearing ) .
At this point is there any question that the DA in this matter is simply trying to score political points ?
When even the victim is asking that this endless case be closed so that she can move on with her life ?
The truth is that the case of Roman Polanski is a complicated one .
Yes , he was wrong for what he did .
Yes , he deserved punishment .
But he went through all the legal steps required of him , did everything ordered by the court , up until the point when the court decided to scrap the agreement .
There 's something Kafkaesque about Polanski's story , and this aspect is one that the American media ignores time and again .
Whether or not you agree with the plea bargain deal , it was reached fairly and legally .
Polanski committed a crime and he worked out a deal to pay his dues .
He was then wronged when the deal was ignored .
The case is filled with shades of gray that infuriate Americans , especially when it comes to sex crimes .
Polanski can be wrong and yet , at the same time , wronged .
Our system is set up to provide as much fairness as possible and despite the beliefs of the ignorant Old Testamenters , your rights do n't suddenly evaporate when you plead guilty .
You 're not supposed to be subject to the extralegal whims of a judge .
There 's supposed to be accountability .
Hopefully we 're closer to this whole matter being solved .
Will Polanski ever come back to America should the charges be dropped ?
Hard to say .
There are enough knuckle - heads out there that I guarantee any event at which Polanski appears will be picketed .
I 'm not sure it 's worth it for him anymore , except to prove a point .
Maybe it's a point that needs to be proven .
- Devin Faraci ( " The Curious Case of Roman Polanski , " The Devin 's Advocate , 1.13.09 .
Image : - Roman Polanski , " The Tenant , " directed by Roman Polanski , 1976 ) .
You 've probably heard that Midway 's in a bit of a financial bind right now , a bit hungry for cash .
How can they turn it around ?
Maybe with an iPhone game ?
Maybe with five of 'em ?
Advertisement
Well , the Chicago - based developer / publisher is giving it a go , announcing a quintet of iPhone and iPod Touch - bound games for later this month .
All five fall under the Touchmaster brand — this is n't Mortal Kombat Touch , folks , but pretty , colorful App Store appropriate fodder .
Prismatix , Dice King , Combo 11 , Carpet and Spellwinder will hit the iTunes App Store by end of January , giving Touchmaster flashbacks to the regularly inebriated and lonely bar patron .
Each is just 99 cents , with all five bundled for $ 3.99 .
Advertisement
Say , you know what would be great ?
Hydro Thunder .
On anything .
Amanda Turkel :
Conservatives are now brushing off the Schiavo case to use it against Thomas Perrelli , President - elect Obama ’s pick for the no .
3 spot at the Justice Department .
Right - wing websites are outraged at Obama ’s association with Perrelli , since he was one of the lawyers who represented Michael Schiavo , who wanted his wife ’s feeding tube removed .
The Washington Times today reports that these conservatives are now gearing up to fight Perrelli ’s nomination : Andrea Lafferty , executive director of the Traditional Values Coalition , derided Mr. Perrelli ’s selection as “ just another death - peddler Obama has added to his list of nominees . ”
She said he ’s earned the nickname among pro-lifers of “ Piranha Perrelli ” for his work on the case .
Tom McClusky , vice president for government affairs at the Family Research Council , said several end - of - life issues could make their way to the federal level in the next four years and having Mr. Perrelli at the department means pro-life causes would have a tougher time winning those debates .
“ If the Justice Department is n’t going to do anything about it , the states , what ’s to stop them from cases like Schiavo and even worse cases , ” Mr. McClusky said ... read on
If I remember correctly , the Terri Schiavo story was one of the first times the conservative movement was really exposed for the extremely insane positions they hold dear to the American people and they were as horrified as I was .
Tom Delay and his crew were so drunk with power that they even threatened the Republican judges involved in making the right decision .
( Above video from the C&L vault in 2005 )
Delay : Mrs. Schiavo ’s death is a moral poverty and a legal tragedy .
This loss happened because our legal system did not protect the people who need protection most , and that will change .
The time will come for the men responsible for this to answer for their behavior , but not today .
Today we grieve , we pray , and we hope to God this fate never befalls another .
Our thoughts and prayers are with the Schindlers and with Terri Schiavo ’s friends in this time of deep sorrow .
John McCain even got into the act .
And they even played the Terry Randle card .
America was horrified .
And so the conservative movement began to crumble because the media could n't waffle their way through it .
Bill Frist 's political career never survived his video tape diagnosis .
" I question it based on a review of the video footage which I spent an hour or so looking at last night in my office , " he said in a lengthy speech in which he quoted medical texts and standards .
" She certainly seems to respond to visual stimuli . "
His comments raised eyebrows in medical and political circles alike .
It is not every day that a high - profile physician relies on family videotapes to challenge the diagnosis of doctors who examined a severely brain - damaged patient in person .
When you have Sean Hannity camped out in front of Terry 's hospice , well , it was truly a disturbing time indeed .
I had to stop searching my data base because it was nauseating .
Let them bring this case up if they want .
I have all the video we 'll ever need to expose this once more .
I wish they would let Terry rest in peace ?
" Blaming the media " is
a catch - phrase that is used in almost cliché - level proportions .
But
when it comes to health care , a new study indicates it may be appropriate to fault media coverage for a lack of public knowledge about
health care policy — and by extension the false perception of reproductive
rights as ideological " hot rods " rather than women ’s health concerns .
A recently - released Pew Research study conducted with the Kaiser Family Foundation
monitored health coverage from January 2007 to June 2008 to determine
which subjects got the most coverage , and in which media .
The study
was designed to be particularly broad - ranging –rather than , for instance ,
analyzing how TV news covers breast cancer , the study looked at how
television , radio , print , online outlets and other forms of media covered
everything heath - related , from specific diseases to health policy and
more .
What were the results ?
According
to the report , " News about health occupies a relatively small amount
of American news coverage across all platforms : 3.6 % of news during
2007 and the first half of 2008 . "
In a list of most frequently covered
topics , health came in eighth–far above religion , education
and celebrities , but below the economy , crime , foreign affairs and politics .
These results , while hardly
thrilling , do n’t seem abysmal at first .
Health gets more coverage
than celebrities , after all , which seems like a victory in our current
climate .
But compounding the small amount of attention devoted to health ,
the breakdown within existing health coverage shows a tendency
to focus on controversial or sensational aspects of health issues , leaving
vital policy information behind .
One need only to think about the extreme
health stories on the nightly news ( Are your pills contaminated ?
Are
your children at risk from a rare strain of X? ) to understand the crux
of the problem .
Why focus on the actual public ramifications
of various diseases and policies when Jenny
McCarthy and Amanda Peet are going at it over autism ?
Or we can lure people in front of
the TV by frightening them ?
Sex .
Abortion .
Parenthood .
Power .
The latest news , delivered straight to your inbox .
SUBSCRIBE
This is a situation only too
familiar to reproductive health advocates , who often see the public health crises caused
by lack of reproductive health care submerged beneath the kind of pitched battles
or titillating stories the media loves .
Within the small percentage
of health news , outlets focused 41.7 % on specific diseases , the kind
of coverage which spikes somewhat when a celebrity like Elizabeth Edwards ,
Tony Snow , or Tim Russert has cancer or a heart attack .
Public health
issues made up 30.9 % of coverage , including stories like the tuberculosis - infected man-on - plane scandal ,
and reports on gossipy health problems like binge drinking .
Coming in third , actual health
policy made up only 24.7 % of general " health " coverage–and this
includes the political battles during the primaries and the SCHIP vote .
Considering that the American health care system is essentially broken ,
this is a dismal indicator : as the report notes , that means that health
policy news made up less than 1 % of media coverage during the
time period .
This is not to say that other aspects of health care coverage
are unimportant ( certainly , diseases and public health issues are probably
not covered deeply enough ) , but instead that sensational and celebrity - oriented
slants to health stories often obscure the practical health issues that
affect media consumers ’ lives .
An example of this is the fact
that HIV / AIDS stories made up only 2.2 % of stories related to health ,
even though misinformation
about the ( still very much present ) disease persists , and dissemination of accurate information
is crucial to preventing its transmission .
Newsflash : RH Issues Are
Health Issues
The lack of coverage when it
comes to HIV / AIDS is emblematic of a general failure when it comes to
the portrayal of sexual health and reproductive rights in the news media .
In our scandal and controversy - oriented news culture , reproductive health issues are treated as controversial flashpoints
or political footballs rather than genuine public and personal health
crises .
Many media personalities and reporters caught on to fact that
there is a connection between ideology and health during John McCain’s
infamous placing of " air quotes " around the word " women ’s health "
during a debate–but there has been little follow up on that connection .
One example of the way the
discussion is turned away from health and towards " morality " is
the firestorm over the HHS regulations that would allow providers
to " opt out " of medical procedures they find objectionable .
In focusing on the consciences and internal struggles of health care providers ,
rather than the difficulty women have accessing proper care , the media
does more damage than it possibly can be aware of .
Last month in Slate , Melinda Hennenberger offered an egregious
example of this : she spun a piece about the Freedom of Choice Act , legislation that
would expand women ’s access to reproductive care and abortion , into
an assault on the moral consciences of Catholics .
Presto — a bill meant
to protect women ’s health becomes an ideological war on the Catholic
church .
A juicier story , but a misleading one .
Rewire refuted Hennenberger ’s factual speculation
and even her colleague Dahlia Lithwick reminded
readers that women ’s health hangs in the balance , and often gets lost
in the shuffle , when this question is debated .
An example of how to address reproductive health issues in a non-sensational , health - based manner is Rachel Maddow’s
recent interview with Melissa Harris Lacewell , which was also discussed
on this site .
The
most remarkable thing about the interview was that rather than being
framed as a left - right battle royal , the priority of women ’s health
needs was acknowledged by both interviewer and interviewee , and was
the jumping off point for their discussion rather than the conclusion .
They still managed to talk for a long time , and it was even interesting !
There is a market for sensible ,
factual health coverage because it affects people ’s lives .
It ’s a
wonder that so many arbiters of what ’s " news " have yet to discover
that .
Framing reproductive health issues from a public health perspective , and boosting coverage of health care policy , are absolutely crucial to changing the
frame on reproductive rights back to what it ’s really about : women’s
access to the care they need .
Light graffiti , also known as light painting , is a photographic technique in which exposures are made usually at night or in a darkened room by moving a hand - held light source or by moving the camera .
This post features examples of beautiful and creative light graffiti .
Light Painting by rafoto
Orbing by Marc B.B
Play with Light by ddqhu
Light Graffiti by Lightmark
Poseidon by Eric Staller
Singer by versi16
Light Painting by Toby Keller
Botanical by Michael Bosanko
Max Ophuels Preis by Lichtfaktor
Under My Umbrella by Jacob Carter
Sax A Phone by Eran Hakim
Window Dressing by Eric Staller
Blinder by M R I
Snakes on a Pain by El Endemoniau
Rockstar by Simon Dehn
Air Fireball by Ben
Neon BMX by Sumthin’ Luv
Pac -Man Light Graffiti by robokon_gt
Waste Removal by The Path of Light
Armchair Alien by Michael Bosanko
For more inspiration , check out : Light Graffiti Cars
Many economists seem to think that the Austrian Theory of the Business Cycle is an explanatory projected circumscribed by its dependence on the identification of lose money created by a central bank as the necessary explanans for the boom and bust cycle .
But this is not Hayek ’s view , and a careful reading of Hayek makes is clear that Hayek considered other sources of the misdirection of capital through the time structure of production as equally valid generators of the artificial boom / inevitable bust pattern of the trade cycle .
In Hayek ’s view , the mere fact of the elasticity of the supply of credit in the private banking system makes it possible and likely that spikes in the supply of investment cash can set in motion expansions of credit that are unsustainable across the time structure of production and consumption .
Misperceived price signals in the credit system are quickly embodied in real goods — such as capital goods — becoming systematic distortions of the system of relative prices across the structure of production and consumption .
To put this in contemporary terms , a spike in investment cash from China and other Asian countries could set in motion a much more massive credit expansion by Western financial institutions far beyond anything warranted by this infusion of fresh investment capital , setting in motion unsustainable distortions across the time structure of production and consumption as described by the Austrian theory of the artificial boom and inevitable bust .
Hayek ’s rejection of lose monetary policy by a central bank as the necessary and exclusive explanans of the Austrian trade cycle theory can be found in Lecture IV of Hayek ’s Monetary Theory and The Trade Cycle .
Find there also Hayek ’s example of an artificial boom / inevitable bust cycle generated by private commercial banks rather than by a central bank .
From Hayek ’s perspective then , Jeffrey Rogers Hummel , Tyler Cowen and other economists are offering up a false dilemma when they suggest that an Austrian account of the current boom and bust must stand against an explanation of recent events which appeals to a spike in investment cash from China and other Asian countries as a central cause of the current boom and bust .
They are wrong to suggest that an Austrian explanation of the current boom and bust cycle must necessarily invoke monetary policy on the part of the Federal Reserve in its explanation , and they are wrong that an Austrian explanation cannot invoke the spike in investment cash from Asian as a trigger for a credit induced over - expansion which creates unsustainable distortions across the time structure of production and consumption .
A sound Austrian explanation might invoke the Asian investment spike alone , or it might invoke both the investment spike and Fed policy .
Or it might invoke Fed policy alone .
Theory does n’t rule in or out these alternatives , historical investigation and explanatory plausibility does .
Click in the extended section for quotes setting out the false alternative imagined by Hummel and Cowen , as well as a brief section from Hayek in which Hayek clearly rejects the identification of the Austrian theory solely with explanations that make essential appeal to central bank policy .
Here is an example from Jeffrey Rogers Hummel making the mistake of identifying Austrian boom / bust theory with central bank policy explanations , and holding out Austrian theory as an explanatory rival to any account which invokes investment cash from
China :
For those who are skeptical of explanations relying on irrational asset bubbles or pervasive market failure , there are three primary alternatives : ( 1 ) monetary expansion under Greenspan generating a self - reversing boom as in Austrian business cycle theory or something similar ; ( 2 ) government - induced moral hazard from some combination of subsidized risky mortgages , implicit government guarantees , leaking deposit insurance , and the infamous “ Greenspan put , ” which promised to use monetary policy to prevent any collapse of asset prices and bailout institutions too big to fail ; or ( 3 ) a savings - glut coming from abroad , particularly China , that then started to recede .
And here ’s an example of Tyler Cowen doing the same thing
I do n’t side with Austrian Business Cycle
Theory in citing loose monetary policy as the main factor in the artificial boom which preceded the crash .
I view the boom as having been fueled by new global wealth , most of all in Asia , and the liquification of that wealth through credit and the desire for additional risk .
Finally , here ’s a brief section where Hayek rejects the identification of the Austrian theory with an explanation appealing exclusively to central bank policy :
WASHINGTON 
It ’s the week before Election Day .
Do you know where your president is ?
Probably not , and that is by design .
With Senator John McCain lagging behind in the polls and many other Republicans fighting for their political lives , the nation ’s top Republican  President Bush  is intentionally lying low this week , and is likely to do so until after Americans cast their ballots to pick his successor .
Mr. Bush , an ardent student of politics , knows what it feels like to be down in the polls , and he is keeping a careful eye on the campaign .
Earlier this week , he made a surprise visit to the headquarters of the Republican National Committee to offer thanks to those who have served him for the past eight years , and deliver a little pep talk to lift the spirits of beleaguered McCain supporters .
“ He talked about how he was never supposed to win a campaign , ” said one person who attended , speaking anonymously because the session was off - the - record .
“ He talked about how in ’ 94 , 2000 , 2004 , they always said he had no chance , and he just encouraged us , to say it ’s just important to keep doing what we ’re doing and keep working hard . ”
The message was not entirely surprising .
What was striking is that Mr. Bush chose to deliver it in private .
Presidential visits to campaign headquarters are routine business in election years ; the day before voters cast their ballots in 2000 , President Bill Clinton dropped in on Democratic headquarters in Little Rock , Ark. to buck up campaign volunteers , even as he conceded that he had no idea which way the race between Vice President Al Gore and Mr. Bush , then the governor of Texas , would go .
Monster Truck Promoter Killed at Show
He 'd talked about how safe shows are , week after boy was killed in Washington .
Jan. 25 , 2009  --
A Wisconsin monster truck show promoter who spoke Friday about the safety record at his shows died today after he was injured in an accident Saturday night at an event he organized .
It was the second death at a monster truck show in nine days .
George Eisenhart Jr. , 41 , the president of Image Promotions , which puts on the Monster Truck Nationals , was hit by one of the trucks in the Motor Sports Monster Truck & Thrill Show Saturday night at the Alliant Energy Center Coliseum in Madison , Wis .
He died today , according to the Dane County Coroner .
Safety at monster truck shows came under scrutiny after a 6 - year - old boy was killed at a show in Tacoma , Wash . , when he was hit by flying debris from a truck that broke apart as it performed a flip .
But Eisenhart said Friday that the accident that killed Sebastin Hizey of Puyallup , Wash . , at the Monster Jam show in Tacoma on Jan. 16 was a fluke .
He said it was the first time a fan had been killed at a monster truck show and added that there has never been an accident in the 16 years of the Monster Truck Nationals .
The Monster Jam show is not affiliated with the Monster Truck Nationals .
" This is our 16th year , and I wish I had a big piece of wood to knock on right now , but we have not had an incident besides a gal slipping in the aisle at another location , " Eisenhart told ABC News affiliate WKOW - TV in Madison , Wis .
" That 's been all . "
He told WKOW that his company takes many precautions to ensure fan safety .
All the trucks in the show are routinely inspected , and as an added precaution the first four rows of seats in the arena are closed off to spectators .
" We think our venue is very safe and all the shows we do are very safe , " Eisenhart said .
Witnesses said Eisenhart was struck when he stepped out from a restricted area right into the path of an oncoming truck .
The show was ended after the accident and fans were asked to leave the arena .
Bill DiCarlo , executive director of the Alliant Energy Center , told the Milwaukee Journal - Sentinnel that the deaths of Eisenhart and Hizey should not be connected .
" These are two horrible sets of circumstances , not linked , but it 's very sobering , " he said .
The three - day show had been scheduled to continue today , but it was cancelled after the coroner announced that Eisenhart had died .
Typically the size of an object is 8 bytes for the object header plus the sum of the fields .
Consider this simple object :
1 2 3 4 5 6 class ThreeFields { double d ; object o ; int i ; }
The size of a ThreeFields object is 8 bytes ( for header ) + 8 bytes ( for the double ) + 4 bytes ( for the object pointer ) + 4 bytes ( for the integer ) = 24 bytes .
But what about a string ?
A string is composed of :
An 8 - byte object header ( 4 - byte SyncBlock and a 4 - byte type descriptor )
An int32 field for the length of the string ( this is returned by String .
Length ) .
An int32 field for the number of chars in the character buffer .
The first character of the string in a System .
Char .
The rest of the string in a character buffer , terminating with a null terminator char .
If you do n’t believe me about the null - terminator , have a poke around with Reflector .
String .
AppendInPlace ( ) demonstrates this nicely .
One reason this is done is to aid unmanaged interop .
Otherwise , everytime you marshal a string you ’d need to copy it and add the ”
So a string size is 18 + ( 2 * number of characters ) bytes .
( In reality , another 2 bytes is sometimes used for packing to ensure 32 - bit alignment , but I ’ll ignore that ) .
2 bytes is needed for each character , since .NET strings are UTF - 16 .
Thus , a string like so :
String mySimpleString = “ Hello ” ;
Will be 18 + ( 2 * 5 ) = 28 bytes .
Splendid .
Now consider this snippet of code .
It creates a String and a Stringbuilder with the same contents .
String atCompile = “ 123456789 ” ;
StringBuilder buildingMyString = new StringBuilder ( “ 123 ” ) ;
buildingMyString .
Append( “ 456 ” ) ;
buildingMyString.Append( “ 789 ” ) ;
String fromStringBuilder = buildingMyString.ToString ( ) ;
This should create two strings : atCompile and fromStringBuilder , which both read “ 123456789 ” .
How big are atCompile and fromStringBuilder ?
You might think :
18 + ( 2 * 9 ) = 36 bytes
The String atCompile is 36 bytes , as expected .
fromStringBuilder has the same contents , but is 50 bytes .
Eh ?
What ’s going on there ?
This weird behaviour is down to how System .
StringBuilder does a ToString ( ) .
Like most people , I believed it allocated a new string and then copied the contents of the StringBuilder in .
In reality , it just returns a reference to the string underpinning the StringBuilder .
StringBuilders work by using strings backed with char buffers increasing in size in powers of two .
A string does not need to be backed by a char buffer matching the string length ; ‘ expansion room ’ is permitted .
In this case , fromStringBuilder is backed by a 16 - byte array , so is 18 + ( 2*16 ) = 50 bytes , as observed .
But what happens if the StringBuilder is then edited ?
Does n’t the String we just got from ToString ( ) then become invalid ?
Yes it does .
When you do this append , StringBuilder copies the existing contents to a new string , and uses this new string .
The String we got via ToString ( ) continues to point to the String that has been discarded by the StringBuilder .
This String is still backed by an over - sized char [ ] .
I presume Microsoft made this design decision because it is a common idiom to create a StringBuilder , append to it , ToString ( ) it , and then never use it again .
Copying all those bytes from the StringBuilder to a String would be a waste .
Even if you then append to the StringBuilder after doing your ToString ( ) , the resulting copy of the StringBuilder ’s underlying string requires no time than would copying it during the ToString ( ) .
Two big cats were caught on camera by rangers who were filming a deer survey , the Forestry Commission revealed today .
Under a Freedom of Information
Act request , the government agency confirmed that two " reliable " sightings of large cats have taken place in the last seven years .
Experts monitoring deer using thermal imaging cameras spotted the animals on two separate occasions in different parts of the Forest of Dean , Gloucestershire .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Commission spokesman Stuart Burgess said the sights had been confirmed by " very experienced " rangers unlikely to mistake deer for big cats .
He said today : " Both were observed in low light , using heat - activated vision equipment while they were carrying out a deer census .
The colour of the animals could n't be made out , but these are very experienced guys and they know what is and what is n't a deer .
One definitely believed that what he saw was some sort of large cat . "
The first sighting was at the outskirts of Churchill enclosure , east of Parkend in February 2002 .
The second was on the southern slopes of Staple Edge in March 2005 .
There was no sign of large cats during the most recent deer census in March 2008 , however .
Gloucestershire police also suspect there are pairs living in the Forest of Dean and around Cirencester and say they " take sightings seriously " .
The force 's wildlife and environmental crime officer , Mark Robson , who gathers evidence about glimpses of the creatures , said today : " I have been looking at big cat sightings since 2002 and believe the two examples to be credible sightings .
" Gloucestershire Constabulary gets around 100 sightings a year from members of the public .
Most of these are at some distance , it 's very rare to have a close encounter .
" If you suspect you 've seen a big cat you should jot down the details and contact the police .
We will take sightings seriously and will investigate . "
The sighting is one of several in the Forest this decade .
In November 2006 , schoolboys Joe Tingle and Chay Maidment ran in terror after a big " green- eyed " animal came towards them through undergrowth near Ruspidge .
In March , a big cat was seen by a dog walker who believed he had met a leopard .
A survey by the British Big Cats Society showed more than 2,000 suspected big cat sightings were reported nationwide between 2004 and 2005 .
Besides Gloucestershire , only Devon and Yorkshire recorded more sightings among the English regions during that time .
Most wild cat sightings are attributed to panthers , with a handful of reports put down to their smaller cousins the lynx , once native in this country .
Their freedom in the wild is attributed to a range of sources from escaped zoo and circus animals to a mass release in the 1970s after the enforcement of the Dangerous Wild Animals Act .
Deputy surveyor Rob Guest , who was present at both sightings , said today that his team were " interested , excited , and surprised " when the unmistakable thermal images appeared in the gloom .
It was the clear shape of the animals ' long tails that told Mr Guest 's crew they were not dealing with a deer , he said .
He said : " I was driving at the time , which is quite something in itself through the forest at night .
The images showed up white on the thermal imaging equipment which registers body heat .
" You basically get a white image upon a black background .
It was clear enough so that the tail was very , very obvious .
It was more than a deer .
" I could n't tell you how big they were or what they were .
They were just large , full cats .
" At that time , going back five years , there were lots of sightings and rumours .
At the second sighting in 2005 , there were a lot of rabbits living in that particular area , and studies have shown that , when cats go wild , rabbits are a major source of their food . "
One theory was that people had kept them and then released them after stricter laws came into effect , he said .
Mr Guest , 58 , who has worked for the Forestry Commission for 18 years , said these were the only two wild big cats he had seen in his career .
He continued : " It may just have been one or two ranging over huge distances .
The forest is fairly wild country anyway , so that may be the reason they were there .
" We were n't scared , but more interested , excited and surprised . "
The deer surveys , which take place every three years , are carried out all night for three or four weeks .
At the time of the sightings Mr Guest was accompanied by only one or two colleagues .
In this post ( the first of two ) Web Designer Matt Brett shares some reflections and tips from the process of redesigning my Digital Photography School blog .
When I was approached by Darren to take on the task of not only redesigning , but expanding his Digital Photography Schoolblog , I was thrilled and a little intimidated .
I knew it was going to be a massive undertaking on all fronts .
With DPS being one of Darren ’s largest projects and with it having such a huge following , the pressure was on to deliver a top notch redesign .
Setting Our Course
Most projects I take on are personal blogs , or brand new sites .
Neither of which require a whole lot of planning up front .
DPS was different in that it is well established and chalk full of content .
Before we settled on a timeline , I thoroughly assessed every step of the project and created an outline that spanned a total of 5 weeks .
Phase 1 – Design ( 7 days )
Phase 2 – XHTML / CSS
Templates ( 3 days )
Phase 3 – WordPress Development ( 7 - 10 days )
Phase 4 – Forum Integration ( 3 days )
Phase 5 – Finishing Touches ( 2 days )
The WordPress Development phase ended up taking a bit longer than anticipated , as we managed to sneak in some new features along the way .
Which in turn cut down the amount of time allotted for the forum integration .
At the end of it , I had to put in a bit of extra time to tidy up some display bugs ( primarily with different versions of Internet Explorer , of course ) .
But overall , we managed to stick pretty closely to the schedule and consider the launch of the new site a success .
It ’s All About Structure
One of the most important and underappreciated steps in designing or redesigning any website , is coming up with a solid structure ( or layout ) .
Most people call this the wireframing stage , which has been part of my regular routine for years now .
Spending a day or two to really flesh out just how you ’re going to lay things out not only makes it easier for the client to get a clear picture of where things are headed , but also eases the amount of revisions in the design phase .
It ’s much easier to move things around and make significant changes when you ’re dealing with flat boxes and placeholders .
Before the end of my second day on the project , I delivered a wireframe for the article layout which basically looks like a stripped down version of the final design .
After a couple revisions , I took the wireframe and started playing with colours and styles ( click image for enlarged view ) .
Design Direction
It ’s always nice when a client gives you free reign to try new things when it comes to design .
Darren really did n’t give me a lot of direction in this department , other than to see he wanted something that looked more professional and one of the main goals was to increase usability and readability .
I spent some time checking out the current trends via design showcases , and determined which routes I did n’t want to take .
I also peaked around at other photography and camera equipment sites to see what related others in the same field were doing .
There seemed to be a lot of stark contrast – typically , sites would be on a solid which background with one dominant colour .
Similar to the previous version of DPS which was blue and white .
First on the not - to - do list , was “ Do n’t use white , anywhere . ”
With the exception highlights in some of the icons , I stuck to that .
Using off - white and beige in place of # fff .
It did n’t take long before I started working with some rich browns , and almost gold tones .
While this normally would n’t be my first choice for a colour scheme , I felt with it being completely different from the previous design and out of the ordinary for this type of site , it might be just what we need for a fresh , new feel .
When Darren mentioned he wanted to split the site up into 3 separate blogs , I immediately thought of doing a unique dominant colour for each .
Since “ Photography Tips & Tutorials ” was basically the catch - all blog and closely resembled what the previous version of DPS was , it made sense to go with blue .
From there , I simply went through my colour pallete and chose some other colours that worked well with the rest of the site .
Green was a no- brainer , and I wanted to use red for the “ Post Production ” blog .
The problem there , was that it ended up being closer to pink than red , which Darren was n’t thrilled about .
When toned down to more closely match the blues and greens , we ended up with a very muddled red which is closer to brown , but still works ( click image for enlarged view ) .
The rest of the aesthetics came together pretty easily .
I decided there would be no high gloss or “ wet floor ” type effects .
And instead opted for soft gradients which brought a warm feeling to the site that the stark contrast of the previous version lacked .
On Thursday Matt will continue to reflect upon the redesign of DPS .
Stay tuned to ProBlogger ’s RSS feed for the 2nd part .
LLVM
The LLVM , Low Level Virtual Machine , is a really cool compiler infrastructure project with many participants .
The idea is that if you want to make a new high quality compiler you just have to generate LLVM code , and then there are lots of optimizations and code generators available to get fast code .
There are different ways to generate input to the LLVM tools .
You can generate a text file with LLVM code and feed it to the tools , or you can use bindings for some programming language and programmatically build the LLVM code .
The original bindings from the LLVM project is for C++ , but they also provide C bindings .
On top of the C bindings you can easily interface to other languages ; for instance O'Caml and Haskell .
There are also diffent things you can do to LLVM code you have build programmatically .
You can transform it , you can write to a file , you can run an interpreter on it , or execute it with a JIT compiler .
Haskell LLVM bindings
There is a Haskell binding to the LLVM .
It has two layers .
You can either work on the C API level and have ample opportunity to shoot your own limbs to pieces , or you can use the high level interface which is mostly safe .
Bryan O'Sullivan did all the hard work of taking the C header files and producing the corresponding Haskell FFI files .
He also made a first stab at the high level interface , which I have since change a lot ( for better or for worse ) .
An example
f x y z = ( x + y ) * z
Int32
Int
mAddMul :: CodeGenModule ( Function ( Int32 -> Int32 -> Int32 -> IO Int32 ) ) mAddMul = createFunction ExternalLinkage $ \ x y z -> do t For comparison , the LLVM code in text for for this would be : define i32 @_fun1 ( i32 , i32 , i32 ) { % 3 = add i32 %0 , %1 %4 = mul i32 % 3 , %2 ret i32 % 4 }
So what does the Haskell code say ?
The mAddMul definition is something in the CodeGenModule monad , and it generates a Function of type Int32 -> Int32 -> Int32 -> IO Int32 .
That last is the type of f above , except for that IO .
Why the IO ?
The Haskell LLVM bindings forces all defined functions to return something in the IO monad , because there are no restriction on what can happen in the LLVM code ; it might very well do IO .
So to be on the safe side , there 's always an IO on the type .
If we know the function is harmless , we can use unsafePerformIO to get rid of it .
So the code does a createFunction which does what the name suggests .
The ExternalLinkage argument says that this function will be available outside the module it's in , the obvious opposite being InternalLinkage .
Using InternalLinkage is like saying static on the top level in C .
In this examples it does n't really matter which we pick .
The function has three arguments x y z .
The last argument to createFunction should be a lambda expression with the right number of arguments , i.e. , the number of arguments should agree with the type .
We the use monadic syntax to generate an add , mul , and ret instruction .
The code looks like assembly code , which is the level that LLVM is at .
It 's a somewhat peculiar assembly code , because it's on SSA ( Static Single Assignment ) form .
More about that later .
So what can we do with this function ?
Well , we can generate machine code for it and call it .
main = do addMul
In this code addMul has type Int32 -> Int32 -> Int32 -> IO Int32 , so it has to be called in the IO monad .
Since this is a pure function , we can make the type pure , i.e. , Int32 -> Int32 -> Int32 -> Int32 . main = do addMul
The unsafePurify functions is simply an extension of unsafePerformIO that drops the IO on the result of a function .
So that was pretty easy .
To make a function , just specify the LLVM code using the LLVM DSEL that the Haskell bindings provides .
Fibonacci No FP example is complete without the Fibonacci function , so here it is .
m Fib :: CodeGenModule ( Function ( Word32 -> IO Word32 ) ) m Fib = do fib do -- Create the two basic blocks .
recurse 2 test 2 defineBasicBlock exit ret ( 1:: Word32 ) -- Recurse if > 2 , using the cumbersome plus to add the results .
defineBasicBlock recurse x1 Instead of using createFunction to create the function we 're using newFunction and defineFunction .
The former is a shorthand for the latter two together .
But splitting making the function and actually defining it means that we can refer to the function before it 's been defined .
We need this since fib is recursive .
Every instruction in the LLVM code belongs to a basic block .
A basic block is a sequence of non-jump instructions ( call is allowed in the LLVM ) ending with some kind of jump .
It is always entered at the top only .
The top of each basic block can be thought of as a label that you can jump to , and those are the only places that you can jump to .
The code for fib starts with a test if the argument is Unsigned Greater Than 2 .
The condBr instruction branches to recurse if test is true otherwise to exit .
To be able to refer to the two branch labels ( i.e. , basic blocks ) before they are defined we create them with newBasicBlock and then later define them with defineBasicBlock .
The defineBasicBlock simply starts a new basic block that runs to the next basic block start , or to the end of the function .
The type system does not check that the basic block ends with a branch ( I can't figure out how to do that without making the rest of the code more cumbersome ) .
In the false branch we simply return 1 , and in the true branch we make the two usual recursive calls , add the results , and return the sum .
As you can see a few type annotations are necessary on constants .
In my opinion they are quite annoying , because if you write anything different from :: Word32 in those annotations there will be a type error .
This means that in principle the compiler has all the information , it 's just too " stupid " to use it .
The performance you get from this Fibonacci function is decent , but in fact worse than GHC with - O2 gives .
Even with full optimization turned on for the LLVM code it 's still not as fast as GHC for this function .
[ Edit : Added assembly ]
Here is the assembly code for Fibonacci .
Note how there is only one recursive call .
The other call has been transformed into a loop .
_fib : pushl %edi pushl %esi subl $ 4 , %esp movl 16 ( %esp ) , %esi cmpl $ 2 , %esi jbe LBB1_4 LBB1_1 : movl $ 1 , %edi .align 4,0x90 LBB1_2 : leal - 1( %esi ) , %eax movl %eax , ( %esp ) call _fib addl %edi , %eax addl $ 4294967294 , %esi cmpl $ 2 , %esi movl %eax , %edi ja LBB1_2 LBB1_3 : addl $ 4 , %esp popl %esi popl %edi ret LBB1_4 : movl $ 1 , %eax jmp LBB1_3 Hello , World !
The code for printing " Hello , World ! " : import Data .
Word import LLVM .
Core import LLVM.ExecutionEngine bldGreet :: CodeGenModule ( Function ( IO ( ) ) ) bldGreet = do puts IO Word32 ) greetz
To get access to the C function puts we simply declare it and rely on the linker to link it in .
The greetz variable has type pointer to array of characters .
So to get a pointer to the first character we have to use the rather complicated getElement Ptr instruction .
See FAQ about it .
Phi instructions
Let 's do the following simple C function int f( int x ) { if ( x < 0 ) x = - x ; return ( x+1 ) ; } Let 's try to write some corresponding LLVM code : createFunction ExternalLinkage $ \ x -> do xneg
But what should we put at ??? ?
When jumping from the condBr the value is in x , but when jumping from the negation block the value is in x ' .
And this is how SSA works .
Every instruction puts the value in a new " register " , so this situation is unavoidable .
This is why SSA ( and thus LLVM ) form has phi instructions .
This is a pseudo - instruction to tell the code generator what registers should be merged at the entry of a basic block .
So the real code looks like this : mAbs1 :: CodeGenModule ( Function ( Int32 -> IO Int32 ) ) mAbs1 = createFunction ExternalLinkage $ \ x -> do top
The phi instruction takes a list of registers to merge , and paired up with each register is the basic block that the jump comes from .
Since the first basic block in a function is created implicitely we have to get it with getCurrentBasicBlock which returns the current basic block .
If , like me , you have a perverse interest in the machine code that gets generated here is the optimized code for that function on for x86 : __fun1 : movl 4 ( %esp ) , %eax movl %eax , %ecx sarl $ 31 , %ecx addl %ecx , %eax xorl %ecx , %eax incl %eax ret Note how the conditional jump has cleverly been replaced by some non-jumping instructions .
I think this code is as good as it gets .
Loops and arrays
Let 's do a some simple array code , the dot product of two vectors .
The function takes a length and pointers to two vectors .
It sums the elementwise product of the vectors .
Here 's the C code : double dotProd ( unsigned int len , double * aPtr , double * b Ptr ) { unsigned int i ; double s ; s = 0 ; for ( i = 0 ; i != len ; i++ ) s += a Ptr[ i ] * b Ptr[i ] ; return s ; }
The corresponding LLVM code is much more complicated and has some new twists .
import Data .
Word import Foreign .
Marshal .
Array import LLVM .
Core import LLVM.ExecutionEngine mDotProd :: CodeGenModule ( Function ( Word32 -> Ptr Double -> Ptr Double -> IO Double ) ) mDotProd = createFunction ExternalLinkage $ \ size a Ptr b Ptr -> do top withArrayLen b $ \ bLen b Ptr -> ioDotProd ( fromIntegral ( aLen `min` bLen ) ) a Ptr bPtr let a = [ 1,2,3 ] b = [ 4,5,6 ] print $ dotProd a b print $ sum $ zipWith ( *) a b First we have to set up the looping machinery .
There a four basic blocks involved : the implicit basic block that is created at the start of every function , top ; the top of the loop , loop ; the body of the loop , body ; and finally the block with the return from the function , exit .
There are two " registers " , the loop index i and the running sum s that arrive from two different basic blocks at the top of the loop .
When entering the loop from the first time they should be 0 .
That 's what the phi instruction specifies .
The valueOf function simply turns a constant into an LLVM value .
It 's worth noting that the initial values for the two variables are constant rather than registers .
The control flow also reached the basic block loop from the end of body , but we do n't have the names of those registers in scope yet , so we can't put them in the phi instruction .
Instead , we have to use addPhiInputs to add more phi inputs later ( when the registers are in scope ) .
The most mysterious instruction in the LLVM is getElement Ptr .
It simply does address arithmetic , so it really does something quite simple .
But it can perform several levels of address arithmetic when addressing through multilevel arrays and structs .
In can take several indicies , but since here we simply want to add the index variable to a pointer the usage is pretty simple .
Doing getElement Ptr aPtr ( i , ( ) ) corresponds to a Ptr + i in C .
To test this function we need pointers to two vectors .
The FFI function withArrayLen temporarily allocates the vector and fills it with elements from the list .
The essential part of the function looks like this in optimized x86 code : pxor %xmm0 , %xmm0 xorl %esi , %esi .align 4,0x90 LBB1 _2 : movsd ( %edx , %esi , 8 ) , %xmm1 mulsd ( %ecx , %esi , 8 ) , %xmm1 incl %esi cmpl %eax , %esi addsd %xmm1 , %xmm0 jne LBB1_2
Which is pretty good .
Improving this would have to use SSD vector instructions .
This is possible using the LLVM vector type , but I 'll leave that for now .
Abstraction
The loop structure in dotProd is pretty common , so we would like to abstract it out for reuse .
The creation of basic blocks and phi instructions is rather fiddly so it would be nice to do this once and not worry about it again .
What are the parts of the loop ?
Well , let 's just do a simple " for " loop that loops from a lower index ( inclusive ) to an upper index ( exclusive ) and executes the loop body for each iteration .
So there should be three arguments to the loop function : lower bound , upper bound and loop body .
What is the loop body ?
Since the LLVM is using SSA the loop body can't really update the loop state variables .
Instead it 's like a pure functional language where you have to express it as a state transformation .
So the loop body will take the old state and return a new state .
It 's also useful to pass the loop index to the loop body .
Now when we 've introduced the notion of a loop state we also need to have an initial value for the loop state as an argument to the loop function .
Let 's start out easy and let the state to be updated in the loop be a single value .
In dotProd it 's simply the running sum ( s ) .
forLoop low high start incr = do top
The low and high arguments are simply the loop bounds , start is the start value for the loop state variable , and finally incr is invoked in the loop body to get the new value for the state variable .
Note that the incr can contain new basic blocks so there 's no guarantee we 're in the same basic block after incr has been called .
That 's why there is a call to getCurrentBasicBlock before adding to the phi instructions .
So the original loop in dotProd can now be written s do ap So that was n't too bad .
But what if the loop needs multiple state variables ?
Or none ?
The tricky bit is handling the phi instructions since the number of instructions needed depends on how many state variables we have .
So let 's creat a class for types that can be state variables .
This way we can use tuples for multiple state variables .
The class needs two methods , the generalization of phi and the generalization of addPhiInputs .
class
Phi a where phis :: BasicBlock -> a -> CodeGenFunction r a add Phis :: BasicBlock -> a -> a -> CodeGenFunction r ()
A simple instance is when we have no state variables .
instance Phi ( ) where phis _ _ = return ( ) add Phis _ _ _ = return ()
We also need to handle the case with a single state variable .
All LLVM values are encapsulated in the Value type , so this is the one we create an instance for .
instance ( IsFirstClass a ) =>
Phi ( Value a ) where phis bb a = do a '
Finally , here 's the instance for pair .
Other tuples can be done in the same way ( or we could just use nested pairs ) .
instance ( Phi a , Phi b ) =>
Phi ( a , b ) where phis bb ( a , b ) = do a '
Using this new class the looping function becomes forLoop :: forall i a r .
( Phi a , Num i , IsConst i , IsInteger i , IsFirstClass i ) => Value i -> Value i -> a -> ( Value i -> a -> CodeGenFunction r a ) ->
CodeGenFunction r a forLoop low high start incr = do top
File operations
The Haskell bindings provide two convenient functions - writeBitcodeToFile and readBitcodeFromFile - for writing and reading modules in the LLVM binary format .
A simple example : import Data .
Int import LLVM .
Core mIncr :: CodeGenModule ( Function ( Int32 -> IO Int32 ) ) m Incr = createNamedFunction ExternalLinkage " incr " $ \ x -> do r Running this will produce the file incr.bc which can be processed with the usual LLVM tools .
E.g. $ llvm - dis < incr.bc # to look at the LLVM code $ opt - std- compile - opts incr.bc -f -o incrO.bc # run optimizer $ llvm - dis < incrO.bc # to look at the optimized LLVM code $ llc incrO.bc # generate assembly code $ cat incrO.s # look at assembly code Reading a module file is equally easy , but what can you do with a module you have read ?
It could contain anything .
To extract things from a module there is a function getModuleValues which returns a list of name - value pairs of all externally visible functions and global variables .
The values all have type ModuleValue .
To convert a ModuleValue to a regular Value you have to use castModuleValue .
This is a safe conversion function that makes a dynamic type test to make sure the types match ( think of ModuleValue as Dynamic and castModuleValue as fromDynamic ) .
Here 's an example : import Data .
Int import LLVM .
Core import LLVM .
ExecutionEngine main = do m > = createExecutionEngine funcs IO Int32 ) Just ioincr = lookup " incr " funcs >>= castModuleValue incr = unsafePurify $ generateFunction ee ioincr print ( incr 41 )
This post is getting rather long , so I 'll let this be the last example for today .
Labels : Code generation , DSL , Haskell , LLVM
Let 's do an example .
We 'll write the LLVM code for this functionIn Haskell this function is polymorphic , but when generating machine code we have to settle for a type .
Let 's pick .
( The Haskelltype can not be used in talking to LLVM ; it does n't a well defined size . )
Here is how it looks :
( CNN ) --
It appears that Kevin Bacon was one degree too close to Bernie Madoff .
Kevin Bacon and his wife , Kyra Sedgwick , had investments with Bernie Madoff , Bacon 's publicist says .
more photos »
Bacon , the prolific actor , and his wife , fellow screen star Kyra Sedgwick , had investments with Madoff , the financial guru accused of swindling his clients out of $ 50 billion in a massive Ponzi scheme , Bacon 's publicist told CNN Tuesday .
Publicist Allen Eichhorn did not say how much the couple lost , declining to address reports that the figure was in the millions .
" Let 's not speculate , " he said .
Dreamworks Animation CEO Jeffrey Katzenberg and a charity run by director Steven Speilberg mark some of the other Hollywood heavyweights allegedly bilked by Madoff , who remains in his Manhattan home on house arrest after posting $ 10 million bail .
Bacon , whose credits include " Mystic River , " " Footloose " and the recent political biopic " Frost / Nixon , " has appeared in 64 movies or television programs since 1978 , according to the Internet Movie Database .
It 's a career that spawned the parlor game " Six Degrees of Kevin Bacon , " in which players attempt to link any other actor to Bacon based on the massive number of co-stars with whom he has worked .
Sedgwick stars in TNT's " The Closer , " and has screen credits that include " Singles " and " Born on the Fourth of July . "
TNT is a unit of Time Warner , CNN 's parent company .
Madoff was charged earlier this month with securities fraud in a scandal that has shaken financial communities around the globe .
He is accused of running the $ 50 billion Ponzi scheme from his investment advisory business -- a scam that could result in huge losses to financial firms , charities and individual investors worldwide .
All About Bernard Madoff • Kevin Bacon
Yesterday , while looking through the Comdex news feeds , I stumbled across a Mini Mi 1000 HP product announcement from HP .
The Mini Mi retails from just $ 329.99 and ships with Mobile Internet , a " user - friendly , all - inclusive interface built on Linux " .
What caught my eye on the product page was n't the description of the GUI , it was what followed on the next line .
Preceded by " Please note " in bold , the HP page states " the Linux command line interface is disabled on this edition . "
I contacted HP to ask why it had disabled the Linux command line interface .
HP offered the following statement from Jonathan Kaye , the Director of Consumer Notebooks at HP :
The HP Mini 1000 with Mi is designed for the consumer who wants to do the main activities with their computer such as email , browsing the Internet , and chatting without worrying about operating systems or what is inside .
HP is focused on the user experience and developed the HP Mini 1000 with Mi for the mass consumer market that wants a complete mobile Internet experience and not just a Linux computer .
As this is HP ’s first product with a custom user interface built on Linux , HP is very open to customer feedback that could help improve the experience .
I write from a very particular viewpoint : I am , at least as far as Linux is concerned , almost exclusively a command - line user .
For me , the notion that there could be a Linux distribution without command - line access sounded strangely like Heresy .
And yet , could there be a greater vote of confidence in the consumer power of Linux distributions than HP 's decision to move forward with this version of Mobile Internet ?
In a move that closely parallels Google 's Android release , HP has produced a device targeted at the consumer marketplace rather than at the casual Linux hobbyist .
Its device focuses on what most end - users actually do with their systems : e-mail , browsing , chatting .
My father , who now owns his very first Linux - based netbook , remains blissfully ignorant that Unix does not refer to concubine guards .
He takes his netbook on the road and keeps in touch with family and friends , and as long as his system does this reliably and seamlessly , he has no need or desire to push the boundaries further .
It is this transformation from workstation to portable consumer electronics that really defines the newest generation of netbooks .
They are becoming more and more like smart phones and less and less like desktop systems .
They empower end -users to do more than simply check a few stock prices and dash off a few e-mails .
And as they do so , Linux is finding a new , firm place at the heart of these units .
But as Linux does its job , slick GUIs provide a fence .
They separate users who need to accomplish whatever task they working on from the inner workings of the platform , which provides more streamlined architecture to support those tasks .
This may set off power users , who have long been used to command lines , system preferences , and editable configuration files , while it insulates regular consumers , who just want a system that works .
TiVo has adopted this same approach for a decade : shiny GUI on the outside , hardworking Linux on the inside .
As you can read in the statement , HP has not ruled out reevaluating its decision , should there prove to be a consumer demand for command line access .
At the same time , their decision reinforces the reality that Linux has finally gone commercial in a big way , just not necessary the way some of us might have imagined .
Here is the letter AOL CEO Randy Falco ( pictured here ) has penned to the entire staff about layoffs of 10 percent of its workforce–or 700 people–and other cost cuts , which the online service is announcing today .
“ We ’re at a pivotal point in AOL ’s transformation , and need to be even more strategically focused and operationally efficient as we weather the economic storm , ” wrote Falco , in part , about the move .
As BoomTown reported earlier today , Time Warner ( TWX ) online unit AOL is making huge staff cuts , due to the weak economy and the ensuing deep falloff in advertising revenue , but also because of recent structural changes made to refocus the once - mighty service .
The layoffs will take place over the next several quarters , with most of the U.S. cuts to be completed by March .
AOL has 7,000 employees world - wide , with most located domestically .
Here ’s Falco ’s letter :
Dear AOL colleagues ,
I ’m writing to tell you about some important decisions we ’ve made about AOL ’s business and why we ’ve made them .
The deepening economic recession has affected every corner of the economy , including our own .
Online marketers have tightened their ad buying across the board , reducing their spend by hundreds of millions of dollars .
As a result , we will be reviewing our entire organization to further align resources and expenses against the real revenue opportunities in this difficult market .
Part of this will involve consolidating groups to gain efficiencies that will unfortunately lead to head - count reductions .
We anticipate this will result in a net reduction of our workforce of up to 10 % over the next several quarters–and we will attempt to finalize all domestic actions by the end of March .
Reducing our workforce is never easy , particularly in the current climate , but our goal in doing this is to provide our core businesses the resources they need to thrive .
Please know that , as always , we ’ll be doing everything we can to help and support those affected , including offering severance packages and other services .
To further keep employment costs down , we will also forgo merit pay increases in 2009 .
This is a painful decision , but one that many companies have prudently taken to help minimize the number of layoffs they have to make .
To provide some perspective on these decisions , right now we ’re two years into a three - year turnaround plan .
Since day one , our strategy has focused on building and growing mutually dependent publishing , advertising and social media businesses to take advantage of the shifting media landscape .
We ’ve worked shoulder - to - shoulder to make considerable progress during this time .
We acquired best - in - class companies across the digital advertising space ( AdTech , Third Screen Media , Lightningcast , buy .at , TACODA and Quigo , respectively ) and integrated them with Advertising .com to build Platform - A , the largest , smartest display advertising platform in the world .
We grew our MediaGlow audience via an efficient content development model that in 2008 enabled us to launch more than 20 new sites that are generating significant page view ( up 64 % year over year in December ) , engagement ( up 39 % year over year ) and unduplicated user ( 70 + million ) numbers .
This momentum will continue in 2009 with our goal of creating an additional 30 + editorially curated sites focused on consumer passion points .
We combined Bebo with our longtime community assets AIM and ICQ as well as newer acquisitions Goowy , Yedda and SocialThing , to build People Networks , gaining AOL a foothold in the critical social media space , with more announcements to come on the next phase of development in both the social media space and in the integration of social and publishing capabilities .
This progress continues to put AOL in a strong position to capitalize on our new business model when the recession ends .
In addition to focusing our investments , a successful turnaround plan also requires us to realign our cost structure against this three - pronged business model–making difficult decisions to cut costs in areas that are n’t critical to our growth .
Splitting out the Access business improved the transparency of what ’s working and what ’s not , and allowed us to make better decisions about exiting businesses that were n’t performing while investing in growth areas .
A successful turnaround plan also mandates we control costs , operate with healthy margins and position the company for sustainable growth .
As you know , we ’ve moved repeatedly to bring discretionary expenses in line to spare across - the - board job cuts .
But we ’ve also had to make many hard decisions along the way .
And this moment is no exception .
We ’re at a pivotal point in AOL ’s transformation , and need to be even more strategically focused and operationally efficient as we weather the economic storm .
In addition to the head - count reductions and the 2009 merit pay decision , we are also making changes throughout the organization to improve efficiency and better align it to our three core businesses .
This includes a review of our international operations and our global shared - services functions .
In addition , we will continue throughout the year to carefully and thoroughly review all our products and services to make sure every one fully supports our strategy and has the potential for growth .
Finally , we are going to realize significant savings by continuing to consolidate our facilities –for example , moving from two buildings to one in Mountain View , from two floors to one in Los Angeles , and leasing unused space on our Dulles campus .
With these and other changes , we will take significant annual run-rate costs out of our business while , importantly , retaining the flexibility to invest in our growth strategy .
I know all this will raise questions , but I wanted to share as much as I could with you now .
Senior management will provide more details as appropriate to their teams in the weeks ahead .
As difficult as things look right now , the economy eventually will turn around .
Some companies will use this time prudently and make difficult decisions to come out of it in better shape–growing toward areas of opportunity , scaling back in others and maintaining a line on costs all around .
Our only choice is to be one of these companies .
With your continued hard work and dedication , we will position ourselves to emerge a stronger company ready to lead in a vibrant online market .
Randy
The customers pour in daily at Noodle World in Alhambra , usually expecting nothing more than a heaping plate of Thai pad see-ew or a steaming bowl of Vietnamese pho .
But on occasion , they react the way Martin Moreno did when entering the restaurant for the first time .
“ Oh my God , there ’s a Bob ’s Big Boy , ” the furniture seller said , staring at a statue of a boy in checkered overalls .
“ In an Asian restaurant ? ”
The statue is a curiosity that has endured for 12 years , puzzling and delighting patrons who either remember eating double - decker cheeseburgers or would n’t know Pappy Parker fried chicken if it landed in their wonton soup .
Advertisement
For Thai American owner John Mekpongsatorn , the statue is an essential part of his bustling business -- a perfect symbol of the Southern California melting pot he wanted his chain to reflect .
The result is a restaurant many affectionately call the “ Asian Denny ’s ” for its no-fuss diner decor and a menu that spans Japan to Malaysia .
And in this fiberglass figure , this symbol of mid-20th century kitsch , is the story of how Noodle World settled into its place as a cross-cultural success -- and won over a changing community .
::
Before Noodle World became a stalwart on Valley Boulevard ’s ethnic restaurant row , battling rival noodle houses that could pass for ones in Saigon or Taipei , it was one of hundreds of Bob ’s Big Boy restaurants that flourished across the nation .
Advertisement
By the 1980s , the hamburger chain , founded in 1936 in Glendale , was beginning to fall out of favor and closed dozens of locations .
Along with a national shift away from burger joints came a huge demographic change in the largely white and Latino San Gabriel Valley .
Between 1980 and 1996 -- the year that this Bob ’s Big Boy closed -- Alhambra ’s Asian population nearly quadrupled , to 47 % of residents .
The 37 - year - old Mekpongsatorn , who was born and raised in North Hollywood and now lives in Monterey Park , loved Bob ’s Big Boy as a child .
He liked trying to reach up and touch the statue ’s hamburger when he was n’t quite tall enough .
When he heard the restaurant was up for sale , he was overcome with nostalgia .
Mekpongsatorn quickly made an offer and considered the possibilities .
Noodle World could be an Asian riff on an American classic , he thought .
But not all went according to plan .
When Mekpongsatorn was in escrow for the property , Bob ’s Big Boy corporate offices had movers reclaim some of the company ’s decorations , most notably the statue .
Advertisement
Mekpongsatorn was crestfallen .
He ’d lost his prized mascot .
At the same time , it was becoming clear that , symbolically , the neighborhood had lost something too .
As much as the area ’s new residents might welcome a noodle house , for some old - timers the disappearance of Bob ’s Big Boy -- the burger joint as well as the statue -- was an uncomfortable reminder that the community had changed .
Some could not accept that the ketchup and mustard on the tables were gone , replaced with chili oil and jalapeno - spiked vinegar .
“ I remember older ladies coming in thinking it was still a Bob ’s Big Boy , putting the menu down and asking , ‘ What ’s going on here ? ” Mekpongsatorn said .
“ They ’d get up and walk out . ”
Mekpongsatorn was troubled .
He did not feel the need to apologize for the community ’s changes , but he also did not want to erase some of its fonder memories .
As the months passed , Mekpongsatorn gained more Asian clientele , but he did not see much of the non-Asians who had filled the place when it was a Big Boy .
Advertisement
Then Mekpongsatorn stumbled upon a slightly smaller Bob ’s Big Boy statue at the Rose Bowl Flea Market .
Perhaps this would do the trick , he thought , and reach out to those who felt left out as the community changed .
He paid $ 200 and lugged it onto his pickup truck .
It was installed above a divider between the kitchen and the dining room .
The chubby figure was a hit .
People heard about it through the neighborhood grapevine , as one old - timer told another that a Big Boy statue had taken up residence inside the noodle house .
Mekpongsatorn started seeing more whites and Latinos venture in .
“ The families started coming back , ” Mekpongsatorn said .
Advertisement
One of those longtime patrons was Nora Escobar , who has lived in Alhambra since 1979 .
For years , she would cozy up to the counter and order hash browns , bacon and black coffee .
Breakfast would often stretch to lunch as she bantered for hours about finances and city politics with the regulars .
When she heard that the restaurant had been converted into a noodle house , Escobar felt a slight disbelief .
“ I decided to drop by and see if the statue was still outside , ” she said .
“ I was sad to see it was no longer there .
I thought , ‘ The immigrants are taking over . ’
Then I walked in and I saw the boy up there . ”
“ There ’s so many different places now it ’s hard to reminisce , ” said Escobar , 55 .
“ Everything is new now .
Nobody has any respect for what ’s old .
But they did n’t forget what the boy represents . ”
Advertisement
Several years passed and Mekpongsatorn ’s business continued to grow .
He opened locations on the Westside and in Pasadena .
He fended off imitators .
He dabbled in Thai - Western fusion but never found a strong enough following for curiosities like bratwurst with tamarind .
Then in 2002 , a Times food critic , Max Jacobson , wrote a 728 - word review lauding Noodle World ’s Thai dishes and the statue .
A week after it was published , Mekpongsatorn received a letter from Big Boy Restaurants International in Warren , Mich. , saying he was violating the company ’s trademark .
“ We demand that you immediately cease and desist your use of the character and words , ” the letter said .
Fearing a lawsuit , Mekpongsatorn removed the statue .
Advertisement
“ The next week , there was madness , ” he said .
“ I had so many people say , ‘ Where ’s the statue ?
My kid wants to see the statue . ’
Then people would come up to me and tell me how their aunt used to work at the Big Boy ’s and how they used to take their son ’s basketball team to the Big Boy ’s .
It was all these stories about how the restaurant was a pillar .
I had to get the statue back . ”
He decided to write a letter to Big Boy Restaurants .
Mekpongsatorn described visiting the chain as a child , always asking for a coloring book and looking at statuettes in the glass case by the cashier .
“ I chose to display the statue in my restaurant for nostalgic reasons , ” Mekpongsatorn wrote .
“ I just wanted others to recall the fond events of their childhood as well ; and I felt that seeing the statue would bring back the memories of happiness and joy that Bob ’s Big Boy brought to them . ”
He did not know whether his plea would work .
He flirted with the idea of starting a petition drive .
He even considered modifying the statue by replacing the hamburger with a bowl of noodles and putting chopsticks in the other hand .
Advertisement
A month later , Mekpongsatorn got his answer .
“ In light of your personal history with Big Boy , ” the letter started , “ we would be willing to offer you a license agreement to allow for your continued use of the Big Boy statue .
The fee under the license agreement would be $ 1 per year . ”
Mekpongsatorn was instructed to put a plaque under the statue explaining the agreement .
The letter signed off , “ We hope that this arrangement will allow your continued use of our icon without too much trouble . ”
“ It was a good feeling dusting off the statue , ” said Mekpongsatorn , who had kept the boy warehoused .
Advertisement
People were touched by Mekpongsatorn ’s persistence , and today the statue remains integral to the restaurant ’s identity -- even if founder Bob Wian could never have imagined that his legacy would live on in an Asian noodle house .
“ He ’s a very good businessman , ” said Owen Guenthard , executive director of the Alhambra Chamber of Commerce .
“ He keeps a symbol of a bygone era . ”
Jerry Munoz , a regular customer , likes to plant himself in a booth by a window .
There ’s a sense of comfort looking up at the statue that reminds him of earlier times .
Munoz came to Bob ’s Big Boy as a child with his parents .
He took dates there , and when his own kids were young they loved to order malts and poke the statue in the stomach .
“ It ’s very important to people that he recognized the Bob ’s Big Boy , ” said Munoz , 60 , lunching on pad Thai .
“ It shows they understand the history . ”
Advertisement
Escobar said she has come to embrace both Noodle World and her city ’s change .
“ I did n’t know what to order in the beginning , ” said Escobar , a social worker .
“ So I ordered what every Latino orders , chicken fried rice . ”
She loved the big portions and came back every weekend to try something new .
“ Now I go all the time and order shrimp or soup .
I love the Thai iced tea , ” she said .
“ Change is change , and we like what we have now . ”
Advertisement
For the younger generation , Noodle World ’s appeal is not the nostalgia but the food and atmosphere .
On a table in the center of the dining room sat friends Trun Phan , 21 ; Shubo Jiang , 20 ; and Hearing Choy , 20 .
As it was for the generation before them who came to Bob ’s Big Boy , the three Asian Americans said Noodle World was a destination after high school football games and dances .
But instead of burgers and shakes , they came for boba tea and fried noodles .
“ It ’s always lively , and it ’s open late , ” said Choy , an Alhambra resident , naming two of the key ingredients for any successful restaurant in the San Gabriel Valley .
The statue , however , was meaningless .
Advertisement
“ I have no idea what that is , ” Jiang said .
“ Maybe this used to be a hamburger place , ” Phan said .
Recently Mekpongsatorn completed a new year ’s ritual -- making his annual payment to use the statue , due on the first of every year .
“ A nice , crisp dollar bill , ” he said .
“ Certified mail . ”
Advertisement
--
david.pierson@latimes.com
By Mike Caggeso
Associate Editor
Money Morning
Brazil 's central bank today ( Wednesday ) cut its benchmark interest rate from 13.75 % to 12.75 % , its first rate cut in 16 months and a move to guard the country 's economy from the global financial crisis .
In the past year , it rained pretty hard on Brazil 's burgeoning economy .
Its Bovespa stock index is been halved since hitting a record high in May .
During that fall , Brazil 's currency , the real , tumbled more than one - third from its nine - year high .
In the fourth quarter , commodity prices and consumer demand continued falling , leading to a loss of 654,946 government - registered jobs in December – the worse monthly loss since the government began tracking jobs data in 1999 .
With the interest rate cut – a moved allowed by falling inflation – the central bank hopes the $ 1.9 trillion economy can keep pace with President Lula 's 2 % economic growth target for 2009 , a small figure compared to the 6.8 % expansion registered by the Brazilian economy in the third quarter of 2008 , Bloomberg reported .
Inflation cooled to 5.9 % in December , falling within the bank 's target of 2.5 % to 6.5 % .
" We have a good macroeconomic situation to cut interest rates , " Alexandre Lintz , chief economist at Banco BNP Paribas Brasil SA , told Bloomberg .
Brazil Outlook
In the next three years , China , alone will invest as much as $ 725 billion in infrastructure , while Brazil will invest $ 225 billion with very similar goals :
Strengthen fiscal stimulus , allowing a drop in the value of the real currency ( a decline that 's already been substantial ) in order to cushion exports .
Easing capital requirements to Brazil 's strong banking system , which will spur housing and car loans .
Export financing .
Begin huge local infrastructure projects .
There is another little - understood phenomenon that cushions the blows for emerging economies :
Intra-emerging market trade has become increasingly important .
By now everybody understands that iron ore from Brazil and coal and oil from other emerging markets is flowing into China in order to fuel China 's massive infrastructure buildup and growing consumer demand .
Money Morning Contributing Editor and emerging market specialist , Horaocio Marquez feels Brazil will pull itself through the financial crisis because historically and presently , the Central Bank of Brazil and the Brazilian government have acted very quickly to backstop the liquidity effects against their banks .
Both are run by a superb team of experienced managers , especially adept at controlling the till in rough economic waters , Marquez said .
" The policies , run day to day by a sophisticated technocracy led by top economists and international bankers , many of which held top positions in leading international banks , have allowed Brazil to move forward , " Marquez said .
" Hence , Brazil is by far my favorite Latin American play for 2009 . "
Sean Poulter
Mail Online
January 5 , 2009
Fizzy drinks sold by Coca - Cola in Britain have been found to contain pesticides at up to 300 times the level allowed in tap or bottled water .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
A worldwide study found pesticide levels in orange and lemon drinks sold under the Fanta brand , which is popular with children , were at their highest in the UK .
The research team called on the Government , the industry and the company to act to remove the chemicals and called for new safety standards to regulate the soft drinks market .
The industry denies children are at risk and insists that the levels found by researchers based at the University of Jaen in southern Spain are not harmful .
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Johannes Mehserle , the BART cop who shot and killed an unarmed man in Oakland on New Year ’s Day , sat behind bars in a Bay Area jail on Wednesday night , charged with murder .
Appearing in a Nevada court Wednesday , Mehserle waived extradition and returned to the Bay Area , where he was taken to Santa Rita Jail on the murder charge — a rare filing against a police officer — that was announced by Alameda County District Attorney Tom Orloff .
Mehserle ’s arrest , however , for the shooting of 22 - year - old Oscar Grant III , did little to dampen the outrage in a city already beleaguered with economic troubles and skyrocketing crime .
Ever since Grant ’s shooting was captured on a cell phone and widely replayed on national television and the Internet , protests have erupted in San Francisco and Oakland , where many residents have had long - running tension with law enforcement .
Wednesday evening , protesters once again took to the streets , in a largely peaceful rally of more than 1,000 that began with a march in downtown Oakland amid a heavy police presence .
At first , the protest appeared to be in sharp contrast to the violent demonstration last week that led to the vandalism of dozens of buildings and the arrest of more than 100 people in the city ’s downtown business district .
But as the night wore on , a splintered group of demonstrators began a rampage through downtown , smashing windows at a dozen businesses , vandalizing several cars and forcing police in riot gear to spray tear gas .
At least 18 people were arrested , the majority on suspicion of felony vandalism .
Witnesses told authorities that Mehserle fired a shot into Grant ’s back while Grant was lying facedown on a train platform at the Fruitvale BART station in Oakland .
Grant and others had been pulled off a train after reports of fighting , as New Year ’s Eve revelers headed home after midnight .
New court documents say Grant had his hands behind his back and another officer was kneeling on his neck when he was shot .
The allegations were revealed in an Oakland police officer ’s request for an arrest warrant .
It said it appeared from cell phone video that “ Mehserle shot and killed Oscar Grant while Grant was restrained and unarmed . ”
Mehserle surrendered without incident Tuesday at a family friend ’s house in an upscale neighborhood on the east shore of Lake Tahoe in Douglas County , Nev .
His lawyer said his client had gone there to escape death threats and to get away from the pressures of the case , not to avoid arrest .
Mehserle , 27 , who resigned after the shooting , is expected to be arraigned today in Oakland .
“ As this case moves forward through the justice system and all of the circumstances of that chaotic night become clear , I fully expect Mr. Mehserle will be cleared of the charges against him , ” said his lawyer , Christopher Miller .
﻿ ” The case wo n’t be tried by video alone .
I ’m confident that this case is not just about a video .
It ’s not just about certain circumstances that folks may want to focus on . ”
Orloff said he would not speculate on whether the charge would end up being first - degree murder or second - degree murder , saying the complaint “ does n’t specify the degree , it merely charges murder . ”
“ At this point , what I feel the evidence indicates , is an unlawful killing done by an intentional act , and from the evidence we have there ’s nothing that would mitigate that to something lower than a murder , ” Orloff said at a news conference .
First degree murder is a premeditated , intentional killing that carries a sentence of 25 years to life .
Second - degree is an intentional killing that is not premeditated or planned and carries 15 years to life .
John Burris , the attorney for Grant ’s family , which has filed a $ 25 million claim against BART , expressed satisfaction over the new charges .
“ It is consistent with the evidence I have seen .
I think the family will be pleased , ” Burris said .
Meanwhile , the Napa Valley Register reported that Mehserle ’s family in Napa received a bomb scare .
Residents in their southeast Napa neighborhood were evacuated after Mehserle ’s parents found two unidentified packages late Wednesday on their front porch .
Mehserle has refused to be interviewed by either BART investigators or Orloff .
At Wednesday ’s protest , Grant ’s grandfather , also named Oscar Grant , stood in the middle of the street and said , “ We got to stop these people who have a gun and a badge and a license to kill . ”
The Associated Press contributed to this report .
New , safer and more economical nuclear reactors could not only satisfy many of our future energy needs but could combat global warming as well
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) --
The international group Human Rights Watch is accusing Israel of firing weapons containing white phosphorus into Gaza .
The group demands that the alleged practice cease .
Israel is declining to say whether bursts like this over Gaza involve white phosphorus .
more photos »
The group 's researchers in Israel " observed multiple air - bursts of artillery - fired white phosphorus over what appeared to be the Gaza City / Jabaliya area " on Friday and Saturday , the organization said on its Web site .
" Israel appeared to be using white phosphorus as an ' obscurant ' [ a chemical used to hide military operations ] , a permissible use in principle " under the laws of war , the HRW posting said .
" However , white phosphorus has a significant , incidental , incendiary effect that can severely burn people and set structures , fields , and other civilian objects in the vicinity on fire , " the posting said .
" The potential for harm to civilians is magnified by Gaza 's high population density , among the highest in the world . "
HRW said the use of white phosphorus in Gaza would violate " the requirement under international humanitarian law to take all feasible precautions to avoid civilian injury and loss of life . "
Last week , an Israel Defense Forces spokesman told CNN : " I can tell you with certainty that white phosphorus is absolutely not being used . "
Now , however , Israeli officials have a different response to questions about the possible use of phosphorus :
" Any munitions that Israel is using are in accordance with international law .
Israel does not specify the types of munitions or the types of operations it is conducting . "
Still , a doctor familiar with the material said it is not possible to tell , based on pictures of burns , whether white phosphorus was responsible .
" Dead tissue pretty much looks the same , " said Dr. Peter Grossman , president of the Grossman Burn Center in Sherman Oaks , California .
The chemical " can burn down houses and cause horrific burns when it touches the skin , " said Marc Garlasco , senior military analyst at Human Rights Watch .
Since January 3 , when Israel began its ground offensive in Gaza , news reports have circulated about the possible use of white phosphorus by the IDF .
HRW 's assertion was supported by munitions experts and some Palestinian doctors , including Nafiz Abu Sha'aban , who said the burns it caused were unlike anything he has seen in 27 years of practice .
Watch footage of burn patients in Gaza
Though most severely burned patients have been sent to Egypt , the ongoing fighting has made it impossible to evacuate all of them , including one man with deep burns over 47 percent of his body , the doctor said .
White phosphorus is known to burn flesh down to the bone .
It 's intended to provide illumination or to create a smokescreen in battle .
Under an international protocol ratified by Israel in 1995 , the use of such incendiary weapons is allowed when " not specifically designed to cause burn injury to persons . "
There is no prohibition per se against white phosphorus in conflict .
But the timing and location of its use are restricted .
For example , it is illegal under the protocol to use white phosphorus against any personnel , civilian or military .
It can be directed only against military targets .
International law says incendiary weapons cannot be used where civilians are concentrated .
A house north of Gaza City was hit Sunday by something that observers contend may have been white phosphorus .
" It 's been burning since one o'clock in the morning , " Munir Hammada told CNN 11 hours later .
" If you move it with your feet , it reignites .
You ca n't put it out with water , only sand . "
Those characteristics match the properties of white phosphorus , which ignites on contact with air .
All About Israel • Gaza
An eight - year - old boy from Istanbul has been rescued by firemen after becoming trapped in a vault .
Cihan Sevinc had been playing with friends when he became trapped inside the safe .
Firemen managed to successfully free him after using an electric saw , a sledgehammer and other heavy equipment .
[ social_buttons ]
The U.S. Department of Energy ’s National Renewable Energy Laboratory ( NREL ) and Petróleo Brasileiro S.A. ( Petrobras ) are shacking up in hopes to better develop and commercialize biofuels .
The partnership between NREL and Petrobras helps solidify an agreement made between the United States and Brazil on March 9 , 2007 ; it was signed by the U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and Brazil Foreign Minister Celso Amorim .
NREL , a DOE Federally Funded Research and Development Center , is managed and operated by the Alliance for Sustainable Energy and Petrobras is the largest energy company in Latin America .
“ By bringing Brazilian expertise together with some of the leading U.S. biofuels researchers at NREL , we will increase our knowledge and be able to more quickly commercialize renewable biofuels in the global marketplace , ” said NREL Director Dan E. Arvizu .
Both entities are interested in “ the development of advanced next generation biofuels technologies through biochemical and thermochemical routes from biomass . ”
NREL R&D studies the environmental and sustainable evaluation of advanced biofuels in support of the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy ( EERE ) and other partners .
Petrobras researches ethanol , vegetable oil conversion to diesel oil , and production of biomass - derived petroleum - like fuels .
“ The use of residues can substantially increase ethanol production without a correspondent increase of the planted area , boosting the existing process ’ production by using its own residues , ” said CENPES Executive Manager , Carlos Tadeu da Costa Fraga .
The agreement has four major areas of research : biochemical production processes , thermochemical processes , economic and sustainability analysis from lignocellulosic biomass and evaluation of intermediate blends of ethanol and gasoline .
I wonder what Chavez thinks about this deal ?
Photo : © Paul Tobeck | Dreamstime.com
Lost World discovered ( thanks to Google Earth )
In days gone by , explorers seeking a Lost World would spend a lifetime decoding ancient maps , talking to reluctant locals and hacking through dense jungles .
In the digital age , however , the job of an adventurer is more simple .
A team of conservationists from Kew Garden has just returned from an expedition to an uncharted and unexplored Eden in the heart of Mozambique after discovering it on Google Earth .
Mozambique 's Mount Mabu hosts a wealth of species .
The idyllic setting was discovered by a team of conservationists from Kew Garden after discovering it on Google Earth
The mountainous area of southern Africa - crammed with colourful birds , unusual insects and rare plants - had been overlooked by wildlife experts and map makers because of its difficult landscape and decades of war .
It only came to light when British researchers spotted an unexpected patch of green forest on the satellite map website .
An expedition visited the untouched paradise surrounding Mount Mabu and discovered a wealth of wildlife including pygmy chameleons , Swynnerton 's robin and butterflies such as the Small Striped Swordtail and Emperor Swallowtail .
There were three new species of butterfly , a previously undiscovered adder , a rarely seen orchid , giant snakes - including the gaboon viper - and colonies of rare birds .
More new species are expected to be discovered among the hundreds of plant specimens they brought home .
A pygmy chameleon ( left ) and New Atheris snake ( right )
Jonathan Timberlake , the expedition leader , admits that he was surprised by the wealth of wildlife they discovered among the 150 feet tall trees .
' That 's when the excitement comes out - when you come back home or start reading some of the background and realise you 're breaking new ground , ' he said .
The Kew team discovered the hidden paradise in 2005 .
The conservationists were searching for a location for a new project and were scouring Google Earth 's images online for areas at least 5,400 feet above sea level .
The team found a rarely seen orchid
After spotting a green patch of forest in an area that had previously been unexplored by scientists , a British led expedition involving 28 scientists from Britain , Mozambique , Malawi , Switzerland and Tanzania was sent to the region .
They discovered 27 square miles of lush , rich forest crammed with exotic plants , insects and birds .
Hundreds of exotic butterflies are there each day in the sunlight above the canopy , while peregrines and swifts flew around the trees .
The trees were home to loud samango monkeys , while the forest floor revealed small klipspringer antelopes - famed for their jumping ability - and blue duiker antelope .
' Nobody knew about it , ' said Mr Timberlake .
' The literature I 'm aware of does n't mention the word Mabu anywhere .
We have looked through the plant collections of Kew and elsewhere and we do n't see the name come up .
' It might be there under another name , but we 're not aware of any collection of plant or animals or anything else taking place there . '
He added : ' The phenomenal diversity is just mind - boggling : seeing how things are adapted to little niches , to me this is the incredible thing .
Even today we cannot say we know all of the world ’s key areas for biodiversity - there are still new ones to discover .
' This is potentially the biggest area of medium - altitude forest I 'm aware of in southern Africa , yet it was not on the map , and most Mozambiqueans would not have even recognised the name Mount Mabu . '
Outside the forest the country ’s roads and buildings have been devastated by the 1975 - 1992 civil war .
But inside scientists found the landscape was almost untouched .
Locals had kept quite about its location because they used it as a refuge when the fighting was too intense .
Scientists ' describe ' around 2,000 new species each year .
However , it is unusual to find so new species in one place .
Base Camp on Mount Mabu :
The area came to light when the conservationists from Kew Garden spotted an unexpected patch of green forest on the satellite map website
The Coca -Cola Company is being sued for making " deceptive and unsubstantiated claims " about its VitaminWater line of beverages , which it touts as healthy alternatives to soft drinks , lawyers for the plaintiff say .
Coca -Cola is misleading consumers by using words such as " energy " and " endurance " on VitaminWater bottles and claiming that the drinks reduce the risk of illness and boost health , said the Centre for Science in the Public Interest , which is co-counsel to the man who filed the suit in a California court .
" In fact , according to CSPI nutritionists , the 33 grams of sugar in each bottle of VitaminWater do more to promote obesity , diabetes and other health problems than the vitamins in the drinks do to perform the advertised benefits listed on the bottles , " the health advocacy group said in a statement .
[ Concerned cat owner voice ] " Oh ... Oh Mittens , Honey ... did you just cough that up ? "
What has Mitten been DOING Paula P .!?
Geeshe .
Sergeant Adam Gray made it home from Iraq only to die in his barracks .
Investigating his death , American RadioWorks pieces together a story of soldiers suffering psychological scars  because they abused Iraqi prisoners .
Audio :
Updated Jan. 2010 version :
Download the radio program or read the transcript .
Original Oct. 2008 version :
Download the radio program or read the transcript .
What Killed Sergeant Gray
When Adam Gray was just three years old , he told his parents he wanted to be a soldier someday .
His mother , Cindy Chavez , says Adam used to love to visit a recruiting station near their house in Wisconsin .
He was a boisterous kid , prone to getting into trouble .
His parents nicknamed him " The Bomber . "
But once he enrolled in the Army , he was " heart attack serious , " recalled his mother .
" He was n't going to do it for a stint just because he had nothing else to do .
This was a life commitment . "
Shortly after he turned 23 , Adam Gray served a tour - about a year - in Iraq .
He came home physically uninjured .
He spent some time with his mother and stepfather in California .
And then he went to a base in Alaska for more training .
He said he wanted to go back to Iraq .
But on August 29 , 2004 , Gray was found dead in his barracks .
A plastic bag was cinched around his neck , and can of Dust - Off - a cleaner used for electronic equipment - was lying beside him .
The Army ruled that his death was " accidental " - a result of inhaling chemicals to achieve a high ( a practice known as " huffing " ) .
That explanation seemed insufficient to Gray 's family .
It did n't seem like something the Adam they knew would have done .
Adam 's mother and stepfather think something happened to him while he was overseas that changed him .
His stepfather , Roy Chavez , had noticed Adam looked different when he came home on leave .
" You know , one thing that really shocked me was when we picked him up at the airport , that he was n't in his uniform , " Roy said .
Roy says back when Adam finished basic training , " he walked up our driveway and he was in his full dress uniform . "
But when he came home from leave in Iraq , " he just had his regular clothes on .
I do n't know if he was just sick and tired of it .
' I 'm on leave .
I do n't want to deal with this anymore , you know , I just want to have a good time , see my mom , just be a regular , normal person . ' "
Cindy Chavez said she thought immediately that Adam looked " troubled for what he saw , troubled for maybe what he had to do . "
She says Adam was remote during his leave .
He 'd hole up in his room , and suddenly bolt out of the house for a run .
He hardly talked about Iraq .
Continue to part 2 of What Killed Sergeant Gray .
NEW YORK , NY – Color Of Change , the nation ’s largest online racial justice organization , issued the following statement in response to the announcement of the nominees for the 90th Academy Awards .
Rashad Robinson , Executive Director of Color Of Change :
“ Black people are the creative forces behind some of Hollywood ’s most original films .
It ’s promising to see the Academy begin to recognize our community by nominating brilliant Black creators like Jordan Peele , Mary J. Blige , Yance Ford , Common and Dee Reese today — but it ’s only a start .
For too long , Hollywood has excluded Black people from award nominations and shut us out from opportunities to shape the stories the industry tells about Black communities , which reach millions of viewers each year .
Our systemic exclusion from the industry is why the stories Hollywood tells about Black people too often advance harmful stereotypes and create a more hostile world for Black people in real life .
But , when we are given the opportunities and resources to tell our own stories through films like Get Out and Mudbound , it has the power to reshape public perceptions and cultural norms in our country .
“ The fight for inclusion in Hollywood is not just about getting awards , but also about getting opportunities to tell our stories .
We need more Black voices in studios , networks , agencies , guilds , and on production sets .
We need more leading roles for Black actors and more opportunities for Black directors , cinematographers , and writers — especially for Black women , who face even greater levels of exclusion in the industry .
This means real inclusion of Black people in Hollywood will require more than just Oscar nominations .
Getting to the root of Hollywood ’s racial exclusion problem will take real investments from decision makers across the industry to create new incentive systems for greater inclusion and representation of Black people .
But this shift is long overdue , and the incredible success of Black writers , directors , and performers at the box office this year is undeniable proof that audiences want more stories by and about Black people . ”
####
Color Of Change is the nation ’s largest online racial justice organization .
We help people respond effectively to injustice in the world around us .
As a national online force driven by over one million members , we move decision - makers in corporations and government to create a more human and less hostile world for Black people in America .
Visit www.colorofchange.org/.
from django import forms from django.utils .safestring import mark_safe class SpanWidget ( forms .
Widget ) : ''' Renders a value wrapped in a < span > tag .
Requires use of specific form support .
( see ReadonlyForm or ReadonlyModelForm ) ''' def render ( self , name , value , attrs = None ) : final_attrs = self .
build_attrs ( attrs , name = name ) return mark_safe ( u'< span %s > %s </ span >' % ( forms .
util .
flatatt ( final_attrs ) , self . original_value ) ) def value_from_datadict ( self , data , files , name ) : return self .
original_value class SpanField ( forms .
Field ) : '' ' A field which renders a value wrapped in a < span > tag .
Requires use of specific form support .
( see ReadonlyForm or ReadonlyModelForm ) ''' def __init__ ( self , * args , ** kwargs ) : kwargs [ ' widget ' ] = kwargs .
get ( ' widget ' , SpanWidget ) super ( SpanField , self ) .
__init__ ( * args , ** kwargs ) class Readonly ( object ) : ''' Base class for ReadonlyForm and ReadonlyModelForm which provides the meat of the features described in the docstings for those classes . ''' class NewMeta : readonly = tuple ( ) def __init__ ( self , * args , ** kwargs ) : super ( Readonly , self ) .
__init__ ( * args , ** kwargs ) readonly = self .
NewMeta .
readonly if not readonly : return for name , field in self .
fields . items ( ) : if name in readonly : field .
widget = SpanWidget ( ) elif not isinstance ( field , SpanField ) : continue field .
widget .
original_value = str ( getattr ( self .
instance , name ) ) class ReadonlyForm ( Readonly , forms .
Form ) : '' ' A form which provides the ability to specify certain fields as readonly , meaning that they will display their value as text wrapped with a < span > tag .
The user is unable to edit them , and they are protected from POST data insertion attacks .
The recommended usage is to place a NewMeta inner class on the form , with a readonly attribute which is a list or tuple of fields , similar to the fields and exclude attributes on the Meta inner class .
class MyForm ( ReadonlyForm ) : foo = forms .
TextField ( ) class NewMeta : readonly = ( ' foo ' , ) ''' pass class ReadonlyModelForm ( Readonly , forms .
ModelForm ) : '' 'A ModelForm which provides the ability to specify certain fields as readonly , meaning that they will display their value as text wrapped with a < span > tag .
The user is unable to edit them , and they are protected from POST data insertion attacks .
The recommended usage is to place a NewMeta inner class on the form , with a readonly attribute which is a list or tuple of fields , similar to the fields and exclude attributes on the Meta inner class .
class Foo(models .
Model ) : bar = models .
CharField(max_length=24 ) class MyForm( ReadonlyModelForm ) : class Meta : model =
Foo class NewMeta : readonly = ( ' bar ' , ) ''' pass
President - elect Barrack Obama 's latest proposals of around $ 800 billion in tax cuts and stimuluses bring us to a grand total of $ 8 trillion in total bailout dollars by all banking and governmental parties concerned , according to an article today released by CNN .
Numerous writers on this site including myself have repeatedly pointed out that this is quite possibly the end game of the biggest ponzi scheme of all time , a scheme more than 1,000 times worse than the Madoff scam .
Ever since this site was launched a year and a half ago , we 've pounded out the message that stimulating the economy is dangerous , counter - productive and will come back to haunt us .
So , the brilliant powers that be conclude that now it 's time to go all - in using the same , failed strategy that got us into this mess in the first place .
For those who do n't play poker , “ all - in ” means betting everything you have on one hand .
Ours is roughly a $ 14 trillion economy , so $ 8 trillion is more than half our entire economy .
Skilled poker players know that if you bet more than half your stake on a single hand , it 's just about the same thing as betting everything you have .
The reason is that it would be colossally foolish to bet more than half your stack without being willing to bet the rest of it on the same hand .
I 'm sure they think of it as bold and daring , but it 's actually pretty stupid when all you 're holding in your hand is a busted flush , because the odds are so overwhelmingly against you .
Further , we can be 100 % sure that the other guy ( the rest of the world that invests in America ) is going to call the bet .
In fact , they already have .
It 's bad enough that the financial wizards are betting with our entire economy on the next turn of the card .
It 's even worse when you realize that they 're really bad poker players .
Our correspondent says past logging contracts were corruptly agreed
The Democratic Republic of Congo government has cancelled nearly 60 % of timber contracts in the world 's second - largest tropical rainforest .
It follows a six - month review of 156 logging deals aimed at stamping out corruption in the sector and enforcing legal and environmental standards .
At the end of the World Bank - backed process , government ministers found that only 65 timber deals were viable .
New contracts will be issued for 90,000 sq km ( 35,000 square miles ) of forest .
Environment Minister Jose Endundo told a news conference in the capital Kinshasa that the other agreements would be cancelled .
" I will proceed within the next 48 hours to notify those applicants having received an unfavourable recommendation from the inter-ministerial commission through decrees cancelling their respective conventions , " he was quoted as saying by Reuters news agency .
" Upon notification of the cancellation decision , the operator must immediately stop cutting timber . "
Mr Endundo also said the government planned to respect a moratorium , introduced during Congo 's 1998 - 2003 war but widely ignored , on granting new logging deals .
The BBC's Thomas Fessy in Kinshasa says all the timber agreements were struck during the conflict .
Promises
Amid rampant corruption , huge concessions were gifted to logging companies , which paid almost no tax , he says .
Monday 's decision should reduce the surface area exploited by timber firms by up to half , according to our correspondent .
The Congo Basin is home to the second largest tropical forest in the world after the Amazon , but campaigners say it is being eaten away by logging , mining and agricultural land clearance .
Sarah Shoraka , of Greenpeace , says the new rules must be enforced to protect a vital resource .
" Real economic development is what 's needed , " she told the BBC's Focus on Africa programme .
" We 've highlighted tax evasion , and there 's often quite serious disputes between local people and these logging companies .
" The logging companies promise hospitals and schools and they hardly ever deliver these things on the ground . "
The beleaguered Hubble Space Telescope can finally look forward to getting a much needed pick - me - up in May when NASA sends its fourth , and last , manned space shuttle mission to the satellite .
The aging observatory was due for an upgrade this past October , when NASA had planned to launch seven astronauts aboard the shuttle Atlantis to install new science instruments and change out old hardware .
But in September a major glitch cost the orbiting telescope its ability to send images and information back down to Earth .
Since then , Hubble was revived with a back - up system onboard , but engineers have been scrambling to ready a replacement instrument to swap with the hardware that failed .
The new mission date is May 12 , 2009 .
In the meantime , Hubble is still plugging along while it waits for its upgrade .
On Thursday NASA released a new Hubble image showing hundreds of thousands of stars in the globular cluster M13 ( above ) .
When it does eventually get off the ground , the planned servicing mission is set to run 11 days , with five spacewalks during which astronauts will work to install a new camera , a new spectrograph , and a set of six new and improved gyroscopes , which help stabilize the telescope .
The astronauts also plan to repair some broken instruments aboard the observatory and bring new batteries and thermal blankets that should help the telescope operate until at least 2013 .
If the overhaul goes as planned , experts say Hubble should be in the best shape it 's ever been .
Sadly , though , all good things must come to an end .
When Hubble breaks down , NASA plans to send the satellite on a controlled dive down to Earth to burn up in the atmosphere .
And speaking of depressing news and delays , NASA announced that its Mars Science Laboratory rover will launch two years later than planned , in the fall of 2011 .
The mission , which aims to study the early environmental history of Mars , has been held up by " testing and hardware challenges , " NASA says .
Since it wo n't be able to make its hoped - for 2009 launch date , it will have to wait quite a while , because the relative positions of Earth and Mars are favorable for flights to the red planet only a few weeks every two years .
See Also :
Image : NASA , ESA , and the Hubble Heritage Team ( STScI / AURA )
It ’s vacation time , and the van is loaded up with camping gear .
You head to the nearest ( or farthest , if you ’re adventurous ! ) national park , and set up the tent .
When it ’s all done , it ’s time to smell the fresh air , away from all the grime and exhaust from the city .
Only , the air might not be as fresh as you imagine .
On Friday , EPA released an assessment with the news that 37 states are n’t doing their part to make sure that pollution does n’t wind its way back to our nation ’s preserved areas .
[ social_buttons ]
The states have n’t submitted plans under the Clean Air Act to regulate pollution into the parks , EPA said .
The submission program , though , is a little behind schedule in the first place .
Originally , states were supposed to submit plans to decrease pollution by December 2007 , but EPA did n’t enforce the rule .
It was only when environmental organizations sued to have states come up with plans that EPA made stricter attempts at regulation .
But , as the numbers show , even that has n’t made states comply , and pollution still remains a problem in national parks .
Reports EarthNews , “ In Western states , the average distance a person can see is between 60 and 100 miles , about one - half to two - thirds of what it would be without man-made air pollution . ”
States still have two more years before punishment becomes serious and EPA has to come up with a federal program .
>> Read more about national parks from Green Options
Hopefully this will happen before a beautiful park like the Smokey Mountains is completely lost in haze .
Rated in 2004 by a national parks conservation group as the park with the worst air quality , the mountains still appear washed out and have to fight for room in the polluted air .
Photo Credit : robjcamb at Flickr under a Creative Commons License
Vice President Dick Cheney , according to a still - highly confidential FBI report , admitted to federal investigators that he rewrote talking points for the press in July 2003 that made it much more likely that the role of then - covert CIA - officer Valerie Plame in sending her husband on a CIA - sponsored mission to Africa would come to light .
Cheney conceded during his interview with federal investigators that in drawing attention to Plame ’s role in arranging her husband ’s Africa trip reporters might also unmask her role as CIA officer .
Cheney denied to the investigators , however , that he had done anything on purpose that would lead to the outing of Plame as a covert CIA operative .
But the investigators came away from their interview with Cheney believing that he had not given them a plausible explanation as to how he could focus attention on Plame ’s role in arranging her husband ’s trip without her CIA status also possibly publicly exposed .
At the time , Plame was a covert CIA officer involved in preventing Iran from obtaining weapons of mass destruction , and Cheney ’s office played a central role in exposing her and nullifying much of her work .
Cheney revised the talking points on July 8 , 2003 – the very same day that his then - chief of staff , I. Lewis ( Scooter ) Libby , met with New York Times reporter Judith Miller and told Miller that Plame was a CIA officer and that Plame had also played a central role in sending her husband on his CIA sponsored trip to the African nation of Niger .
Both Cheney and Libby have acknowledged that Cheney directed him to meet with Miller , but claimed that the purpose of that meeting was to leak other sensitive intelligence to discredit allegations made by Plame ’s husband , former ambassador Joseph C. Wilson IV , that the Bush administration misrepresented intelligence information to go to war with Iraq , rather than to leak Plame ’s identity .
That Cheney , by his own admission , had revised the talking points in an effort to have the reporters examine who sent Wilson on the very same day that his chief of staff was disclosing to Miller Plame ’s identity as a CIA officer may be the most compelling evidence to date that Cheney himself might have directed Libby to disclose Plame ’s identity to Miller and other reporters .
This new information adds to a growing body of evidence that Cheney may have directed Libby to disclose Plame ’s identity to reporters and that Libby acted to protect Cheney by lying to federal investigators and a federal grand jury about the matter .
Still , for those in search of the proverbial “ smoking gun ” , the question as to whether Cheney directed Libby to leak Plaime ’s identity to the media at Cheney ’s direction or Libby did so on his own by acting over zealously in carrying out a broader mandate from Cheney to discredit Wilson and his allegations about manipulation of intelligence information , will almost certainly remain an unresolved one .
Libby was convicted on March 6 , 2007 of four felony counts of lying to federal investigators , perjury , and obstruction of justice , in attempting to conceal from authorities his own role , and that of other Bush administration officials , in leaking information to the media about Plame .
One of the jurors in the case , Dennis Collins , told the press shortly after the verdict that he and many other jurors believed that Libby was serving as a “ fall guy ” for Cheney , and had lied to conceal the role of his boss in directing information about Plame to be leaked to the press .
The special prosecutor in the CIA leak case , Patrick Fitzgerald , said in both opening and closing arguments that because Libby did not testify truthfully during the course of his investigation , federal authorities were stymied from determining what role Vice President Cheney possibly played in directing the leaking of information regarding Plame that led to the end of her career as a covert CIA officer , as well as jeopardizing other sensitive intelligence information .
Speaking of the consequences of Libby ’s deceit to the FBI and a federal grand jury , Fitzgerald , who is also the U.S. attorney for Chicago , said in his Feb. 20 , 2007 closing argument : “ There is talk about a cloud over the Vice President .
There is a cloud over the White House as to what happened .
Do you think the FBI , the Grand Jury , the American people are entitled to a straight answer ? ”
The implication from that and other comments made by Fitzgerald while trying the case was that Libby had lied and placed himself in criminal jeopardy to protect Cheney and to perhaps conceal the fact that Cheney had directed him to leak information to the media about Plame .
Although it has been widely reported in the media that Cheney and Libby have denied that Cheney directed Libby ever to speak to reporters about Plame , those reports have been erroneous .
As Washington Post.com columnist Dan Froomkin wrote in this largely overlooked column , Libby instead had told both the FBI and a federal grand jury that he was uncertain as to whether or not Cheney had directed him to talk to reporters about Plame .
An FBI agent testified at Libby ’s trial , as Froomkin pointed out , that Libby had told the FBI that during a July 12 , 2003 conversation that Libby had with Cheney , the two men possibly discussed “ whether to report to the press that Wilson ’s wife worked for the CIA . ”
That conversation occurred exactly four days after Cheney ordered the revision of the talking points and Libby had his conversation with Judith Miller about Plame .
And immediately after that July 12 , 2003 conversation between Cheney and Libby , Libby spoke by phone with Matthew Cooper , then a correspondent for Time magazine , and confirmed for Cooper that Plame worked for the CIA and that she had played a role in sending her husband to Niger .
A contemporaneous FBI report recounting the agents ’ interview with Libby also asserts that Libby had refused to categorically deny to them that Cheney had directed him to leak information to the press about Plame .
A heavily redacted copy of Libby ’s interviews with FBI agents was turned over this summer to the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform .
The committee ’s chairman , Rep. Henry Waxman ( D - Ca. ) wrote Attorney General Michael Mukasey on June 3 , 2008 , reiterating an earlier request that Mukasey turn over to the committee the FBI report of its interview of Vice President Cheney in regards to the Plame matter :
“ In his interview with the FBI , Mr. Libby states that it was `possible ’ that Vice President Cheney instructed [ Libby ] to disseminate information about Ambassador Wilson ’s wife to the press .
This is a significant revelation and , if true , a serious matter .
It can not be responsibly investigated without access to the Vice President ’s interview . ”
Mukasey declined to release the Cheney report to Waxman in particular , and Congress in general .
But a person with access to notes of Cheney ’s interview with federal investigators described to me what Cheney said during those interviews .
Later the same person read to me verbatim portions of the interview notes directly relevant to this story .
***
At the time of the leak of Plame ’s identity , Cheney , Libby and other Bush administration officials were attempting to discredit Wilson because of the charges that he was making that the White House had manipulated intelligence information to take the nation to war with Iraq .
Wilson , a retired career diplomat and former ambassador , had traveled to Niger in February 2002 on a CIA - sponsored mission to investigate allegations that Saddam Hussein ’s regime had attempted to procure uranium from the African nation .
Wilson reported back to the CIA that the allegations were most certainly untrue .
Despite numerous warnings from the CIA and elsewhere in government that the Niger allegations were most likely false or even contrived , President Bush cited them in his 2003 State of the Union address as a rationale to go to war with Iraq .
On July 6 , 2003 , Wilson published an op -ed in The New York Times charging that the Bush administration had “ twisted ” intelligence when it cited the alleged Niger - Iraq connection in the president ’s State of Union earlier that year .
At the time , U.N. weapons inspectors in Iraq could not find out weapons of mass destruction .
Wilson ’s allegations were among the first from an authoritative source that the administration might have misled the nation to go to war .
A central part of the effort to counter Wilson ’s allegations entailed discrediting him by suggesting that his slection for the trip had been a case of nepotism .
Cheney , Libby , then - White House political adviser Karl Rove , and other White House officials told reporters that Wilson ’s wife , who worked at the CIA , had been primarily responsible for selecting him to go to Niger .
The day after Wilson ’s op - ed , on July 7 , 2003 , Cheney personally dictated talking points for then - presidential secretary Ari Fleischer and other White House officials to use to counter Wilson ’s charges and discredit him .
A central purpose for writing the talking points was to demonstrate that the Vice President ’s office had played little if any role in Wilson being sent to Niger and that Cheney was not told of Wilson ’s mission prior to the war with Iraq .
In talking points Cheney dictated on July 7 , Cheney wrote as his first one : “ The Vice President ’s office did not request the mission to Niger . ”
The three other talking points asserted that the “ Vice President ’s office was not informed of Joe Wilson ’s mission ” ; that Cheney ’s office was not briefed about the trip until long after it occurred , and that Cheney and his aides only learned about the trip when they received press inquiries about it a full year later .
***
About a month prior to Wilson having written his own op - ed for the Times , he had told his story of his mission to Niger to New York Times columnist Nicholas Kristof , who wrote a detailed account of Wilson ’s trip and his allegations .
In reaction to that column , Cheney personally made inquiries about the matter to both then - CIA director George Tenet and then - CIA deputy director John McLaughlin , apparently on either June 11 or June 12 , 2003 , according to evidence made public at Libby ’s federal criminal trial .
Both Tenet and McLaughlin told Cheney of Plame ’s role ( in reality , a tenuous one ) to the selection of her husband for the Niger mission .
On June 12 , Cheney and Libby spoke , and Cheney told Libby about Plame ’s supposed role .
In notes that Libby took of the conversation , Libby wrote that Cheney said he been told by the CIA officials that Wilson ’s mission to Niger “ took place at our behest ” - in reference to the CIA .
More specifically , the notes indicted the mission was undertaken at the request of the CIA ’s covert Counterproliferation Division .
The notes said that Cheney told Libby that he had been informed that Wilson ’s “ wife works in that division . ”
Cheney then instructed Libby , according to the notes , to ask the CIA to set the record straight by saying that the Vice President ’s office “ did n’t known about [ the ] mission ” and “ did n’t get the report back ” , in reference to the fact that Cheney ’s office never received a copy of a CIA debriefing report of Wilson after he returned from Niger .
Surprisingly , despite the prominence of Kristof in particular , and the Times in general , the column was largely ignored– at least for a while .
But Wilson ’s own July 6 , 2003
Times op - ed column by rekindled the issue .
Stoking the flames , Wilson then also appeared on Meet the Press that same morning to discuss his column .
Wilson ’s column , prosecutor Fitzgerald asserted at Libby ’s trial , ignited a “ firestorm . ”
Wilson ’s charges , Fitzgerald went on to say , “ came in the fourth month of the war in Iraq , the fourth month when weapons of mass destruction were not found .
Coming as they did , they ignited a media firestorm … the White House was stunned . ”
In a handwritten notation at the bottom of the July 6 op - ed , Cheney wrote out several rhetorical questions regarding Wilson and Plame : “ Have they [ the CIA ] done this before ?
Send an Amb. to answer a question ?
Do we ordinarily send people out pro-bono to work for us ?
Or did his wife send him on a junket ? ”
The next day , July 7 , Cheney crafted talking points to be distributed to the media which emphasized that his office had not requested that Wilson go to Niger , that the CIA had not told him about Wilson ’s findings , and that he personally only learned of the matter long after the U.S. invaded Iraq– from press reports .
The four talking points dictated by Cheney to his press aide , Catharine Martin , stated :
* The Vice President ’s office did not request the mission to Niger .
* The Vice President ’s office was not informed of Joe Wilson ’s mission .
* The Vice President ’s office did not receive a briefing about Mr. Wilson ’s mission after he returned .
* The Vice President ’s office was not aware of Mr. Wilson ’s mission until recent press reports accounted for it .
Martin , in turn , sent those talking points on to , among others , Ari Fleischer , the - then White House press secretary , who utilized them in his briefing or “ gaggle ” for the press that morning .
Fleischer told reporters that same day , according to a transcript of the briefing : “ The Vice President ’s office did not request the mission to Niger .
The Vice president ’s office was not informed of his mission and he was not aware of Mr. Wilson ’s mission until recent press accounts … accounted for it .
So this was something that the CIA undertook …
They sent him on their own volition . ”
Also hat same day , Fleischer , who was planning to leave his position as White House press secretary , had lunch with Libby , during which , according to Fleisher ’s testimony at Libby ’s trial , Libby spoke extensively about the role of Plame in sending her husband on the Niger mission .
At the lunch , Fleischer would testify , Libby told him : “ Ambassador Wilson was sent by his wife .
His wife works for the CIA . ”
Fleischer testified that Libby even referred to Wilson ’s wife by her maiden name , Valerie Plame .
“ He added it was `hush - hush ’ , and on the QT , ’ and that most people did n’t know it , ” Fleisher testified .
The very next morning , on July 8 , Libby met with reporter Judith Miller of the New York Times for two hours for breakfast at the St. Regis Hotel in downtown Washington in an effort to staunch the damage done by Wilson ’s column .
Miller testified at Libby ’s trial during the breakfast Libby told her that Wilson ’s wife worked at the CIA and that Plame had played a role in selecting him for his Niger mission .
In testimony before the federal grand jury in the CIA leak case , Libby testified that Cheney had instructed him before the breakfast to “ get everything out . ”
Regarding the allegations that he leaked information to Miller about Plame , Libby told federal investigators that he had never done so .
During the same breakfast , Libby also disclosed to Miller portions of a then - still classified National Intelligence Estimate which Cheney believed demonstrated that the CIA was to blame for robustly endorsing the Niger information as accurate .
President Bush had personally and secretly declassified portions of the NIE for the specific purpose of leaking them to Miller .
In disclosing selective portions of the NIE to Miller , only the President , the Vice President , and Libby knew about the secret declassification .
“ So far as you know , the only three people who knew about this would be the President , the Vice President , and yourself , ” Libby was asked by Fitzgerald during one session by Libby before the federal grand jury hearing evidence in the CIA leak case ,
“ Correct , sir , ” Libby answered .
Also that same day , July 8 , 2003 , Cheney met again Cathy Martin– this time on Cheney ’s office on Capitol Hill .
During the meeting , according to an account Martin gave federal investigators , Cheney told Martin that he wanted some changes and additions made to the talking points devised the previous day that had already been disseminated to Fleischer and other White House communications aides .
Martin told investigators that Cheney dictated the changes to her , and in each case , she took down word for word what the Vice President said .
( Martin later repeated this same account under oath during Libby ’s trial . )
Cheney told Martin that he wanted the very first of the talking points to now read : “ It is not clear who authorized Joe Wilson ’s trip to Niger . ”
Cheney , of course , knew that the CIA had authorized Wilson ’s trip and had sent Wilson to Niger .
Both Cheney and Libby had been told by a large number of CIA and State Department officials by then that such was the case , according to the sworn testimony of those officials at Libby ’s trial .
And the day before , Fleisher had told the press that Wilson ’s mission to Niger was “ something that the CIA undertook ” and that they had also “ sent him on their own volition . ”
Why would Cheney change the talking points from the day before if he knew that the CIA had sent Wilson and he and his staff had encouraged Fleischer to say that the day before ?
Obviously , saying it was unclear who had authorized Wilson ’s trip to Niger was not only untrue , it also pointed reporters in the direction of asking about Plame .
Asked about this during his FBI interview , Cheney was at a loss to explain how the change of the talking points focusing attention on who specifically sent Wilson to Niger would not lead reporters might lead to exposure of Plame ’s role as a CIA officer .
There was a matter , as well , as to why Cheney changed the talking points to say it was unclear who sent Wilson when in fact he had admitted earlier during the same interview with investigators that he clearly knew it was the CIA .
Finally , of course , there was the fact that on the very same day that Cheney changed the talking points that Libby was meeting with Miller and telling Miller that Plame worked for the CIA and had sent her husband to Niger .
In his closing argument during the Libby trial , however , Fitzgerald did mention the issue briefly .
None of the media covering the trial , however ( with the sole exception once again being Dan Froomkin ) , appeared to understand its significance or broader context , and did not report it .
Noting the change of Cheney ’s July 7 and July 8 , 2003 talking points , Patrick Fitzgerald said : “ The question of who authorized became number one .
That ’s a question that would lead to the answer : Valerie Wilson . ”
***
Four days later , on July 12 , 2003 Cheney and Libby strategized again as to how to beat back Wilson ’s allegations .
They had traveled together , and with thier families , to the Norfolk Naval Station for the commissioning of the nuclear - powered Nimitz - class aircraft carrier , the U.S.S. Ronald Reagan .
On the flight home , Cheney pressed Libby to talk to reporters to once again , hoping to beat back Wilson ’s allegations and discredit the former diplomat .
Immediately after landing , Libby spoke to then - Time magazine correspondent Matthew Cooper and confirmed for him that Plame worked for the CIA and had played a role in sending her husband to Niger .
It was regarding that conversation that Libby told the FBI it was “ possible ” that Cheney might have told him to discuss Plame .
On July 2 , 2007 , President Bush commuted Libby ’s thirty month prison sentence , saying he was doing so out of compassion for Libby ’s family and because he believed that he believed that the sentence was excessive .
The White House declined to say whether Bush might consider a full pardon for Libby .
In the next few days , it will become known whether Libby will in fact be pardoned by President Bush in his final days in office .
In the meantime , what the Vice President and the President told the FBI during their own FBI interviews during the Plame investigation will not be officially disclosed by the White House .
Despite the fact that prosecutor Fitzgerald has said told Congress that he has no objections to the provision of the reports to Congress , the Bush administration has refused to follow through .
Special thanks to David Neiwart for editing assistance .
Related articles by Murray Waas :
Murray Waas , “ What Did Bush Tell Gonzales ? ” the Atlantic , Sept. 26 , 2008 .
Murray Waas , “ The Case of the Gonzales Notes , ” the Atlantic , Sept. 26 , 2008 .
Murray Waas , “ Cheney ’s Call , ” National Journal , Feb. 15 , 2007 .
Murray Waas , “ Inside the Grand Jury , ” National Journal , Jan. 12 , 2007 .
Murray Waas , “ Cheney`Authorized ’ Libby to Leak Classified Information , ” National Journal , Feb. 8 , 2006 .
Murray Waas , “ Key Bush Intelligence Briefing Kept From Hill Panel , ” National Journal , Nov. 22 , 2005 .
Barton Gelman , “ A Leak , Then a Deluge , ” Washington Post , Oct. 30 , 2005 .
Murray Waas , “ The Meeting , ” American Prospect , Aug. 6 , 2005 .
Readers can contact Murray Waas by leaving a comment below or through his Facebook account .
Waas was , with Jeff Lomonaco , the co-editor of the United States v. I. Lewis Libby , published in the spring of 2007 by Union Square Press .
Will George W. Bush do in real life what he acted out as a Skull and Bones initiate ?
Pope to visit George W. Bush in the White House on We ...
Three motorways , a freight line and two underground subways across Sydney have made a federal government shortlist for projects that will be considered for funding .
Several hundred billion dollars worth of transport , energy , water and communication projects around the country have made the proposed list released today by the government 's Infrastructure Australia board .
The shortlist includes a total of 94 projects across Australia .
“ The American justice system is a precious and fragile thing ... This has been one of the most difficult things we have ever had to do ... We have not reached our conclusion lightly …
We are confident we have reached it fairly and impartially .
We ask that our privacy be respected . "
What happened to Knol ?
Announced by Google in late 2007 and launched in July 2008 , the site was meant to bring more credible ( read : not written by anonymous Wikipedians ) " knowledge units " to the web , and it would allow the authors to cash in on their work .
But it 's 2009 , and Knol appears to be notable largely for its non-notability .
First , the good news .
Knol users have already published more than 100,000 pieces of knowledge and the project has a ( shockingly ) quick schedule of incremental releases .
According to the Knolologists of Google , " people visit Knol from 197 countries and territories on an average day , from the Aland Islands and Antarctica to Zambia and Zimbabwe . "
Now the bad news : no one 's reading the site , and it 's awash in poor content .
Knol - body is reading
Traffic for Knol has certainly posed no danger to Wikipedia 's position atop most Google search results , as some feared when Knol was first deployed .
Indeed , it 's rare enough to see a Knol article on the first page of results , and a scan through various Knol pages reinforces this impression of generally low visibility .
Even a long , detailed article on IPv6 — the sort of thing that would seem to be a natural fit for Knol — attracts only a handful of pageviews a week , with a mere 327 total pageviews .
( Wikipedia 's entry is number two on the list ;
Ars has a piece at number nine , but Knol is MIA . )
Some of Knol 's hottest stories ; who knew there was so much to say about intestinal bleeding ?
Indeed , the numbers are low enough that more than 50 pageviews a week appears to put an article in an elite club .
Not even " 7 Steps to Create Massive Traffic to Your Site " can generate more than a handful of pageviews .
As for the quality of the content , Google 's attempt at monetizing ( both for itself and for its authors ) the Knol entries has had a perverse effect .
While it has attracted plenty of detailed commentary from learned professionals , it 's drowning in plenty more that is basically spam , plagiarism , or a stub , thrown up in the apparent hope of making some quick cash .
( Though because of point number one , that 's not happening , either . )
At least Google is aware of the problem and has provided rating and review tools to catch questionable , illegal , or merely bad content .
But problems remain .
Dueling Obamas
Take " Barack Obama , " for instance .
A search for his name brings up 809 entries ; since most Knol users appear to write their own entries rather than add to others ( for which no compensation is forthcoming ) , the proliferation of entries is inevitable .
And it 's not at all clear that the best ones are rising to the top .
The first Obama entry is skeletal , the second and third more substantive but largely reprising the same facts , while the fourth was written by someone who identifies himself as a " Wisdom ( brain ) coach , President of research foundation , solver of the mystery of wisdom , antique dealer , inventor , knoler , solver of the mystery why the sperm is tiny and the womens [ sic ] egg is huge . "
While this sounds like someone I would love to know more about , I 'm quite sure that his entry on Obama will be less helpful ( as it turns out to be ) than the Wikipedia entry on Obama .
Knol has " niche " content down
Other posts , while interesting , appear to be cut - and - paste jobs from a company brochure or HTML versions of existing works , such as the US Army Survival Manual .
In the cases where the content is more impressive and ( apparently ) original , it tends to be ultra-specialized , as in this ridiculously complete breakdown of Sun Tzu's The Art of War .
It 's already becoming clear , though , that Knol is evolving away from any sort of " Google Wikipedia . "
Many of its pieces are not straight - up descriptions of some event or person or topic , but " how - to " pieces on a huge variety of bizarre subjects .
There is , for example , an entire Knol devoted to " Horniness ; a spreading epidemic that must be stopped . "
It is written for " the young people who are just coming of age and those who are heading towards horniness , those who are border line horny and those who are already stuck , " and it's by the " Wisdom ( brain ) coach " listed above .
More mainstream writers have tackled proofreading , spotting fake sports cards , four - season family camping , and breastfeeding while in the office .
While different in focus from projects like Wikipedia and Citizendium , this " how - to " aspect of Knol could certainly position the service as more of a competitor to sites like eHow.com .
With its mix of philosophical rants , Wikipedia - style entries , and how - to pieces , Knol feels unfocused , certainly not the kind of site designed for browsing .
Some individual entries do decently ( a walkthrough of the video game Gun appeared on the first page of Google search results for " Gun walkthrough " ) , but most struggle for traction and high - profile " name " writers are largely missing .
It 's early in Knol 's development and , with the resources of a company like Google behind it , the project might stick around until it becomes a niche hit like Orkut — huge in Brazil , but nearly unknown elsewhere .
At the moment , though , Knol is struggling up a knoll of its own , and the top is n't yet in sight .
Illicit building has been taking place in well - established settlements , such as Ofra The Israeli defence ministry has concealed information about the extent of illegal settlement - building in the West Bank , a leading newspaper reports .
A classified database of construction compiled by the ministry was leaked to the Israeli newspaper Haaretz .
It suggests most construction took place without the right permits , and more than 30 settlements were built in part on land owned by Palestinians .
Settlements are a contentious issue in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict .
The defence ministry has not commented on the report , which appears to contradict Israel 's official position that it does not requisition private land for settlements .
The internationally - backed " road map " peace plan also calls on Israel to halt all settlement activity .
Publication ' blocked '
The database - compiled over about two years - was leaked to Haaretz by the Israeli human rights group Yesh Din .
Israel says it does not tolerate the seizure of private land for settlements
It focuses not only on some 100 unauthorised settler outposts , but also on about 120 settlements officially authorised since Israel captured the territory in the 1967 Arab - Israeli war .
An analysis of the data shows a big majority - about 75 % - of construction in settlements was carried out without the right permit or in contravention of permits issued , Haaretz reported .
In more than 30 settlements , buildings including schools , synagogues and police stations , had been built on private Palestinian land .
The newspaper said Defence Minister Ehud Barak blocked publication of the data , arguing it could endanger state security or harm Israel 's foreign relations .
Yesh Din told the BBC the report showed that the Israeli government ignored its own distinction between settlements considered legal under Israeli law , and illegal outposts built on privately owned land .
The group said it would use the information to help Palestinians sue Israel for damages .
Mitchell visit The Haaretz article comes in the same week as the visit of the new US envoy to the Middle East , George Mitchell .
In 2001 he released a report which called on Israel to freeze settlement building .
Earlier this week Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert was quoted in another newspaper as saying he had offered in talks with the Palestinians to remove 60,000 settlers from the West Bank .
Haaretz says the right - wing opposition leader Benjamin Netanyahu has vowed not to be tied to any pledges to withdraw settlers .
Jewish settlements in the West bank , including East Jerusalem , are considered illegal under international law , though Israel disputes this .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
American actor Patrick Swayze attends a photocall for the musical Guys and Dolls at The Century , Piccadilly in London on June 5,2006 .
( UPI Photo / Rune Hellestad ) | License Photo
LOS ANGELES , Dec. 2 ( UPI ) --
Hollywood actor Patrick Swayze says contrary to reports saying otherwise he has n't taken a turn for the worse and started saying goodbye to his loved ones .
The 56 - year - old star of " The Outsiders , " " Dirty Dancing , " " Ghost " and " Point Break , " has been battling pancreatic cancer for months .
Advertisement
He recently wrapped work on the upcoming TV show " The Beast , " while undergoing treatment for the disease .
Although media reports last week suggested Swayze was losing his fight , the actor issued an exclusive statement to People magazine Tuesday refuting the claims .
" I 'm very proud of the work I 've done on my new series ' The Beast , ' and I am happy to be back home for the holidays .
It 's a great feeling of accomplishment to say you 're gonna do something and do it , " Swayze said .
He added , however , that " the only thorn in my side " is how " many tabloids have been consistently reporting lies and false information about me and those close to me . "
" They 're reporting that I 'm on my last legs and saying goodbye to my tearful family , " he said .
" Pancreatic cancer is an aggressive disease and from the moment I was diagnosed , I knew I was in for the fight of my life .
It 's a battle , and so far , I 've been winning .
...
It 's upsetting that the shoddy and reckless reporting from these publications cast a negative shadow on the positive and good fight I 'm fighting .
For me , my family , and those close to me , it amounts to downright emotional cruelty .
That makes me angry when hope is so precious . "
I rush in and follow the signs to the meeting room .
I am relieved , I am not late .
Not that I was giddy with anticipation or anything .
I just hate walking into meetings that have already started .
I see the company has provided doughnuts and coffee , but I do n't grab anything .
I was on a 3rd shift schedule , so I had been up already , and had had a chance to grab some breakfast .
I look around and spot one of my coworkers .
Kevin* had been working all night , all the way up to the meeting .
I was fortunate , in that I had the night off and could sleep in before the meeting .
I would have hated working the night before one of these meetings .
They can be so long and monotonous .
While most of the associates in attendance had no idea what the meeting was about , I had a pretty good idea .
A few months ago , I was checking on the company intranet to see if I had any " learning modules " to complete .
I spotted a module that immediately made the hair on the back of my neck stand up -- " The Employee Free Choice Act " .
Uh oh , I thought .
I clicked on it , and saw that it was not a regular module , but rather a page where you had to confirm you attended a meeting .
I told some of my close coworker friends what was up , that we would probably have to attend one of the company 's anti-union spiels .
We were not looking forward to it , let me tell you .
Most of us DESPISED the company , and everything it stood for .
So now , we are at last at the promised meeting .
I see that Bill * and Charlie* are going to be leading the meeting / propaganda .
Charlie is the local market 's HR guy .
He handles personnel issues concerning the local area , encompassing 9 stores ( the market ) .
Bill is also there .
Bill is the actual market manager ( IE , everyone 's boss , including store managers ) .
Bill is the kind of guy who loves to drop by his stores incognito , walk around for a while , and then find the managers and tell them how shitty they do their jobs .
NOT everyone 's favorite guy .
Now , I like Charlie .
He is a good guy , who actually cares about the associates .
Whenever one of the associates has a problem with a manager , Charlie swoops in to let the manager know he better treat us right .
I consider him to be an ally -- well , as much an ally as any Wal - Mart shill can be .
Bill , is an enemy .
Whenever he is in a room , you can be sure that bad things will follow .
We start off the with the excruciatingly long introductions .
Everyone has to introduce themselves , the store they work at , and the department they supervise .
After that , we finally get to the business at hand .
Charlie gets right to the point .
" How many of you have heard of the Employee Free Choice Act ? "
If my memory serves me right , no hands went up .
I of course , knew what it was .
But I did n't want to make it seem like I knew too much .
No sense in being the class know - it - all when it might cost me my job down the road .
He explains what the act does , changing the way union organizing drives are conducted .
This is where Charlie and the truth part ways .
From here on out , it 's all lies .
The way Wal - Mart likes to scare associates away from organizing is to attack the union itself .
In their brainwashing video , they show organizers as slick , professional bullshitters .
Sort of like used car salesmen or ambulance - chasing lawyers .
You can visualize the stereotype .
They then show actors ( I wonder if they are SAG actors ? ) posing as associates in hypothetical situations .
In situation A , we are a happy , non-union store .
In situation B , the evil union has taken the store over .
The first hypothetical situation is about a spill in grocery .
One associate asks another to guard a spill while he cleans it up .
Ok , a normal everyday occurrence .
Then we see what happens when THE EVIL EVIL UNION has taken control .
The associate now says " We can't clean this spill , the maintenance workers are under a union contract .
Only they are allowed to do this work .
Further , for attempting to do this work in violation of the contract , you can be fined up to $ 20000 " .
Uhhhh , WHAT !?!?
I look around the room , to see if the room is actually buying this malarkey .
Then in the next situation , the store manager and a supervisor are deciding on who would be a good associate to promote to department manager .
No one has ever consulted ME on promotions , but whatever .
Then we see what would happen if THE SATANIC BABY EATING UNION were in the store .
Now the slimey shop steward is in the meeting , and he vetoes the store manager 's suggestion for a promotion .
Mr. shop steward then goes to tell the most senior member in the department ( who coincidentally is also the most unpopular ) that he has the job .
Um , yeah sure .
I bet if real unions had micromanaging power like that , GM , Ford , and Chrysler would not be up shit creek right now .
After the non-sense is over , Charlie goes into the politics of EFCA .
This peaks my curiosity , as Wal - Mart has never discussed politics with the associates in an official capacity , as far as I know .
He talks about the gains the Democrats made in the 2006 elections , and how they already tried to get EFCA passed ( to help their union friends -- slimey ! ) .
The GOP filibustered , and Bush threatened a veto , so EFCA was dead for the moment .
But there was a presidential election coming .
" Now , I am not here to tell you how to vote .
But if the election were to go the wrong way , we may end up having EFCA as the law of the land .
Remember that when its time to vote . "
We all look around at each other .
" Is he telling us how to vote ? " Kevin asks , with a tint of anger in his voice .
I see others whispering to one another .
This was clearly controversial with the room .
And I can't imagine what the African - Americans in the room must have been thinking , but none of them really spoke up in response .
After that , the associates got more vocal .
" Why do n't you just give us better benefits ? "
" This is a rich company , why can't you pay the associates more ? " .
Charlie had his pre-recorded talking points ready .
Like how we must remain competitive , and other non-sense from the company that pulls in $ 400 billion in sales globally .
An eternity later ( it was actually probably 2 hours ) , the meeting ends .
We all shuffle back to our cars , so we can clock out and get the hell out of there .
Some associates are still talking amongst themselves about what just transpired .
But what was lingering in my brain was something Charlie said .
Something that made my stomach sick .
" To combat the union , we are having meetings with every level of the stores .
We already had meetings with the salaried managers .
We are currently conducting meetings with you supervisors .
And soon , we will start having meetings with the hourly associates . "
I thought about all those hourly associates .
People who have spent decades building this company .
People who will now be subject to Wal - Mart 's bünd meetings .
People who have no skills , and so much to lose if they were to be fired .
My friends .
I felt powerless in that meeting .
I wanted to stand up and scream " You are all damned liars and you know it ! " .
But I kept silent .
What good would it have done .
Now , all over the country , thousands will know the cruelty of Wal - Mart intimidation and union - busting .
That is why it is so important that Congress and President Obama pass the Employee Free Choice Act .
No one should have to live their lives feeling defeated and powerless .
No one should have to hold their head low just to feed their families .
This is not just about fair pay and health insurance .
Its about dignity .
Its about respect .
Its about being able to go to work , without having to be afraid anymore .
Solidarity .
Names with asterisks were changed to protect people 's anonymity ( especially mine ) .
I no longer work for Wal - Mart .
I have since moved on ( thank God ) and can now feel safe telling my story .
Thank you for reading .
Just a few short years ago , Iceland had much to be proud of .
The good times were rolling so fast that one expected the country 's almost round - the - clock summer daylight to last all year .
Business was booming , society overfed , and the capital , Reykjavik , was in vogue as a travel destination for rich revellers , gastronomes and culture lovers .
Iceland is a country of dramatic natural beauty : lunar landscapes , spouting geysers , sheer glaciers and craggy volcanic rock formations ; an impressive but inhospitable isle floating in mid-Atlantic isolation .
When , in 2007 , it topped the UN's Human Development Index for its high standard of living , literacy and life expectancy , the tiny community of 310,000 felt they had proved their educated , hard - working and resilient character on an international scale .
The previous year , America had abandoned its long - standing naval air station at Keflavik .
Symbolically , the move set Icelanders free from more than seven centuries of foreign domination , first as a Norwegian and then a Danish colony , and for the past 65 years , less formally , under the wing of the US .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" The Vikings " had risen again , and this is the admiring title the country bestowed upon the small group of aggressive businessmen whose high - risk investing bloated the island 's economy to 10 times its GDP , buying up chunks of the British and Continental European high streets in the process .
French Connection , Debenhams , Karen Millen , Oasis , Warehouse , Mappin & Webb , Hamleys and many more fell into Icelandic ownership .
So did West Ham United football club .
When Icelanders visited Copenhagen , they would strut into its smartest department store to buy expensive fashions from " their " shop .
Like many British chains , it too was owned by the " Viking " Jon Asgeir Johannesson 's Baugur group : one in the eye for the mother country .
Few stopped to consider , let alone fret over , whether their swift financial ascent would end in an equally steep plunge into oblivion .
They were too busy flying to Barcelona for dinner , opening smart boutique hotels , investing in art , planning massive public buildings and buying Range Rovers and Audi Q7s – Iceland is one of the top car - owning countries in the world .
In October , Iceland 's three main banks were nationalised and declared bankrupt .
Overnight , any Icelander – and there were many – who had bought these status vehicles or invested in luxury new properties with a foreign loan found the value of their purchases plummeting as repayments soared .
The currency , the Krona , fell to one quarter its value before trading in it was suspended .
Thousands of hard - working couples nearing retirement age had placed their life savings in stocks with the Landsbanki , Glitnir and Kaupthing banks which led the crash .
For many , every penny disappeared into the turbulent waters which connect Iceland with its American and European neighbours .
Frugal Icelanders have been stung too .
Food and petrol costs are rising all the time and with interest rates nearing 20 per cent , domestic mortgages , even modest ones , are becoming impossible to service .
" The feeling is we are unable to look after our own affairs " says Hallgrimur Helgason , one of the country 's leading novelists .
" We were on our own for years and we went too far , too fast , in too little time .
We behaved like children and the first thing we did when the stock market opened 10 years ago was go to London and buy toy stores and candy stores .
Now we are bankrupt and there will be no money for years to come and we have more debts than we can ever repay .
" We 're just like kids whose parents went away for the weekend and we trashed the entire house . "
There is no word from the government yet on how it plans to repair the damage .
What does that mean for the man on the streets of a country whose coffers are empty ?
Are we talking soup kitchens , sheltered housing and begging on street corners ?
Far from it .
If you 're as comfortable as Iceland was , the rot has its work cut out before it emerges on the surface .
The streets of the capital are clean and the people could not be more hospitable or charming .
On Friday and Saturday nights , a succession of bars and clubs are packed out .
Judging by the drunken state of most people , they are still spending money here .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Iceland 's troubles did reveal themselves during last week 's tumultuous events .
Peaceful demonstrations began in Reykjavik 's main square , outside the Althing ( parliament ) building , had begun in October immediately after the crash .
Last week they erupted in the worst riots since it became a founding member of Nato in 1949 .
Rocks were hurled at police and the Althing .
Its windows were smashed and the building set alight .
Over 130 protesters received treatment after police used tear gas to disperse the crowd , and one police officer was seriously injured .
On Friday morning , human rights campaigner and protest organiser Hordur Torfason told a chilling anecdote to illustrate the desperation many Icelanders are feeling .
He had received a phone call from a man who said that four generations of his family had lost everything .
" He wanted me to help them build a gallows in front of the parliament building , " says Torfason .
" I asked him if this was to have some symbolic significance .
' No , ' came the answer .
' A member of my family wants to hang himself in public . ' "
" I said I would help them but not in this way , " says Torfason .
" But he killed himself two days ago . "
Red Cross employees and volunteers are working overtime to prepare for depression and desperation .
The relief agency has expanded and is setting up support groups and activities for the unemployed .
" One of the effects of long - term unemployment is depression , " says the agency 's Thor Gislason .
More people are attending church , he says , not just for spiritual succour , but because food is sometimes provided for a nominal charge .
Soup kitchens , emblematic of Eastern bloc poverty , might be going too far .
" We believe people will be too ashamed to stand in line publicly for food , " says Gislason , " so we will organise activities and volunteer work where food is involved instead . "
Icelanders are known for their love of good food .
Now is the beginning of a month when people celebrate local cuisine by dining out on traditional dishes , but one smart restaurant with a menu featuring pickled whale blubber , whale sushi and peppered whale steaks , cod liver , pickled herring , smoked puffin breast , reindeer meat and caviar , is empty save a handful of foreign diners .
Panorama , a new gourmet restaurant on the top floor of the Centerhotel Arnarhvoll , has magnificent views over Reykjavik 's harbour but is equally subdued .
Over in Reykjavik 's 101 Hotel , owned by the " Viking " tycoon Jon Asgeir Johannesson and renowned as a favourite haunt of champagne - loving Kaupthing bankers , there are a few suits and little else .
As many as 8,000 people braved the damp cold to demonstrate last week , the largest number to attend a public protest in the history of Iceland .
On Friday , the Prime Minister , Geir Haarde , who has cancer , called an election for9 May and announced that he will not run again .
Yet protesters called for his immediate resignation on Saturday .
The government 's efforts amount to too little , too late , they say .
They want parliament dissolved , a new constitution , and an investigation of those politicians they believe accountable .
" Every other person is basically bankrupt , " said organiser Magnus Bjorn Olafsson .
" This is a revolution and we want to create a new constitution like the French did . "
All walks of life were evident at the protests ; well - heeled Icelanders with their designer coats and dogs were as prevalent as any other group .
For many , like Gudbjorg Bjornsdottir , 47 , and Runar Mar Sverisson , 50 , it was their first experience of protesting .
" We thought it was time we showed our support , " says Bjornsdottir , " It is not enough to sit at home .
We are not here for our personal situation but for the injustice . "
Asgerdur Einarsdottir , 43 , attended a party last week attended mostly by architects and graphic designers .
She was the only one there to have a job .
She works in Iceland 's remaining steady industry , tourism , for a tour operator which provides visitors with thrills such as snowmobiling up a glacier or driving through lava fields .
Before the crash , Iceland was prohibitively expensive .
It is now far more accessible to foreigners but the running costs of her firm , owned by the parents of Barcelona striker Eidur Gudjohnsen , have gone up 110 per cent , and they are losing the lucrative business of indulgent corporate jollies .
On Reykjavik 's main shopping street , Laugavegur , bargains are suddenly to be found : in Saevar Karl , a designer department store , most items are 40 per cent off .
Its manager , Tomas Tomasson , notes that Iceland is now the cheapest place in the world to buy Prada .
Everyone blames greed , political corruption and lack of financial regulation for the mess , but most know they must share responsibility .
" I feel partly to blame myself , " admits writer Helgason .
" We admired the brashness of the Vikings and we all got carried away .
We are a young and immature society . "
Torfason says : " Things are bad and they will get much worse .
But it is unlikely anyone will starve .
There are people with no fixed address here , but none on the street ; you would freeze to death .
There is no call to be desperate .
We are small but we have resources . "
This much is true .
The seas are full of fish , geothermal energy and natural gas are abundant .
Oil prospecting is beginning .
But there is a risk that Iceland will give its riches away in a fire sale to the same Vikings who have already half - sunk the nation once .
Iceland has survived famine , volcanic eruptions and smallpox before .
Now it must confront the fact that it has been blighted by a man -made disaster .
Iceland :
The facts
* Population : 313,376
* Currency : Icelandic Krona ( ISK )
* Unemployment in October 2008 1.9 % ; January 2009 : 7 % . Expected to rise to 8.6 % in 2010 .
* Inflation : 13.1 %
* Interest rates 18 %
* GDP per capita in 2007 : $ 42,000
* GDP per capita now : $ 39,400
* The world 's eighteenth largest island , Iceland has nearly 5,000 km of coastline .
* Iceland 's natural resources include geothermal power and diatomite , many rivers and waterfalls are used for hydroelectricity .
* Did not gain full independence from Denmark until 1944 .
Granted limited home rule in 1874 .
* Althing , the Icelandic parliament , is the oldest functioning legislative assembly in the world , which was established in 930 .
* In 2007 Iceland was ranked the most developed country in the world by the UN .
* The Apollo 11 astronauts trained in Iceland because of the terrain 's similarity to the moon .
BART calls meeting on killing , gets flak
Charlie Walker of San Francisco ( right ) pulls Bart Board Member Carole Ward Allen ( left ) aside and talks with her as she reenters the Lawrence D. Dahms Auditorium after leaving during the community meeting in response to the shooting of Oscar Grant at the Joseph P. Bort MetroCenter in Oakland , Calif. on Sunday January 11 , 2009 .
less Charlie Walker of San Francisco ( right ) pulls Bart Board Member Carole Ward Allen ( left ) aside and talks with her as she reenters the Lawrence D. Dahms Auditorium after leaving during the community meeting in ... more Photo : Lea Suzuki , The Chronicle Photo : Lea Suzuki , The Chronicle Image 1 of / 10 Caption Close BART calls meeting on killing , gets flak 1 / 10 Back to Gallery
Eleven days after the video - recorded shooting of an unarmed man by a BART police officer , the transit agency has still not explained the killing , and the anger and political heat around the case remain intense .
That much was clear when officials from the transit agency invited community leaders and local politicians to a special Sunday meeting - and were lambasted for three hours .
Many of the speakers demanded that BART immediately arrest Johannes Mehserle , the BART police officer who in the early hours of New Year 's Day fatally shot Oscar Grant as Grant lay face - down on the platform of the Fruitvale Station in Oakland .
Police had detained Grant , a 22 - year - old supermarket worker from Hayward , along with a few others , around 2 a.m. as they investigated a fight aboard a train from San Francisco .
About 100 people attended Sunday 's meeting .
Some called for an extensive overhaul of the police agency and the way it trains officers .
Others warned that inaction is dangerous , referring to riots over the shooting last week in downtown Oakland , where hundreds of car windows and storefronts were smashed .
Some speakers brought their children - African American boys - and said they needed to be able to tell them justice would be done .
The afternoon meeting at the Joseph P. Bort MetroCenter in Oakland was so tense that BART Director Carole Ward Allen - who represents the Fruitvale Station and opened the meeting with an apology to Grant 's family - stood up and walked out for 10 minutes at one point after she and her colleagues were taken to task by Oakland City Councilwoman Desley Brooks .
Allen later explained , " I was aware that I might say the wrong thing . "
Fellow Director Lynette Sweet , meanwhile , apologized moments after joking that the meeting was keeping people from the National Football League playoffs .
" I do n't think you guys realize what kind of fire you 're playing with , " said Dion Evans , pastor at Chosen Vessels Christian Church in Alameda , addressing a BART panel that included General Manager Dorothy Dugger and Police Chief Gary Gee .
Need for pressure
Many of the speakers - elected officials , clergy , labor representatives , activists - said they felt the need to apply constant political pressure in the investigation .
They noted that police officers are rarely charged in criminal court and said they fear Grant 's black skin color had something to do with what happened to him on the platform .
" It 's not happening to other folk , " said Amos Brown , the president of the San Francisco chapter of the NAACP , pointing at his own face to make his point .
Brown , a pastor at Third Baptist Church in San Francisco and a former city supervisor , asked BART to adopt a resolution that would " confess the sins of America " and acknowledge the existence of racism .
BART appears to be feeling the pressure : Dugger and Gee said they plan to wrap up their criminal investigation by the end of this week .
And the agency has scheduled yet another special meeting for today at 1:30 p.m. at the Kaiser Center in Oakland .
The board is scheduled to appoint a committee to figure out ways to avoid such shootings in the future .
Also today , the board today will meet behind closed doors to discuss a $ 25 million claim filed last week by Grant 's family members , who intend to sue .
Asked after the meeting about the fury the case has generated , BART Director Bob Franklin said , " I think it 's appropriate . "
Community leaders asked Gee several times why Mehserle had not been arrested .
Some speakers said they fear he might go on the run .
If that happens , Evans said , " there 's going to be hell in the streets . "
Joseph Anderson , a Berkeley activist , said , " and I 'll be there . "
Legal restraints
The chief said in an interview after the meeting that the law prevented BART from arresting Mehserle during an ongoing investigation into an officer - involved shooting , no matter what the facts .
" We have to operate within the parameters of the criminal justice system , " Gee said .
" Officers fire their guns - sometimes negligently , sometimes accidentally , sometimes intentionally - and it's up to the district attorney to weigh the totality of the evidence . "
BART , the Oakland Police Department and Alameda County prosecutors are investigating the shooting .
On Thursday , District Attorney Tom Orloff said his office would make a decision on possible charges in two weeks .
In addition , state Attorney General Jerry Brown said Saturday that he is sending an observer to the district attorney 's office to encourage prompt action .
And the FBI is keeping an eye on the case as well , said spokesman Joseph Schadler , as is standard in cases that may involve civil rights .
Mehserle , 27 , quit his job Wednesday , the day he was scheduled to be questioned by BART investigators , who ordered him to answer or face disciplinary action .
Exercising his right to remain silent , he has declined to speak to criminal investigators as well .
Neither Mehserle nor his lawyers have issued any public statements .
More protests over Grant 's shooting are planned for this week .
If President Barack Obama wants to stop the descent toward dangerous global climate change , and avoid the trade anarchy that current approaches to this problem will invite , he should take Al Gore 's proposal for a carbon tax and make it global .
A tax on CO2 emissions -- not a cap - and - trade system -- offers the best prospect of meaningfully engaging China and the U.S. , while avoiding the prospect of unhinged environmental protectionism .
China emphatically opposes a hard emissions cap on its economy .
Yet China must be part of ...
The waves on Lake Michigan Tuesday afternoon " were about as big as they get , " surfer Matt Smolenski said .
And the rip current along the Grand Haven pier was " really strong . "
One of those big waves swept a man 's dog off the pier around 2:30 p.m. , and it was Smolenski who rode a wave in to save the struggling pet , said off - duty Muskegon Heights police officer Royce Rodgers , who witnessed the rescue .
Smolenski , 25 , of Grand Haven " was able to grab the dog's collar , " said Rodgers .
" He put the dog up on his surfboard and the dog rode the surfboard in to shore . "
" When I got to the dog , it was n't dog- paddling anymore , " Smolenski said .
While Smolenski said he did n't know the dog's owner , he was familiar with the man and his four - legged companion because they regularly head for the pier when the waves are big .
" I 've watched the dog about a million times .
He barks at the waves and then jumps back when they wash up on the pier , " Smolenski said , adding that he was surprised the black and brown mixed - breed animal wound up in the water .
Rodgers said he had taken his own dog , Buster , out on the pier on a leash .
He said the man with the other dog , which was unleashed , came out about the same time he did .
But Rodgers said he and his dog stopped about halfway out because " the waves were too big . "
The other dog owner , who has a disability , continued on with his pet .
" I was just watching the waves coming up one after another , and I witnessed an especially big wave wash up on the pier , " Rodgers said .
That wave caught the dog owner first and " knocked him off his feet , " Rodgers said , then knocked the dog into the water .
" The dog was trying to swim , but the waves were very large .
It was struggling , " Royce said .
" The owner was screaming for the dog . "
Smolenski saw the familiar dog owner , then said something to his surfing buddy , Joe Riopelle , 24 , also of Grand Haven , like : " Oh man , that guy 's dog went in .
I 'm going to go for it . "
Smolenski rode in on the surfboard on his stomach , then rolled off the board when he got close to the dog .
" I realized I was not going in ( to shore ) without that dog , " he said .
" That dog is that guy 's best friend . "
Smolenski got the 30 - to 40 - pound dog onto his surfboard and he stayed in the water , fighting the strong current to get to shore .
" I got pretty tired , " he said .
" I had a hard time getting in myself . "
He was joined by Riopelle , who helped both to shore .
The rescue took " a good five or six minutes , " Rodgers said , adding that he did n't think the dog , which looked " pretty old , " could have lasted much longer .
Once the rescue party was on shore , the dog's owner gave the surfer " a high five and said : ' Thank you , brother , ' then left so fast I could n't get his name , " Rodgers said .
Smolenski is a dog - lover himself .
He has a toy poodle named " Kobie . "
Even if government spending in theory could “ stimulate the economy ” in a genuine , sustainable way , it would not follow that politicians and bureaucrats would know how to spend the money intelligently .
The pressures to do something now and the perverse incentives facing those in charge of the money guarantee there would be more doggle than boon .
Government “ countercyclical ” spending is notorious for kicking in after the recession has passed .
The planners ’ information is necessarily dated , and their capacity to act quickly is overestimated .
The Congressional Budget Office says most of the $ 355 billion in discretionary spending being planned would n’t be used before 2011 .
Paul Krugman , the loudest cheerleader for trillion - dollar government spending , says that ’s okay because we ’re in for a long recession .
We certainly are if we ’re counting on his kind of thinking to get us out of it .
We should n’t be surprised that government ca n’t get the timing right .
It ’s a political not an economic institution .
That ’s allegedly its advantage , but we know deep down it ’s a handicap .
Political incentives are not in sync with the public interest .
Magical Infrastructure
“ Infrastructure ” has again become a magical word .
Who can object to spending on it ?
Do you want bridges to fall down ?
You want to bend your rims in potholes ?
It says something about government management of roads and bridges that politicians do n’t talk about them until the economy slows down and they want more money to spend .
Private businesses do n’t do that .
Competition forces them to maintain their properties for the comfort of their customers .
Governments have no competition .
Politicians want us to believe they select infrastructure projects on the basis of objective need , even scientifically .
But we should n’t be so naive .
The Public Choice economists are right when they suggest we ignore the civics textbooks and look at how politicians actually behave .
The New York Times shed some light last fall .
In an article on infrastructure spending , reporter David Leonhardt wrote ,
A lack of adequate financing is part of the problem , without doubt .
But the bigger problem has been an utter lack of seriousness in deciding how that money gets spent …..
It ’s hard to exaggerate how scattershot the current system is .
Government agencies usually do n’t even have to do a rigorous analysis of a project or how it would affect traffic and the environment , relative to its cost and to the alternatives — before deciding whether to proceed .
In one recent survey of local officials , almost 80 percent said they had based their decisions largely on politics , while fewer than 20 percent cited a project ’s potential benefits .
Government decisions are based largely on politics ?
Shocking !
( We might ask whether the 20 percent were merely less honest than the 80 percent . )
Think how magnified this problem will be when federal , state , and local politicians are under intense pressure to spend hundreds of billions of dollars as quickly as possible .
The little care they may take now will be dispensed with completely .
Indeed , judiciousness will be tarred as obstruction .
I can imagine the news stories a few years from now describing the pointless projects , the shoddy work , the corruption , and the horrendous waste of resources .
We ’ve seen it many times before .
As Leonhardt noted :
There are monuments to the resulting waste all over the country : the little - traveled Bud Shuster Highway in western Pennsylvania ; new highways in suburban St. Louis and suburban Maryland that wo n’t alleviate traffic ; all the fancy government - subsidized sports stadiums that have replaced perfectly good existing stadiums .
These are the Bridges to ( Almost ) Nowhere that actually got built .
They help explain why our infrastructure is in such poor shape even though spending on it , surprisingly enough , has risen at a good clip in recent decades .
That ’s something you do n’t read every day .
The government is n’t starved for tax money .
It ’s just lousy at spending it intelligently .
“ Spending is up 50 percent over the last 10 years , after adjusting for inflation .
As a share of the economy , it will be higher this year than in any year since 1981 , ” Leonhardt writes .
So the suggestion that government spending as it happens in the real world will restore the economy is a bad joke .
You ’ve got to wonder about how people win Nobel Prizes while thinking such ludicrous thoughts .
We ’re likely to see some attempt to convince the taxpayers that the money will be well spent .
Watch for lots of references to cost - benefit analyses .
But keep in mind that deft bureaucrats and staff economists can reach any conclusion they want .
You just have to have the “ right ” assumptions .
Garbage in , garbage out .
This was confirmed in a refreshingly candid moment reported by the wire services : “ Even the president - elect ’s own economists acknowledge their two - year [ job - creation ] estimates could be wrong .
The analysis , posted online , says estimates are ‘ subject to significant margins of error ’ — because of the assumptions that went into the economic models and because it is not known what might pass Congress . ”
Politicized TARP
If you ’re still not convinced , realize that the decisions about which banks get money under TARP is heavily politicized .
The Wall Street Journal reports that “ Bankers , regulators and politicians complain of a secretive and opaque process for deciding which banks get cash and which do n’t .
The goal of aiding only banks healthy enough to lend — laid out by the Treasury when the program began — clearly seems to have shifted , but in a way that ’s hard to pin down and that the Treasury has declined to explain .
Part of the problem is that some powerful politicians have used their leverage to try to direct federal millions toward banks in their home states ” ( Emphasis added . )
Government will be government .
As Russell Roberts says , expecting a stimulus bill not to have pork is like expecting a ham sandwich not to have pork .
But even if we make the heroic assumption that good projects can be identified , that wo n’t mean the spending will fix the economy .
As Michael Boskin writes ,
While we have legitimate infrastructure needs , public - works spending historically has been too slow , has delayed private and local government spending , and created few jobs for the unemployed .
The programs are not labor - intensive and require skills few unemployed have .
Public works did not end the Great Depression .
Even FDR ’s treasury secretary , Henry Morgenthau , said in 1939 , “ We have tried spending money . . . and it does not work . . . we have just as much unemployment . . . and an enormous debt to boot . ”
Nor did a decade of infrastructure spending help the Japanese escape three recessions and a decade of stagnation .
It did , however , saddle Japan with a national debt burden four times ours .
To this point we ’ve been assuming that government spending could work in theory , just not in practice .
But it ca n’t work in theory either .
Even omniscient , omnibenevolent beings could n’t pull it off .
Political interference with economic activity is the problem ; it ca n’t be the solution .
Whatever the government does , it is n’t a stimulus in the way that jump - starting a car is a stimulus .
Government borrowing merely moves around money that is already inside the economy .
Inflation injects demand into an economy , but increased demand without additional goods is just another way to move existing wealth around .
( See my elaboration , “ Inflation as Income Distribution , ” here . )
Government policies distorted asset prices and induced people to behave differently from how they would have behaved under an honest price system .
For example , banks lent mortgage money to people who should n’t have been borrowing it .
This set off a political shift in the structure of production .
( More business for builders and mortgage lenders . )
Instead of worrying about aggregate demand , the policymakers ought to get out of the way and let the market re-price assets according to economic reality .
Financial institutions could then be evaluated accurately and treated accordingly .
We need a market rearrangement of scarce resources to align them with consumer preferences .
That will require savings — not artificially stimulated consumption spending — and market - guided investment .
Government borrowing and inflation is exactly what we do n’t need .
No politician , however charismatic , is capable of creating wealth by creating money .
Is there a role for the politicians ?
By all means .
They must radically reduce the burden of government at all levels and in all ways .
This includes spending , taxing , borrowing , regulating , subsidizing , and inflating .
An economy cannot serve consumers if politicians , pretending to know what they are doing , insist on interfering .
The Compact Muon Solenoid ( CMS ) , one of the detectors on the Large Hadron Collider , weighs more than 12,000 tons .
The world 's largest , most powerful particle smasher probably wo n't generate any planet - gobbling black holes , according to a new analysis .
That 's contrary to suggestions in a news article Wednesday that invoked a possible doomsday scenario and said black holes created by the collider could stick around longer than predicted .
The Large Hadron Collider ( LHC ) , a 17 - mile ( 27 - kilometer ) circular tunnel running 300 feet ( 91 meters ) underground at the European Center for Nuclear Research ( CERN ) near Geneva , is expected to recreate the conditions that occurred a fraction of a second after the Big Bang , the theoretical instant in which the universe was born from an incredibly small point .
By smashing protons together at nearly the speed of light , the LHC could help to solve mysteries about the origin of mass and the reasons for more matter than antimatter in the universe .
( The LHC was shut down last year after a helium leak was discovered within days of its initial powering up .
The machine is scheduled to re-start again some time this year , according to CERN . )
Scientists have speculated the proton - to - proton collisions could possibly generate microscopic black holes .
These black holes would be orders of magnitude smaller and less massive than the gravity wells produced by the collapse of stars and known to exist in the universe , said Howard Gordon of Brookhaven National Laboratory in New York , who also works at the LHC .
Even still , fears arose in the past few years that the LHC could churn out a black hole that would gobble up everything in sight , including our planet .
Why the fears ?
" I think it 's the confusion between the massive black holes in the universe and these microscopic black holes that possibly could get created , " Gordon told LiveScience .
" It 's a difference in scale . "
Black - hole model
The new analysis , detailed online at ArXiv.org , a repository for new research papers , suggests again that the LHC probably can't generate a catastrophic black hole .
Gordon said the analysis is based on a theoretical model and that further research is needed to confirm the results .
Roberto Casadio of the University of Bologna in Italy and his University of Alabama colleagues Benjamin Harms and Sergio Fabi based their theoretical model on the so - called Randall - Sundrum brane - world scenario , in which the four - dimensional universe is embedded within a five - dimensional space .
" All we 're doing is taking a model of our space - time , where we live , and exploring the consequences , " Harms said during a telephone interview .
" And our exploration shows that black holes could not grow large enough to become catastrophic in the sense that they could do damage to the Earth or anything in the Earth . "
He added , " What we found was that if black holes are created at the LHC , they would not be able to grow to catastrophic size because the accretion rate is simply not great enough to offset the evaporation rate . "
In fact , the model showed that once a black hole is created by the LHC ( if that were to happen ) , the only way to get the black hole to grow would be " to extend the size of one of the parameters in our model beyond a physically accepted value , " so beyond what is physically possible .
And then , such a black hole would evaporate , and essentially vanish , within one - trillionth to one - millionth of a second , the model showed .
While the black holes might not truly vanish , their masses would become so small they would have no effect on Earth .
One small caveat is that the results only apply to Earth because they depend partly on the density of material through which the black holes are traveling .
Creating black holes
" Large Hadron Collider had a tremendous amount of publicity last year because of the black hole speculations , " Gordon said , adding , " We do n't know for sure we 're even going to see black holes in the Large Hadron Collider . "
Here 's the logic behind the LHC generating microscopic black holes :
Various models of the universe suggest extra dimensions ( other than those of space and time ) exist and are folded up into sizes ranging from that of a proton to as big as a fraction of a millimeter .
The models go on to suggest that at distances comparable to such sizes , gravity becomes far stronger .
If this is true , the collider could smash enough energy together to generate gravitational collapses that produce black holes .
Researchers have calculated that under such scenarios , the accelerator could create a microscopic black hole anywhere from every second to every day .
Harmless black holes
Physicists have repeatedly said that fears about these artificial black holes are " groundless . "
For instance , microscopic black holes would probably lose more mass than they absorb and so would evaporate immediately .
Say a black hole was created and that black hole was stable .
" Then their interactions would be very weak .
They would pass harmlessly into space .
They would vanish , " Gordon said , referring to stable black holes with no electrical charge .
In addition , as CERN scientists have pointed out , Earth is bathed with cosmic rays powerful enough to create black holes , and the planet has n't been destroyed yet .
At the end of the day , Gordon said , the LHC is safe and so are we .
" We 're expecting the discoveries at the Large Hadron Collider to be significant and exciting , but we are pretty sure that the collider is safe and will not be causing any trouble to people living on Earth , " Gordon said .
Analysis Jacqui Smith will soon begin one of the Home Office 's famed consultation exercises on new systems demanded by spy chiefs to snoop on internet communications in the UK .
But already , the mangle of powers and regulations around data retention threatens public understanding of what is being suggested .
A somewhat confused report from the BBC today attempts to trace the links between the Interception Modernisation Programme ( IMP ) and the imminently - in - force EU Data Retention Directive ( EUDRD ) .
It fails :
The new rules are due to come into force on 15 March , as part of a European Commission directive which could affect every ISP in the country .
The firms will have to store the information under the government 's Interception Modernisation Programme ( IMP ) and make it available to any public body which makes a lawful request .
That could include police , local councils and health authorities .
To help set up the system the government may end up paying ISPs between £ 25 m and £ 70 m .
This is false .
In fact , the EUDRD has nothing to do with IMP ; certainly legislatively , and very likely technically .
The EUDRD mandates communications data retention by ISPs in house , across the EU .
IMP could propose retention by the UK government in a centralised database ( more details here ) .
Both were originally to be implemented by the Communications Data Bill as related but separate legal acknowledgements of law enforcement and intelligence agencies ' increased reliance on communications data ( according to Jacqui Smith , it 's been used " as important evidence in 95 per cent of serious crime cases " since 2004 ) .
That marriage of convenience was cancelled , however , when it became clear its passage through parliament would cause the UK to fail to meet its legal obligation to transpose the EUDRD by March 15 .
Instead the directive is being made UK law by statutory instrument ( secondary legislation without a parliamentary hearing ) , as we reported in August last year .
In the meantime , Whitehall infighting over the much more ambitious IMP intensified , prompting Jacqui Smith to drop the Communications Data Bill from the Queen 's Speech in favour of a public consultation , putatively scheduled to begin around the end of this month .
Where the two can be conflated is in how ISPs are trying to understand what they need to do while civil servants and politicians make up their minds over IMP .
For the big ISPs who control more than 95 per cent of the domestic internet access market , the EUDRD will change nothing ; they already retain the data for billing and marketing , and frequently serve law enforcement and intelligence requests for access .
They are able to simply wait for the IMP consultation to come to its conclusions .
For smaller outfits parsing UK.gov is more tricky .
In Home Office briefings to industry , questions about whether IMP means boutique ISPs can skip the costs of EUDRD compliance have been met with various shrugging , hand waving and circular arguing from officials .
They 've given tacit assurances that bit part players in the market need n't concern themselves with the EUDRD , because - nudge , nudge - IMP will take care of law enforcement 's access needs soon enough .
Understandably , compliance reps for these have been left unsatified .
We covered their predicament in October .
( Of course , unlike fundamental civil liberties concerns over the power IMP 's central database would concentrate , ISP worries over foggy government thinking on EUDRD are mostly about cash and legal exposure . )
Highlighting such official incompetence is important , but as far as the interests of average UK internet user is concerned , implementation of the EUDRD has been scheduled for years , and battles over its limited privacy implications fought and seemingly lost .
Officials ' apparent inability to elucidate their own rules on data retention is relevant , but confusing the EUDRD with the much more intrusive IMP is unhelpful weeks before the first formal public skirmishes begin . ®
Bootnote
Over the festive period The Guardian 's front page led with " news " that a centralised communications data silo could be run in part by private contractors .
But you knew that , and who the favourites are .
With hangovers it is just a waiting game , research suggests
It may feel like the aspirin , fry - up or even " hair of the dog " is helping to alleviate that hangover caused by over - indulging the night before .
But in fact there is no such thing as a " cure " for a hangover , say researchers from Indiana University in the US .
It is one of six Christmas - related myths which been debunked in the British Medical Journal .
The team trawled through the medical literature and internet for evidence on a range of commonly held beliefs .
HAVE YOUR SAY
We all know our own bodies and take sensible advice accordingly Colin , Plymouth , UK " Both physicians and non-physicians sometimes believe things about our bodies that just are not true , " wrote Dr Rachel Vreeman and Dr Aaron Carroll .
" Examining common medical myths reminds us to be aware of when evidence supports our advice . "
So what did they find ?
HANGOVER CURES
An internet search flagged up endless methods claiming to cure a hangover from aspirin to bananas to Vegemite and water .
But there is no scientific evidence of an effective cure or method of preventing hangovers , the researchers said , despite many trials being carried out on both traditional and complementary medicines .
Keeping teetotal or drinking in moderation is the only way to avoid a hangover , they concluded .
EATING LATE AND GAINING WEIGHT
Putting on pounds in the festive period almost seems inevitable but to avoid unwanted weight gain it has been suggested that people avoid eating late at night .
The idea is that you cannot burn off the calories if you are asleep .
But this is not supported by the evidence .
A Swedish study found that obese women were more likely to eat at night , but they also ate more in general .
In another study of more than 2,500 patients , eating at night was not associated with weight gain but eating more than three meals a day was .
Ultimately , taking in more calories makes you gain weight whenever you eat them , the researchers said .
SUGAR AND HYPERACTIVITY
With Christmas comes selection boxes and a host of sweet treats but parents need not fear their children climbing the walls .
It is commonly thought children become hyperactive after eating sugar Regardless of what parents might think , sugar does not cause hyperactive behaviour .
At least 12 randomised controlled trials looking at levels of sugar and behaviour - even in children with attention deficit hyperactivity disorder - were unable to detect any difference .
Scientists also found that when parents think their child has had a sugary drink they rate their behaviour as more hyperactive - so it is all in the mind .
HATS AND THE COLD
We 've all been told to put a hat on in winter because most heat is lost through the head .
The researchers even found that the US Army Field manual for survival recommends covering your head in cold weather because around 40 - 45 % of body heat is lost through the head .
A recent study , however , showed there is nothing special about heat loss from the head - any uncovered part of the body would lose heat .
Scrutiny of the literature shows this myth probably originated with an old military study in which scientists put individuals in arctic survival suits ( but with no hat ) and measured their body temperature in extreme conditions .
If the experiment had been done with the participants wearing only swimsuits they would not have lost more than 10 % of their body heat through their heads , the researchers said .
POINSETTIA TOXICITY Poinsettias are a common Christmas decorative feature but many believe they are poisonous .
In reality they are fairly harmless .
Of 22,793 cases of poinsettia exposure reported to poison control in the US , there were no deaths and 96 % did not require medical treatment and none resulted in considerable poisoning .
A study in rats could not find a toxic level of the plant sap .
SUICIDES AT CHRISTMAS
" The combined stresses of family dysfunction , exacerbations in loneliness , and more depression over the cold dark winter months are commonly thought to increase the number of suicides , " said Dr Vreeman .
But , although the holidays may be difficult for some , there is no good evidence to suggest a peak in suicides .
Also people are not more likely to commit suicide in the dark winter months - around the world suicides peak in warmer months , the researchers said .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
One of the great things about investment banking is that even while a bank like Merrill Lynch goes down the tubes and gets taken over , its economics team steadily churns out research about the process as if it were happening to somebody else .
It 's a bit like when the BBC had to report on its own self - destruction after the Hutton Report .
It can be done , and a paper from Merrill 's economics team today makes fascinating reading .
It 's a summary of a much bigger IMF document on banking crisis , which surveys 124 historic banking crises .
It 's so good I am simply going to quote from it so that , if anybody in the White House cabinet room happens to be reading this , they too can quote bits of it as they get on bended knee to each other to plead for signatures on the TARP Act ....
" An inconvenient truth : Net fiscal costs from banking crises are substantial , averaging 13.3 % of GDP .
The government is highly unlikely to make a profit on any program ; the average recovery rate is just 18 % of gross fiscal costs .
Real GDP losses average 20 % relative to trend during the first four years of the crisis .
There is a negative correlation between output losses and fiscal costs : the higher the fiscal costs , the smaller the loss of output . "
Translation : Dear Mr Obama , forget your plans for healthcare .
Dear Mr McCain , who is gonna pay for more surges ?
Dear Mr & Mrs Joe Public of America - expect 4 years where you feel 80 % as wealthy as you do now ...
In the late 1980s thousands of chickens died from a cancer caused by a virus known as avian leukosis virus J because they were all descended from a few roosters susceptible to the disease .
This is just one example of how a lack of genetic diversity can imperil livestock and agriculture .
Similar instances abound from the Irish potato famine of the 19th century to cattle raised for meat — one bull named Ivanhoe passed on his genetic susceptibility to an immune system disorder to roughly 15 percent of all the Holstein bulls in the U.S. today .
Now a new study , published in Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences USA , shows that the world 's 40 billion commercial chickens — those raised for their meat and eggs — have half the genetic diversity possible in the chicken genome , rendering them susceptible to other crippling disease outbreaks .
Avian disease specialist Hans Cheng of the U.S. Department of Agriculture and his colleagues compared the variety of genes in more than 2,500 chickens , 1,440 of whom were from commercial farms in the U.S.
Some of these industrial chickens had lost as much as 90 percent of the genes carried by their peers , such as the red jungle fowl of Asia , which gave rise to all chickens , as well as noncommercial breeds of chickens like the Chinese silkie .
On average , commercial chickens lacked at least 50 percent of the genes present in the chicken genome .
" This lack of diversity in commercial stocks is most likely due to the use of a limited number of chicken breeds to form the commercial stocks , " Cheng says .
This " commercial stock may lack the genetic diversity necessary to combat new and emerging diseases . "
All white egg - laying chickens in the U.S. are derived from the white Leghorn breed , whereas all chickens grown for meat , known as broilers , derive from the British Cornish , or Indian , game breed .
Winnowing the genetic code has allowed farmers to meet the current global demand of 61 metric tons of meat and more than 55 million metric tons of eggs — an increase in production of 436 percent since 1970 .
But it has also allowed for the potential of a so - called " disease shock " .
" Disease shocks have certainly been seen in the plant world and have had major impact , both human and economic : the famous Irish potato famine of the 19th century and more recently Dutch elm disease [ a fungal infection ] , " says agricultural economist Carlos Seré , director general of the International Livestock Research Institute ( ILRI ) .
" Disease shocks in chicken populations could potentially occur , for example , with very transmissible and pathogenic avian flu viruses . "
Without rare genes that , in essence , inoculate chickens against such bird flu , a virulent outbreak could shut down chicken farming .
But it is hard to know which genes are missing , Cheng notes , because researchers have identified so few of the genes and their corresponding traits in the chicken genome .
" The poultry industry is clearly doing well for the selection of important agronomic traits , " such as large breast muscles ( more meat ) and enhanced egg - laying , he says .
" Until there is a necessity to add genetic diversity , they will continue to select within their existing populations . "
He warns , however , that it may be too late by the time that necessity becomes apparent .
To avert any mass deaths , he recommends that farmers breed commercial chickens with other types of chickens to preserve a reservoir of potentially useful genes .
Of course , that may involve trade - offs in traits such as egg - laying that are now the goal .
Some researchers , including those at ILRI , have called for creating a " gene bank " for livestock similar to seed banks used for important crops that would contain a frozen record of livestock genetic diversity .
" It would be interesting to do this for other livestock in which large - scale commercial breeding is important , such as dairy and pigs , " Seré notes , to see how these domesticated animals have fared .
Such gene banks would require new technologies , however , since no one has successfully stored either rooster semen or the yolky egg over the long term .
In the meantime , Cheng says research should continue to try to pinpoint genes that confer resistance to bird flu in other breeds of fowl to spare both humans and chickens .
" If we could identify genetic resistance , " Cheng says , " then this would greatly impact both the poultry industry and human health . "
Congress shocked by $ 1,200,000,000,000 deficit Congress gets ' sticker shock ' at $ 1,200,000,000,000 deficit
Estimate may cool the ardor for some Obama plans
WASHINGTON —
The nation 's budget deficit will soar to an unprecedented $ 1.2 trillion this year , congressional budget analysts said Wednesday , a startling tide of red ink that could dampen enthusiasm on Capitol Hill for some of President - elect Barack Obama 's most ambitious priorities .
In the first official estimate of the damage done to the nation 's finances by a weakening economy and various financial sector bailouts , the Congressional Budget Office reported that the gap between government spending and revenue will exceed 8 percent of the overall economy by the end of September , a yawning chasm not seen since the end of World War II .
' Jaw - dropping '
The news drew a grim reaction from Congress , where the chairman of the Senate Budget Committee , Sen. Kent Conrad , D - N.D. , called the figure " jaw - dropping . "
While lawmakers said they expect to dig this year 's hole even deeper by approving a massive stimulus package aimed at pulling the nation out of recession , Conrad and his House counterpart , Rep. John M. Spratt Jr. , D - S.C. , said they have warned Obama to limit the package to temporary measures that will not add to the deficit in future years .
The two Democratic budget leaders also cautioned Obama to find ways to pay for any other initiatives he pursues after taking office later this month , including expensive promises to expand access to health care for the uninsured , develop new sources of alternative energy and offer a bevy of new tax cuts to middle - class families .
" We should be very skeptical about any policy changes that add to the deficit and the debt that are permanent in nature , " Conrad said told reporters .
Obama once again declined to say how he plans to eliminate the growing budget gap , which is projected to narrow somewhat as the economy improves but explode again as the retiring baby boom generation sends the cost of the entitlement programs — Social Security , Medicaid and Medicare — skyrocketing .
Obama said he will offer " very specific outlines " for addressing short - and long - term deficits when he submits his first budget proposal to Congress next month .
" We expect that discussion around entitlements will be a part , a central part , of those plans , " Obama said .
So far , however , Conrad said Obama 's team has been cool to requests to establish a bipartisan task force that would re-examine the entitlement programs , as well as the nation 's tax system .
Meanwhile , Spratt said Obama 's team is pressing for a new tax cut for working families in the stimulus package that would be made permanent in Obama 's first budget .
Spratt said he got " sticker shock " when he opened Wednesday 's CBO report .
9 % jobless rate predicted
The picture it paints is bleak :
The CBO predicts that the recession that began in December 2007 will extend well into this year , driving unemployment to more than 9 percent by early 2010 .
( That rate is currently 6.7 percent . )
Plummeting home prices , which touched off the panic in financial markets last year , are likely to fall another 14 percent by 2010 and foreclosure rates are likely to remain high .
As a result , federal tax collections are expected to drop by $ 166 billion this year .
Government spending , meanwhile , is expected to skyrocket to nearly 25 percent of the economy .
Two of the biggest expenses will be the estimated $ 240 billion to incorporate mortgage - finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac into the federal budget and the rescue of troubled financial institutions , expected to cost $ 700 billion .
The CBO estimates that most of the money will be recovered when those assets of the latter are sold and so is charging only $ 180 billion against the deficit .
Former UFC heavyweight contender and professed anarchist Jeff Monson is now a wanted man in Washington state , but he does n’t regret the spray - painted message he left on the state Capitol building denouncing the war in Iraq .
The Olympia native has been charged with first - degree malicious mischief , a felony carrying a maximum penalty of 10 years in prison and a $ 20,000 fine , according to The Olympian , which reported the story first on Wednesday .
A warrant for Monson ’s arrest was issued on Wednesday after the state spent $ 19,000 to remove the graffiti , said The Olympian .
Monson , 37 , told Sherdog.com on Thursday that he ’d spray - painted the peace sign , the anarchy symbol , and the phrases “ No war ” and “ No poverty ” on multiple columns of the building on Nov. 26 .
Monson , who is currently out of state on personal business , said he will convene with his lawyer on Thursday to coordinate turning himself into authorities .
Monson expects to be released on his own recognizance .
He said he plans to fight the charge and will not serve any jail time .
Monson said he ’d planned the protest with “ anarchist friends ” on Nov. 26 , but proceeded alone when they did n’t arrive .
An ESPN photographer and writer , who were profiling the outspoken political proponent , documented the act , which appeared in a snapshot accompanying the article in the Dec. 29 issue of ESPN The Magazine .
At the time , Monson admits he was n’t thinking of what repercussions his actions might cause .
“ After [ the picture ] was taken I did , ” said Monson .
“ We did n’t plan on taking it during the photo shoot or anything like that .
That [ ESPN ] guy was with me for two straight days , and it just kind of happened .
” Monson -- who said he ’s attended protests , been tear gassed , detained and arrested for his beliefs in the past -- was initially disappointed by the lack of media coverage his act had drawn .
“ It sounded like a bunch of kids vandalized it , ” he said of the abbreviated stories written about the incident .
Monson believes the issues should resonate with adults though .
“ I feel totally justified in what I did , ” Monson told Sherdog.com .
“ I just wanted people to know that there ’s an illegal war going on right now and we ’re four years and running .
People are dying .
There ’s 800,000 Iraqis dead and we do n’t seem to realize it .
” Monson contends that the money used to fund the war could be better used stateside to tackle poverty .
“ When we talk about the economic problems we have in this country right now and we ’re spending over a billion dollars a week on this war ?
Wow .
There you go , ” he said .
A world grappling champion many times over and a member of the formidable American Top Team , Monson ( 27 - 8 ) bested former UFC champion Ricco Rodriguez by unanimous decision on Dec. 13 at a Mixed Fighting Alliance event in Miami .
He had vied unsuccessfully for the heavyweight title against Tim Sylvia at UFC 65 in November 2006 .
Monson -- who dons anarchy - inspired tattoos on his chest , back and leg -- is n’t worried that the added attention will hinder his fighting career , which could include a bout in World Victory Road ’s next “ Sengoku ” installment this March in Japan .
“ I think it will help , ” said Monson .
“ It might hurt sponsorship , but when you have a show , you have someone that is well known .
I think you have to do something really bad , like molest a kid or something really , really terrible for them not to want you .
I believe in what I did .
I would do it again . ”
An Alleged Drug Dealer Takes A Police Officer To Court For Robbing His Money
In a bizarre twist of law enforcement , crime , greed , desperation and hip hop , a police officer in Memphis , TN desperate to become a rap music producer is lured into the other side of the law at an attempt to fund his dream .
This reminds you of a scene in the movie Hustle & Flow where a couple of Prison Guards were desperate to rap to the lead actor Terrance Howard who played the role of ‘ D Jay ’ in the movie .
One of those jailers in that movie Hustle & Flow was played by aspiring actor Michael Hooks Jr , 32 , a former Memphis school board member , who pled guilty to one count of embezzlement stemming from a scheme to defraud the Shelby County Juvenile Court Clerk ’s office in 2001 as a part of the Tennessee Waltz scandal .
Reverting back to the story of the alleged drug dealer being robbed in the Frayser neighborhood of Memphis , TN on April 10 , 2004 , Officer Authur Sease IV pulled over the alleged drug dealer and somewhat victim Reginald Brown of Nebraska along with Nicholas Biles .
Reginald Brown , a Nebraska man , and his companion were traveling on James Road in Frayser on their way to reportedly buy cocaine in a 1999 Chevrolet van .
According to a court document obtained by MemphisRap.com , Sease approached Brown ’s vehicle and asked to see his license and registration which Brown was n’t able to retrieve .
Due to this , Sease requested that Brown step out of the van and began to search him , finding and confiscating $ 400 in cash .
After searching Brown , Sease placed him into the back of his squad car and then began to search Niles removing from his pockets and confiscating $ 800 in cash .
After being searched , Niles was then placed into the back of the squad car along with Brown .
As the two sat in the squad car Sease proceeded to search their van , confiscating Brown ’s lockbox containing $ 31,400 .
Officer
Sease then ordered that the two men leave , by threatening them and placing his hand on his weapon .
After the incident took place , the men went directly to the Memphis Police Department to report it which resulted in Officer Authur Sease IV being later arrested and charged with robbery and official oppression in connection with the incident .
In April of 2005 , the alleged victims suit made its way in the Court of General Sessions of Shelby County , Tennessee .
In June of 2005 the Defendants ( City of Memphis and Authur Sease IV ) moved the case under Fed. R. Civ. P.12 ( b ) ( 6 ) inorder to dismiss the case for failure to state a cognizable legal claim
upon which relief can be granted .
The Plaintiffs ( Reginald Brown and Nicholas Biles ) alleged that Sease stopped their car without probable cause , searched their car and them without a warrant or probable cause , illegally detained them in the back of a squad car , and robbed them of a considerable amount of cash .
Reginald Brown and Nicholas Biles also alleged that the offenses , conducted by a police officer acting as a police officer , violated their Fourth Amendment right to be secure in their persons against unreasonable searches and seizures and their Due Process rights under the Fourteenth Amendment .
Due to Sease acting under the color of the laws of the State of Tennessee in the incident , the case was not dismissed as they had hoped .
The Defendants hoped to dismiss the Plaintiffs ’ supplemental state law claims .
This is not the first time Officer Sease , 31 , has been accused of allegedly robbing an alleged drug dealer .
The Officer is on trial for this and 15 other alleged incidents ranging from 2003 and 2006 in which other alleged drug dealers also say they were robbed of money , drugs and property according to the Commercial Appeal .
The trial for the case with Reginald Brown which was previously motioned for dismissal by the Defendents continued on yesterday , January 27 , 2009 , so more details may be available soon .
- video encodings still in process -
Exactly what you think it is ...
Peyote causes no long term damage
There seem to be no mental or behavioral problems associated with long - term use of the hallucinogenic substance peyote ( mescaline ) , at least among Native Americans .
That 's the conclusion of researchers at the McLean Hospital here and Harvard Medical School , who found that among the Navajo who take peyote legally as part of their religion , long - term drug users did just as well as non-users on standard neuropsychological tests .
On some measures , they did even better .
The study , led by John H. Halpern , M.D. , of the McLean Hospital , was partly funded by the National Institute for Drug Abuse .
It was published in the November issue of Biological Psychiatry .
Thanks for the tip Josh !
Thanks for the tip Josh ! » more at : www.medpagetoday.com
Posted By jamesk at 2008 - 12-21 20:24:56 permalink | comments »
More ways to bookmark this page
Comments ( 6 )
Wikipedia deletes Benjamin Emanuel entry KABOfest November 13 , 2008
Wikipedia has deleted Rahm Emanuel 's father 's page .
Benjamin M. Emanuel 's entry was recommended for deletion shortly after Obama named the younger Emanuel as his Chief of Staff , and it looks like it had already been deleted ( or recommended for deletion ) once before in January of 2007 .
" Benjamin M. Emanuel " is no longer searchable in Wikipedia , but the former - page can be accessed through the original URL : http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Benjamin_M._Emanuel
The old entry is no longer even in Google cache .
The Progressive Mind was forward - thinking enough to save the original entry , including the original links .
Here 's what is used say :
http://www.theprogressivemind.info/2008/11/benjamin-m-emanuel-wikipedia-free.html
And here 's a screenshot ( from Blog - Reporter ) :
:: Article nr. 48750 sent on 14 - nov-2008 10:45 ECT
www.uruknet.info?p=48750
Link : www.kabobfest.com/2008/11/wikipedia-deletes-benjamin-emanuel.html
::
The views expressed in this article are the sole responsibility of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of this website .
The section for the comments of our readers has been closed , because of many out - of - topics .
Now you can post your own comments into our Facebook page : www.facebook.com/uruknet
Warning : include (./ share/share2.php ) : failed to open stream :
No such file or directory in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
Warning : include ( ) : Failed opening './share/share2.php ' for inclusion ( include_path='.:/usr/local/php5_6/lib/php') in /home / content/25/8427425/html/vhosts/uruknet/colonna-centrale-pagina-ansi.php on line 385
[ Printable version ] | [
Send it to a friend ]
[ Contatto / Contact ] | [ Home Page ] | [ Tutte le notizie / All news ]
she cheated on you
im bout 80 % sure the other 20 may be you might have been wrong but i think you know how long its been since you have had pusssy .. so she cheated !!!
you will know once you get the DNA please do .. do n't be a fool
‘s production companyhas picked up screen rights to thenovel “ . ”
The novel will be developed as a potential starring vehicle for Depp .
The book revolves around Dante ’s masterwork The Divine Comedy , and tells parallel storylines involving Dante in 14th - century Italy as he tries to complete the work , and a contemporary storyline involving Tosches , who is asked to authenticate what might be Dante ’s original manuscript .
Depp would play Tosches .
Depp is currently working on ‘s “ “ , “ “ , “ ” and voicing the title character in the - directed animated film “ . ”
According to Variety , Depp is planning on shooting the long awaited “ ” in March Infinitum Nihil also is working on a film transfer of “ ” that will have Johnny Depp playing Barnabas Collins .
Of all the honors a man can be granted -- statues , tributes , whores -- there 's nothing like having your last name turned into a word to ensure your immortality .
Your name will ring down through the ages , etched into the language itself , an eternal reminder of your achievements .
Unless , of course , you earned the word because you fucked up so badly that the world just had to remember your horrible example .
That 's the case for guys like ...
Advertisement
8 John Duns Scotus Continue Reading Below Advertisement The Word : Dunce Means : Dumbass
The Man : John Duns Scotus was the closest thing fifteenth - century philosophy had to a rock star .
With the chick magnet handle " Doctor Subtilis , " he developed a subtle argument for the existence of God , the univocity of being and mounted a spirited defense for the Immaculate Conception as fact .
He was beatified by the Pope for his intellectual work and also for the invention of the Catholic schoolgirl .
Thanks ,
John !
How it Happened :
If the fifteenth century was Scotus 's arena rock tour , the sixteenth was the sad crash and pathetic reunion tour playing state fairs and dives .
Scotus 's work was considered so awful that his middle name became synonymous with somebody incapable of scholarship , i.e. a dunce .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Yes , you read that right , a philosopher responsible for big chunks of Catholic thought and beatified by the freakin '
Pope was also the inspiration for a word denoting a moron .
English .
It 's a cruel language , man .
7 Leopold Von Sacher - Masoch The Word : Masochism Means :
When somebody gets a boner from pain The Man :
We all know that " sadism " comes from the excruciating elevator music performed by pop band Sade , and the pleasure that comes from inflicting 80s music on the unsuspecting .
The flip side of that coin is Leopold Von Sacher - Masoch .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Mostly , Sacher - Masoch was known for his novels , which apparently are really awesome if you can read German , as most of his fiction remains untranslated into English .
But the important novel , which IS in English , would be " Venus In Furs . "
The fatal flaw of the English translation is leaving off the opening sentence : " Dear Penthouse , I never thought this would happen to me ... "
How it Happened : " Venus In Furs " is n't really a novel so much as a memoir .
Sacher - Masoch , you see , had a mistress , Fanny Pistor , whose name was made for jokes .
They entered into a contract where Leopold would be her slave for six months and his only stipulation was that she wear furs as much as possible , especially when she was in a " cruel mood . "
You can see where this one is going .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement Hence , the word " masochism " was coined by noted psychologist Dr. von Krafft - Ebing in " Psychopathia Sexualis , " along with the notation that " Venus In Furs " was also an awesome Velvet Underground song .
Sacher - Masoch strenuously objected , but he was thrown out of Krafft - Ebing 's office after someone punched him and he started breathing funny .
Alison Sweeney Gives Birth To Daughter , Megan Hope Sanov
and her husbandwelcomed their second child late Monday night .
Their 6 pound 7 ounce baby daughter was born at 11:48 p.m. on January 12 , 2009 .
They named her
Sweeney , host of The Biggest Loser , worked right up until she went into labor .
Her rep Carrie Simons said that the actress spent the day shooting for the show and was still in hair and makeup from the set for the delivery .
She went on to say , " Both mommy and baby -- and daddy too are doing well .
It was a very easy delivery and everyone is great . "
Alison , best known for playing the role of Sami on Days of our Lives , is married to a California Highway Patrolman .
Their other child is a son , three year old Ben .
Sweeney has chosen very conventional names for her children , by Hollywood standards .
Check out some of the weird monikers that others have chosen .
More photos below .
The Biggest Loser season six finale photos .
Photos : WENN
The bank 's shares have come under such pressure that it emerged last night that the bank 's management have begun lobbying the US Securities and Exchange Commission to reinstate the short - selling ban which was in place over the summer to stop traders shorting the shares of about several dozen financial institutions .
In addition , Citigroup is also looking for the return of the up - tick ban , which expired in July 2007 , which required investors to wait until a company 's shares rose before they could short it .
Thursday 's Israeli bombardment was the heaviest so far
The Red Cross has accused Israel of failing to fulfil its obligation to help wounded civilians in Gaza .
ICRC staff found four weak and scared children beside their mothers ' bodies in houses hit by shelling in Zeitoun .
The Israeli military has not yet responded to the accusation , but said it worked closely with aid groups so that civilians could get assistance .
Meanwhile the UN said it was suspending aid operations in Gaza because of the danger to staff from Israeli attacks .
" We have suspended our operations in Gaza until the Israeli authorities can guarantee our safety and security , " said Chris Gunness , spokesman for the United Nations relief agency Unrwa .
" Our installations have been hit , our workers have been killed in spite of the fact that the Israeli authorities have the co-ordinates of our facilities and that all our movements are co-ordinated with the Israeli army .
" It is with great regret that Unrwa has been forced to make this difficult decision . "
Earlier , Unrwa said one person had been killed and two injured when a fork - lift truck on a UN aid mission came under Israeli tank fire at Gaza 's Erez crossing .
The Israeli army has not commented on that claim but has said it is looking into the matter .
The aid agencies ' concerns come amid fears the conflict with Gaza militants may spread , with at least three rockets fired from Lebanon into northern Israel , prompting Israel to reply with artillery .
The incident followed Israel 's heaviest bombardment so far of Gaza in nearly two weeks of conflict , with 60 air strikes targeting Hamas facilities .
Palestinian medical officials said at least 10 Gaza residents had been killed on Thursday .
More than 700 Palestinian and 11 Israeli lives are said to have been lost since the offensive began 13 days ago .
For a second day , Israeli forces observed a three - hour pause in fighting to allow humanitarian aid into Gaza .
The first of what Israel said would be a daily ceasefire , on Wednesday , allowed aid agencies into the territory for the first time in days .
Efforts have continued to broker a full ceasefire - a senior Israeli official is in Cairo to hear details of a plan put forward by Egypt and France .
A Hamas delegation is expected in the Egyptian capital at some stage for parallel " technical " talks , Egyptian diplomats said .
' Access denied '
The International Committee of the Red Cross accused Israel of failing in its international obligations after its staff were met with " shocking " scenes .
Aid workers had been denied access to the site for days , it added .
" This is a shocking incident , " Pierre Wettach , ICRC head for Israel and the Palestinian territories said in a statement .
" The Israeli military must have been aware of the situation but did not assist the wounded .
Neither did they make it possible for us or the Palestinian Red Crescent to assist the wounded . "
Correspondents say the criticism is unusually strong , coming from an agency considered to be neutral .
The Israeli army told Reuters news agency that any serious allegations would be properly investigated once a formal complaint was received .
Meanwhile , Amnesty International accused both sides of using civilians as human shields .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
At least three Katyusha rockets were fired from southern Lebanon into the northern Israeli area of Nahariya early on Thursday .
One hit a nursing home , leaving at least two people slightly wounded and a number of others suffering from shock , Israeli officials said .
Israel immediately responded with five artillery shells into Lebanon , calling it a " pinpoint response at the source of fire " .
The rocket fire was condemned by Lebanon 's prime minister .
The rocket attacks from Lebanon have raised concerns about a wider war in the region , says the BBC's Middle East Editor Jeremy Bowen .
In Gaza , Israel continued its offensive overnight with 60 air strikes targeting police sites , 10 Hamas tunnels , weapons storage facilities , launching pads " and a number of armed gunmen " , the Israeli army said .
Casualty claims in Gaza have been difficult to verify independently .
While the BBC has had Palestinian producers reporting from Gaza , Israel only allowed Western TV crews to enter on Wednesday , embedded with its army .
As part of the $ 825 billion economic stimulus bill passed by the House last week , the Democratic Party leadership and the Obama administration included $ 3 billion for the controversial Byrne Justice Assistance Grant program , which funds multi-agency drug task forces across the country , and $ 1 billion for the Community Oriented Policing ( COPS ) program , which will pay for thousands of additional police officers to hit the streets .
Drug enforcement lobby groups are pleased , particularly about the Byrne funding , but others predict that any " stimulus " more Byrne grants might provide will be followed long - term drag on state budgets in ways going beyond the federal dollars .
Sen . Harkin and Iowa law enforcement officials at 2004 press conference
In one of the few drug policy - related decisions made by the Bush administration that reformers could cheer , the Bush administration tried throughout its second term to reduce or eliminate funding for the Byrne grants .
In so doing , it was heeding the concerns of conservative and taxpayer groups , who called the program " an ineffective and inefficient use of resources . "
But while the Bush administration tried to gut the program , Congress , still tied to the " tough on drugs " mentality , kept trying to restore funding , albeit at reduced levels .
The Byrne grant program , and especially its funding of the scandal - ridden multi-jurisdictional anti-drug task forces , also came in for harsh criticism from drug reform , civil rights and criminal justice groups .
For these critics , the program was in dire need of reform because of incidents like the Tulia , Texas , scandal , where a Byrne - funded task force police officer managed to get 10 % of the black population of the town locked up on bogus cocaine distribution charges .
Scandals like Tulia showed the Byrne grant program " did more harm than good , " the critics wrote in a 2006 letter demanding reform .
Of course , Tulia was n't the only Byrne - related scandal .
A 2002 report from the ACLU of Texas found 16 more scandals involving Byrne grant - funded task forces in Texas , including cases of witness tampering , falsifying of government records , fabricating evidence , false imprisonment , racial profiling , and sexual harassment .
Byrne - related scandals have also occurred in other states , including the misuse of millions of dollars of grant money in Kentucky and Massachusetts , false convictions because of police perjury in Missouri , and making deals with drug offenders to drop or lower charges in exchange for cash or vehicles in Alabama , Arkansas , Georgia , Massachusetts , New York , Ohio , and Wisconsin .
In accord with its own budget - cutting imperatives , and in response to critics on the right and left , the Bush administration again tried to zero out the Byrne grant program in FY 2008 .
While the program was indeed cut from $ 520 million in 2007 , Congress still funded it at $ 170 million for 2008 .
Now , it has folded the Byrne program and the Clinton - era COPS program into the emergency economic stimulus bill , leading to loud cheers from the law enforcement community .
" Safe communities are the foundation of a growing economy , and increased Byrne JAG funding will help state and local governments hire officers , add prosecutors and fund critical treatment and crime prevention programs , " said National Criminal Justice Association President David Steingraber , executive director of the Wisconsin Office of Justice Assistance .
" I applaud the stimulus bill proposed by the House Democrats and press Congress for its quick approval . "
" This is very encouraging , " said Bob Bushman , vice - president of the National Narcotics Officers Associations Coalition and a 35 - year veteran of drug law enforcement in Minnesota .
" We think it 's a very good sign that this was included in the House bill .
The House side was where we struggled in past years .
Maybe now the House has listened to us and is taking our concerns more seriously , " he said .
" We built a broad coalition of law enforcement and drug treatment and prevention people . "
Byrne money does n't just fund the task forces , Bushman pointed out , although he conceded that 's where much of the money has gone .
" Byrne money goes to all 50 states , and most of them used it for the multi-jurisdictional task forces .
Here in Minnesota , we split it between task forces and offender reentry programs and drug courts . "
While a answer to just how much Byrne money has gone to the task forces remains buried deep in the bowels of the Justice Department -- part of the problem is that the 50 states are awarded block grants and then decide at the state level how to allocate the funds , and some states are better than others at reporting back to Justice -- observers put a low - ball figure of at least 25 % going to fund them , and possibly much higher .
The task forces are needed , said Bowman .
" While we are never going to arrest our way out of this , I 've seen too much of the damage done by drug abuse , and we need all the help we can get , " he said .
" Not just for policing , but also for treatment and prevention and drug courts .
We need all three pillars , and the Byrne program helps with all three . "
If law enforcement was pleased , that was n't the case with civil rights , taxpayer , and drug reform groups .
They said they were disappointed in the restoration of funding under the auspices of the economic stimulus bill , and vowed to continue to try to either cut or reform the program .
" We 're working on a letter to Congress about the Byrne grants right now , " said Lawanda Johnson , communications director for the Justice Policy Institute , one of the organizations that had signed on to the 2006 DPA letter .
" The Byrne grant program is not an effective use of funds for preserving public safety or stimulating the economy .
The only way you will get an economic boost from this is if you own stock in Corrections Corporation of America , " she laughed , grimly .
" With so many smart people working on the budget and the stimulus package , you would think they would understand that the states are looking to reduce their prison populations and change those policies that have jailed so many people , " said Johnson .
" To then turn around and have the federal government invest $ 4 billion in more police and more grants seems paradoxical .
It 's just going to jack up the spending for states and localities , and they are already struggling . "
" We oppose the wasteful economic stimulus bill and we oppose the inclusion of the Byrne grants in it , " said Leslie Paige , spokesperson for Citizens Against Government Waste , one of the conservative taxpayer groups that has opposed the grants for the past several years .
" If there is going to be government spending , the least you can do is make sure the money is going to have a long term positive impact on the economy . "
" This is disappointing , but not surprising , " said Bill Piper , national affairs director for the Drug Policy Alliance .
" This reverses Bush 's cuts in the program and restores funding at even higher levels .
At the same time Congress and the Obama administration are expressing great concern about racial disparities and over - incarceration , they keep trying to fund this program , which will only stimulate more arrests of more nonviolent drug offenders , " Piper noted .
" The Democrats are framing this as helping in these tough economic times , but the people who will be arrested will end up in state prison , and the states will have to pay for that , " Piper pointed out .
" The states may well end up paying more in the long run .
It 's far from clear that this will stimulate the economy , but what is clear is that it will stimulate the breaking up of families and decreasing productivity and tax revenues , especially in communities already devastated by the impact of over - incarceration . "
Killing funding outright is unlikely , said Piper .
" I do n't think there 's any way we can stop this from being included because the support for it is strong and bipartisan , " he said .
" No one wants to go up against the police .
Our real hope is that later in the year we can put some restrictions on the program , which is what we 've been working on .
Instead of trying to cut it , we can try to use it to encourage state and local law enforcement to change how they operate .
They 're so addicted to federal funding that they may do just about anything , such as documenting arrests or having performance measures . "
Bushman and the rest of law enforcement are n't resting easy just yet .
" The funding has to survive hearings and make it into the final appropriation , " he noted .
" This is not a done deal yet . "
But it looks like Congress is well on the way to funding three more years of Byrne grants at $ 1 billion a year , the highest level of funding in years .
And do n't forget the 13,000 new police officers to be funded for the next three years by the COPS program .
If Congress and the cops have their way , we can look forward to more drug busts , more prosecutions , more people sentenced to prison , and a greater burden on already deficit - ridden state budgets .
Curiosity killed the cat .
- English Proverb
International Spade The Cat Week - Archie Bunker
Catacomb : A feline grooming tool - Daffynitions joe - ks.com
All cats appear grey in the dark .
- English Proverb
Useless laws weaken necessary laws .
- Charles de Secondat
When the cat dies , the mice rejoice .
- African saying
When the cat 's away , the mice will play .
- French Proverb
Computers are useless .
They can only give you answers .
- Pablo Picasso
The kind man feeds his cat before sitting down to dinner .
- Hebrew Proverb
Mouse :
An animal which strews its path with fainting women .
- Ambrose Bierce
Worry is today 's mice nibbling on tomorrow 's cheese .
- Unknown
Women 's clothes : never wear anything that panics the cat .
- P.J. O'Rourke
A countryman between two lawyers is like a fish between two cats .
- Benjamin Franklin
Hairball :
When a cat throws up to the basketball hoop , and misses - Daffynitions joe - ks.com
There 's no need for a piece of sculpture in a home that has a cat .
- Wesley Bates
There are two means of refuge from the miseries of life : music and cats .
- Albert Schweitzer
Freedom of the press is useless when people do not understand what they read .
- Gerald F Lieberman
If you hold a cat by the tail you learn things you cannot learn any other way .
- Mark Twain
When a man loves cats , I am his friend and comrade without further introduction .
- Mark Twain
In the beginning , God created man , but seeing him so feeble , He gave him the cat .
- Warren Eckstein
I was such an ugly kid .
When I played in the sandbox , the cat kept covering me up .
- Rodney Dangerfield
Lettin ' the cat outta the bag is a whole lot easier 'n puttin ' it back .
- Will Rogers
He is useless on top of the ground ; he ought to be under it , inspiring the cabbages .
- Mark Twain
If man could be crossed with the cat , it would improve man , but deteriorate the cat .
- Mark Twain
Before you build a better mousetrap , it helps to know if there are any mice out there .
- Mortimer B Zuckerman
The cat could very well be man 's best friend but would never stoop to admitting it .
- Doug Larson
I have studied many philosophers and many cats .
The wisdom of cats is infinitely superior .
- Hippolyte Taine
If a farmer fills his barn with grain , he gets mice ; if he leaves it empty , he gets actors .
- Bill Vaughan
The only thing that stops God from sending another flood is that the first one was useless .
- Nicolas Chamfort
I went to a garage sale .
" How much for the garage ? " " It 's not for sale . " - Steven Wright
Everything is for sale in Hollywood ; the fairy tale , the costume , the pumpkin , the footman and the mice .
- Amanda Eliasch
When witches go riding and black cats are seen ,
The moon laughs and whispers , 'tis near Halloween .
- Unknown
If you can spend a perfectly useless afternoon in a perfectly useless manner , you have learned how to live .
- Lin Yutang
Integrity without knowledge is weak and useless , and knowledge without integrity is dangerous and dreadful .
- Samuel Johnson
I will be deafer than the blue - eyed cat , And thrice as blind as any noonday owl , To holy virgins in their ecstasies .
- Alfred Tennyson
A tom cat hijacked a plane , stuck a pistol into the pilot 's ribs and demanded , " Take me to the Canaries . " - Bob Monkhouse
An actor is never so great as when he reminds you of an animal - falling like a cat , lying like a dog , moving like a fox .
- Francois Truffaut
Went to Disneyland because my daughter 's obsessed with Mickey Mouse .
She was so excited when I got home and told her .
- Ryan Reynolds
If a dog jumps in your lap , it is because he is fond of you ; but if a cat does the same thing , it is because your lap is warmer .
- Alfred N Whitehead
I put contact lenses in my dog 's eyes .
They had little pictures of cats on them .
Then I took one out and he ran around in circles .
- Steven Wright
Britain will suffer a deeper recession than any other mature EU economy , with a contraction of 1 % next year and only 0.4 % growth in 2010 , the European commission said today .
The EC 's latest half - yearly forecast predicts UK unemployment will rise from 5.3 % in 2007 to 7.1 % in 2009 — which would bring the number out of work to about 2.25 million .
It expects the budget deficit to jump to 5.6 % next year , which would be around £ 80bn , and 6.5 % , or £ 94bn , in 2010 .
Government debt is forecast to rise by more than 15 percentage points to more than 60 % of GDP in 2010 - 11 .
The figures would break stability and growth limits set by the EU 's stability and growth pact .
The bleak EU forecasts blow a hole in the government 's assertion it has been running the EU 's model economy for the past decade .
Britain 's contraction will be worse even that that of Ireland , which is forecast to shrink 0.9 % in 2009 but recover to 2.4 % growth in 2010 .
Ireland 's budget deficit is forecast to be higher , at 6.8 % of GDP in 2009 and 7.2 % in 2010 .
Only Estonia and Latvia are expected to suffer deeper recessions in 2009 , contracting 1.2 % and 2.7 % respectively .
Germany , France and Italy , the eurozone 's three biggest economies , are expected to stagnate .
Presenting his " dark " forecast , Joaquín Almunia , economic and monetary affairs commissioner , said it was highly uncertain and volatile given the fragile state of global financial markets .
He indicated tension had eased in inter - bank lending after the co-ordinated stabilisation plans adopted by governments in recent weeks .
But he insisted the EC would stick to its revised stability and growth pact , with the UK expected to receive a warning early in the new year .
The UK is already in the so - called excessive deficit procedure but cannot be sanctioned as it is not part of the eurozone .
Senior EC economists said : " The central outlook ( for Britain ) envisages a marked fall in private consumption in 2009 and 2010 , driven by more restrictive borrowing conditions and lower household wealth . "
Presenting a bleak picture of falling housing prices , falling living standards and rising joblessness , they said : " The heightened unemployment risk is also likely to prompt increases in savings from their currently very low level . "
The EC is forecasting a gradual recovery in the eurozone and most of the rest of the 27 EU member states in the second half of next year but this is unlikely in Britain until 2010 , with business investment shrinking until the end of 2009 .
Inflation is likely to fall to 1.2 % in 2010 .
The forecast comes ahead of this week 's expected decisions by both the bank of England and European Central Bank to cut interest rates by up to 0.5 percentage points as governments adopt fiscal stimulus packages to help lead the way out of recession across Europe .
What to Get Space Station on 10th Anniversary -- a Name
How can you love the Space Station when it does n't have a name ?
JOHNSON SPACE CENTER , Houston , Nov. 17 , 2008  --
Does the International Space Station really need a name ?
Is n't ISS enough ?
Maybe .
Maybe not .
It once was known as Alpha .
President Reagan wanted to name it Freedom , but that name did n't take .
Parts of the space station have names : Zarya , Kibo , Destiny , Harmony and Columbus , but the entire assembly is just the plain - old , clunky , wordy International Space Station .
The space shuttles all have names .
Atlantis , Discovery , Endeavour .
The commanders and pilots who fly the orbiters describe each of them as having their own individual personality .
When the Space Shuttle Columbia fell apart in 2003 the astronaut who was the pilot on its first mission recalled Columbia lovingly .
Bob Crippen told mourners Columbia was hardly a thing of beauty , but , he said , " Except to those of us who loved and cared for her .
She was often bad mouthed for being a little heavy in the rear end , but many of us can relate to that .
Many said she was old and past her prime .
Still she had lived only barely a quarter of her design life .
In years she was only 22 .
Columbia had many great missions ahead of her .
She , along with the crew , had her life snuffed out while in her prime . "
So would the International Space Station ever inspire that kind of feeling ?
It is by all accounts , the most complicated engineering project ever conceived .
It is the product of a collaborative agreement among 16 nations , at a cost of almost $ 100 billion .
Astronaut Scott Parazynski is convinced the space station is worth every dime .
" This is the single most complex vehicle ever built by human beings and it is being built off the planet at 17 , 500 miles an hour in [ a ] vacuum , with huge temperature extremes , pieces of hardware coming together for the very first time in space .
They have never had fit checks or checkouts on Earth .
It is remarkable . "
The orbiting outpost will celebrate its 10th anniversary this week , and it may get a name as a birthday present .
The space station has long had an identity crisis .
It is after all , the space station .
What does it do ?
Why does it exist ?
Space Station Program Manager Mike Suffredini , in an interview last year , told ABC News he was well aware of the space station 's identity crisis .
" It is unfortunate , as a world community , so many folks are not aware of the space station , but I am convinced that when we build the space station up and we are flying the six - person crew in orbit like we said we are going to do , it will be a more talked about system as we build it out . "
The space telescopes all have names .
Hubble is the most famous orbiting observatory and has a devoted following of people who proudly call themselves Hubble Huggers .
Think of the Mars Rovers , Spirit and Opportunity and images come to mind of spunky little robots succeeding against the odds .
The Mars Phoenix Lander chirped to a large following until the day it died .
Would an orbiting outpost with a name be more popular ?
Dr. Neal Lane of the Baker Institute believes the space station will never enjoy the popularity of a Hubble telescope , but it is a vital test platform to learn how to live in space .
" If we are going to learn how to go to Mars we have to learn about how we as humans react to living on orbit for a long time , " he said .
Lane says a space station , named or not , is still a worthy endeavor .
" Putting that together on orbit is just incredible , people have forgotten this is still a very risky business , and what is being assembled up there has never been done before , " Lane said .
So what would be a good name for the space station ?
Good question -- and one NASA has been struggling with for years , and perhaps it will reveal its choice this week .
I ’ve confessed again and again that I ’m just not the kind of person who likes to eat things repeatedly .
What ’s bad for , I do n’t know , using up leftovers , however , is good for having the kind of site that updates three times a week with new recipes .
So I ’d say it all evens out .
But every so often , actually — way too rarely , rarely — I hit on something that I cannot stop eating .
For weeks , months .
And now , we ’re over a year and I ’m telling you , if I had a butternut squash at home right now , we ’d already have dinner made .
I ’ve mentioned this salad before but I realize that this is one of those recipes I ’m going to refresh as often as I can get away with .
The second I had these ingredients together — lemon , tahini , butternut squash , garlic , chickpeas — I could n’t believe it was the first time .
They were made to be together , and in the times that I ’ve had them apart in other recipes , I always know what they ’re missing .
The recipe comes from Molly Wizenberg of Orangette , who adapted it from a cookbook from the UK ’s Moro restaurant , but I always forget that part because it ’s somehow a quintessential Orangette recipe to me .
Molly ’s first book comes out this spring and to say that I ’m just looking forward to reading it — and making more where has this recipe been my whole life - level favorites like this — might be the understatement of all understatements .
To hold me over until it comes out , though , I know exactly what I ’ll be eating .
One year ago : Rigatoni with Eggplant Puree
Two years ago : Icebox Cake
Warm Butternut and Chickpea Salad with Tahini Dressing
Adapted from Orangette , who adapted it from Casa Moro
Yield : 4 servings
For salad :
1 medium butternut squash ( about 2 to 2 1/2 pounds ) , peeled , seeded , and cut into 1 1/2 - inch pieces
1 medium garlic clove , minced or pressed
1/2 teaspoons ground allspice ( I skip this )
2 tablespoons olive oil
Salt
One 15 - ounce can chickpeas , drained and rinsed ( 1 1/2 cups )
1/4 of a medium red onion , finely chopped
1/4 cup coarsely chopped fresh cilantro or parsley
For tahini dressing :
1 medium garlic clove , finely minced with a pinch of salt
1/4 cup lemon juice
3 tablespoons well - stirred tahini
2 tablespoons water
2 tablespoons olive oil , plus more to taste
Preheat the oven to 425 °F .
In a large bowl , combine the butternut squash , garlic , allspice , olive oil , and a few pinches of salt .
Toss the squash pieces until evenly coated .
Roast them on a baking sheet for 25 minutes , or until soft .
Remove from the oven and cool .
Meanwhile , make the tahini dressing :
In a small bowl , whisk together the garlic and lemon juice .
Add the tahini , and whisk to blend .
Add the water and olive oil , whisk well , and taste for seasoning .
The sauce should have plenty of nutty tahini flavor , but also a little kick of lemon .
You will probably need to add more water to thin it out .
To assemble the salad , combine the squash , chickpeas , onion , and cilantro or parsley in a mixing bowl .
Either add the tahini dressing to taste , and toss carefully , or you could serve the salad with the dressing on the side .
Serve immediately .
Do ahead : Molly says this salad , lightly dressed , keeps beautifully in the fridge , that you should hold a little of the dressing on the side and that it can be reheated in the microwave .
I , for one , have never had any leftovers .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
UPDATE 1/25 : Mr. Hays has has provided a follow up letter , posted at the bottom of this article .
– Anthony
This letter below , reprinted with permission , is from Ross Hays .
Ross was a CNN meteorologist for many years .
He works for NASA at the Columbia Balloon Facility .
In that capacity he has spent much time in Antarctica .
He obviously can’t speak for his agency but can have an opinion which he shared with several people .
It is printed below in entirety , exactly as he sent it to Eric Steig today , the lead author of the University of Washington paper highlighted in a press release yesterday that claims there is a warming in Antarctica .
There were some of the pronouncements made in the media , particularly to the Associated Press by Dr. Michael Mann , that marry that paper with “ global warming ” , even though no such claim was made in the press release about the scientific paper itself .
I agree with Ross Hays .
In my opinion , this press release and subsequent media interviews were done for media attention .
The timing is suspicious , with the upcoming Al Gore ’s address to congress , he can now say : “ We ’ve now learned Antarctica is warming ” .
A Google News search shows about 530 articles on the UW press release in various media .
I ask my readers that share this opinion to consider writing factual letters to the editor ( in your own words ) or make online comments if any of these media outlets are near you .
– Anthony
letter dated 1/22/09
Eric ,
Let me first say that this is my own opinion and does not represent the agency I work for .
I feel your study is absolutely wrong .
There are very few stations in Antarctica to begin with and only a hand full with 50 years of data .
Satellite data is just approaching thirty years of available information .
In my experience as a day to day forecaster that has to travel and do field work in Antarctica the summer seasons have been getting colder .
In the late 1980s helicopters were used to take our personnel to Williams Field from McMurdo Station due to the annual receding of the Ross Ice Shelf , but in the past few years the thaw has been limited and vehicles can continue to make the transition and drive on the ice .
One climate note to pass along is December 2006 was the coldest December ever for McMurdo Station .
In a synoptic perspective the cooler sea surface temperatures have kept the maritime storms farther offshore in the summer season and the colder more dense air has rolled from the South Pole to the ice shelf .
There was a paper presented at the AMS Conference in New Orleans last year noting over 70 % of the continent was cooling due to the ozone hole .
We launch balloons into the stratosphere and the anticyclone that develops over the South Pole has been displaced and slow to establish itself over the past five seasons .
The pattern in the troposphere has reflected this trend with more maritime ( warmer ) air around the Antarctic Peninsula which is also where most of the automated weather stations are located for West Antarctica which will give you the average warmer readings and skew the data for all of West Antarctica .
With statistics you can make numbers go to almost any conclusion you want .
It saddens me to see members of the scientific community do this for media coverage .
Sincerely ,
Ross Hays
Follow up letter , sent 1/24 and posted on 1/25 with permission :
Anthony ,
A prerequisite to going to work for the Columbia Scientific Balloon Facility was to pass an Antarctic physical .
During the southern summer each year CSBF launches large ( up to 40 million cubic feet ) scientific balloons that orbit Antarctica for up to 42 days with scientific experiments .
Most of the payloads are astrophysics , but scientific balloons discovered the ozone hole over Antarctica .
The meteorologist job is to do daily forecasts for our launch site at Williams Field near McMurodo Station on Ross Island .
When campaigns are going on daily briefings are provided to personnel and a written summary is provided for daily situation reports sent to the Balloon Program Office at Goddard Space Center .
We also monitor the stratospheric winds while the payloads are being readied to launch and to make sure the winds are in the correct direction and the balloon will stay over the continent .
We also forecast payload termination and impact areas .
I have only done two tours on the Ice but have provided forecasts from Palestine , Texas on the years between after the balloon launches we take over forecasts for the payload and handle termination from our command center .
I will be returning to the Ice in November .
My main problem with the study is the data sets .
I know of only 4 stations for all of Antarctica that have fifty complete years of data .
I am trying to find the exact number now .
Most stations have been on and off in operation for a few seasons during field experiments .
One of our retired meteorologists , Glenn Rosenberger was a US Navy meteorologist that did tours in Antarctica .
He helped install the first automated weather stations on the continent :
In conjunction with Stanford University , believe it was in 1978 - 1979 that 4 were put on the ice .
One was on Minna Bluff , one on the Plateau , one on the slope of Eribus .
They were powered by the RTG ( radiological thermoelectric generators ) and the I was the Radiological Officer for the command .
There is just not enough data to support the results in my opinion .
The discussion about the warming in West Antarctica is also questionable to me since the majority of stations with several years of data are on the Antarctic Peninsula , which is surround by warmer maritime air , and does n’t give a good balance over the interior .
I hope this gives you some idea about me .
Sincerely ,
Ross Hays
Share this : Print
Email
Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Lion 's Den :: Daniel Pipes Blog Latest Posts | Archive | Violent Jihadis v. Lawful Jihadis by Daniel Pipes
Dec 24 , 2008
updated Dec 28 , 2008 http://www.danielpipes.org/blog/2008/12/violent-jihadis-v-lawful-jihadis
The Middle East Media and Research Institute has published an interesting theological attack by a violent Islamist on a lawful Islamist .
Titled " Syrian Jihadist Scholar Abu Basir Al - Tartusi : Sheikh Yousef Al - Qaradhawi is an Apostate , " it sums up the argument of ‘ Abd Al - Mun 'im Mustafa Halima , known as Abu Basir Al - Tartusi , declaring Yousef Al - Qaradhawi an apostate .
Qaradhawi happens to be about the most prominent Sunni religious thinker alive today , someone who writes important books , heads influential organizations , and enjoys a high - profile media presence .
Tartusi , however , presents several arguments to establish that Qaradhawi is no longer a Muslim .
MEMRI 's subheads provide the gist of his case , as Tartusi made it on his website on November 1 , 2008 : Al - Qaradhawi defended the Buddha statues in Afghanistan
His fatwa allowing Muslims to fight in the U.S. Army is an act of apostasy
He is making light of Allah ( This one is a bit obscure ; it refers to the fact that Qaradhawi ridiculed elections in some Arab countries where the ruler receives 99.99 percent of the vote , commenting that " if Allah were in the running he would n't receive such a share " of the vote . )
He supported multiparty democracy
[ He advocates friendly ] relations with non-Muslims
" Heretical " Jurisprudence ( Tartusi accuses Qaradhawi of substituting whim for divine law in his " jurisprudence of balances . " )
Al - Tartusi concludes :
Because of all of the above , and in order to discharge my duty , and in order to advise the Islamic nation , I ruled – and I still hold to this ruling – that Yousef Al - Qaradhawi is an infidel , an apostate , and a heretic .
All of the laws applying to infidels , apostates , and heretics apply to him , until he repents of the aforementioned beliefs .
Comment :
This intramural hostility typifies the difference in outlook between Al - Qaeda - style Islamists and the Muslim Brethren , with the one hot - headed and the other patient , the former geared to violence , the latter working within the system .
As I have often observed , the Muslim Brethren types have greater appeal and lasting power .
( December 24 , 2008 ) receive the latest by email : subscribe to daniel pipes ' free mailing list
The above text may be reposted , forwarded , or translated so long as it is presented as an integral whole with complete information about its author , date , place of publication , as well as the original URL .
en Submit a comment on this item Reader comments ( 7 ) on this item Comment on this item See recent outstanding comments .
Daniel Pipes
My GitHub page , containing various open - source libraries for Mac and iOS development , and some miscellaneous projects
Friday Q&A 2008 -12-26
Welcome to another Friday Q&A .
This week I thought I would take fellow amoeboid Jeff Johnson 's suggestion and talk about blocks in Objective -C .
The word " blocks " is kind of ambiguous , so to clarify , I 'm not talking about the compound statement structure which has existed in C since the beginning of time .
I 'm talking about a new addition to the language being created by Apple which adds anonymous functions to the language .
Since they 're not available to the public in finished form yet , the discussion is going to be a bit imprecise in terms of syntax .
But since I mainly want to talk about what they will do for us and not the absolute precise details of how to type them out , that 's not a big problem .
First let 's see how they look :
x = ^ { printf ( " hello world
" ) ; }
x ( ) ;
x = ^ ( int a , char * b ) { printf ( " a is %d and b is %s " , a , b ) ; }
x ( 42 , " fork ! " ) ;
int a = 42 ; char * b = " fork ! " ; x = ^ { printf ( " a is %d and b is %s " , a , b ) ; } x ( ) ;
int a = 42 ; char * b = " fork ! " ; callblock ( ^ { printf ( " a is %d and b is %s " , a , b ) ; } ) ;
callblock ( )
That 's a block .
The funny caret before the braces is what distinguishes it from boring old compound statements .
Now we can simply call this block like so :
And the resulting code will print " hello world " .
Now let 's introduce a couple of parameters :
And then we can call this just the way you 'd think :
Now let 's remove the parameters again : This illustrates one of the really interesting things about blocks : they can capture variables from their enclosing scope .
This is not particularly interesting here ( why did n't we just pass a and b when invoking it ? ) but it gets really interesting when we start passing the block around to other functions :
When thefunction calls that block , the block will still get access to our local variables a and b even though we never passed them to the function explicitly .
We 're just about done with the basics of what blocks are .
One more quick example , a block that returns a value :
x = ^ ( int n ) { return n + 1 ; } ; printf ( " %d
" , x ( 2 ) ) ;
This code will print " 3 " .
Note that there is no need to declare the type of the return value as the compiler can simply infer it from the return statement .
So what 's the big deal ?
A major advantage of blocks is that they essentially allow you to write your own control structures in the language without having to alter the compiler .
As one example , take the for ( ... in ... ) syntax that appeared in Leopard .
This syntax is a wonderful addition to the language .
Previously we had to write a bunch of code just to iterate over an array :
NSEnumerator * enumerator = [ array objectEnumerator ] ; id obj ; while ( ( obj = [ enumerator nextObject ] ) ) // finally we can do something with obj
for ( id obj in array )
my_for ( array , ^ ( id obj ) { /* loop body goes here */ } ) ;
[ array do :^ ( id obj ) { /* loop body goes here */ } ] ;
- do :
And the new syntax cuts this down to a single line :
Which is great .
The only trouble is that we went years and years without it .
We had to wait for Apple to add it for us .
With blocks , no more !
You do n't get quite the same syntax , but you can get the same convenience with a method you wrote entirely yourself :
Or in a perhaps slightly stranger but much more interesting object - oriented form :
The implementation of themethod is left up to the reader , but rest assured that it 's relatively simple .
As another example , consider the @synchronized directive .
This could be redone using blocks too :
[ obj synchronized : ^ { /* this is protected by the lock */ } ] ;
for /in
@synchronized
OK , you say , I get it , but what 's the big deal ?
After all , andare already part of the language , why would you rewrite them ?
Of course you would n't .
That would be silly .
Those examples serve only to illustrate the idea : that you can build your own control structures .
But of course it 's only interesting to build control structures that are new !
So here are some ideas .
Open a file and ensure that it gets closed when you 're done : [ [ NSFileHandle fileHandleForReadingAtPath : path ] closeWhenDone : ^ ( NSFileHandle * handle ) { /* use handle here */ } ] ;
Build a new array by working with the objects of an existing one : newArray = [ existing Array map : ^ ( id obj ) { return [ obj stringByAppendingString : @ " suffix " ] ; } ] ;
Filter the contents of an array : newArray = [ existing Array filter : ^ ( id obj ) { return [ obj has Prefix : @ " my " ] ; } ] ;
Main thread synchronization : /* threaded code */ PerformOnMainThread ( ^ { /* synchronized code */ } ) ; /* more threaded code */
Delayed execution : PerformWithDelay ( 5.0 , ^ { /* will run 5 seconds later */ } ) ;
Parallel enumeration : [ array doParallelized : ^ ( id obj ) { /* will get executed on all of your CPU cores at once */ } ] ;
And many other examples abound .
Another place where blocks will make things much nicer is when dealing with callbacks .
If you 've ever written much Cocoa code you 've probably had to write a sheet callback , and it's a pain in the ass .
If you need to pass variables through to the other side then it gets really frustrating with code like this :
- ( void ) method { int foo ; NSString * bar ; /* do some work with those variables */ NSDictionary * ctx = [ [ NSDictionary alloc ] initWithObjectsAndKeys : [ NSNumber numberWithInt : foo ] , @ " foo " , bar , @ " bar " , nil ] ; [ NSApp beginSheet : sheet modalForWindow : window modalDelegate : self didEndSelector : @selector ( methodSheetDidEnd : returnCode : contextInfo :) contextInfo : ctx ] ; } - ( void ) methodSheetDidEnd :( NSWindow * ) sheet returnCode :( int ) code contextInfo :( void * ) ctx { NSDictionary * ctxDict = ctx ; [ ctxDict autorelease ] ; int foo = [ [ ctxDict objectforKey : @ " foo " ] intValue ] ; NSString * bar = [ ctxDict objectForKey : @ " bar " ] ; /* do some more stuff with those variables }
- ( void ) method { int foo ; NSString * bar ; /* do some work with those variables */ [ sheet beginSheetModalForWindow : window didEndBlock : ^ ( int code ) { /* do stuff with foo */ /* do stuff with bar */ /* do stuff with code , or sheet , or window , or anything */ } ] ; }
Wow !
What a pain that is .
Since I removed all the stuff that does work , nearly everything that remains is just boilerplate .
Horrible boilerplate whose only purpose is to tell the sheet who to call , and to pack up local information in a way that the sheet can give it back to you later on .
Now let 's imagine we were redoing this API using blocks and see how it would look :
Is n't that great ?
All that horrible boilerplate just flies right out the window .
Code flow suddenly becomes completely logical , you can read it top to bottom , and you can access any local variables you please .
Let 's take another example , sorting an array with a custom comparison function using some variables that you pass in .
NSArray has functionality for this , with the - sortedArrayUsingFunction : context : method .
The old - style code is annoying , and I 'm not going to write it .
It 's much like the sheet method above .
You have to define a separate function , way outside of your code where it 's not really visible .
You have to set up the context to pass into it .
If you 're passing more than one thing then you have to pass a dictionary ( and unpack it ) or a pointer to a struct .
Now here 's the blocks version of a custom comparator :
sorted = [ array sorted ArrayUsingBlock : ^ ( id a , id b ) { /* compare , use local variables to decide what to do , run wild */ } ] ;
And that 's all there is to it .
Callbacks are one of the most powerful things in C and Objective - C but in many situations their use can be extremely difficult and unnatural .
Blocks promise to allow callbacks and custom control constructs to be created and used in a much more natural fashion .
So far I 've only shown examples of using a blocks API , but how about creating one ?
Well , it 's a little worse , but not much .
The only problematic thing is that the syntax for declaring a block type is kind of ugly , as it 's modeled after function pointer syntax .
But it 's not too bad , and the rest is nice and simple .
For example , here 's how you could write that - map : method from above :
- ( NSArray * ) map :( id ( ^ ) ( id ) ) block { // takes an id , returns an id NSMutableArray * ret = [ NSMutableArray array ] ; for ( id obj in self ) [ ret addObject : block ( obj ) ] ; return ret ; }
Pretty straightforward , especially considering the power it gives us .
Information on Apple 's implementation of blocks is still a bit sparse .
Some more details can be found in a mailing list post to the Clang development list .
For more purely conceptual ideas on how blocks can be used , check out the Smalltalk language , where blocks are used for virtually every control structure right down to if / then and basic loops .
Here 's hoping that blocks allow for some major changes in how we work on Snow Leopard !
That wraps it up for this Friday Q&A .
Be sure to come back next week for another round .
Keep those suggestions coming .
Post suggestions in the comments or e-mail them directly .
I may use your name unless you tell me otherwise , so say so if you want to remain anonymous .
Did you enjoy this article ?
I 'm selling whole books full of them !
Volumes II and III are now out !
They 're available as ePub , PDF , print , and on iBooks and Kindle .
Click here for more information
Comments :
Add your thoughts , post a comment :
Spam and off - topic posts will be deleted without notice .
Culprits may be publicly humiliated at my sole discretion .
JavaScript is required to submit comments due to anti-spam measures .
Please enable JavaScript and reload the page .
" We had to leave about eight injured people behind because we could not get to them and it was no longer safe for us to stay . ''
Mr Shaheen was in a convoy led by a jeep from the International Committee of the Red Cross that made its way down war - damaged tracks past demolished houses to the town of Zeitoun .
Sam Smith
Every time Israel does something mean , cruel or stupid you can almost hear the sound of liberals and progressives rushing for a place to hide .
Strip away the rhetoric and the excuses and the problem basically comes down to the fact that people do n't like being called anti-Semitic .
It 's a great shtick the Israelis have used so effectively that behaving appropriately towards their country has cost the U.S. over $ 100 billion since Israel was founded .
For gratitude we have been granted a plethora of unnecessary conflicts , anger in the Muslim world that contributed to 9/11 and the madness of the war on terror , as well as periodic spying on the U.S. by Israeli agents .
What other country to whom we have given so much has been so loath to return the favor ?
Israel 's attack on Gaza , for example , is not only vicious , inexcusable and a violation of international law , it is a direct attempt to interfere with American politics by making sure Obama 's hands are completely tied .
Yet , once again , the Israelis are getting away with it because even such supposedly enlightened corners of America as the media and liberal groups are afraid to take them on .
If , the other hand , one feels that it is far worst to support a cruel and unnecessary war than it is to be labeled an anti-Semite then it may be time to be as brave in the face of right wing Jewish accusations as we are confronting criticism by Ann Coulter or Rush Limbaugh .
It is , after all , a partner in illogic - of the sort where unsupportable accusations are used to drown actual facts - such as the constant evocation of the Holocaust in which past victims are shamefully dishonored by using them to justify the creation of still more victims .
Once you take the simple liberating step of saying that you do n't give a damn what Abe Foxman says about you , then the whole Mid East issue takes on a new look .
For example , you are suddenly free to wonder whether some sort of boycott against Israel might not be worthwhile .
As UN General Assembly President , Miguel D'Escoto Brockman put it recently , " More than twenty years ago we in the United Nations took the lead from civil society when we agreed that sanctions were required to provide a nonviolent means of pressuring South Africa to end its violations .
Today , perhaps we .
. . should consider following the lead of a new generation of civil society , who are calling for a similar campaign of boycott , divestment and sanctions to pressure Israel to end its violations .
" Such a boycott might include all of the following : AOL Time Warner , Coca - Cola , Disney , Estee Lauder , IBM , Johnson & Johnson , L'Oreal , Nokia , Revlon , Sara Lee , Home Depot , Starbucks , Timberland , or McDonald's .
Or it might include just one for ease of organizing .
Another approach would be a campaign to cut aid to Israel .
A modest ten percent - $ 300 million - would start to make the point .
If you 're not quite up to being at least as tough on Israel as Congress was on the auto workers , there are other ways to make your discomfort known - including sending some money to groups like the New Israel Fund that are trying to set an example of what a progressive Israel would be like .
But whatever the approach one prefers , we should all take a New Year 's vow not to be afraid of pro-Israeli extremists anymore .
They are bullies and it's long past time that we started treating them as such .
A new book on U.S. endeavours in the Middle East paints an unflattering picture of George Tenet , claiming that the former CIA director went on a drunken rant about neoconservatives and “ the Jews ” .
According to a story on TheAtlantic.com , journalist Patrick Tyler ’s forthcoming book , A World of Trouble , includes a scene where Tenet is drinking copious amounts of scotch in the pool of a Saudi prince .
Drunk and on sleeping pills , Tenet allegedly proceeds to rave about the Bush administrations attempts to pin Iraq ’s missing weapons of mass destruction on him .
The December 16 story includes two passages from Tyler ’s book .
A servant appeared with a bottle .
Tenet knocked back some of the scotch .
Then some more .
They watched with concern .
He drained half the bottle in a few minutes .
“ They ’re setting me up .
The bastards are setting me up , ” Tenet said , but “ I am not going to take the hit . ”
Followed by :
According to one witness , he mocked the neoconservatives in the Bush administration and their alignment with the rlght wing of Israel ’s political establishment , referring to them with exaxperation as , “ the Jews . ”
According to the Atlantic , Tenet disputes the remarks attributed to him .
Tenet was director of the CIA from 1997 to 2004 , during which time the intelligence agency often came under sharp criticism .
On September 11 , 2001 , al - Qaeda successfully carried out the worst terrorist attacks on U.S. soil in history .
Defending interrogation measures associated with the Bush administration ’s “ War on Terror ” , the CIA publicly acknowledged it was using water boarding and other “ harsh ” interrogation techniques against terrorist suspects .
And it was Tenet who told U.S. president George W. Bush that the evidence against former Iraq president Saddam Hussein was a “ slam dunk ” , a phrase that was later used by the administration to convince the American public that the U.S. ’s 2003 invasion of Iraq was justified .
On December 14 , 2004 , Bush awarded Tenet the Presidential Medal of Freedom , the highest civilian award in the United States .
You can follow Travis Lupick on Twitter at twitter.com / tlupick .
In Russia wood carving was popular in older times , these are some examples of the modern wood carving by Cronid Gogolev .
via sortavala.ru
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Eric Holder Jr. , by all accounts , is a decent , smart , caring , competent fellow .
President - elect Barack Obama ’s pick to be attorney general had a brilliant career in public service : he graduated from Columbia University law school , worked at the NAACP Legal Defense Fund , was a trial attorney at the Justice Department , a Superior Court judge in Washington , DC , a US attorney , and , then deputy attorney general .
He has served on various nonprofit boards : George Washington University , the American Constitution Society , Morehouse School of Medicine , Save the Children Foundation , the District of Columbia ’s Police Foundation , and the Innocence Project .
He ’s been a member of Concerned Black Men for over 25 years .
He also , in a way , represents what ’s wrong with Washington .
That ’s not because of Holder ’s infamous role in the Marc Rich pardon .
That episode–which Holder will certainly be asked about during confirmation hearings , which are scheduled to begin Thursday –was a case of Washington pay - to - play .
There ’s little doubt that Rich , a fugitive financier indicted for tax evasion , racketeering , and trading with the enemy ( Iran ) , was able to win that last - minute pardon from President Clinton ( with Holder , as deputy attorney general , leaning slightly in its favor ) because he had hired a former Clinton White House counsel to argue his case and because Rich ’s ex-wife had pledged money to Clinton causes .
Holder ’s role in the Rich pardon may not have been instrumental , but it was a mistake–a terrible way to cap off decades of public service .
But he is a poster child for something perhaps more pernicious and extensive in the nation ’s capital : selling out .
Months after the Clinton administration ended , Holder went to work for the influential law firm and lobbying shop of Covington and Burling .
( He also joined the boards of Eastman Kodak and MCI . )
Holder was doing what so many routinely do in Washington : cashing in .
He took years of experience he had gathered as a public servant and rented it to corporations accused of serious wrongdoing .
He smoothly went from doing good to doing well .
In 2008 , according to his confirmation questionnaire , he made $ 2.1 million at Covington and Burling .
And he expects in 2009 to bring in over $ 2.5 million , including his separation payment .
Holder ’s private legal work for the Chiquita banana company , which faced the possibility of federal charges for having paid protection money to Colombian terrorists , has earned media attention .
Holder also helped Merck settle a massive Medicaid overbilling case that culminated in a $ 671 million civil settlement .
The pharmaceutical company had been accused by the Justice Department of cheating the government regarding Vioxx , its arthritis drug , and Zocor , its cholesterol drug .
But it may be a lesser - known piece of lawyering that best symbolizes how Holder went from prosecuting bad guys to protecting them .
In 2001 , Darrell McGraw Jr. , the longtime Democratic attorney general of the state of West Virginia , filed a civil case against Purdue Pharma in 2001 , the manufacturer of OxyContin , a highly addictive painkiller approved for serious pain treatment .
He alleged that the company had engaged in “ coercive and deceptive ” marketing of OxyContin .
McGraw charged that Purdue had disseminated misleading advertisements and had promoted the inappropriate use of OxyContin for minor pain .
His lawsuit contended that Purdue had offered doctors free trips to “ pain management ” seminars where the firm pitched the drug as safe and effective for treating minor pain –without mentioning the drug was supposed to be used only for severe pain and easily abused .
McGraw also alleged that Purdue had told “ pharmacists that they can get in trouble if they do not fill prescriptions , even if they believe someone may be an abuser of the drug . ”
He maintained that the firm ’s underhanded practices had caused users in West Virginia to become addicted to the drug .
And he noted that while Purdue ’s annual sales revenue from OxyContin had surpassed $ 1 billion , the state of West Virginia was saddled with the cost of treating people who had become addicted due to misuse of the drug encouraged by Purdue .
This suit was a serious threat to the drugmaker , and it eventually called in Holder .
And in November 2004 , the morning that the case was about to go to trial , Holder helped negotiate a settlement .
Working in the judge ’s chambers in West Virginia , he forged an agreement under which the firm would have to pay $ 10 million over four years into drug abuse and education programs in West Virginia .
Purdue would not have to admit any wrongdoing .
( Days earlier , the firm had offered the state about $ 2 million to settle ; McGraw had turned down Purdue and had not bothered to produce a counter - offer . )
The settlement was a big win for the company .
Ten million dollars was a piddling amount compared to what Purdue was reaping from OxyContin sales .
More important , this settlement helped keep the lid on the firm ’s criminal activities .
There would be no trial–and no public release of documents or testimony about the company ’s actions , which were already being investigated by federal prosecutors .
In late 2002 , the feds had begun an investigation of Purdue , with the first of what would be nearly 600 subpoenas for corporate records related to the manufacturing , marketing , and distribution of OxyContin .
In May 2007 , the company and its three top executives pleaded guilty to federal charges of fraudulently marketing OxyContin by claiming it was less addictive , less subject to abuse , and less likely to cause withdrawal symptoms .
Purdue and the three execs agreed to pay fines of $ 634.5 million * .
At the time , US attorney John Brownlee summed up the case :
Even in the face of warnings from health care professionals , the media , and members of its own sales force that OxyContin was being widely abused and causing harm to our citizens , Purdue , under the leadership of its top executives , continued to push a fraudulent marketing campaign that promoted OxyContin as less addictive , less subject to abuse , and less likely to cause withdrawal .
In the process , scores died as a result of OxyContin abuse and an even greater number of people became addicted to OxyContin ; a drug that Purdue led many to believe was safer , less abusable , and less addictive than other pain medications on the market .
That is , Darrell McGraw , the West Virginia attorney general , had been correct .
Yet Holder had helped the company slip past McGraw ’s charges .
And that permitted the drugmaker to continue its fraudulent ways until the Justice Department finally stopped them .
“ We did n’t know why they settled with us , ” says Frances Hughes , McGraw ’s chief deputy attorney general .
“ Our suspicion is that they did not want anything to come out at the trial . ”
Is it possible that because of Holder ’s efforts ( whether he realized it or not ) , patients suffered–and perhaps died ?
But Holder did nothing wrong –in the legal or ethical sense .
He was merely working for a client .
Corporate miscreants do have the right to legal representation .
Yet Holder , who as a government official in earlier years had targeted wrongdoers , had no obligation to become a hired gun after leaving the Justice Department .
He could have become a university president , a law school dean , a nonprofit chairman , a public interest lawyer .
True , he would have had to get by on perhaps $ 250,000 or so a year instead of ten times that amount .
But he would have continued a life of service .
Holder did what so many Washingtonians –Democrat and Republican–do upon leaving government : he left the public interest behind .
The money was more important .
( In his confirmation questionnaire , Holder did note he has “ done more than fifty hours of pro bono work in every year except one ” at Covington & Burling . )
Many of the people who follow this sort of path like to continue to define themselves by their public deeds .
When they serve on boards or write op - eds , they tend to ID themselves as a former government official–not as a current shill for this or that in - trouble corporation .
They assume they can easily move back and forth between public service and private service–and they are right .
In Washington , public officials are not snubbed or denigrated when they become private profiteers .
When it ’s time for them to return to public life , it ’s usually no big deal .
The capital ’s revolving door spins people into and out of government .
Holder may get a slap or two from the Republicans on the Senate judiciary committee for the Rich pardon or something else .
But he ’s likely to be confirmed .
He may well become a good attorney general .
Someday , down the road , he might be feted at a fancy testimonial dinner , and all his rather impressive accomplishments will be repeatedly noted .
And with the encomiums flowing , there wo n’t be any mention of the Purdue Pharma victims and the highly - paid work Holder did to protect the people and company who caused their suffering .
* This post has been corrected to reflect the fact that Purdue and its executives paid $ 634.5 million in fines , not $ 634,515 .
Sorry .
Protesters surround parliament calling on PM Abhisit to quit Thailand 's new Prime Minister Abhisit Vejjajiva has been forced to put off his opening speech to parliament due to anti-government protests .
Hundreds of protesters loyal to deposed leader Thaksin Shinawatra surrounded parliament on Monday , after tens of thousands also gathered on Sunday .
The speech has now been rescheduled for Tuesday morning .
Protesters say Mr Abhisit - the third prime minister in four months - has no mandate to lead and should resign .
He was elected in a parliamentary vote two weeks ago , after a court dissolved the former government , seen as close to Thaksin .
He now faces crowds of red-clad opponents on the streets who say they object to his route to power .
Delay Monday 's speech was at first repeatedly delayed and has now been put off until Tuesday , senior parliamentary sources said .
In pictures : Protests thwart Thai PM
It will depend on lawmakers getting safe passage to parliament .
Protest organisers have insisted they will not prevent members of parliament entering the building , but have dared them to leave their vehicles and face protesters as they do .
But the Deputy Prime Minister Suthep Thaugusban has said this is too dangerous .
Some reports suggest that if the protests continue the speech - which was expected to outline measures to try to boost Thailand 's ailing economy - could even be put off until the new year .
Under the constitution , a new Thai government cannot start work officially until it delivers its policy statement to a joint sitting of the House of Representatives and Senate .
No mandate ?
Mr Abhisit was elected by parliament after a court required the dissolution of parties in the ruling coalition .
He has tried to distance himself from an earlier wave of protests against the previous Thaksin - backed government which had forced the closure of the country 's airports for eight days .
But members of his new government , including the foreign minister , took part in those protests .
Those yellow - clad protesters are called the Peoples ' Alliance for Democracy or PAD .
The new wave of protests , led by red-clad Thaksin loyalists , are called the Democratic Alliance against Dictatorship .
Slogans on banners included " Abhisit get out , this is a prostitute 's government " , " We are ready to protect Thaksin " , " Give us back real democracy " and " Government of treason " .
Power struggle Mr Thaksin was ousted from the prime minister 's job in a military coup in 2006 , but elections in December 2007 under a new constitution returned his loyalists to power .
Several governments led by his supporters collapsed under the weight of court rulings against them , PAD protests and a defection within parliament by a formerly pro-Thaksin faction .
Now his supporters are on the streets in moves to blockade parliament reminiscent of the protests mounted against them when they were in power .
Mr Abhisit had promised a government of reconciliation and economic recovery .
New Finance Minister Korn Chatikavanij said last week that the country 's export - driven economy would shrink in the fourth quarter and barely grow in 2009 .
Mr Korn , an Oxford - trained former investment banker , projected 2009 growth at between 0 % and 2 % , the worst in a decade .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ever since the time of Mendel , students and the general public have struggled with how to understand the interconnection of mathematics and genetics .
Not because understanding Mendelian mathematics is a difficult subject , but rather because the application of mathematics has never been the strong suit for most people .
Reginald Punnett recognized this struggle when in 1909 he introduced the Punnett square - the cornerstone of genetics education in almost every classroom .
In fact , for almost 100 years now , while the science of genetics has evolved by leaps and bounds , little has changed in the way that educators teach genetics .
I recently stumbled across a new website prepared by Nature Education - it is called Scitable , and it may possible be exactly what is needed in getting people to understand genetics .
Scitable is a site for people to interact and learn more about genetics , biotechnology , and the interaction of the molecular sciences with society .
It seems to be more than just an education site , however .
Anyone with an interest in genetics can interact with the site ... and it appears that it has the potential to link scientists to the general public .
What I especially find intriguing about this site is the ability of individuals to upload information on genetics for use by other members of the community .
I have long been a proponent of community - based learning in the sciences .
Studies have consistently shown that community - based learning is the more effective form of education .
The problem , especially for small , rural schools , has been to get enough people to form the community .
Websites such as Scitable may be the first generation of the answer to this problem .
By potentially linking people from around the globe , students can get a multi-cultural view of genetics and its relationship with society .
It remains to be seen how the public will respond to the site , but it is my opinion that we could very well be looking at the next generation of science education .
There are a lot of $ 200 - $ 300 point and shoots on the market right now , and there 's no way the test display at Best Buy is going to tell you which to buy .
How is elbowing other shoppers while analyzing your hasty snapshots on a 3 - inch , low - rez screen going to help you make an informed buying decision ?
Advertisement
Instead , I put six of the most popular point - and - shoots on the market through some major testing .
Then I decided on the one that you should buy without the hedging BS .
Meet our competitors
Each of these compact point and shoots features optical image stabilization and is priced around $ 250 :
Samsung TL9 ( $ 280 )
10MP , 5X zoom , 2.7 - inch LCD
Canon SD790 ( $ 250 )
10MP , 3X zoom , 3 - inch LCD
Nikon S560 ( $ 250 )
10MP , 5X zoom , 2.7 - inch LCD
Sony W170 ( $ 250 )
10 MP , 5 x zoom , 2.7 - inch LCD
Panasonic FS20 ( $ 250 )
10 MP , 4 x zoom , 3 - inch LCD
Kodak M1093 ( $ 200 )
10 MP , 3 x zoom , 3 - inch LCD
Studio Shoot
The shots inside were captured under diffused sunlight in full auto mode at max ( 10 MP ) resolution .
I wo n't say that it was n't an extreme disappointment that only one camera , the Kodak , was able to shoot with proper white balance in this situation and offer us colors as they really look ( you 'll have to trust me on this one ) .
The other cameras compensated poorly , possibly metering the diffused light as tungsten light , and producing a fairly cold image because of it .
Advertisement
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Advertisement
Advertisement
Other than the color , you can't make out much from the wide shots .
But if you blow the images up to their native resolution , there are huge differences .
Even in the web - compressed images here , it 's obvious that Canon captures the most detail :
Advertisement
It 's basically a tie between Sony and Kodak for second place .
Here 's what Kodak looks like :
Advertisement
And then there 's a pretty hard drop in quality .
Panasonic comes in a solid last place here :
Advertisement
You can fix the color by manually choosing a smarter white balance ( color temperature ) , or adjusting the balance in post .
But you can't get the texture of those cookies back .
Big win for Canon here .
Motion Photography
It 's no secret that many point - and - shoots are horrible for capturing the spontaneity of a child or pet , in part due to focus lag and often an additional wait before the shot is actually taken .
While DSLRs are the best solution , I wanted to see if any point - and - shoots could rise to the challenge of capturing some action .
Advertisement
So I put them to the test on a Chicago side street where cars get up to 15 - 20 mph .
After repeat testing on each model , once again , we had a clear winner .
Trouble is , it 's Panasonic , loser of the resolution match !
Panasonic features more shooting settings than any of its competitors , so my guess is that they spent a lot of time on optimizing at least this particular preset optimization .
Advertisement
The remainder of the competition was fairly close , and I can't say that even the Panasonic model will capture any incredible sports action photography .
But I will say that the Nikon and Samsung seemed to lag more than the others from button press to shot acquisition .
They both tended to have the blurriest shots as well .
Here 's a typical result of the Nikon :
Advertisement
Video
Like high - speed photography , point - and - shoots are n't fundamentally designed for video .
But then again , since they all shoot video , people have begun using them more frequently than they ever used their bigger , more specialized camcorders , so a test was necessary .
After playing some billiards , I found Canon 's image , though not technically the highest resolution , to be the best .
A point as well to its realistic sound capture of ball on ball action .
Advertisement
Second place goes to Kodak .
Even though you can make out a great deal of grain on the table 's felt surface , it also captures a relatively sharp , pleasantly contrasty image when you examine each ball .
Advertisement
Last place ?
This title is , once again , reserved for Panasonic .
For some reason , the camera interpreted the red table as some sort of blurry pastel .
And the sound was a like a fast food drive - through speaker .
Advertisement
Flash
We 've all been there .
It 's late .
A friend is in town .
Your cameraphone can't hope to capture a shot in your drunken stupor , especially as you 're hanging out in a smokey bar .
I 'd loved to have recreated this scene precisely in its brilliance , but instead I opted to take pictures of my cat with the lights low .
Advertisement
It 's an unfair challenge for a small - lensed , small - chipped camera to capture a decent picture in low light , even with flash as a crutch , but the Sony did as well as I could have hoped , illuminating my subject and her background alike , lacking the hotspots of most flash photography .
Advertisement
The other cameras were predictably mediocre , but the absolute worst at handling flash had to be the Nikon .
Not only did it give my cat a washed - out glow , but it did n't even consider properly exposing that obnoxious pile of boxes behind her .
The shame .
Advertisement
Weird Features and Gimmicks
Advertisement
None of these items should probably determine your buying decision , but I wanted to mention a few of the more ... interesting features of the cameras .
The Samsung TL9 has a set of snazzy analog dials on top that display battery life and remaining memory like a car 's dash — plus it plays music and movies .
The Panasonic has categorized an Intelligent Auto Mode that gives a lazy but informed user a nice way to tell the camera , " hey , you may need to boost the ISO , " without messing with any other controls or gimmicky menus .
The Nikon will warn you if a subject 's eyes are closed .
The Canon has ditched the standard up , down , left , right menu dial for a spinning ring ... that 's bold , if not always intuitive .
And Sony will shoot in 16x9 or stretch images to that ratio for quick HDTV slideshows .
Plus , smile / face detectors are everywhere .
How did we ever take pictures before boxes enclosed a loved one 's face ?
So What Should You Buy ?
After all my testing , I 'd recommend the Canon SD790 .
Sure , it did n't win every category , but it won the one that counts most — detail .
It came first in the video category .
And it never ever fell flat on its face .
Advertisement
Maybe this conclusion sounds a little too clinical to you .
If so , let me say that there are less tangible elements I appreciate about the Canon SD790 :
It includes the best built battery charger and it is the only model tested to sync with a computer via mini USB ( as opposed to some annoying proprietary cable or dock ) .
On top of those , it always seems quick to capture a shot after I pressed for the shutter , though it 's still not nearly as responsive as my prosumer DSLR .
The one thing I 'd ask for in this camera is a more powerful zoom lens ( something you can get in the Canon line for a few bucks more ) .
If you know an extreme technophobe , you might tell them about the Kodak M1093 .
It offers the simplest shooting experience with one button to choose a photo mode , one button for flash toggling and one button to actually take a picture .
Digital cameras do n't get simpler than that , and I have to admit , as the cheapest model in this roundup ( $ 200 ) , with the least techie brand name , it performs better than I expected — though it does have a propensity to bump the ISO , producing some unwanted noise .
Advertisement
But as for the Sony W170 , while it does feature the widest angle lens with 5 x of zoom , it 's clunky in the hand and rarely brilliant in quality .
As for the Nikon S560 , it takes mediocre shots .
The Panasonic FS20 is inconsistent — bordering on horrendous much of the time — and features a small screen and a dated interface .
Meanwhile , the Samsung TL9 just completely fails to impress me .
So go ahead , pick up the Canon .
It seems the company 's overwhelming market share is well deserved .
Or do n't .
I wo n't lose sleep or anything .
Just do n't come crying to me when all your pictures look like crap .
The Red Sox wasted no time locking up American League MVP Dustin Pedroia with a six - year , $ 40.5 million contract , with an option for 2015 , that takes them through three arbitration and two free - agent seasons .
" I wanted to be here a long time , " Pedroia said at a Fenway Park news conference .
" Hopefully in the next six years we can win some championships . "
It is one of the four biggest nonarbitration deals ever , along with the contracts given to Hanley Ramirez , David Wright and Ryan Braun .
The 25 - year - old second baseman will receive a signing bonus of $ 1.5 million and a salary of $ 1.5 million in 2009 , followed by salaries of $ 3.5 million , $ 5.5 million and $ 8 million in what would have been his three years of arbitration eligibility .
Pedroia would earn $ 10 million salaries in 2013 and 2014 .
As an example , many universities " employ " well known luminaries to lecture for them , yet those luminaries do n't base themselves out of their campus 100 % of their time , coming in to teach , perhaps one class a year .
-- Pat Kua
ThoughtWorks does its best to attract smart developers .
It 's no easy task .
How do you convince the smartest developers in the world to join a company that requires 100 % travel ( in the US anyway ) and become consultants .
It 's a tough sell .
I 've always believed that people join because of the other people they 'll be working with .
And , of the ThoughtWorks employees that people want to work with , Martin Fowler is generally at the top .
I , like so many other people , found ThoughtWorks because of Martin Fowler .
I followed a link from his website , read about the company , and decided I wanted to give it a shot .
After interviewing I did a bit more research about ThoughtWorks .
I was definitely put off by the travel and the thought of being a consultant , but I found blogs by Jim Newkirk , Mike Mason , and several other ThoughtWorks employees .
They were saying the things I wanted to hear and they seemed like people I wanted to work with .
I definitely joined ThoughtWorks for the people , but Martin was the original reason I applied .
Not everyone joins ThoughtWorks because of Martin , but a large majority of people do .
Employing Martin Fowler guarantees ThoughtWorks enjoys a steady stream of talented applicants .
I 've always jokingly referred to this as the Fowler Effect .
I wonder if other companies could benefit from employing a luminary .
The first obvious question is : what would the luminary do ?
I expect the answer would vary based on the luminary .
In Martin 's case , he does n't do a lot of project work , but he is very involved in ThoughtWorks and it's projects .
Martin actively participates in public discussions , visits projects , offers advice and solicits input all the time .
I 'm sure employing Martin also helps ThoughtWorks sell projects .
The cost benefit analysis is pretty easy for ThoughtWorks and Martin , but I 'm not sure how that translates to non-consulting organizations .
If your recruiting budget is the size of a luminary 's salary , it might make more sense to hire a luminary that embodies the type of team you want to build .
That luminary will probably be able to bring friends with similar philosophies and attract other candidates who are on the same page .
In that case it would be fairly simple , you consider the luminaries salary spending part of the recruiting budget .
Other luminaries may be interested in splitting their time between project work and luminary activities .
Depending on the knowledge that the luminary brings , 50 % of their time might provide enough value when combined with their recruiting contributions to justify their salary .
Luminaries can also justify their employment with their network .
Luminaries are often connected to people who are looking for feedback on bleeding edge technology .
For example , a luminary could gain early access to something such as Microsoft 's upcoming DSL solutions , MagLev , or some other type of game changing software .
Getting access to game changing software before your competition could yield great benefits .
Universities can also use luminaries to attract students the way organizations use luminaries to attract employees .
It 's clear that ThoughtWorks benefits from the Fowler Effect , but I think other organizations could also benefit more than they expect by employing a luminary .
Luminaries not only bring networks , publicity , and experience , but they also attract other talented developers .
The net result of employing a luminary and all the people they attract could be the difference between being good and being great .
Enlarge By Phil Coale , AP Ben Wang , director of Florida State 's High - performance Materials Institute , is shown in his lab in Tallahassee , Fla .
Wang and researchers at Florida State University , are developing manufacturing techniques that soon may make buckypaper competitive with the best composite materials now available .
Buckypaper is envisioned as a revolutionary material for making light , energy - efficient aircraft and automobiles , more powerful personal computers , improved television screens and a host of other products .
On the computer screen , left , is a microscopic view of buckypaper .
TALLAHASSEE , Fla . 
It 's called " buckypaper " and looks a lot like ordinary carbon paper , but do n't be fooled by the cute name or flimsy appearance .
It could revolutionize the way everything from airplanes to TVs are made .
Buckypaper is 10 times lighter but potentially 500 times stronger than steel when sheets of it are stacked and pressed together to form a composite .
Unlike conventional composite materials , though , it conducts electricity like copper or silicon and disperses heat like steel or brass .
" All those things are what a lot of people in nanotechnology have been working toward as sort of Holy Grails , " said Wade Adams , a scientist at Rice University .
That idea — that there is great future promise for buckypaper and other derivatives of the ultra-tiny cylinders known as carbon nanotubes — has been floated for years now .
However , researchers at Florida State University say they have made important progress that may soon turn hype into reality .
Buckypaper is made from tube - shaped carbon molecules 50,000 times thinner than a human hair .
Due to its unique properties , it is envisioned as a wondrous new material for light , energy - efficient aircraft and automobiles , more powerful computers , improved TV screens and many other products .
So far , buckypaper can be made at only a fraction of its potential strength , in small quantities and at a high price .
The Florida State researchers are developing manufacturing techniques that soon may make it competitive with the best composite materials now available .
" If this thing goes into production , this very well could be a very , very game - changing or revolutionary technology to the aerospace business , " said Les Kramer , chief technologist for Lockheed Martin Missiles and Fire Control , which is helping fund the Florida State research .
The scientific discovery that led to buckypaper virtually came from outer space .
In 1985 , British scientist Harry Kroto joined researchers at Rice for an experiment to create the same conditions that exist in a star .
They wanted to find out how stars , the source of all carbon in the universe , make the element that is a main building block of life .
Everything went as planned with one exception .
" There was an extra character that turned up totally unexpected , " recalled Kroto , now at Florida State heading a program that encourages the study of math , science and technology in public schools .
" It was a discovery out of left field . "
The surprise guest was a molecule with 60 carbon atoms shaped like a soccer ball .
To Kroto , it also looked like the geodesic domes promoted by Buckminster Fuller , an architect , inventor and futurist .
That inspired Kroto to name the new molecule buckminsterfullerene , or " buckyballs " for short .
For their discovery of the buckyball — the third form of pure carbon to be discovered after graphite and diamonds — Kroto and his Rice colleagues , Robert Curl Jr. and Richard E. Smalley , were awarded the Nobel Prize for chemistry in 1996 .
Separately , Japanese physicist Sumio Iijima developed a tube - shaped variation while doing research at Arizona State University .
Researchers at Smalley 's laboratory then inadvertently found that the tubes would stick together when disbursed in a liquid suspension and filtered through a fine mesh , producing a thin film — buckypaper .
The secret of its strength is the huge surface area of each nanotube , said Ben Wang , director of Florida State 's High - Performance Materials Institute .
" If you take a gram of nanotubes , just one gram , and if you unfold every tube into a graphite sheet , you can cover about two - thirds of a football field , " Wang said .
Carbon nanotubes are already beginning to be used to strengthen tennis rackets and bicycles , but in small amounts .
The epoxy resins used in those applications are 1 to 5 % carbon nanotubes , which are added in the form of a fine powder .
Buckypaper , which is a thin film rather than a powder , has a much higher nanotube content — about 50 % .
One challenge is that the tubes clump together at odd angles , limiting their strength in buckypaper .
Wang and his fellow researchers found a solution : Exposing the tubes to high magnetism causes most of them to line up in the same direction , increasing their collective strength .
Another problem is the tubes are so perfectly smooth it 's hard to hold them together with epoxy .
Researchers are looking for ways to create some surface defects — but not too many — to improve bonding .
So far , the Florida State institute has been able to produce buckypaper with half the strength of the best existing composite material , known as IM7 .
Wang expects to close the gap quickly .
" By the end of next year we should have a buckypaper composite as strong as IM7 , and it 's 35 % lighter , " Wang said .
Buckypaper now is being made only in the laboratory , but Florida State is in the early stages of spinning out a company to make commercial buckypaper .
" These guys have actually demonstrated materials that are capable of being used on flying systems , " said Adams , director of Rice 's Richard E. Smalley Institute for Nanoscale Science and Technology .
" Having something that you can hold in your hand is an accomplishment in nanotechnology . "
It takes upward of five years to get a new structural material certified for aviation use , so Wang said he expects buckypaper 's first uses will be for electromagnetic interference shielding and lightning - strike protection on aircraft .
Electrical circuits and even natural causes such as the sun or Northern Lights can interfere with radios and other electronic gear .
Buckypaper provides up to four times the shielding specified in a recent Air Force contract proposal , Wang said .
Typically , conventional composite materials have a copper mesh added for lightning protection .
Replacing copper with buckypaper would save weight and fuel .
Wang demonstrated this with a composite model plane and a stun gun .
Zapping an unprotected part of the model caused sparks to fly .
The electric jolt , though , passed harmlessly across another section shielded by a strip of buckypaper .
Other near - term uses would be as electrodes for fuel cells , super capacitors and batteries , Wang said .
Next in line , buckypaper could be a more efficient and lighter replacement for graphite sheets used in laptop computers to dissipate heat , which is harmful to electronics .
The long - range goal is to build planes , automobiles and other things with buckypaper composites .
The military also is looking at it for use in armor plating and stealth technology .
" Our plan is perhaps in the next 12 months we 'll begin maybe to have some commercial products , " Wang said .
" Nanotubes obviously are no longer just lab wonders .
They have real world potential .
It 's real . "
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
CARBONEAR , Newfoundland , Jan. 8 ( UPI ) -- A Newfoundland woman who went to a hospital complaining of kidney pain was shocked when she gave birth to a healthy baby boy soon after .
Juanita Stead , 36 , was at a New Year 's Eve party when the pain started and escalated to the point where her husband , Terry , took her to the hospital in the eastern town of Carbonear for X - rays , the Carbonear Compass reported .
Advertisement
" The technician looked at me and said , ' My dear , you 're pregnant with a full - term baby . '
And I said : ' No sir , you got the wrong woman and you 're looking at the wrong screen .
There is no way I 'm pregnant , ' " Stead told the newspaper .
She said her menstrual period had n't stopped , there was n't any morning sickness and she did n't put on extra weight .
Her other son also made an unexpected arrival on July 30 , 2006 , at the couple 's home , Stead said .
While she knew she was seven months pregnant , she was caught off guard .
" I felt like I had to go to the bathroom and out he popped , right into the toilet , " she said .
" Terry actually scooped him out of the toilet and put him in my lap until the ambulance came . "
The Iraqi journalist who threw his shoes at US president George Bush during a press conference has been beaten in custody , his brother has claimed .
Muntadar al - Zaidi was detained after hurling his shoes at Bush and calling him a " dog " during a press conference on Sunday in Baghdad .
His older brother , Dargham , told the BBC today that al - Zaidi had suffered a broken hand , ribs , suffered internal bleeding and sustained an eye injury .
According to the BBC , after the incident , al - Zaidi was detained by Iraqi authorities under the command of national security adviser Mowaffaq al - Rubaie , who also said the 28 - year - old will be prosecuted under Iraqi law .
Reuters reported the claims of a brother calling himself Maitham , that al - Zaidi was in a hospital in the heavily fortified Green Zone in Baghdad .
" All that we know is we were contacted yesterday by a person - we know him - and he told us that Muntadar was taken on Sunday to Ibn - Sina hospital , " Maitham al - Zaidi told Reuters .
" He was wounded in the head because he was hit by a rifle butt , and one of his arms was broken . "
However , the head of Iraq 's journalists ' union , Mouyyad al - Lami , told the BBC that officials had informed him al - Zaidi was being treated well and said that he hoped to visit his colleague at some stage .
Al - Zaidi hurled his shoes at Bush as an insult , his family claims , as he blamed the US president for the thousands of Iraqi deaths since the invasion of his homeland in 2003 .
He has been hailed as hero by some and rallies across the Arab world have called for the al - Baghdadia TV journalist to be released .
This is not the first time the young reporter has been the subject of news reports .
In November last year , the Shia journalist was kidnapped as he walked to work and held for more than 48 hours .
On release he said his captors , who were suspected of being al - Qaida members , had questioned him about his work and beaten him .
In January he was detained by American troops searching his building but released after a day with an apology .
Sony confirms LittleBigPlanet , MotorStorm for PSP New Assassin's Creed and Rock Band also set for handheld release in 2009
Matt Martin Tuesday 24th February 2009
Share this article Share
Sony has revealed that hit PlayStation 3 brands LittleBigPlanet and MotorStorm will be released on the PSP .
Media Molecule has hinted before that “ there 's definitely scope for a PSP version ” of the cute platformer , and the title is now scheduled for release this year .
MotorStorm : Arctic
Edge is another title hoping to breathe life into the Sony handheld , joining a 2009 line - up that also includes Resistance : Retribution and Buzz : Brain of the UK .
" There are a lot of big claims in the gaming industry but we ’re confident when we say that 2009 is going to be an exciting year for PSP , " said Mark Hardy , European marketing director , SCEE .
" Our fans have demanded big PSP titles and this year , we ’re going to deliver again and again .
With Resistance : Retribution , already on its way to stores , PSP gamers are going to get one big franchise after another . "
Other titles set for the PSP this year include a new game in the Assassin 's Creed series from Ubisoft , along with new Petz titles from the publisher .
MTV Games and Harmonix are working on Rock Band Unplugged for the PSP , and Square Enix will be releasing Dissidia : Final Fantasy in the US this summer , after selling over 850,000 units in Japan .
Comment Government claims to uphold the right of good upstanding Englishmen with cameras to snap whenever and wherever they please took a knock last week , with the publication of a letter from the Home Office setting out when these rights might be curtailed .
Vernon Coaker , the Minister for Security , Counter - terrorism , Crime and Policing wrote to Jeremy Dear , general secretary of the National Union of Journalists .
His letter , dated 3 December 2008 confirms that photography can be " limited " in public places in " special circumstances " :
He wrote : " This may be on the grounds of national security or there may be situations in which the taking of photographs may cause or lead to public order situations or inflame an already tense situation or raise security considerations .
" Additionally , the police may require a person to move on in order to prevent a breach of the peace or to avoid a public order situation or for the person ’s own safety and welfare or for the safety and welfare of others " .
Government apologists will argue that this merely restates the law as it stands .
Although there is no general prohibition on taking photographs , the law already gives the police powers to stop individuals taking photographs of " prohibited places " under the Official Secrets Act 1989 .
Police may also stop individuals and ask why they are taking photographs if they have grounds for suspecting some Terrorist motive ( s.43 - 44 , Terrorism Act 2000 ) .
Photographers may not obstruct – nor may they use the act of taking photographs as a means to harass or intimidate .
The latter issue has arisen , as police claim that some photographers accompanying demonstrations go out of their way to ‘ wind up ’ individual police offices by aggressive use of their cameras .
There are two reasons for suspecting deeper implications to this statement .
Over the last year , when asked to state categorically that individuals have a right to photograph , Home Office Ministers , from the Home Secretary on down , have signally failed to do so .
Virtually every acknowledgment of that right has been qualified , as it is here , by a rather longer catalogue of circumstances where that right may be overruled .
It is the equivalent of not quite expressing wholehearted support for a political colleague when challenged to do so by journalists .
The second and far more worrying aspect of this statement is the introduction of references to public order and breach of the peace .
Again , if used in exceptional circumstances , this changes little .
However – Scottish readers please note – the use of breach of the peace in England and Wales is at present far more limited than north of the border .
In Scotland , Police may – and frequently do – arrest individuals for breach of the peace , defined as conduct that causes any individual , including a Police officer , to feel alarmed or disturbed .
Campaigners against the use of this power argue that it is based on Common Law rather than statute and is too broadly defined and too subjective .
Typical of this wide use of breach of the peace was a recent incident , in which a man was arrested and fined for his " unchivalrous " conduct in taking a photograph of a woman who was feeling " unwell " outside a bar in the centre of Edinburgh .
This incident contrasts sharply with one that took place earlier in the year in England , where police admitted that they had been wrong to cite possible breach of the peace as a reaon for preventing a photographer taking photographs of someone threatening to commit suicide .
As it is Christmas , we shall be charitable and assume that Vernon Coaker has no ulterior motive for responding in the way he does – and that his words should be taken at face value .
Certainly , it could have nothing to do with a Home Office attempt to prevent photographers publicising incidents of the sort recorded here . ®
The preparations are still going on , but Republicans are already planning on heading out of town for the big day .
Republicans to flee D.C. for Inauguration
While millions descend on Washington for the historic Inauguration of Barack Obama on Jan. 20 , some Republicans see it as an occasion to get out of town .
Out of power on both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue and mostly out of favor on K Street , many emasculated elephants in the GOP herd will begin the Age of Obama with what amounts to an extended holiday vacation .
Instead of fighting the quadrennial cold and what are expected to be record - setting crowds , they 're heading out to greener pastures , with better temperatures , less hassle and more agreeable company .
Advertisement
“ What better way to mark the Obama Inauguration ( and his millions of adoring fans that will be in D.C. ) than to get out of town to fabulous Las Vegas ! ” Charlie Spies , a Republican lawyer and former CFO to Mitt Romney ’s campaign wrote in a blast e-mail to GOP friends .
“ We hope you can join us for dinner and a fun evening on Monday , Jan. 19 , to celebrate the last few hours of our Republican president in the White House . ”
Spies and his wife Lisa , a Republican fundraiser , have gotten about 15 takers so far for this last supper or , as they billed it in the e-mail , their own “ Inaugural in Exile . ”
They ’re far from alone .
Others will usher in the new era from the slopes , the islands , the NFL playoffs and even on a serendipitously timed honeymoon .
Full Democratic control of Washington may be a bitter pill , but it ’s easier to get down from a lodge , beach , 50 - yard - line or , especially , honeymoon suite .
One Bush administration official who is heading to the Italian Alps explained the logic with precision in an e-mail : “ 1 . I am out of a job on Jan 20 at noon , no better time to take a vacation .
2 . I like skiing , and have not seen my whole family in almost a year , no better time to get home and ski for a week .
3 . Why bunker up and be in this town for that week , when we all know that [ the crowds ] will be worse than [ the ] Cherry Blossom [ Festival ] or Memorial Day ? ”
Good capitalists that they are , some of these Republicans are among the Washingtonians looking to rent out their homes to well - heeled Democrats who will pony up for a place to stay .
One GOP aide to a well - known conservative despised by Democrats is hoping to head up to New York City and make a few bucks in the process — but is taking a page from Reagan ’s “ trust but verify ” mantra .
“ I want to rent my place out but do n’t put my name next to that in case I do — do n’t want people knowing they are staying in a [ REDACTED ] staffer ’s place and trash[ing ] the joint . ”
Greg Crist , a GOP lobbyist who was willing to be named , said , “ I will be pondering the future of my party at a remote location , aided in the conversation by my friend Jack Daniels . ”
Other Republicans , of course , are more open about their plans .
“ I just booked my flight to Switzerland this morning , ” crowed Jason Roe , a veteran GOP Hill staffer and campaign operative who now plies his trade on K Street but will , along with his wife , Patty , trade loafers for a snowboard that week .
“ As a lobbyist , I thought a neutral country like Switzerland would be appropriate . "
Another Republican couple is taking a highly optimistic approach to the Inauguration .
“ Personally , the Snyders are embracing destiny and are looking forward to celebrating a truly historic weekend and coronation — not speaking of Obama , but rather Westbrook , McNabb and Dawkins , ” said Pete Snyder , a GOP Internet consulting executive and Keystone State native .
“ It 's NFC Championship Weekend and we plan on being in Charlotte , the ATL or Phoenix to flap our wings and cheer on the Eagles , a true team of destiny as they continue their improbable run to the Super Bowl . ”
Snyder said the playoff trip is being financed , fittingly , by inaugural weekend tenants in the Capitol Hill condo of his wife , Burson , a longtime GOP congressional aide .
And , yes , there is a backup plan .
“ If the Birds blow it , the Chapman family from Mississippi will be financing my bender in Vegas at the Wynn sports book and bar , ” said Snyder .
“ I 'll be rooting against whoever bounced the Birds . ”
Kevin Sheridan , who served as spokesman for President Bush ’s second inaugural in 2005 , is heading to an undisclosed island in the Caribbean .
“ The Inauguration of Barack Obama will be a great moment for our country and the planners have a major logistical feat to pull off , ” said Sheridan .
“ I figure I ’m leaving a little extra room for my Democrat friends to enjoy it up close . ”
Plenty of Republicans , of course , will stick around for the festivities .
But few formal soirees have yet to spring up as they did following Bill Clinton 's swearing - in in 1993 ( “ Mourning in America : A Thousand Pints of Lite ” ) and 1997 ( Mourning in America II : Feel our Pain ” ) .
Anti-tax crusader Grover Norquist , who will take in the parade from the traditional inaugural party in conservative columnist Robert D. Novak ’s Pennsylvania Avenue penthouse , put on a brave face in explaining the absence of a “ counter - inaugural ” this year .
“ The good news is the reason for this is that all the folks who would have taken the time to do it are already rebuilding , ” he assured .
Other longtime Republicans mix a civic - minded approach with professional obligation in explaining why they ’re staying for the traditional rite of government .
“ I 'm chasing ball tickets , swearing - in tickets , hotel rooms , reservations , invites — what 's new ? ” said Robbie Aiken , a veteran GOP lobbyist who has participated in every Inauguration since he was a staffer on Reagan ’s first , in 1981 .
“ That 's what Washington people are supposed to do , and I 'm glad to help , with a smile , as usual . ”
“ I ’ll be in town , going to events , taking care of clients , ” said Republican lobbyist Juleanna Glover , who is planning a big , bipartisan party at her Kalorama home for the occasion .
“ It makes no sense to me [ to leave town ] . ”
Ryan Patmintra , press secretary to Sen. Jon Kyl ( R - Ariz . ) , has a good excuse .
“ Not only will I be down in Tampa getting married the weekend before the Inauguration , but I 'll be halfway across the world and hopefully sipping on a drink out of a coconut on the beaches in Phuket , Thailand , when our new president is being sworn in , ” he said with no small amount of glee .
And Patmintra will , not surprisingly , have some D.C. company at his January wedding down in the Sunshine State , including Tucker Bounds , late of the McCain campaign ’s press shop .
“ I will also be witnessing an historic ceremony — it ’ll just have beach weather , cocktails and no gift ban , ” said Bounds .
“ We have auctioned billions in credit - default swap positions in our C.D.O. liquidation business , ” Mr. Farrell said , “ and what we have learned is that the carnage we are witnessing now would have been much more contained , to use that overworked word , without credit - default swaps . ”
The bankers who invented the synthetics for J. P. Morgan say they kept only the highest - quality and most bulletproof portions of their product in - house , known as the super senior slice .
They quickly sold anything riskier to firms that were willing to take on the dangers of ownership in exchange for fatter fees .
“ In 1997 and 1998 , when we invented super senior risk , we spent a lot of time examining how much is too much to have on our books , ” said Blythe Masters , who was on the small team that invented the synthetic C.D.O. and is now head of commodities at JPMorgan Chase .
“ We would warehouse risk for a period of time , but we were always focused on developing a market for whatever we did .
The idea was we were financial intermediaries .
We were n’t in the investment business . ”
Image In 1997 , J. P. Morgan bankers like Blythe Masters , left , and William Winters served on a small team that pioneered synthetic C.D.O.s. Credit ... Richard Sheinwald / Bloomberg News , left ; Douglas Fry / Cazenove Group , via Bloomberg News
For years , the product that Ms. Masters and her colleagues invented remained just a mechanism for offloading risk in high - grade corporate lending .
But as often occurs with Wall Street alchemy , a good idea started to be misused  and a product initially devised to insulate against risk soon morphed into a device that actually concentrated dangers .
This shift began in 2002 , when low interest rates pushed investors to seek higher returns .
“ Investors said , ‘ I do n’t want to be in equities anymore and I ’m not getting any return in my bond positions , ’ ” said William T. Winters , co-chief executive of JPMorgan ’s investment bank and a colleague of Ms. Masters on the team that invented the first synthetic .
“ Two things happened .
They took more and more leverage , and they reached for riskier asset classes .
Give me yield , give me leverage , give me return . ”
A few years ago , of course , some of the biggest returns were being harvested in the riskier reaches of the mortgage market .
As C.D.O. ’s and other forms of bundled mortgages were pooled nationwide , banks , investors and rating agencies all claimed that the risk of owning such packages was softened because of the broad diversity of loans in each pool .
China 's last inheritress of the mysterious Nushu language , probably the world 's only female - specific language , died at her central China home earlier this week .
She was in her 90s .
Yang Huanyi learned to read and write the language as a little girl .
Chinese linguists say her death has put an end to a 400 - year - old tradition in which women shared their innermost feelings with female friends through a set of codes that were incomprehensible to men .
Yang was born in Jiangyong County , where many people believe the language originated .
Before her marriage , she used to exchange letters in Nushu with Gao Yinxian , the eldest of the seven sworn sisters in the county who were the most authoritative speakers and writers of the female - only language .
Though Yang herself did not join the sworn sisters , she did spend three years with them to learn the language , and became its only surviving inheritress by the end of the 1990s , after all the seven sisters had passed away .
Since then she had been dubbed " living fossil of the women - specific language " by linguists .
Until her death on September 20 , it remained a mystery as to how old Yang was .
During an interview with Xinhua in the summer of 2002 , she said she was 94 .
Authorities in her hometown , however , said she was 98 when she died .
Zhao Liming , a specialist with Tsinghua University , said Yang was born in 1909 .
It is often hard to tell the actual age of elderly Chinese people because many are accustomed to giving their " nominal age , " which is one to two years ahead of the actual age .
A baby 's " nominal age " is considered to be one year old at birth and becomes two at the beginning of the very next year .
Yang was invited to Beijing in 1995 to attend the United Nations Fourth World Conference on Women .
The letters , poems and prose she wrote were collected and compiled by linguists of the Beijing - based Tsinghua University into a book that was published early this year .
Though some linguists are working hard to learn the female language , experts say Yang was more authoritative and her writing was more standard , original and unaffected by Putonghua , or standard Chinese or Han language , in which she was totally illiterate .
None of Yang 's children and grandchildren inherited her proficiency in the unique language .
The gracefully - written rhombic Nushu characters are structured by just four kinds of strokes , including dot , horizontal , virgule and arc , and can be spoken in dialect to describe women 's misfortunes and inner feelings .
Some experts presume that the language is related to inscriptions on animal bones and tortoise shells of the Yin Ruins from more than 3,000 years ago , but no conclusions have been reached as to when the language originated .
Besides the central Hunan Province , the language was also used in some areas of southern China 's Guangxi Zhuang Autonomous Region .
Nushu manuscripts are extremely rare because , according to the local custom , they were supposed to be burnt or buried with the dear departed in sacrifice .
The language , among the first to enter the national list of China 's ancient cultural heritage , has aroused keen attention from worldwide scholars .
At least 100 surviving manuscripts are abroad , according to archive keepers in Hunan Province .
China has stepped up preservation of the language since the 1990s amid assiduous efforts to better protect the country 's traditional culture in a globalized society .
The Hunan provincial archives have collected handkerchiefs , aprons , scarves and handbags embroidered with Nushu characters , manuscripts written on paper or fans , and calligraphic works .
" We have collected 303 artifacts bearing the rare language during five trips to Yongjiang County , birthplace of the female language , over the past year , " said Liu Gening , head of the provincial archives .
" The oldest of them dates back to the late Qing Dynasty in the early 1900s , and the most recent pieces are from the 1960s or 1970s . "
Among their collections are calligraphic works by Zhou Shuoyi , a retiree in Jiangyong County who is believed to be the first man to learn the language in China .
Zhou , after half a century of study , compiled a dictionary of Nushu last year at the age of 79 .
The dictionary , which contains all the 1,800 ancient characters of the language , has complete stylistic rules and a layout with pronunciation , glossary and grammar and is arranged in international phonetic symbol order .
Each Nushu character is followed by phonetic notation , notes , a corresponding Chinese character and example sentences .
( Xinhua News Agency September 24 , 2004 )
( Fortune Magazine ) --
It 's the tail end of the rainy season in the farthest reaches of the South Pacific , and a wind - blown mist falls on the planet 's most remote civilization , Rapa Nui , known as Easter Island .
Sonia Haoa , a 55 - year - old native with olive skin and a long ponytail pulled through a baseball cap , pokes the earth with a walking stick as she considers the scene before her .
Millions of black lava rocks are strewn across a rolling pasture that glistens against an ominous sky .
Where untrained eyes would see only randomness in the tableau , the haphazard spew of some ancient volcano , Haoa , like the John Nash character in " A Beautiful Mind , " sees intricate patterns .
She explains that the size and placement of the rocks vary according to elevation , microclimate , and proximity to the sea .
The patterns offer clues about her ancestors ' incredible and tragic history : where they lived , what they ate , even their socioeconomic status .
" You have a garden , and a depression , a garden , and a depression , " Haoa says , highlighting several groupings of stones .
She speaks softly with a heavy Spanish accent .
Her kind eyes and gentle tone have earned her a nickname : the Dali Mama .
" In the middle there , there 's an Ahu , " she adds , using the Rapanui word for the stage built to hold an iconic Moai statue ( pronounced mo�-eye ) .
The rocks speak to Haoa about how the ancients narrowly avoided extinction through equal parts desperation and ingenuity .
They also remind her of how much work she has left to do .
The island 's coordinator of national monuments , Haoa is on a quixotic mission to survey every last piece of archaeology scattered around these 64 square miles of volcanic earth .
As her homeland has catapulted from the Stone Age to modernity over the past two decades , attracting ever greater numbers of tourists and straining the fragile infrastructure , she 's been quietly cataloging everything from ancient boathouses , the primitive dwellings that her ancestors built on lava foundations , to human remains , scores of buried statues , and man-made " rock gardens . "
It may seem like a purely academic exercise , but it 's not .
Easter Island 's economy is inextricably tied to its mysterious past .
Tourists come to glimpse the awesome Moai , which stand up to 30 feet tall and weigh as much as 90 tons .
The visitors bring money to Rapa Nui - a territory of Chile almost 2,500 miles from the nearest populated landmass - along with pressure to develop grander hotels and restaurants , medical tourism resorts , and even a casino .
But developing here is unimaginably complex .
Besides the extreme isolation , copious artifacts lie buried a scratch beneath the surface .
As the person with the most complete map of all that archaeology , Haoa has become the gatekeeper through whom developers increasingly must pass .
A huge task
For years Haoa 's quest to map her homeland has been a lonely one .
Her title may sound impressive , but her work involves trudging along steep slopes in torrential rain and blistering sunshine , back and forth , sketching artifacts with a few young researchers who sleep in tents at the farthest corners of the world for days at a time .
Their output has been modest : stacks of paper , line drawings , and spreadsheets - an analog system that hampered Haoa 's ability to mark progress .
That is , until two years ago , when she met a man who would change the course of her work forever .
Pete Kelsey came to Rapa Nui mainly looking for some R&R. A technical evangelist for the San Rafael , Calif. , software company Autodesk ( ADSK ) , he was consulting with customers in Buenos Aires and Santiago in February 2007 .
With more than $ 2 billion in annual revenue , Autodesk is a design software firm best known in the world of architecture , but its clients make everything from videogames to running shoes .
Kelsey 's division produces AutoCAD Civil3D , civil - engineering software for land , transportation , and environmental development .
He travels the world scouting for opportunities and consulting with the likes of Exxon Mobil and federal governments .
But this time he brought GPS equipment and a laptop mainly because he thought it'd be cool to survey such a mysterious location .
" I went on holiday , thinking this is a place I need to see before I die , " says Kelsey , a gangly music junkie with a baritone that would make a drive - time deejay jealous .
" But I also thought there has to be someone here who would benefit from the kind of technology we have .
That led me to Sonia . "
Before meeting Kelsey , Haoa had been resolved that she 'd never finish the survey of the island in her lifetime , that the secrets of her ancestors would die with her , and that developers would plow the sacred gardens .
And then Kelsey turned her pencil sketches into digital renderings .
He introduced her to the best technology he could find , from laser scanners and GPS receivers to the latest AutoCAD development software .
He showed her how to plot the locations of artifacts directly into a computer and add metadata , descriptions , and elevations .
Not only could she easily keep track of which parts of the island had been surveyed , but she could search for , say , rock gardens greater than 50 feet long , and see that they all appeared within 100 yards of the ocean .
Haoa had been working in two dimensions .
Kelsey gave her a third .
" The first time I showed this to Sonia , she burst into tears , " Kelsey remembers .
" She said , ' You can do that ?
That would take me six weeks running through pages of paper . ' "
US nuke boffins say they have seen the future of multicore computing , and it is troubled .
Researchers at the Sandia national lab say that their projections indicate that performance gains flatten out badly after quad cores and cease altogether after eight - and beyond that point , performance actually worsens as more cores are packed onto a processor chip .
According to the Sandia boffins , the issue is that as numbers of cores increase , access to the information to be processed becomes more difficult .
Performance gains extrapolated from Moore 's famous Law can't be sustained .
" Multicore gives chip manufacturers something to do with the extra transistors successfully predicted by Moore 's Law , " says Sandia 's Arun Rodrigues .
" The bottleneck now is getting the data off the chip to or from memory or the network . "
Rodrigues and his colleagues ran simulations which indicated that a 16 - core unit would actually perform " barely as well " as a dual - core one .
" To some extent , it is pointing out the obvious — many of our applications have been memory - bandwidth - limited even on a single core , " says Rodrigues .
" However , it is not an issue to which industry has a known solution , and the problem is often ignored . "
The Sandia boffins say that multicore systems have successfully taken supercomputing into the petaflop ( a quadrillion floating - point operations per second ) era , but they are n't going to break the exaflop barrier without something new .
" The [ chip design ] community did n't go with multicores because they were without flaw , " says Mike Heroux , another Sandia computing brainbox .
" The community could n't see a better approach .
It was desperate .
Presently we are seeing memory system designs that provide a dramatic improvement over what was available 12 months ago , but the fundamental problem still exists . "
The Sandia lab is partnered with the Oak Ridge lab , home to the world - number - two - ranked " Jaguar " petaflop machine , on an exaflop push called the Institute for Advanced Architectures .
The Sandia boffins say that the Jaguar is based on their Red Storm design , and that they have a " large investment in message - passing programs " which " may help solve the multicore dilemma " .
The US Department of Energy , which operates the Sandia , Oak Ridge and other American nuke labs , has traditionally been interested in supercomputing in order to simulate atomic warhead performance .
The idea is that very accurate sims using huge amounts of computing power will allow the US nuke arsenal to be maintained in reliable condition without the use of live tests .
There 's more on the multicore research from Sandia here . ®
RESOURCES
Check out this extensive and growing library full of inspirational eco-news stories on innovations .
Also , we open - source our in - house research , educational tools and lesson plans .
Focusing on green inventions and pollution reduction , we incorporate perspectives and incentives from everywhere possible .
Global to local , multi-sector , up and down the ladder , mailroom to boardroom , youth to senior … enjoy discovering how caring and adaptable humanity is !
Atifa Bibi , an Afghan school girl , recovers in a hospital after two men on a motorbike threw acid on her and seven other girls in Kandahar , Afghanistan on Wednesday .
(( Allauddin Khan / Associated Press ) )
Three Afghan girls in a group of eight walking to school in Kandahar City were seriously burned Wednesday when two men on a motorcycle threw acid on them .
Six of the eight were taken to hospital .
Three were treated and released .
Two girls who were wearing full - length burkas were not harmed .
Some of the girls wore a typical Afghan school uniform — black pants , a white shirt , black coat and white head scarf .
Athifa Bibi , 14 , said from her hospital bed that two men rode up to the girls and threw the acid while they were walking to school .
Bibi had burns on her face , which was covered in medical cream .
" One guy squirted acid from a bottle on us , " she said .
" Nobody warned us .
Nobody threatened us .
We do n't have any enemies , " she said , adding that she is now afraid to go back to school .
Attack 'an act of desperation '
" This is a sophisticated , dangerous and complicated land with some fascinating people , some of whom are not keen that we ’re here , " said Gen. Andrew Leslie , head of Canada 's land forces .
" This story will spread through Afghanistan and the Taliban , our foe , will not win any friends by the tale of two young thugs scattering acid on two young girls trying to get an education , " Leslie said .
" There 's no upside for them on this , so it 's an act of desperation . "
Canada 's ambassador to Afghanistan , Ron Hoffman , said the increasing attacks were desperate acts of rebellion against progress .
" And it 's for that reason , as the Afghan government continues to stregthen , the institutions strengthen and they move to the next presidential elections , as more and more girls do go to school , that over time , I think , there is a high degree of confidence among the Afghans themselves .
They will regain momentum for their country , " he said in an interview with CBC - TV's Politics .
Girls were banned from schools under the Taliban 's hardline Islamist regime , which ruled Afghanistan from 1996 to 2001 .
Bibi's family had not received any threats not to send the girl to school , said Bibi Meryam , the child 's aunt .
But the family would now consider keeping her at home as a precautionary measure until the security situation improved , she said .
The Afghan government condemned the attack , saying in a statement that it was " un-Islamic . "
The statement said the attack was perpetrated by the " country 's enemies , " a reference normally used to describe Taliban militants .
" By such actions , they cannot prevent six million children going to school , " the statement said .
Taliban spokesman Qari Yousef Ahmazi denied that the insurgents were involved .
" We totally deny it .
We did n't do this thing , " said Qari Yousaf Asmazi .
" I do n't like these incidents to occur with civilians .
Warner Music Pitches Music Tax To Universities : You Pay , We Stop Suing
from the pay - us - not - to - sue dept
" This presentation belongs to someone outside our company and represents that individual 's interpretation of issues discussed at meetings held several months ago .
It was not made by me or anyone at Warner Music Group .
Of course , we are actively engaged with universities and other parties to seek a constructive resolution to a complex issue - how to assure artists appropriate compensation while enabling the widespread dissemination of their work among fans .
Therefore , we are undertaking an effort to develop new voluntary business models that seek something other than - and we believe , better than - a litigation - based approach .
This is exactly the type of solution that several universities and their associations have been asking for .
We recognize that there are many different potential solutions to this issue , and we are determined to continue to think creatively and cooperatively with other parties in order to find the best ones .
At this early stage , many ideas may be discussed and discarded , but efforts to prematurely label or criticize the process only hinder achievement of constructive solutions . "
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Back in March , we noted that Warner Music Group had hired Jim Griffin , a music industry guy who has been pushing the concept of a " blanket license " for file sharing .
The idea would be to get various ISPs to simply add an additional fee tointernet access , have that money go into a pool that the recording industry would be responsible for paying out -- and then let people have free reign for file sharing .
This is a bad idea for a variety of reasons .
It 's basically a music tax -- allowing the record industry to be lazy .
Someone else gets to go out and collect all this money and hand it over to the industry to distribute ( or , actually , not distribute ) .
It effectively sets the business model of the recording industry in stone , and harms better more innovative business models by inserting the recording industry ( and not the musicians ) into a role where they do n't belong .
We had n't heard much about this music tax lately , but apparently Griffin has been focused on getting universities to buy into the plan first .
An anonymous reader passed on some details , saying that Columbia , Stanford , University of Chicago , University of Washington , MIT , University of Colorado , University of Michigan , Cornell , Penn State , University of California at Berkeley and University of Virginia have expressed interest and talks are under way .
A basic presentation that 's being given to these universities is below ( if you 're reading via another site , click through to see it ) : There 's obviously something appealing about ending the lawsuits and letting people file share freely .
But , it 's quite problematic to add an effective " tax " when none is necessary .
Plenty of other business models , such as those we 've outlined here and elsewhere can suffice to fund the creation of music .
On top of that , giving the proceeds of this tax to the very industry that has so badly mismanaged musicians for so many years is a travesty -- sort of like bailing out the failed auto industry or banking industry .
The presentation says that a nonprofit has been set up to handle the money , claiming that it 's " to be clear we intend to operate with good intentions and not profit as a motive , " but given the way the industry has acted in the past , that 's difficult to take at face value .
Also , this isn ' ta license .
It 's a " covenant not to sue " -- meaning that lawsuits could still result .
Of course , while the introduction frames this as a " voluntary " blanket licensing program , the presentation also mentions that they 'll need some way to getISPs and universities to buy into the plan , or they 'll have to work out a way to " avoid massive leakage . "
So , basically , it 's not voluntary at all .
It 's either join , or get saddled with significant limitations .
In other words : all ISPs and universities need to agree to pay a huge tax to the very industry that has n't been able to adapt , and then trust them to distribute the funds fairly . :
Warner Music got in touch and sent us a statement concerning this presentation from Jim Griffin :
Filed Under : jim griffin , music tax , universities
Companies : warner music group
To honor Oliver Sacks , the doctor , writer and professor of neurology , psychiatry and the arts at Columbia University , on his 75th birthday , the Committee of Small Body Nomenclature of the International Astronomical Union is presenting him with a citation stating that asteroid 84928 will be known as Oliversacks .
The asteroid , discovered in 2003 , is about two miles in diameter and orbits the sun every five years .
The citation honors Dr. Sacks as a writer whose “ descriptions of people confronting neurological challenges such as Parkinson ’s disease and Alzheimer ’s , and his books about the brain , botany , chemistry , and music , have inspired generations of doctors , patients and readers around the world . ”
TRIESTE , Italy , Dec. 3 ( UPI ) --
An Italian man said his car 's satellite navigation system guided him to make a right turn that led his car to roll down two flights of stairs in Trieste .
The man told police he was headed for his 40 - year high school reunion at a restaurant in the city and was following the directions of his satellite navigation system when he made the right turn onto the stairs , ANSA reported Tuesday .
Advertisement
The vehicle came to rest one flight of stairs from the end of the decline .
He said police told him he could drive his car down the remaining stairs , but he chose instead to have his car brought back to the road by a special tow truck to avoid further damage to the vehicle .
The man said the situation took about 90 minutes to resolve and he was able to make it to his reunion party on time .
PARIS  The International Committee of the Red Cross said Thursday it had discovered “ shocking ” scenes  including small children next to their mothers ’ corpses  when its representatives gained access for the first time to parts of Gaza battered by Israeli shelling .
It accused Israel of failing to meet obligations to care for the wounded in areas of combat .
In response , the Israeli military did not comment directly on the allegation .
In a statement , it accused Hamas , its foe in Gaza , of deliberately using “ Palestinian civilians as human shields ” and said the Israeli Army “ works in close cooperation with international aid organizations during the fighting so that civilians can be provided with assistance . ”
The Israeli military “ in no way intentionally targets civilians and has demonstrated its willingness to abort operations to save civilian lives and to risk injury in order to assist innocent civilians , ” the statement said , promising that “ any serious allegation ” would “ need to be investigated properly , once such a complaint is received formally , within the constraints of the current military operation . ”
In an unusually blunt criticism , the Geneva - based International Committee of the Red Cross said it had been seeking access to shell - damaged areas in Zeitoun in the east of Gaza City since Saturday but the Israeli authorities granted permission only on Wednesday  the first day that Israel allowed a three - hour lull in the attacks on Gaza on humanitarian grounds .
There has been recent circulation of the older view that it is World War II , as a kind of giant public works project , which ended the Great Depression .
This claim is not consistent with our best knowledge of the subject .
To survey the cutting edge of the literature briefly :
Christina Romer writes :
This paper examines the role of aggregate demand stimulus in ending the
Great Depression .
A simple calculation indicates that nearly all of the
observed recovery of the U.S. economy prior to 1942 was due to monetary
expansion .
Huge gold inflows in the mid- and late - 1930s swelled the
U.S. money stock and appear to have stimulated the economy by lowering
real interest rates and encouraging investment spending and purchases
of durable goods .
The finding that monetary developments were crucial
to the recovery implies that self - correction played little role in the
growth of real output between 1933 and 1942 .
Here is another interesting paper on the topic ; it focuses on productivity issues and mean reversion .
Here is from a paper by Cullen and Fishback :
We examine whether local economies that were the centers of federal
spending on military mobilization experienced more rapid growth in
consumer economic activity than other areas .
We have combined
information from a wide variety of sources into a data set that allows
us to estimate a reduced - form relationship between retail sales per
capita growth ( 1939 - 1948 , 1939-1954 , 1939-1958 ) and federal war
spending per capita from 1940 through 1945 .
The results show that the
World War II spending had virtually no effect on the growth rates in
consumption that we examined .
Further debunking of the WWII idea can be found in this paper by Robert Higgs , who stresses the difference between standard gdp measures and actual economic welfare .
I also find the experience of the Latin American economies convincing .
The economic recovery of Argentina , for instance , clearly was due to monetary policy , not fiscal policy , which remained tight throughout the period of recovery .
Mexico recovered from the Great Depression relatively quickly and this history also does not fit the fiscal policy view .
Later on , most of the Latin economies experienced commodity booms because of wartime demands and again this was not fiscal policy and of course they were not fighting the war themselves .
The two countries where fiscal policy played a significant role in recovery are , not surprisingly , Germany and Japan and here I am referring to their prewar spending .
~ Here are 23 mp3 files of pieces of the late great John Bonham 's drum Polar Studios Closes Forever
tracks that were floating around the internet some time ago .
Most of these files are NOT the
~ They are bits of the drum tracks , JUST the drum tracks from the album final mixes used on the albums .
" In Through the Out Door " that was released back in 1979 .
BonhamFile01 BonhamFile07 BonhamFile13 BonhamFile19
~ I missed downloading 'em the first time around , so I scoured the internet BonhamFile02 BonhamFile08 BonhamFile14 BonhamFile20
and found 'em !!
At least these are all the ones I was ever told existed !
BonhamFile03 BonhamFile09 BonhamFile15 BonhamFile21
~ I figured you would like to hear them so I 'm posting the files here on this BonhamFile04 BonhamFile10 BonhamFile16 BonhamFile22
page for you to listen and download for your enjoyment .
BonhamFile05 BonhamFile11 BonhamFile17 BonhamFile23
~ Just click on the link to open in your default mp3 player to hear the files .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
~ Right click the link and click " Save Target As " to save a copy to your PC .
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
~ I 'll bet these files will be all but impossible to find someday .
' Cept here !! - - - - - -
- - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
Cool John Bonham Related Links : V NEW V
We will be holding our annual summer program at The College of New Jersey in Ewing Township NJ .
Our first session for students in grades 4 and 5 will be held from July 11th through July 16th .
Our second session for students in grades 6 , 7 , 8 , and 9 will be held from July 21st through July 26th .
Each session consists of six days of math contests ( individual questions , team questions , relay questions , and speed questions ) as well as a series of lectures on various mathematical topics .
Last summer , approximately 300 students from China , Canada , and the United States attended our program .
Eligibility requirements are as follows :
For grades 4 or 5 , a score of 24 or higher on our contests for those grade levels .
For students in grades 6 , 7 , 8 , and 9 from July 23rd through July 28th at The College of New Jersey .
Eligibility for grades 6 , 7 , and 8 require a score of 30 or higher on our contests for those grade levels or a score of 26 or higher on our algebra 1 contest ; for grade 9 , a cumulative score of 30 or higher on our six high school contests or a score of 26 or higher on our algebra 1 contest .
Please note :
We will also consider applications from students who have not participated in our contests but have demonstrated mathematical talent via other contests or activities .
During the past four summers , we have had speakers from such schools as Princeton University , The Institute for Advanced Study , Columbia University , Rutgers University , and Williams College .
A complete list of speakers as well as additional information about our program may be found at https://www.mathleague.com/ index.php/31- mathleaguewebsite/general/261- math-league-competitions
For information about applying to this program , please send emails
This email address is being protected from spambots .
You need JavaScript enabled to view it .
Russia and Ukraine appear to have agreed on gas rates Russia has resumed gas supplies to Ukraine and Europe , raising hopes of an end to weeks of shortages .
Officials confirmed that gas had reached Ukraine , Hungary , Slovakia and Bulgaria - some of the countries worst hit by the disruption to supplies .
The move comes after the Russian and Ukrainian prime ministers agreed a new contract on the price of gas .
Millions of Europeans have been without heat since the failure to renew the old contract , which expired on 1 January .
See map of countries hit by gas dispute EU states import a quarter of their gas from Russia and 80 % of supplies come via Ukraine .
Almost 20 countries in Europe have been affected by the dispute .
Some countries , including Bulgaria and Slovakia , rely almost entirely on Russia for gas , pumped via Ukraine .
They have had to shut down industrial plants and domestic heating systems , find alternative sources of gas or switch energy plants to oil .
People have struggled to heat homes and schools .
EU Commission President Jose Manuel Barroso said the Europe could not allow a repeat of the gas stand - off .
" We have to stop simply talking about energy security in Europe , and start doing something about it , " he said .
' European ' rates Earlier on Tuesday , a spokesman for Russia 's gas company Gazprom , Boris Sapozhnikov , said the gas flow was restarted at around 1030 Moscow time ( 0730 GMT ) .
Ukraine confirmed it was receiving gas , and was building up pressure in the system .
" We will do our best to make it flow toward Europe as soon as possible , " a spokesman said .
There is no reason to believe that the situation with payments will improve after a significant price rise
Gazprom chief Alexei Miller
Europe still faces gas quandary Press doubt end to ' gas war ' Q&A : Russia - Ukraine gas row Officials said it could take up to 36 hours to pump gas across Ukraine , before proper service was resumed to customers further down the pipeline .
But after several false dawns , the EU would only " be fully satisfied after three or four days of supplies to Europe , " said Czech minister Martin Riman , speaking for the EU .
Gas flows were resumed after Russia and Ukraine finally agreed prices at which Ukraine would buy Russian gas , and ship it to European customers .
Previously Ukraine has paid a heavily discounted rate .
But Gazprom confirmed that Ukraine would start paying the market rate - with a 20 % discount for the rest of this year .
Vladimir Putin said he hoped the deal would mean better ties with Ukraine Gazprom said that would initially mean a fee of $ 360 per 1,000 cubic metres .
That compares to the market rate paid by European customers of about $ 450 - but is a major hike for Ukraine , which until December was paying only $ 179.50 .
However , the price will drop in line with falling gas prices .
By midsummer , Ukraine could be paying as little as $ 150 , one expert said .
Ukrainian Prime Minister Yulia Tymoshenko said Kiev would end up paying less than $ 250 , on average , over the course of 2009 .
Future uncertain However , Bohdan Sokolovsky , energy adviser to Ukrainian President Viktor Yushchenko - a bitter rival of the prime minister - criticised the deal , saying it favoured Russia and would impose hardship on Ukraine .
And , although the deal lasts for 10 years , the fine - print remains unknown - leading to fears that the row could flare up again in the future , says the BBC's Gabriel Gatehouse in Kiev .
Gazprom said the deal allowed it to demand that Ukraine pay for gas in advance if it misses just one payment .
Missed payments were one of the issues that sparked the row , and Gazprom says Ukraine still owes it $ 600 m in fines .
" There is no reason to believe that the situation with payments will improve after a significant price rise , " Gazprom 's chief Alexei Miller warned .
Nevertheless , Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin expressed hope that the compromise between the two countries " will allow us to build long - term , reliable and stable relations " with Ukraine and Europe .
As gas flows restarted , the EU 's energy commissioner said he had no grounds to support Russia 's claims that Ukraine had been stealing gas on its way to Europe - one of Russia 's justifications for cutting supplies .
" I have no evidence that Ukraine took gas without permission , " Andris Piebalgs said at a press conference in the Ukrainian capital , Kiev .
Reported shortages Wider gas network Show labels Back to top
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The Norwegians told police their GPS directed them deep into the Mare slum complex , where they pulled up next to a long - haired , tattooed pedestrian wearing a bandanna and carrying a sub- machinegun , wound down their window and asked : " Bottlo ? "
Unfortunately , the Norwegian word for bottle shop is Portuguese for : " Are you a girl ? "
Killingtveit drove to safety despite being wounded .
He told relatives in Norway that there was a fault in the car 's GPS , the Norwegian daily Dagbladet reported .
GPS units may be evolving into some form of artificial intelligence , scientists warn .
While it is too early to say for certain , directing people into dangerous slums could indicate the early stages of a GPS sense of humour .
" It 's very slapstick and unsophisticated at this stage , " an artificial intelligence expert told The Sun- Herald by satellite phone from a slum in Kolkata , where he had ended up after setting out for a Spotlight store at Birkenhead Point .
" Hopefully , they 'll quickly move on to a ' post - ironic ' stage and think it 's funny to send us where we want to go . "
Australians should be wary if their GPS - directed journey takes considerably longer than expected , the Roads and Traffic Authority has warned .
Other danger signs include : - A trip involving a long sea voyage ; -
The navigator 's voice taking on a villainous South American accent and referring to the driver as " gringo " ;
- A large proportion of pedestrians playing barefoot soccer with a ball made from scrunched up bits of newspaper and / or beach volleyball while wearing micro bikinis .
In the last instance , drivers should phone police immediately as they are likely to be in Rio , or worse , Bondi Beach , where statistics say there is a high probability that their car will be vomited on by a backpacker from Stoke - on - Trent .
Environmentalists have raised fears for the safety of Australian wildlife , as researchers increasingly use transmitters linked to GPS tracking units to keep track of animals .
Twelve koalas near Gunnedah were fitted with collars last month .
It is feared rogue GPS units could send subliminal messages to the animals , directing koalas into wombat burrows , wombats into the ocean and sharks up gum trees .
" Interesting concept , " said a spokesman for the Australian Tourism Authority .
" I can see the ad campaign now : ' Leave your comfort zone . '
I think it 's got legs . "
Any sharks noticing a distinct lack of seals , surfers or water in their nearby surroundings should call the RSPCA .
Londoners are also at risk if GPS units fail on a mass scale , with a recent survey showing that even with the help of GPS navigation , residents of the British capital get lost more than anyone on Earth .
Making matters worse for Londoners was the fact that one in three of those surveyed said they deliberately gave lost people the wrong directions .
However , two in three Londoners deliberately give survey takers the wrong answers , a separate survey found , confusing matters considerably .
London is followed on the list of " lost cities " by Paris , Bangkok , Hong Kong and Beijing , says Nokia , which conducted the survey of 12,500 people around the world , at great expense , assuming it used its own mobile phones to make the calls .
GPS usage is becoming commonplace : more than a quarter of those surveyed said they could n't find their way without online and mobile navigation tools .
Thirteen per cent used a mobile phone as the main way to find their destination .
Despite this , about 93 per cent of those surveyed got lost regularly , Nokia said , which indicates the GPS artificial intelligence crisis could be further advanced than suspected .
This leaves GPS users facing a tough decision .
People who give up their navigation units in a bid to steer clear of GPS tomfoolery may find that going back to using their brain is impossible .
Research shows that once people get used to using a GPS system in their car they quickly lose the ability to find their own way to the easiest destinations , even those that they have visited countless times in the past , such as the kitchen , living room or bathroom .
On the other hand , those who stick with their GPS systems will risk undertaking endless pointless journeys to the four corners of the globe , which may be difficult to explain to people back home and does nothing to help the fight against climate change .
Computer technicians are understood to be checking the Prime Minister 's GPS this week .
In other news ... Children and teenagers who watch a lot of television , listen to a lot of music , see a lot of movies and have a high exposure to other media are more likely to eat until they 're obese , smoke tobacco , take drugs , drink alcohol and indulge in early sexual activity , a US study has found .
Jealous parents have demanded a new study to discover how kids find the time .
A reader writes :
I am a pediatric emergency room physician .
We occasionally diagnose Kawasaki Disease ( now properly called Kawasaki Syndrome ) in young children .
There are so many things wrong with the story of Jett 's death that I am not sure where to start , but here 's a try :
1 ) NO association between Kawasaki and " toxic carpet cleaning chemicals " ( or any other environmental cause ) has ever been established .
Given that these chemicals are ubiquitous in our society , if there were an association I would expect Kawasaki to be much more common .
2 ) As far as I know , Kawasaki disease does not lead to brain injury or seizures .
I suppose one could conjecture that if Jett had untreated heart problems from Kawasaki ( which CAN happen ) this could have led to a heart attack that led to seizures and death , but it sounds like Jett had seizures for a long time , which makes this a bit of a reach .
3 ) It would be incredibly rare to bump your head and die from a seizure .
This mug has been created for tea & coffee lovers who crave the perfect cuppa every time they boil the kettle .
Equipped with a colour matching guide on the inside to get your brew to just how you like it , from milky to builders brew and black .
Available in Tea or Coffee styles .
Design by Suck UK
Falling in love with a fashionista means always having to say you 're sorry .
For thousands of husbands and boyfriends who dared to give their fashionista lovers a sweater or bag or , God forbid , jewellery that was , shall we say off - trend , the days after Christmas can be fraught with hurt feelings .
He can't believe she does n't like the dress .
She 's upset he was so off - the - mark .
These men know how passionate their partners are about fashion , yet they persevere , hoping this time their precious gift will get the response they desire .
Fashionistas , generally speaking , acknowledge they do n't reveal their best side at Christmas .
None wanted their names used in this article .
Recalls one particularly strident woman , " Last Christmas , my boyfriend got me an expensive designer sweater .
He got it at Holt Renfrew and paid a fortune for it .
I could tell he really thought he 'd done well .
It was colourful .
It was awful .
But I could n't tell him that .
Now I wear it strategically , like when we go to visit his family . "
Not all fashionistas are so diplomatic .
At a post - Christmas get - together , a trendy woman in her 40s huddled with a group of girlfriends , describing the necklace her husband had purchased for her .
While she remarked that the stones were handsome enough , she then executed a discreet shoulder check to make sure he was out of earshot .
She tilted toward her posse and whispered .
" He had it mounted in silver . "
The well - heeled group gasped in sympathy .
" I could barely say thank you .
I can't wear it even though I know he tried so hard , " she said , embarrassed by her own pettiness .
Such scenes are reminiscent of Carrie 's reaction when Mr. Big presented her with a kitschy Judith Leiber clutch on Sex and the City .
These men can't win .
What civilians ( non-fashionistas ) do n't understand is that fashion is a precision sport , a game in which close is as bad as wrong , explains Suzanne Timmins , fashion director at The Bay .
Timmins says men have a lot to learn .
" It 's insanity , particularly for men who wo n't ask for help .
It 's a psychological defect .
It 's like the cliché about men who wo n't ask for directions , " she says .
" Most men think fashion is frivolous .
They are declaring , ` I can do this , too .
I have taste . ' "
Toronto psychotherapist David Schatzky agrees .
He pities the fool who falls for a fashionista .
" The problem is these women see fashion as a hallmark of their whole identity . "
This cannot be taken lightly , he says .
Mostly , these women feel it is presumptuous of a partner to participate in a game he is not good at , explains Schatzky .
There 's more going on here than just a poorly chosen article of clothing , he says .
" These disappointed women are saying , ` We spend all this time together and this unwelcome gift reinforces that you do n't really know me . ' "
It is an ugly situation and no one wins .
Admonished often enough , men recoil from the whole shopping experience .
And all this post - Christmas angst places the fashionista in a tailspin .
Wear it ?
Ignore it ?
Return it ?
" If she 's a nice girl , she 'll wear it , no matter how uncomfortable she feels .
But if she hides it in the back of her closet or takes it back to the store , she 's a bad person , " says Timmins .
She advises men to infiltrate the posse .
It 's their only hope .
" They 've got to align themselves with the women who know her best , " she says .
Shopping for a fashionista is difficult .
Fashion is a moving target .
It 's a tough buy when what 's right one Christmas is dead wrong the next .
" That 's what women do , " says Timmins , at the risk of sounding sexist .
" If I had to buy a golf club for a man , I 'd talk to his friends .
I 'd ask a pro .
I 'd ask for directions . "
Timmins says both parties can learn something here .
And they 've got another year to get it right .
Men , she implores , " get a map . "
And women , the next time you open a present from your lover , smile and do n't say , " cheese . "
Every surfer needs a reliable set of tools that he or she can ride with through the strongest tides .
And we ’re not only talking about surfboards here .
A lot of people would think that it ’s the only vital tool a surfer needs .
It is , of course , the most vital but there ’s one item that always gets pushed off the list : surf watches .
Surfers , especially professional ones , need a watch that can help them navigate and even predict the tides .
The ocean , after all , can be very treacherous .
Good thing there are surf watches that can withstand and even predict the greatest of tides .
But by surf watches , we do n’t only mean Casio or Rip Curl .
In fact , if you ’re a luxury watch lover , you can always showcase your Rolex or IWC while riding mighty waves .
Surfing as a Sport
There ’s no place to work out than the outdoors .
If you ’re looking for a place to work out that ’s free , nature has all the answers for you .
There are a bunch of outdoor activities you can try like mountain climbing or simply running .
But if you ’re looking for more thrill or if you ’re a fan of the waters , then surfing just might be the right sport for you .
Like any outdoor sport , surfing pulls you closer to nature than any other workout .
The surfing subculture does n’t only focus mainly on the laidback lifestyle of surfers but also the conservation of the ocean .
This motive helps protect not only the oceans but the entire 70 % of the Earth ’s surface .
That ’s why it ’s not hard to admire the sport and its subculture in the first place .
Not to mention , surfing allows for a whole body workout .
It helps the mind and the body work together to help you be quick on your feet , literally .
This sport will also make you want to travel around the world and surf just about any tide that can come your way .
So , if you do get into surfing , expect a lot of out - of - town weekends and even out - of - the - country adventures every once in a while .
The Importance of Surf Watches
While it takes quite a while to master the sport , there are still a lot of lessons you can take away from every fall , like patience and perseverance .
With all these considered , it ’s evident that surfing is a serious sport .
It ’s not something you decide to get on with and walk away from so easily .
Once you get on it , though , it ’s almost impossible to turn your back and walk away .
The more you fall , the more you ’ll want to stand up .
And every challenge as such requires the right tools and equipment to help you learn along the way .
From learning how to ride the tides to predicting when the tides come , it ’s almost impossible for a surfer not to have a timekeeping and tide tracking device with them at all times .
Surf watches play a bigger role in surfing than most people would expect .
Like any other sport , surfing requires performance tracking , and a reliable surf watch can change the game with just this feature .
Surf watches also help a surfer track tides on certain surf spots , check weather conditions , and even monitor water temperatures .
These timepieces are n’t only used to flaunt .
They are actual devices that can help a surfer master the sport as well as stay safe in the most treacherous places on earth .
How to Pick the Right Surf Watch
Any speciality watch comes with its perks and features that can be used by professionals on certain careers .
This time , we focus on surfing and the important factors we ’re looking for in a surf watch .
Keep in mind that not all surf watches are created equal and it ’s not a one size fits all situation .
What works for one does n’t mean it would work for everybody .
In fact , different surfers have different preferences when it comes to their own timepiece .
So we ’re breaking down everything you should consider before letting you make that purchase .
Water Resistance
The first thing any surfer looks for in a watch is its depth rating .
With the sport happening in the middle of the vast ocean , it ’s only rightful to have a watch with decent water resistance .
Surf watches should be water resistance to at least 50 metres .
If possible and if you ’re willing to splurge a little in exchange for a better depth rating then you might as well go for watches with a water resistance of 300 metres or more .
Dive watches that can double as surf watches , such as a Tudor Pelagos or Omega Seamaster , have water resistance between 500 m and 1200m .
Durability
We ca n’t stress enough how durability is one of the most important factors you should be looking for in a watch .
Waves can take a toll on both the surfer and his equipment .
Not to mention , there are other factors you should consider like the probability of encountering rocks , sand , and salt in water while surfing .
If you ’re looking for a surf watch , look for the one with the best durability and invest in it .
Durable sports watches that come to mind include Casio G - Shock and Seiko Prospex .
Hard - wearing materials , shatterproof crystal , and shockproofing all play huge parts in making your surf watch a reliable one .
But it ’s not only the watch head you should be considering .
Take a close look at the strap or bracelet material as well .
Most surfers prefer rubber straps while others take great caution while wearing fabric straps .
Surfing Data
Some surfers prefer watches that can provide certain data relative to the sport .
These data include real - time and pre-programmed tide graphs , moon phases , as well as wind speeds .
This information , while not as useful to everyone else , can be of great help to surfers in order to be safer before and during a surf .
Other data like top speeds , wave counts , and distance travelled also help to improve a surfer ’s performance .
If you ’re looking for performance improvement , it ’s best to opt for a timepiece that can help you track these data real - time and over time .
Performance Trackers
Aside from surf data , just like any other sport , surfing requires certain performance trackers .
Stopwatches , countdown timers , and alarms can be of great help when tracking surf times and more .
GPS Functions
As we ’ve mentioned beforehand , the ocean can be a treacherous place .
While surfing is as thrilling as it looks , it can also be pretty dangerous especially when you ’re not properly equipped for it .
To make sure you know where you are or to keep you on the map while surfing , look for a timepiece with a GPS function , such as the Suunto 7 .
This can help you navigate from vast nothingness back to civilisation as easily as possible .
Dual or Multiple Timezones
Surfers can be quite the jet - setter at times .
A lot of surfers look forward to riding the tides of just about any sea possible not only for the clout but also for experience .
Others do it with the motivation to promote ocean conservation or tourism .
If you ’re the type to do this , watches with dual or multiple timezones can definitely keep you grounded with information .
Track times from two or more places simultaneously with ease through these special timepieces .
Smart Capabilities
Not all but certain smartwatches , including Suunto and TAG Heuer Connected Modular watches , have capabilities that can be of great help on certain aspects .
For one , if they have wi-fi or Bluetooth connectivity options , then it probably also has app integration .
Most apps allow data cloud to help you store previous records or track tides better .
Smartwatch functions also include having your smartphone right at your wrist .
Since we can’t bring our phones with us while in water , a smartwatch is the closest you can get to have it with you at all times .
Display Options
A lot of people take this into great consideration especially since , at the end of the day , the display options allow you to keep time efficiently .
There ’s no right or wrong answer if you ’re stuck between an analogue or a digital watch .
It all boils down to what you ’re most comfortable using and what ’s more efficient for you .
While most digital watches also include a wide variety of helpful functions , some analogue watches provide more accurate time reading .
But do n’t fret because there are watches that include both analogue and digital functions for those who want to get the best of both worlds .
Battery Life
Every watch comes with certain battery lives that are limited to its functions .
The most functions it has , the shorter its battery life probably is .
But do n’t fret .
Most watches with numerous functions are equipped with the battery life that can last if used right .
If you do n’t need certain functions , there should be options to turn them off to keep the battery from draining quickly .
Personal Preferences
At the end of the day , the type of surf watch you choose to rely on your personal preference .
From its style , functions , down to its comfort level and even size — the right surf watch should n’t be something you ’d want to wear and use .
Price
All things considered , the surf watches come at different price ranges .
The greater the depth rating , the more expensive it is .
The more features it has , the more expensive it can get .
Consider the budget you have and see the best options for that price range .
We assure you , there are great watches out there no matter the budget you decide to settle on .
Timing is Everything in Surfing
Anyone can argue that timing is something that ca n’t be taught in any sport .
Every sport has certain things to consider to be able to time actions right .
When it comes to surfing , there can be a lot of missed opportunities if you do n’t time your actions right .
But with the right use of technology , time can be harnessed in a way that ’s advantageous to any surfer .
Forecasts like tide graphs as well as wave periods can help improve your timing .
With some surf watches equipped with this technology , it surely is easier to get updated and have vital information at the tip of your fingers .
With the help of your equipment , you might be able to time a satisfying and even a winning ride .
15 Best Surf Watches to Check Out
To help you navigate the tides , we ’ve listed all the best surf watches today .
Their functions range from simple timekeeping to more advanced functions .
Nevertheless , these watches all have charms of their own .
From stunning depth ratings to reliable functionality , here are the best surf watches to track and catch tides with in no particular order .
1. Suunto Watches
The greatest thing about Suunto relies on the fact that they produce visually appealing watches that provide just about any information anyone needs .
Made for the outdoor , Suunto watches represent the best of sports smartwatches .
The brand ’s line of watches , from their most affordable to their high - end models , come with great features .
A lot of outdoor enthusiasts looking to Suunto for reliable watches .
Their timepieces , like the Suunto 7 , are perfect for the beginner surfer given the GPS and timing functions as well as a depth rating of 5 ATM , or 50 m .
This means that the watch safely functions with short water submersion as in a pool .
Most Suunto watches have smartwatch capabilities that let you let go of your phone while you learn how to surf .
The Suunto 9 has a barometer feature to help provide storm alerts .
When it comes to the watches ’ design , they ’re mostly sleek and modern .
They are perfect not only for the streets but also for the outdoors .
They can be rugged with the right strap choice and are perfect for the active lifestyle as seen in the design of Suunto 3 .
They also have a decent battery life that could last up to two days without charging .
2. TAG Heuer Connected Modular
The TAG Heuer Connected Modular collection comes with the best of Swiss watchmaking and modern - day functionalities .
The watches from the collection , just like Suunto , is powered by Wear OS .
The user interface design is a fruit of a collaboration with Intel .
If this alone does n’t sell the watch to you , then we should take a quick look at its functions .
The collection features timepieces with water - resistance of 50 metres , fine - brushed titanium case , fixed titanium bezel , and grade 2 titanium caseback .
It ’s the true example of lightweight durability that comes with its material .
It has a very customisable face with sports and fitness tracking as well as smartwatch functions .
Anyone with a heart for design will love this collection from TAG Heuer .
The modular comes in various designs and strap variations such as ceramic , rubber , calfskin , or titanium strap .
3. Casio G - Shock
It ’s undeniable that Casio G - Shock has some of the world ’s toughest — if not the toughest — watches in the world .
The ruggedness of each timepiece is loved by many sports and outdoor enthusiast everywhere .
No matter your profession , there ’s a G - Shock for you .
Surfers can rejoice as much with G - Shock watches made for the ocean .
For one , the Casio G - Shock Gulf Master ( GWN - 1000 ) comes with Triple Sensor that allows for accurate altimeter , barometer , compass , and thermometer functions .
It also has a tide graph and moon age data .
The GWN - Q1000 features the same functions plus a sunrise and sunset data .
Casio also made a line of G - Shock watches specifically designed for surfers called the G - LIDE with all the functions you ’re looking for in a surf watch .
It boasts a depth rating of 200 metres as well as high and low tide times .
4. Rolex Submariner
The Rolex Submariner is popular not only to watch enthusiasts but also to professionals .
Professional divers love the Submariner for its incredible depth rating .
Thanks to Rolex and its unrelenting research and development , a modern - day Submariner now has a depth rating of 300 metres .
This also makes it a popular choice among surfers .
When you ’re always riding the tides , you tend to lean toward the better water resistance .
Despite this watch providing only the basics of timekeeping such as hours , minutes , seconds , and date , it remains a popular choice for such great quality .
The watch ’s 904L stainless steel material is easily one of the most durable out there .
Not to mention , it comes with a sapphire crystal for optimum scratch resistance .
The Submariner comes in various colourways such as with the classic black dial and bezel ( Ref 116610 LN ) , gold case ( Ref 116618LN ) , green dial ( Ref 116610 LV ) and many more .
5. Tudor Pelagos
Tudor , a subsidiary of Rolex , comes with a Submariner - inspired timepiece with a water resistance that exceeds its inspiration .
The Tudor Pelagos is a favourite among dive and surf enthusiast for its whopping 500 m water resistance .
It ’s hard not to fall for this timepiece with its simplicity and quality .
This titanium dive watch comes with a straightforward design that provides the most basic information .
But its accuracy exceeds any other watch as it is an officially certified chronometer by COSC .
The power reserve lasts up to 70 hours through a movement that functions at 28,800 beats per hour .
6. Omega Seamaster
The Omega Seamaster follows a military standard when it comes to waterproofing .
It boasts up to 1200 metres of water resistance and chronometer certification .
The collection itself has various subfamilies for different styles and functions that range from three - hand timepieces to chronograph functions .
This collection from Omega is popular among those who live for the sea such as divers and surfers for its depth rating as well as durability .
The Seamaster timepieces come in various designs that fit the lifestyle of just about anyone and features durability that no other brand can replicate .
7. Seiko Prospex
Since launching its first dive watch in 1965 , Seiko has been unrelentingly providing us with high - quality dive watches at a relatively reasonable price .
The range consists of timepieces perfect for any adventure on and underwater .
They not only provide a wondrous depth rating but also great accuracy that helps in keeping recreational divers and even surfers safe .
The Seiko Prospex Sea collection comes with various functions such as chronograph and dual time features .
With depth ratings of up to 200 metres , not only do these timepieces perfectly work underwater but can also endure the stress of being worn while riding big waves .
8. Breitling Superocean
The Breitling Superocean not only comes in a durable stainless steel case and a water resistance of up to 2000 metres but also with a multitude of hues and colours that make it appealing to anyone .
The fresh design on the timepieces take inspiration from the colours of the ocean and makes it a perfect companion for any activity relating to it .
These certified chronometers from Breitling come in either three - hand dial design or chronograph .
They also come in various strap designs that make them comfortable to wear especially on tedious activities such as surfing .
9. IWC Aquatimer
IWC surely knows how to design a classy watch with great functions .
The elegant flair on the IWC Aquatimer undeniably speaks for the brand ’s design ideals .
They come in either black or silver with a unique double bezel .
This complex timepiece comes with ease of use and is one of the most celebrated dive watches in the market today .
These timepieces come with 300 metres of water resistance as well as Sapphire crystal for optimum scratch resistance .
They also come in various colours such as with a black dial , a blue dial , and a clean white dial .
It also features different case colours such as gold and grey .
10 . Citizen Eco-Drive Bluetooth
Sustainability meets elegance and functionality with the Citizen Eco - Drive Bluetooth .
This light - powered timepiece heads straight to the future where cable - charging and battery replacement does n’t exist .
It has the elegance of an analogue watch with smartphone connectivity .
It can also easily be done just installing the Eco - Drive Bluetooth app on your phone and connecting it to your timepiece .
This timepiece from Citizen boasts typical smartwatch functions such as dual time , alarms and notification , smartphone search , and light level indicator .
All these prove useful especially whether you ’re trekking in forest or surfing all day .
11 . Longines Hydroconquest
As one of the early adopters of Supercompressor cases in the 1960s , Longines has a proven track record of affiliation with the great depths of the sea .
The Longines Hydroconquest is no stranger to that with a water resistance of up to 300 metres and design that embraces the basics of timekeeping .
There ’s a certain elegance to these watches that make them quite a compelling choice for surfers .
The collection includes a chronograph model as well as three - hand dial design .
These timepieces boast the best of Swiss watchmaking that focuses on the future rather than the past without disrespecting its predecessors .
12 . Tissot T - Sport
The Tissot T - Sport , as its name suggests , is one of today ’s best analogue sports watches .
The collections ’
Seastar 1000 subfamily , in particular , makes a great case for surf watches .
It boasts 300 metres of depth rating as well as a chronograph function for optimum time tracking down to the 100th of a second .
Tissot also comes up with elegant designs that allow surfers to easily transition from a weekend on an island to a business meeting or a nine - to - five without compromising on style .
The Tissot T - Sport boasts of the durability of a sports watch with the elegance of a dress watch , which is not usually the case in most sports watches .
13 . Garmin Forerunner 935
The Garmin Forerunner 935 is a triathlon watch perfect for all your sports needs .
It features your basic ABC function ( altimeter , barometer , compass ) as well as fitness trackers to keep you on your goals .
It also has a GPS function to keep you from getting lost from your trail and mobile connectivity that ’s necessary for most smartwatches these days .
Surfers will love this watch because it can be used to measure their best and worst times and makes a great tool for performance improvement .
14 . Nixon Base Tide
As its name suggests , the Nixon Base Tide is a straightforward timepiece that tells tide data in the simplest , most efficient manner .
The watch comes in a retro design that is having a renaissance as of late so you wo n’t have to worry about it being outdated .
Your comfort comes first with this watch as it is equipped with a 22 mm custom injection moulded ultra - soft silicone band .
The custom - moulded polycarbonate is a durable choice for case material .
Moreover , the simplified LCD display veers away from the unnecessary and focuses only on the most important functions , especially underwater .
With a depth rating of 100 metres , it truly is one of the simplest surf watches you can ever get .
15 . Rip Curl Rifles Tide Watch
Just like the Nixon Base Tide , the Rip Curl Rifles Tide Watch focuses only on the necessary information .
The watch features 500 pre-programmed tide locations that can be seen on a graph or detailed display .
It has an alarm , stopwatch , and countdown features as well as a light function for optimum reading .
The watch is made of lightweight polyurethane so it ’s definitely durable with a water resistance of 100 metres .
The rubber strap of the watch is just an added bonus to its already appealing overall functionality .
Surfing 101
Learning how to surf is not as easy as just standing on a surfboard .
It requires a great deal of effort that goes with regular practice .
You would also need determination because you ’re bound to fall more often than you ’ll be able to get on your feet .
You may also get hurt along the way , but its fruit will be so sweet once you learn how to ride the waves .
Before you decide you ’ll start surfing , here are a few tips to consider as a beginner .
Find a good surfing coach / school
Perhaps , you already know how to surf .
Maybe you ’ve already gone out to an adventure on your own .
A good surfing coach wo n’t let you go through all these without having to learn the basics first .
No , we ’re not talking about how to stand on a board or how to balance yourself when on water .
There ’s more to surfing than just that and only a good coach will be able to teach you that .
Not anyone can master the ocean , but there are a lot of good coaches who can teach you enough to be confident in it .
Use a beginner ’s surfboard
Beginner surfboards are often looked down upon by newbies in the sport .
But it should be understood that these surfboards are made for the exact reason they ’re called such .
They help beginners make learning how to surf easier and help them get ready for the more advanced waves .
Whether it ’s a soft - top surfboard or a pop - out surfboard , these boards help with the stability and comfort a new surfers needs .
Surf a beginner ’s wave
We know you ’ll be itching to ride the big ones once you begin surfing .
But do n’t be too excited as it takes a lot of practice before you get there .
Take it easy by starting with a beginner ’s wave first .
A smooth , steady wave will help you get accustomed to the waves and in no time , with dedication , you ’ll be able to surf more challenging waves .
Get used to wiping out
Any surfer — pro or beginner — falls .
It does n’t matter what wave you ’re on or what your level of expertise is , you will fall over and over again .
But that ’s the thing about surfing .
You have to get used to all those falls because , in those , you will learn .
Enjoy
In anything you do , having fun is a definite key to success .
Surfing is no different .
There ’s no point in learning how to surf at all if you ’re not having fun doing it .
Timing the Tides , Catching the Waves
Not all surf watches are made equal .
Some are made to withstand the depths of the ocean and some are made to help improve performance .
Despite all these difference , however , every watch comes with functions that help guide surfers through the tremulous tides and embrace its crashing waves .
The water - resistance of these watches will assure the other functions remain reliable even on the stressful roars of tides .
The tide alerts can help surfers predict the highs and lows of the tide and even the duration of how long it lasts .
The GPS keeps you on the map despite being drawn to the vastness of the sea .
And last but not least , smartwatch functions keep you connected no matter where you are .
No matter the functions are , the choice of which surf watch to use all depends on your personal preferences and level of expertise .
So , which one do you believe works best for you ?
Actor Will Smith attends the premiere of his movie " Seven Pounds " in Charlotte , North Carolina December 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Chris Keane
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Actor Will Smith , star of “ Hancock ” and “ Seven Pounds ” , was voted the top money - making movie star of 2008 , dethroning Johnny Depp in an annual poll released on Friday of movie theater owners and film buyers .
Smith , 40 , is only the second African - American actor to win the Quigley poll in its 76 year history .
Sidney Poitier was placed first in 1968 after the success of “ Guess Who ’s Coming to Dinner ” and “ In the Heat of the Night . ”
Three newcomers on the 2008 list -- “ Iron Man ” Robert Downey Jr , “ Batman ” star Christian Bale , and Shia LaBeouf , the 22 year - old actor in “ Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal Skull ” -- came in second , third and fourth places respectively .
Anne Hathaway , who made her name in “ The Princess Diaries ” and is now a Screen Actors Guild and Golden Globe nominee for her role in “ Rachel Getting Married ” , was named a star of tomorrow .
along with Chris Pine , who appeared in “ Bottle Shock ” and will play Captain Kirk in 2009 ’s “ Star Trek ” movie .
Perennial winner Tom Cruise did not make the Top Ten for 2008 despite being voted Number One seven times since 1983 .
Depp , the “ Pirates of the Caribbean ” star who was placed first in 2007 , also did not make the 2008 list .
The Quigley Poll has been conducted every year since 1932 by the publishers of the International Motion Picture Almanac .
It asks movie theater owners and film buyers to vote for the 10 stars they believe generated the most box office revenue for their theaters during the year .
The Dept of Transportation reports on U.S. Traffic Volume Trends :
Travel on all roads and streets changed by - 5.3 % ( - 12.9 billion vehicle miles ) for November 2008 as compared with November 2007 .
Travel for the month is estimated to be 230.4 billion vehicle miles .
Cumulative Travel for 2008 changed by - 3.7 % ( - 102.1 billion vehicle miles ) .
The Cumulative estimate for the year is 2,656.2 billion vehicle miles of travel .
Click on graph for larger image in new window .
This graph shows the annual change in the rolling 12 month average of U.S. vehicles miles driven .
Note : the rolling 12 month average is used to remove noise and seasonality .
By this measure , vehicle miles driven are off a record 3.7 % Year - over - year ( YoY ) ; the decline in miles driven is worse than during the early ' 70s and 1979 - 1980 oil crisis .
As the DOT noted , miles driven in November 2008 were 5.4 % less than November 2007 , so the YoY change in the rolling average may get worse .
So far the slowing economy is more than offsetting the sharp decline in gasoline prices last year .
U.S. President Barack Obama takes a question at the Fiscal Responsibility Summit at the White House in Washington February 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. President Barack Obama on Tuesday will tell Americans in his first major speech since his inauguration that “ we will rebuild , we will recover ” from the worst economic crisis in decades .
“ What is required now is for this country to pull together , confront boldly the challenges we face and take responsibility for our future once more , ” Obama will tell a joint session of Congress according to advance excerpts of his speech .
Offers top-quality limousine services in Northern California between San Francsico , Napa , Oakland and from Sacramento SMF International Airports to Stockton , Redding or Lake Tahoe for more than 10 years .
Limo Service Sacramento dedicated to exceeding customer expectations and providing our clients with safe , reliable , luxurious transportation .
We take pride in delivering safe , courteous and dependable service that will eclipse customer transportation expectations .
Tony Hart - BBC TV Artist - Official Website
" I always tried to make my television art accessible to all , rich or poor .
I would often use cheap and readily available materials to create pictures , such as macaroni and lentils . ” - Tony Hart . -
Tony Hart - 1925-2009
An inspiration to several generations of artists , animators , graphic designers and teachers , children´s TV artist Tony Hart was best known for the BBC´s art programmes Vision On , Take Hart and Hart Beat .
ghd outlet ghd australia online cheapest ghd ghd factory outlet ghd sale ghd outlet uk ghd sale nz comprar planchas ghd ghd baratas Speaking to the BBC in 1996
Tony said : " I hope I´ve achieved the sort of programme that entertains first , informs , amuses and maybe surprises - and that people watching will think " I might have a go at that one day ! " .
Tony Hart´s television career spanned 50 years , and his programmes won many awards .
In 1984 Take Hart won a BAFTA award , and in 1998 Tony himself received the BAFTA Lifetime Achievement award .
Aside from his own programmes , Tony made regular guest appearances on radio and television , and involved himself with a number of children´s charities including the Cystic Fibrosis Trust , Tadworth Children´s Hospital and Riding for the Disabled .
The music you can hear is Marguerite by Bob Morgan and was used for The Gallery in Take Hart .
Our gratitude to Bob , Zoot Music and KPM for special permission to use it .
Marguerite was composed by Bob to mark a very personal loss of his own - the significance is not lost here .
About The Author Noura Yehia is a Web designer and blogger and the former owner of noupe.com .
If you want to connect with the author , you can follow her on Twitter .
More about Noura Yehia …
50 Useful Design Tools For Beautiful Web Typography
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
Typography is elegant when it is attractive and communicates the designer ’s ideas .
When chosen wisely and used carefully , it can be very effective in supporting the overall design .
Designers are always exploring different techniques with type : some use images or sIFR to produce very beautiful typography , while others prefer CSS alone to get the typography just right .
50 most useful typographic tools , techniques and resources for creating effective and expressive designs .
We will also look at some hands - on typography tools that help designers and developers learn how to style their Web content , test it interactively and see the changes instantly .
These tools are great for experimenting with different font types for your website .
Below we cover typographic tools , useful typographic references , font browsers , typographic CSS - and JavaScript - techniques , hyphenation techniques , sIFR tools and resources , grids and related tools , free and commercial fonts , a guide to Web typography , examples of great Web typography .
Please feel free to suggest further tools and resources in the comments to this post .
And if you like this post please feel free to 50 Extremely Useful CSS Tools is elegant when it is attractive and communicates the designer ’s ideas .
When chosen wisely and used carefully , it can be very effective in supporting the overall design .
Designers are always exploring different techniques with type : some use images or sIFR to produce very beautiful typography , while others prefer CSS alone to get the typography just right .
Today , we will look at .
We will also look at some hands - on typography tools that help designers and developers learn how to style their Web content , test it interactively and see the changes instantly .
These tools are great for experimenting with different font types for your website .
Below we cover typographic tools , useful typographic references , font browsers , typographic CSS - and JavaScript - techniques , hyphenation techniques , sIFR tools and resources , grids and related tools , free and commercial fonts , a guide to Web typography , examples of great Web typography .
Please feel free to suggest further tools and resources in the comments to this post .
And if you like this post please feel free to subscribe to our RSS - feed and follow us on Twitter .
You may want to take a look at the following related articles : * 50 Extremely Useful PHP Tools
Typography is elegant when it is attractive and communicates the designer ’s ideas .
When chosen wisely and used carefully , it can be very effective in supporting the overall design .
Designers are always exploring different techniques with type : some use images or sIFR to produce very beautiful typography , while others prefer CSS alone to get the typography just right .
Today , we will look at 50 most useful typographic tools , techniques and resources for creating effective and expressive designs .
We will also look at some hands - on typography tools that help designers and developers learn how to style their Web content , test it interactively and see the changes instantly .
These tools are great for experimenting with different font types for your website .
Below we cover typographic tools , useful typographic references , font browsers , typographic CSS - and JavaScript - techniques , hyphenation techniques , sIFR tools and resources , grids and related tools , free and commercial fonts , a guide to Web typography , examples of great Web typography .
Please feel free to suggest further tools and resources in the comments to this post .
And if you like this post please feel free to subscribe to our RSS - feed and follow us on Twitter .
You may want to take a look at the following related articles :
1. Useful typographic references
Better CSS Font Stacks
A couple of useful font cascades for your CSS - stylesheet .
Striking Web Sites with Font Stacks that Inspire With the right knowledge of CSS font stacks we ’re one step closer to letting our imagination design a better Web experience for everyone
FontsMatrix Matrix of fonts bundled with Mac and Windows operating systems , Microsoft Office and Adobe Creative Suite ( via @lucianosb on Twitter )
Common fonts to all versions of Windows & Mac equivalents
The list with the standard set of fonts common to all versions of Windows and their Mac substitutes , referred sometimes as “ browser safe fonts ” .
Default Mac OS X 10.4 fonts list ( via Elementiks )
Default Windows fonts list ( via Elementiks )
Instead of doing your own testing , use the useful and time - saving tools below .
They ’ll help you play with typography and make choices by giving you a real - time preview of many of the available CSS font properties .
HTML Ipsum A useful little website created by Chris Coyier .
It provides you with the standard Latin text already in HTML tags .
Clicking on any of the blocks automatically copies the text to your clipboard !
Typechart Typechart lets you flip through , preview and compare Web typography while retrieving the CSS .
You can browse different typographic styles .
Each style corresponds to a style ID , which allows you to annotate prototypes and retrieve the CSS while coding .
Another useful feature is that you can compare Windows ( ClearType ) rendering with Apple font rendering .
TTFTitles WordPress Plugin
This plugin lets you use images to replace the titles of your posts , thus circumventing the problem of guessing what fonts your end - users might have installed ( via hyperdjango ) .
Fontstruct FontStruct is a free font - building tool that lets you quickly and easily create fonts constructed out of geometrical shapes , which are arranged in a grid pattern , like tiles or bricks .
abcTajpu Firefox Extension
Type in accented letters , international characters or symbols into Firefox or Thunderbird , either simply by using a context menu ( there being support for many languages ) , or quickly by keyboard macro ( you can even define your own ) .
PXtoEM
This tool converts pixel - units to em-units using the 16px browser default size ( via @briancray and @ CasJam on Twitter ) .
Em Calculator Em Calculator is a small JavaScript tool that helps you make scalable and accessible CSS design .
It converts sizes in pixels to relative em units , which are based on a given text size .
CSSTYPE CSSTYPE v2 lets you preview your text as you modify it .
You can set the font - family , size , color , letter - spacing , word - spacing , line - height and other properties .
The CSS code can be generated easily once you are satisfied with the previews .
CSS - Typoset Matrix and code generator
This tool ( unfortunately , only in German ) calculates font - sizes and line - height in em and px and presents them in a matrix .
The tool computes both symmetrical and asymmetricam margin .
Useful !
wp - typogrify WordPress Plugin wp - typogrify is a collection of Django template filters that help prettify your web typography by preventing ugly quotes and widows and providing CSS hooks to style some special cases .
Python - script for Django is available as well .
FontBurner
After you find the font that you would like to use , Font Burner gives you a chunk of code that you will insert into the head of your webpage .
Provided you do n’t have any stylesheet conflicts , the new font will show up on your site immediately .
Convert TrueType Font to sIFR Flash File Upload your typeface and the tool generates the Flash - file ( swf ) and sends it to your e-mail .
Text 2 PNG Conversion
This service provides you with the ability to convert you headlines and navigations to PNG images automaticlly .
It works by adding a JavaScript file and selecting which tags to replace .
Useful , for instance if you want to generate an image with an embedding e-mail - address .
7 Free Tools To Identify A Font A list of free online tools to speed up the identification process .
21 Typography Web Applications You Can’t Live Without
3. Choosing a font
Type Tester Type Tester is an online application that allows you to test different typefaces .
You have three columns of text and can modify the typography any way you please .
You then get the CSS that accompanies your selections .
STC fontBROWSER
This tools enables you to preview fonts installed on your system online .
Font Picker
This simple tool shows you all the fonts installed on your computer and helps you choose which one is most suitable for a particular project .
Also available as Adobe AIR application .
FontTester Font Tester is a free online font comparison tool .
It allows you to easily preview and compare different fonts side by side with various CSS font styles applied to them .
CSS Type Set CSS Type
Set is a handy tool that lets you preview your CSS text as you modify it , and it generates the code for you immediately ( @jmreedy ) .
Flipping Typical
This is a nice way to explore the popular typefaces you have on your computer and see which one fits the project you are working on .
This is done by creating text that is displayed using various typefaces from your computer .
4. Typographic Techniques
12 Examples Of Paragraph Typography
A showcase of some interesting techniques for designing paragraphs , by Jon Tan .
Some of these styles are experiments using pseudo elements and adjacent sibling selectors ; browser support is not consistent .
Rendering Complex Type —
Who ’s got the Love ?
Learn how to create a complex typographic sample with pure CSS .
10 Examples of Beautiful CSS Typography and How They Did It A lot of great websites out there have beautiful typography using only CSS .
But simply looking at them gives you only half the picture .
This post showcases examples of good clean typography using nothing but CSS , and it explains what the designers did to achieve this beautiful type .
typeface.js
With typeface.js , you can embed custom fonts on your Web pages so that you do n’t have to render text as images .
What makes it different is that it ’s JavaScript only , not JavaScript and Flash like sIFR , or JavaScript and PHP like FLIR .
So , instead of creating images or using Flash just to show your website ’s text in the font you want , you can use typeface.js and write in plain HTML and CSS , just as though your visitors had the font installed locally .
It ’s pretty easy to use : load the typeface .js library and some typeface .js fonts , then proceed as normal .
Facelift Image Replacement ( FLIR ) Facelift Image Replacement ( FLIR ) is an image replacement script that dynamically generates image representations of text on your Web page in fonts that otherwise might not be visible to your visitors .
The generated image is automatically inserted into your Web page via JavaScript and is visible in all modern browsers .
Any element with text can be replaced , from headers ( < h1 > , < h2 > , etc. ) to < span > elements and everything in between !
FLIR is SEO - friendly and only renders an image if JavaScript is enabled on the user ’s browser .
If you are using WordPress for your blog , you might find this plug - in useful to easily apply FLIR to your Web pages .
P+C DTR PHP + CSS Dynamic
Text Replacement is a JavaScript - free version of the Dynamic Text Replacement method , allowing you to take a vanilla , standards - based ( X) HTML Web page and dynamically create images to replace page headings , using only PHP and CSS .
The technique is currenty unavailable for download .
Advanced Typography Techniques Using CSS
While descriptions and basic uses of CSS typography controls have been beaten to death , many rich typographic capabilities of CSS are still not well documented .
This post is a great example of what you can do by combining and tweaking type using CSS .
Different techniques are introduced : reflections , drop characters , handwriting , newspaper headlines and more .
Typographic Contrast and Flow Typographic contrast is important because not every piece of content on a page has the same weight : some have greater significance than others .
By creating contrast , you direct the reader ’s attention to the important messages and also enhance visual appeal .
Here are seven basic methods for creating typographic contrast , using size , typeface , color , case , style / decoration , weight and space .
5. Hyphenation
OnLine Hyphenation
This tool takes care of automatic Automatic hyphenation for texts and sites .
The tool uses ­ and inserts hyphens in the right places to make the justified text look readable .
The tool is a little bit buggy and not perfect , but is still useful .
Hyphenator Hyphenator.js brings client - side hyphenation of HTML documents to every browser by inserting soft hyphens using hyphenation patterns and Frank M. Liang ’s hyphenation algorithm commonly known from LaTeX and OpenOffice .
The goal is to provide hyphenation in all browsers that support JavaScript and the soft hyphen for at least English , German and French .
Here is the server - side script that does the hyphenation .
6. sIFR
sIFR 2.0 : Rich Accessible Typography for the Masses sIFR ( or Scalable Inman Flash Replacement ) is a technology that allows you to replace text elements on the page with Flash equivalents .
It uses JavaScript to target certain text page elements and replace them with Flash , which results in the same text but rendered in a new font .
This means you are free to use any font you wish in your design , instead of being limited to a very small set of “ safe ” Web fonts .
sIFR is easier to implement than any other image replacement technique .
Instead of manually generating each header with an image editor , you ’re able to skip the editor completely .
sIFR lite A solution similar to the original sIFR package , but smaller ( 3.7 Kb ) than the original ( 22 Kb ) and including even more nifty features .
It auto - detects the color of text elements , is completely object - oriented , does n’t use CSS selectors and targets elements by tag name and class .
sIFRvault A repository of sIFR fonts , rated , tagged and available for download .
Users can submit their SWF - files as well .
Please notice that you need to respect all copyright and licensing laws - some of the featured fonts appear to be commercial ( via chrisjlee ) .
j Query sIFR Plugin
The jQuery sIFR Plugin is an add - on for jQuery that makes it easy to replace text on a Web page with Flash text ( sIFR ) .
The jQuery sIFR Plugin does all the work of figuring out the text , files , sizes , colors and any other configuration needed to convert text to a beautiful sIFR font , with consistent behavior across all major browsers .
Multi color sIFR 2.0.1
This version of sIFR supports strong , em and span - elements and can color parts of the headline in colors .
sIFR Generator
The big disadvantage of sIFR is that creating sIFR files is a tedious task that also requires Adobe Flash Studio in order to create a . swf file with the font of your choice .
At least , that was the big disadvantage until now .
sIFR Generator is an online tool that allows you to create sIFR . swf files with a few clicks of your mouse .
Simply upload the TTF font of the font you want to convert , preview and download .
7. Grids
gridr buildrrr
This tool generates various grids on the fly and allows users to define the width of the grids , gutter as well as boxes for the layout .
The Grid System
An aggregator of articles , tools , books and resources related to grid-systems .
Typographic Grid
If your website is heavy with text content , you will need to pay attention to the underlying grid .
Check out Typography Grid , created recently by Chris Coyier : “ I was just screwing around with typography and getting things to line up according to a strict horizontal and vertical grid .
It was inspired by the Compose to a Vertical Rhythm article by Richard Rutter a few years ago , except uses unitless line height . ”
Check out the demo here .
Grid Designer
Anyone looking for a little help to get going with grid design should look at this handy tool .
Grid Designer 2 lets you set variables for your layout , such as the number of columns , the width in pixels , gutters and margins .
You can also set variables for the typography , so that you can control the size , weight , line height and other variables for your paragraphs and titles .
After you set up your desired layout , all you have to do is export the CSS to use in your own design .
Vertical rhythm calculator
This AIR application allows
Web developers who use XHTML and CSS to build their pages to understand and calculate values for vertical rhythm .
Enter your starting values in the application , and then you have the option of copying the resulting CSS code onto you clipboard for pasting into your existing style sheet .
8. Free and Commercial Fonts
40 + Excellent Freefonts For Professional Design
An overview of over 40 excellent free fonts you might use for your professional designs in 2009 .
60 Brilliant Typefaces For Corporate Design Over 60 first - class commercial typefaces for corporate design .
80 Beautiful Typefaces For Professional Design
Over 80 gorgeous typefaces for professional design , based upon suggestions from designers and web - developers all over the world .
Fontsquirrel A growing collection of free high - quality fonts .
More high - quality free fonts .
Top 10 ( Commercial ) Fonts Of 2008
This article lists this year ’s most successful fonts on MyFont – in each genre .
Based on sales numbers .
Clean font showcase
An extensive collection of clean , legible free fonts .
Veerle Pieters ’ 10 favourite typefaces
9 . A Guide to Web Typography
Good typefaces are designed for a purpose .
Below , you will find very informative articles and guidelines , created by masters of typography to show us the overall effect that good type has on a project .
On Choosing Type A good article from I Love Typography on choosing the right typeface .
The article explains everything from choosing between serif and sans - serif fonts to remembering to honor and read the content .
It ’s a great post for improving your typography skills .
The 100 % Easy - 2 - Read Standard Best practices for good typography on the Web from Oliver Reichenstein .
Do n’t be afraid of Serif Fonts David Rodriguez discusses the advantages and disadvantages of sans - serif and serif fonts and suggests best practices .
Elegant Web Typography
A great presentation by Jeff Croft about Web typography .
10 Common Typography Mistakes
The goal of this post is to help designers and clients understand the importance of good typography skills and avoid some common mistakes .
The Non-Typographer ’s Guide to Practical Typeface Selection Check out Cameron Moll ’s magic formula for picking the right typeface for your needs .
Make a list of those familiar typefaces that you trust and know will work well in a variety of projects .
Supplement that list with a list of unfamiliar typefaces that address specific objectives for the project at hand .
Test each typeface in small and large sizes .
Test in both caps and lowercase .
The Principles of Beautiful Typography
This is a great article that is actually extracted from the SitePoint book The Principles of Beautiful Web Design .
The article goes into detail on fonts , letter forms , spacing , text size and more .
It ’s a great and informative read .
Five Simple Steps to Better Typography
A series of articles by Mark Boulton that is highly worthwhile to read .
101 Typography Resources for Web Designers
A great list of typography - related resources from our author , Steven Snell .
10 . Examples of Great Web Typography
Some of the designs shown below demonstrate that sometimes less really is more .
Others made it onto the list because they use text very well and demonstrate how the grid can be used to do wonders for the whole design .
Jon Tangerine
Viget Inspire
works4sure
24ways
Alex Buga
Wilson Miner
Colour Pixel
Maxvoltar
Mark Dearman
Blogger Bake Off
Fixie Consulting
Drupalcon
Guilherme Neumann
Sursly
17 Stimulating Flickr Groups to Get You Typographically Inspired
This is a list of some of the best typography Flickr groups to feed your creative appetite .
20 Websites With Beautiful Typography
In this collection , you ’ll find a variety of websites that showcase creative and functional uses of typography .
A new study suggests that people who agonize over hair loss ( known as androgenetic alopecia ) might have their big heads to blame .
A UK researcher has determined that men and women whose skull bones keep growing during adulthood are far more likely to develop male and female pattern baldness .
The Medical Hypotheses journal reports a possible breakthrough in our understanding of androgenetic alopecia which could one day lead to an alopecia cure .
Paul Taylor from Top Hair Loss Remedy.com spent seven years of independent research into androgenetic alopecia following concerns about his own hair loss .
In his article , he explains how both male and female thinning hair and baldness involves the continued growth of the skull bones that lie directly under the scalp where hair loss develops .
This bone growth is called skull expansion .
Skull expansion seems to have finally solved certain mysteries that have been baffling hair loss boffins for years .
These include why the same shape ( or pattern ) of hair loss will always develop in men with extreme baldness .
Severe hair loss at the front ( frontal baldness ) and crown of the head will leave just a small horseshoe shaped area of hair growing at the back and sides .
Skull expansion explains why this happens - something the current theory for hair loss cannot do .
Another mystery involves the male sex hormone dihydrotestosterone ( DHT ) .
Male pattern baldness has been linked to DHT , but this hormone also causes body and facial hair to grow at puberty .
Skull expansion explains how DHT is connected to both hair loss and hair growth .
If this theory for androgenetic alopecia by skull expansion is confirmed , it could lead to a total redirection of genetic research , affect future treatment methods and might eventually lead to an alopecia cure .
The Lesbian and Gay Band Association will be the first LGBT organization to ever march in an Inaugural Parade for the President of the United States .
You can help us march into history .
Your tax - deductible contributions can help our musicians through rehearsals and the performance :
* $ 10 will provide lunch for a musician during rehearsal ( 200 lunches needed )
* $ 15 to provide one case of water ( 23 cases needed )
* $ 15 will purchase handwarmers for one rank of musicians ( 22 ranks )
* $ 40 to provide one musician 's bus seat to parade and back ( 180 seats needed )
* $ 75 will sponsor a piece of music ( we 're playing 5 pieces )
* $ 400 to furnish one new banner to say who we are , loud and clear
We 're all in this together :
Your financial contributions will help us represent you with pride .
Use the donation button at left to pledge your support today .
Contribute here for inaugural pride and success .
Looks like Alaska 's Republican Gov. Sarah Palin is gonna give Katie Couric something else to read besides her TelePrompTer scripts .
The 44 - year - old mother of five has reportedly retained high - powered Washington super - attorney Robert Barnett , who 's negotiated mutimillion - dollar book deals for numerous high - profile clients from Bill Clinton to his wife ( who started work on her next book as secretary of State today ) and the young Great Changer 's audacious autobiography .
Palin , whose family is not wealthy , could make a bundle from a thoughtful book , which could also help the political reconstruction work on her image as a dimbo .
There have been larger political reconstruction projects in recent U.S. history .
Think , well , Big Bill himself , who was once on TV denying having sex with someone not his wife .
And then a few years later reported making , what , $ 105 million or something in the post - presidential aftermath .
Of course , he was president and a Democratic commander in chief living in Chappaqua .
She 's a Republican governor living in Wasilla .
Palin showed a real ability to electrify crowds and TV audiences during her brief stint on the national stage as John McCain 's VP running mate .
Her amazing performance at the Republican National Convention five days into the spotlight showed a real public presence in the proper circumstances .
Then her campaign handlers started putting her in exactly the opposite kind of setting , one - on - one with media sharks out to prove her a dummy .
And it worked .
But she 's got a fine line to walk now .
She 's got to keep Palin out there in the media now and then to keep her name in the GOP buzz for 2012 , but she can't keep talking about last fall , even though that 's what she 'll surely be asked about .
She 's also got to be seen focusing full attention on running an open , efficient state government well .
Palin has an election in Alaska next year one way or the other , either a reelect for the governor 's office or taking on GOP incumbent Sen.
Lisa Murkowski , daughter of the man that reformer Palin knocked out of power in 2005 - 06 .
Media strategists would advise Palin to get off the " media were unfair to me " theme and use the book to look ahead , not back .
To construct her platform and reason for running in 2011 , as her potential GOP competitors like Bobby Jindal et al are already doing at the grass - roots level .
Less Glenn Beck .
More Iowa Lincoln dinners .
As true as the media bias often was , that argument sounds petty to those who have n't endured it or seen family members demeaned .
It looks rookie and it's nowhere near strong enough to run on since the media is n't up for election .
How well did Spiro Agnew do with that pitch ?
Exactly .
Who ?
Few political newcomers anticipate the glare , ferocity and glee of some media in pouncing on their every perceived flaw , even unfairly , and especially if they 're female .
Hillary Clinton 's pantsuits were fair game .
Palin's hair up or down was duly noted daily .
And her shoe colors .
All obvious qualifications for major public office .
What about Joe Biden 's vanity hair plugs or admitted plagiarism ?
Out of bounds .
That 's the way it is for now .
The enduring pros get over it , ignore and move on .
We 'll no doubt hear some media complaints in Laura Bush 's book .
And she 'll have ample evidence that 'll get Republicans nodding in assent .
But she 's not pondering a political future .
For all Palin 's public pluck and exuberance , she has so far shown zero ability to take any question and turn it to her advantage .
She takes each question and tries to answer it .
Like what she reads from Couric .
She seemed surprised at such a condescending question and stumbled in answering .
If she admitted N.Y .
Times , some conservatives might be angry .
Etc .
She ended up giving the appearance of reading nothing .
How about : " What do you mean , what do we read in Alaska ?
Katie , we have actual newspapers and magazines just like the real world down here , except we do n't need daily ozone alerts about unhealthy air to breath .
And we have balanced government budgets , even surpluses .
Ever been online , Katie ?
You can read anything there , as I do daily . "
-- Andrew Malcolm
Speaking of reading , do n't miss anything here .
Register here for cellphone alerts on each new Ticket item .
RSS feeds are also available here .
And we 're now on Amazon 's Kindle as well .
Photo credit : Joseph Kaczmarek / Associated Press ( McCain and Palin in Pennsylvania ) ; Associated Press ( Palin stops to talk with a group of little girls ) .
MSNBC
January 18 , 2009
MEXICO CITY – Indiscriminate kidnappings .
Nearly daily beheadings .
Gangs that mock and kill government agents .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
This is n’t Iraq or Pakistan .
It ’s Mexico , which the U.S. government and a growing number of experts say is becoming one of the world ’s biggest security risks .
The prospect that America ’s southern neighbor could melt into lawlessness provides an unexpected challenge to Barack Obama ’s new government .
In its latest report anticipating possible global security risks , the U.S. Joint Forces Command lumps Mexico and Pakistan together as being at risk of a “ rapid and sudden collapse . ”
“ The Mexican possibility may seem less likely , but the government , its politicians , police and judicial infrastructure are all under sustained assault and pressure by criminal gangs and drug cartels , ” the command said in the report published Nov. 25 .
“ How that internal conflict turns out over the next several years will have a major impact on the stability of the Mexican state . ”
Read article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
This archived news story is available only for your personal , non-commercial use .
Information in the story may be outdated or superseded by additional information .
Reading or replaying the story in its archived form does not constitute a republication of the story .
Salt Lake City --
It 's often we hear about a suspect being tased by police .
But , it 's not every day you hear about a police officer being tased by another officer .
It happened this morning .
Salt Lake City police officers were looking for two men who reportedly passed bad checks at the 7 - Eleven store near 500 North and Redwood Road .
Officers spotted the men a few blocks away at the Super Saver on 729 N. Redwood Road .
Sgt. Robin Snyder , spokeswoman for the Salt Lake City Police Department , said when it became apparent that they might be going to jail , 25 - year - old Thomas Barton began arguing with the officers .
Some sort of scuffle ensued .
Snyder said , " One of the officers deployed his Taser .
And right at that moment , another officer who was near the suspect bent over , and he was actually hit by one of the probes . "
The probe hit the officer in the face .
The other probe hit Barton .
Snyder said , " If someone were to get hit by one probe and another person with another probe , it 's not going to affect them unless they 're touching .
And in this case , they were not touching , so they did not get the full effect of the Taser . "
So neither got the full voltage of the Taser , but each did have the pins embedded in their skin ; that 's why medical personnel were called to scene , though no one was taken to the hospital .
Marlon
Polk 's being held on forgery charges , and Barton is being held on forgery charges , as well as interfering with an arresting officer .
As for the officer who was tased , police tell us he was a new recruit and he went back at work .
E-mail : lprichard@ksl.com
E-mail : mgiauque@ksl.com
×
I 've spent some time looking at Emacs Lisp lately and there 's a weird ecosystem going on there .
ELisp ( and I 'm thinking primarily about Emacs configuration here ) tends to grow organically , because it 's paced by a person 's learning of the editor .
Every now and then someone needs a new function , and they either search or ask around for something similar .
Either it 's been implemented before and the code can be copied into their local Emacs configuration or they can write a simple version that is sufficient for initial usage .
The way I tend to grow my Emacs is either piecemeal , as described above , or by reading other people 's code .
Sharing Emacs configuration code is a long tradition , and there are many webpages dedicated to it ( DotEmacs , there are plenty on the Emacs wiki and ELisp is the 11th most used language on GitHub ) .
Reading someone else 's Emacs configuration is a great way to get new ideas .
Recently I 've found djcb 's dotemacs ( he also runs an interesting blog called emacs - fu ) and the emacs starter kit very interesting .
In particular , I noted two things .
In djcb 's dotemacs , he defines macros for conditional requires , that degenerate gracefully when required libraries are unavailable , instead of erroring .
It similarly has a macro when - available , that runs some code if and only if a given function is available .
These are used liberally throughout his configuration , making it robust against unexpected environmental differences .
When I first saw this I considered it clever ( and still do , really ) and wondered whether I should include something similar in my Emacs configuration .
In the end I decided against it , because I only use Emacs in very similar versions on two machines and version control libraries that are missing from either or both systems .
This ensures that I rarely see errors from missing requires or functions .
In emacs - starter - kit the use of ELPA , the Emacs Lisp Package Archive , intrigued me .
I 'm a big fan of package management , though I tend to be of the 'one package manager to rule them all ( per system ) ' crowd .
Using ELPA instead of ( re-) versioning all the external code I use seems like a good idea , though I 've put it off for a bit due to the number of comments to the effect of ' workaround for bug in ELPA ' in the starter kit .
I 'd also like a web interface to browse available packages and accompanying source so I can check on the status of all the libraries I already use .
Thinking about both these things , gracefully accepting the limitations of environment and package management for dependency resolution , I started to wonder about other best practices for ELisp .
While Emacs is a huge framework in and of itself , the incremental improvement pattern for building ELisp does n't exactly invite to build other frameworks .
So I was n't very surprised when I found that the only unit testing framework is quite new and not generally accepted as the right way to test ELisp ( discussion here ) .
None of the advice or ideas I 've found have really addressed the practice of writing ELisp , maybe with the exception of Steve Yegge 's save - excursion post .
Even people who talk about modularity do n't generally mention how to best organize ELisp modularly .
This is n't necessarily bad .
The lack of clear practices does mean one has to make a lot of judgement calls on what the right thing to do at any given point is , taking into account the one 's own requirements and limitations .
" There 's only three things I 've ever been afraid of : electricity , heights , and women . " -
Thanks özi !
Update 1/15/09 by Alex : Let 's do this instead - a thumbnail with a link to the video clip .
It 's a fascinating excerpt from the IMAX movie Straight Up : Helicopters in Action
It is the region 's most advanced medical resource .
Yet al - Arish hospital , in Sinai , is receiving only a trickle of patients from Gaza
Inside al - Arish hospital , a modern slab of stone and glass in the heart of northern Sinai 's dusty administrative capital , doctors huddle in an office staring in silence at the latest scenes from Gaza flashing up on al - Jazeera TV .
Ahmed Ellabban , professor of surgery at Suez Canal University , shakes his head as he surveys the scene .
" There are 4,000 injured people just 50 km from here , " he says quietly .
" We 're sitting in a very well - equipped hospital with more than 100 doctors on call , ready to deal with more than 400 emergency cases through the week .
But they are not coming .
We do n't know why .
We just wait . "
Oscillating between silence and mayhem , al - Arish hospital – the receiving point for all wounded Palestinians who make it across the Egyptian border – is a surreal backdrop to Gaza 's growing humanitarian crisis .
With the number of patients making it through the contentious Rafah crossing each day rarely reaching double figures , the region 's most advanced medical centre sits frozen in tense expectation most of the time , its tiled corridors empty save for the odd cleaner or local official doing the rounds .
On some days , nobody arrives at all .
But each time a Palestinian ambulance does make it across the thin patch of sand and barbed wire marking no man 's land between Gaza and Egypt , the hospital erupts into activity as staff prepare to receive their new case .
They know it is unlikely to be a simple one .
" Which body part have n't I seen missing ? " says one para­medic when asked what type of shrapnel injuries he had witnessed in victims being transported to al - Arish .
According to hospital records , one in six of those victims have been children .
Perched on a rickety stool outside the ER , her face illuminated by flickering blue ambulance beacons , Nawal Wasa prays for her teenage daughter 's life as doctors fight to save her inside .
" She 's only 16 years old , " Nawal says fiercely .
" She wanted to finish high school and go to university .
That 's all she ever wanted . "
Nawal 's horror began the previous week , when she decided to retrieve Hanin from what she thought would be a safe refuge : her brother 's house in the Gazan neighbourhood of Zeitoun .
" My own house was riddled with bullet holes so I sent Hanin there to protect her .
But that morning , I had a sudden fear of her not being near me , and I knew I had to have her in my arms as soon as possible .
Destiny got to her before I could . "
As Hanin and her uncle stood in the doorway , Israeli jets dropped a single bomb on the house .
" He is a teacher ; she is a student .
We 're not Hamas .
We do n't have anything to do with Hamas , " says Nawal .
" The rubble tore off my brother 's legs and completely severed Hanin 's right foot .
By the time I reached the house , people were already telling me Hanin was dead . "
In fact , Nawal 's daughter was alive , but an endurance test of staggering proportions was awaiting her .
Like all those who eventually pull up in al - Arish hospital 's car park , her mother had to navigate a bureaucratic maze of Gazan medical officials , the Palestinian embassy in Cairo , Hamas border guards and Egyptian military brass before the go - ahead was given for Hanin to be driven down through the battered Gaza Strip .
The journey itself was made on roads torn up by Israeli mortar fire , each bump accentuating the pain of her injury .
Ambulances often have to strike out into the desert and crawl through the sand , under constant risk of being bombed by F16 jets ; two doctors and 12 ambulance drivers have been killed making just such a trip in recent days .
" They are murdering the innocent , and those whose try and help the innocent .
It 's criminal behaviour , " says Ellabban of the attacks on medics .
At the border , a whole new set of searches , registrations and document inspections begins before a transfer of stretchers takes place under the baking Sinai sun and an Egyptian orange ambulance begins the home leg to al - Arish .
As Hanin lies , conscious but silent under a mesh of tubes , the hospital lurches yet again from lethargy to frenzy .
Planes have arrived in the nearby al - Arish airbase to ferry those closest to death on to specialist units in Cairo and Saudi Arabia , and paramedics leap up from the cafeteria to get their ambulances ready .
Relatives spill out on to the steps of the ER as a stretcher is rushed past .
It appears empty until you notice its small human cargo in the middle , buried under a mountain of blood bags and seemingly held together by wires .
The child on the stretcher is eight - year - old Zakaria Ahmed .
His father , Hamada , a textiles worker in Zeitoun , can barely lift his eyes from the ground as the ambulance doors swing open and his son is loaded on .
Two days earlier , Zakaria had been playing in the street , making the most of the free time thrown up by his school 's impromptu closure as a result of the bombardment .
It was shortly after 9 am when mortars began pounding the alleyway ; within seconds , shrapnel had embedded itself in Zakaria 's legs and skull .
Despite his critical condition , though , Zakaria is one of the lucky ones .
" The hospitals at home are overflowing and there 's no space for us , so thanks be to God that we reached here , " says Hamada flatly .
He gazes at the scrum surrounding his son in the car park .
" Thirty people from my family are already dead .
I hope the Israelis one day experience the same nightmares they have brought upon us . "
Two more children are brought out for transfer .
" My sister and two of my cousins were killed by an Israeli rocket as they drank tea on their roof , " says Mahmoud Afana as a third cousin , 10 - year - old Ibrahim , is wheeled past .
" The Israelis , they have no targets .
They just fire randomly , like crazy people . "
Another young man , 24 - year - old Mohammed Najwar , tells his story .
" There were 20 of us sitting round the fire listening to the radio and wondering when we would ever be safe , " he says , puffing furiously on a cigarette as a crowd surges in to listen .
" We only use the radio because there is no electricity for the television .
Suddenly there were four huge explosions above us and I found myself trapped under a rock .
By the time the dust cleared , I could see the bombs had taken away my father and two of my brothers .
My other brother is here , " he adds , jerking his thumb towards the hospital doors .
He offers a hollow laugh when asked why the Israelis targeted his house .
" Because there is nothing else left to target . "
Political debate feels like an unaffordable luxury for relatives of the Gazan wounded , preoccupied as they are with the life and death of their children .
But when recriminations are handed out , their focus varies .
" Of course , Israel will always be our enemy , " says Nawal Wasa .
" They are malicious and they are liars .
Look around you – we are all civilians ; we are all victims of our own houses crumbling upon us .
I hope somebody gives me some explosives so I can give them what they have given me .
But we must also look at the Arab regimes , even here in Egypt .
Yes , the people here are good , but what about the government ?
What are they doing ? "
For Mahmoud Afana , the problem lies closer to home .
" I think this war will end only when Hamas gives up on some of its demands .
And it is not only me praying they will do that – it's the whole of Palestine , " he says .
Pro-Hamas graffiti regularly appears on walls in this area , but Afana is n't afraid .
" Hamas are in their hideouts ; it 's the people who are getting hurt . "
The ambulances leave , the circus subsides , and as night falls on al - Arish , the hospital 's small army of healthcare workers settle themselves back down for another extended bout of strained anticipation .
Over in his office , Ellabban refuses to be drawn into the blame game .
" Regardless of who is at fault , there are doctors and equipment on this side of the wall and sick patients on the other side .
Who is responsible for this crime ? "
He lights a stick of incense and mentions 45 Egyptian doctors still stuck at the Rafah border crossing , having been refused permission to enter Gaza and tend to the injured .
" We are all medical professionals , with a duty to treat people regardless of politics or religion .
Every single person here is ready to go into Gaza on our own responsibility to work and serve these people , and we 're ready to die .
We know what awaits us on the other side . "
And with that , the professor leans back on his chair and returns his gaze to the television , preparing for a long night of examining dying Gazans – through a screen , powerless to help them .
Sitting on top of a silver rocket outside NASA ’s Johnson Space Center in Houston , Texas , is one of the coolest — but least known — Smithsonian artifacts of the Apollo era .
I ’m sure many people have passed it in their rush to see the giant Saturn V rocket nearby .
But unless they ’ve stopped to read the exhibit label , few visitors would appreciate the object ’s significance .
Its official name is Boilerplate - 22 , “ BP - 22 ” for short .
It is essentially an engineering model of the Apollo command module — identical in size and weight to the real thing , but lacking the instruments that would have allowed it to fly in space .
BP - 22 was built to test the Apollo Launch Escape System ( LES ) , a small , thin rocket perched on top of the Saturn V during launch .
If the giant rocket had blown up on the pad , the LES was designed to pull the Command Module quickly away from the destruction so that it could parachute back to earth safely .
The LES was the astronauts ’ life insurance .
The silver rocket is an unused Little Joe II , used to test the LES at the White Sands Proving Grounds in New Mexico during the early 1960s , when the Apollo hardware was still in development .
The Little Joe II shares a heritage with the original Little Joe , a smaller vehicle designed to test a similar escape system used during the Mercury program .
An engineer came up with the name when he saw the two matching pairs of nozzles on the back end of the rocket .
It looked like someone holding a pair of twos , which poker players sometimes refer to as a “ Little Joe . ”
The Little Joe II was bigger than its predecessor , and included a much more complicated series of clustered rockets .
But since it was also designed to test a launch escape system , the name stuck .
The Apollo test program started simple .
The first launch of the Little Joe II , on August 28 , 1963 , carried a plain aluminum shell designed to look like an Apollo capsule with an LES attached .
That proved the booster would work .
The second launch , on May 13 , 1964 , carried BP - 12 and performed the first successful abort using the new escape system .
This was followed by a third launch , using BP - 23 , that tested the effectiveness of the LES when the pressures and stresses on the spacecraft were similar to what they would be during a real launch .
The fourth flight , with BP - 22 on May 19 , 1965 , was designed to test the escape system at a high altitude .
The plan was to fire the LES at about 110,000 feet , right on the edge of space — the highest altitude at which the system could be fired safely .
To demonstrate that the astronauts could escape a sudden Saturn V catastrophe , the LES was supposed to fire its rockets and pull BP - 22 away from the Little Joe II .
Small canards at the top of the LES would keep BP - 22 ’s heatshield pointed down toward Earth during reentry through the atmosphere .
When the spacecraft had reached 40,000 feet , the LES would be jettisoned and the parachutes would deploy , allowing the boilerplate Apollo module to float safely back to Earth .
It did n’t turn out that way .
The Little Joe II quickly gained altitude after launch , but what happened next was an astronaut ’s worst nightmare .
Each of the four fins on the Little Joe II consisted of a large elevon used to steer the rocket .
Unfortunately one of these became stuck , causing the rocket to spin rapidly .
The resulting force starting tearing the rocket apart at an altitude of only 12,000 feet .
For a moment it looked as though BP - 22 would be lost .
But the new escape system did just what it was supposed to :
It detected the breakup of the Little Joe , fired its rocket , and pulled the module away from the doomed rocket .
A few minutes later the parachutes deployed , and BP - 22 landed safely .
In fact , the mockup was in good enough shape to be reused for a later abort test on the launch pad .
Many historians cite the success of Apollo 4 — the first launch of the Saturn V , in November 1967 — as the milestone that got NASA back on track to reaching the moon after the devastating Apollo 1 fire of January 1967 .
That ’s certainly true .
But it was the serendipitous flight of BP - 22 two years earlier that had given engineers confidence that their new launch escape system could handle an actual disaster .
BP - 22 earned its place of honor in Houston .
National Air and Space Museum ’s Center for Earth and Planetary Studies .
Washington Report on Middle East Affairs , July / August 1998 , Pages 48-50
Israel and Judaism
Zionism and Anti-Semitism : A Strange Alliance Through History
By Allan C. Brownfeld
It has , for many years , been a tactic of those who seek to silence open debate and discussion of U.S. Middle East policy to accuse critics of Israel of “ anti-Semitism . ”
In a widely discussed article entitled “ J’Accuse ” ( Commentary , September 1983 ) , Norman Podhoretz charged America ’s leading journalists , newspapers and television networks with “ anti-Semitism ” because of their reporting of the war in Lebanon and their criticism of Israel ’s conduct .
Among those so accused were Anthony Lewis of The New York Times , Nicholas von Hoffman , Joseph Harsch of The Christian Science Monitor , Rowland Evans , Robert Novak , Mary McGrory , Richard Cohen and Alfred Friendly of The Washington Post , and a host of others .
These individuals and their news organizations were not criticized for bad reporting or poor journalistic standards ; instead , they were the subject of the charge of anti-Semitism .
Podhoretz declared : “ ... the beginning of wisdom in thinking about this issue is to recognize that the vilification of Israel is the phenomenon to be addressed , not the Israeli behavior that provoked it .... We are dealing here with an eruption of anti-Semitism . ”
To understand Norman Podhoretz and others who have engaged in such charges , we must recognize that the term “ anti-Semitism ” has undergone major transformation .
Until recently , those guilty of this offense were widely understood to be those who irrationally disliked Jews and Judaism .
Today , however , the term is used in a far different way — one which threatens not only free speech but also threatens to trivialize anti-Semitism itself .
Anti-Semitism has been redefined to mean anything that opposes the policies and interests of Israel .
The beginning of this redefinition may be said to date , in part , from the 1974 publication of the book The New Anti-Semitism by Arnold Forster and Benjamin R. Epstein , leaders of the Anti-Defamation League of B’nai B’rith .
The nature of the “ new ” anti-Semitism , according to Forster and Epstein , is not necessarily hostility toward Jews as Jews , or toward Judaism , but , instead , a critical attitude toward Israel and its policies .
Later , Nathan Perlmutter , when he was director of the Anti-Defamation League , stated that , “ There has been a transformation of American anti-Semitism in recent times .
The crude anti-Jewish bigotry once so commonplace in this country is today gauche ... Poll after poll indicates that Jews are one of America ’s most highly regarded groups . ”
Semitically Neutral Postures
Perlmutter , however , refused to declare victory over such bigotry .
Instead , he redefined it .
He declared : “ The search for peace in the Middle East is littered with mine fields for Jewish interests ... Jewish concerns that are confronted by the Semitically neutral postures of those who believe that if only Israel would yield this or that , the Middle East would become tranquil and the West ’s highway to its strategic interests and profits in the Persian Gulf would be secure .
But at what cost to Israel ’s security ?
Israel ’s security , plainly said , means more to Jews today than their standing in the opinion polls ... ”
What Perlmutter did was to substitute the term “ Jewish interests ” for what are , in reality , “ Israeli interests . ”
By changing the terms of the debate , he created a situation in which anyone who is critical of Israel becomes , ipso facto , “ anti-Semitic . ”
The tactic of using the term “ anti-Semitism ” as a weapon against dissenters from Israeli policy is really not new .
Dorothy Thompson , the distinguished journalist who was one of the earliest enemies of Nazism , found herself criticizing the policies of Israel shortly after its creation .
Despite her valiant crusade against Hitler , she , too , was subject to the charge of “ anti-Semitism . ”
In a letter to The Jewish Newsletter ( April 6 , 1951 ) she wrote : “ Really , I think continued emphasis should be put upon the extreme damage to the Jewish community of branding people like myself as anti-Semitic ... The State of Israel has got to learn to live in the same atmosphere of free criticism which every other state in the world must endure ....
There are many subjects on which writers in this country are , because of these pressures , becoming craven and mealy - mouthed .
But people do n’t like to be craven and mealy - mouthed ; every time one yields to such pressure one is filled with self - contempt and this self - contempt works itself out in resentment of those who caused it . ”
A quarter - century later , columnist Carl Rowan ( Washington Star , Feb. 5 , 1975 ) reported : “ When I wrote my recent column about what I perceive to be a subtle erosion of support for Israel in this town , I was under no illusion as to what the reaction would be .
I was prepared for a barrage of letters to me and newspapers carrying my column accusing me of being ” ˜anti-Semitic ’ ...
The mail rolling in has met my worst expectations ... This whining baseless name - calling is a certain way to turn friends into enemies . ”
What few Americans understand is that there has been a long historical alliance — from the end of the 19th century until today — between Zionism and real anti-Semites — from those who planned pogroms in Czarist Russia to Nazi Germany itself .
The reason for the affinity many Zionist leaders felt for anti-Semites becomes clear as this history emerges .
When Theodor Herzl , the founder of modern political Zionism , served in Paris as a correspondent for a Vienna newspaper , he was in close contact with the leading anti-Semites of the day .
In his biography of Herzl , The Labyrinth Of Exile , Ernst Pawel reports that those who financed and edited La Libre Parole , a weekly dedicated “ to the defense of Catholic France against atheists , republicans , Free Masons and Jews , ” invited Herzl to their homes on a regular basis .
Alluding to such conservatives and their publications , Pawel writes that Herzl “ found himself captivated ” by these men and their ideas : “ La France Juive struck him as a brilliant performance and — much like Duhring ’s notorious Jewish Question 10 years later — it aroused powerful and contradictory emotions ....
On June 12 , 1895 , while in the midst of working on Der Judenstaat , [ Herzl ] noted in his diary , ” ˜much of my current conceptual freedom I owe to [ Edouard ]
Drumont , because he is an artist . ’
The compliment seems extravagant , but Drumont repaid it the following year with a glowing review of Herzl ’s book in La Libre Parole . ”
In the end , Pawel argues , “ Paris changed Herzl , and French anti-Semites undermined the ironic complacency of the Jewish would - be non-Jew . ”
Yet Herzl was not entirely displeased with anti-Semitism .
In a private letter to Moritz Benedikt , written in the final days of 1892 , he writes : “ I do not consider the anti-Semitic movement altogether harmful .
It will inhibit the ostentatious flaunting of conspicuous wealth , curb the unscrupulous behavior of Jewish financiers , and contribute in many ways to the education of the Jews ...
In that respect we seem to be in agreement . ”
Herzl ’s book , Der Judenstaat , was widely disparaged by the leading Jews of the day , who viewed themselves as French , German , English or Austrian citizens and Jews by religion — with no interest in a separate Jewish state .
Anti-Semites , on the other hand , eagerly greeted Herzl ’s work .
Herzl ’s arguments , Pawel points out , were “ all but indistinguishable from those used by the anti-Semites . ”
One of the first reviews appeared in the Westungarischer Grenzbote , an anti-Semitic journal published in Bratislava by Ivan von Simonyi , a member of the Hungarian Diet .
He praised both the book and Herzl and was so carried away with his enthusiasm that he paid Herzl a personal visit .
Herzl wrote in his diary : “ My weird follower , the Bratislava anti-Semite Ivan von Simonyi came to see me .
A hypermercurial , hyperloquacious sexagenarian with an uncanny sympathy for the Jews .
Swings back and forth between perfectly rational talk and utter nonsense , believes in the blood libel and at the same time comes up with the most sensible modern ideas .
Loves me . ”
After the barbaric Kishinev pogrom of April 1901 , when hundreds of Jews were killed and wounded , Herzl came to Russia to barter with V.K. Plehve , the Russian interior minister who had incited the pogrom .
Herzl told Jewish cultural leader Chaim Zhitlovsky : “ I have an absolutely binding promise from Plehve that he will procure a charter for Palestine for us in 15 years at the outside .
There is one condition , however , the revolutionaries must stop their struggle against the Russian government . ”
Zhitlovsky , incensed at Herzl for dealing with a killer of Jews , and aware that Herzl had been outsmarted , persuaded him to abandon the idea .
Still , the Zionist leaders in Russia agreed with the government that the real responsibility for the pogroms rested with the Jewish Bund , a socialist group urging democratic reforms in the Czarist regime .
Zionists wanted Jews to remain aloof from Russian politics until it was time to leave for Palestine .
“ Zionist leaders in Germany shared Hitler ’s hostility to the assimilation of Jews . ”
The head of the secret police in Moscow , S.V. Zubatov , was sympathetic to Zionism as a way to silence Jewish opponents of the repressive Czarist regime .
In her book The Fate of the Jews , Roberta Strauss Feuerlicht reports that , “ Zionism appealed greatly to police chief Zubatov , as it does to all anti-Semites , because it takes the Jewish problem elsewhere .
Both Zubatov and the Zionists wanted to destroy the Bund , Zubatov to protect his country , and the Zionists to protect theirs .
Zionism ’s success is based on a Jewish misery index ; the greater the misery , the greater the wish to emigrate .
The last thing the Zionists wanted was to improve conditions in Russia .
Zionists served Zubatov as police spies and subverters of the Bund ... ”
In his book Jewish History , Jewish Religion , Israel Shahak points out that , “ Close relations have always existed between Zionists and anti-Semites ; exactly like some of the European conservatives , the Zionists thought they could ignore the ” ˜demonic ’ character of anti-Semitism and use the anti-Semites for their own purposes ...
Herzl allied himself with the notorious Count von Plehve , the anti-Semitic minister of Tsar Nicholas II ; Jabotinsky made a pact with Petlyura , the reactionary Ukrainian leader whose forces massacred some 100,0000 Jews in 1918 - 1921 ...
Perhaps the most shocking example of this type is the delight with which Zionist leaders in Germany welcomed Hitler ’s rise to power , because they shared his belief in the primacy of ” ˜race ’ and his hostility to the assimilation of Jews among ” ˜Aryans . ’
They congratulated Hitler on his triumph over the common enemy — the forces of liberalism . ”
Dr. Joachim Prinz , a German Zionist rabbi who subsequently emigrated to the U.S. , where he became vice - chairman of the World Jewish Congress and a leader in the World Zionist Organization , published in 1934 a book Wir Juden ( We Jews ) to celebrate Hitler ’s so - called German Revolution and the defeat of liberalism .
He wrote : “ The meaning of the German Revolution for the German nation will eventually be clear to those who have created it and formed its image .
Its meaning for us must be set forth there : the fortunes of liberalism are lost .
The only form of political life which has helped Jewish assimilation is sunk . ”
The victory of Nazism ruled out assimilation and inter-religious marriage as an option for Jews .
“ We are not unhappy about this , ” said Dr. Prinz .
In the fact that Jews were being forced to identify themselves as Jews , he saw “ the fulfillment of our desires . ”
Further , he states , “ We want assimilation to be replaced by a new law : the declaration of belonging to the Jewish nation and the Jewish race .
A state built upon the principle of the purity of nation and race can only be honored and respected by a Jew who declares his belonging to his own kind .
Having so declared himself , he will never be capable of faulty loyalty towards a state .
The state cannot want other Jews but such as declare themselves as belonging to their nation ... ”
Dr. Shahak compares
Prinz ’s early sympathy for Nazism with that of many who have embraced the Zionist vision , not fully understanding the possible implications : “ Of course , Dr. Prinz , like many other early sympathizers and allies of Nazism , did not realize where that movement was leading ... ”
Still , as late as January 1941 , the Zionist group LEHI , one of whose leaders , Yitzhak Shamir , was later to become a prime minister of Israel , approached the Nazis , using the name of its parent organization , the Irgun ( NMO ) .
The naval attach³ in the German embassy in Turkey transmitted the LEHI proposal to his superiors in Germany .
It read in part : “ It is often stated in the speeches and utterances of the leading statesmen of National Socialist Germany that a New Order in Europe requires as a prerequisite the radical solution of the Jewish question through evacuation .
The evacuation of the Jewish masses from Europe is a precondition for solving the Jewish question .
This can only be made possible and complete through the settlement of these masses in the home of the Jewish people , Palestine , and through the establishment of a Jewish state in its historic boundaries . ”
It continues to state that , “ The NMO ... is well acquainted with the good will of the German Reich Government and its authorities towards Zionist activity inside Germany and towards Zionist emigration plans ” and states that , “ The establishment of the historical Jewish state on a national and totalitarian basis and bound by a treaty with the German Reich would be in the interests of strengthening the future German position of power in the Near East ... The NMO in Palestine offers to take an active part in the war on Germany ’s side ... The cooperation of the Israeli freedom movement would also be in line with one of the recent speeches of the German Reichs Chancellor , in which Herr Hitler stressed that any combination and any alliance would be entered into in order to isolate England and defeat it , ”
The Nazis rejected this proposal for an alliance because , it is reported , they considered Lehi ’s military power “ negligible . ”
Rabbi David J. Goldberg , in his book To the Promised Land : A History of Zionist Thought , discusses the life and thought of the leader of Zionist Revisionism , Vladimir Jabotinsky , who was the great influence upon the life of Menachem Begin .
“ The basic tenets of Jabotinsky ’s political philosophy , ” writes Goldberg , “ are subservience to the overriding concept of the homeland : loyalty to a charismatic leader , and the subordination of class conflict to national goals .
It irked Jabotinsky when , over 20 years later , he was accused of imitating Mussolini and Hitler .
His irritation was justified : he had anticipated them ... Given that for Jabotinsky echoing Garibaldi ” ˜there is no value in the world higher than the nation and the fatherland , ’ it is not altogether surprising that he should have recommended an alliance with an anti-Semitic Ukrainian nationalist .
In 1911 , in an essay entitled ” ˜Schevenko ’s Jubilee , ’ he had praised the xenophobic Ukrainian poet for his nationalist spirit , despite ” ˜explosions of wild fury against the Poles , the Jews and other neighbors , ’ and for proving that the Ukrainian soul has a ” ˜talent for independent cultural creativity , reaching into the highest and most sublime sphere . ”
In a review of the book In Memory ’s Kitchen : A Legacy From The Women of Terezen , Lore Dickstein , writing in The New York Times Book Review , notes that , “ Anny Stern was one of the lucky ones .
In 1939 , after months of hassle with the Nazi bureaucracy , the occupying German army at her heels , she fled Czechoslovakia with her young son and emigrated to Palestine .
At the time of Anny ’s departure , Nazi policy encouraged emigration .
” ˜ Are you a Zionist ? ’
Adolph Eichmann , Hitler ’s specialist on Jewish affairs , asked her .
” ˜ Ja wohl , ’ she replied .
” ˜ Good , ’ he said , ” ˜I am a Zionist too .
I want every Jew to leave for Palestine . ” ’
The point has been made by many commentators that Zionism has a close relationship with Nazism .
Both ideologies think of Jews in an ethnic and nationalistic manner .
In fact , the Nazi theoretician Alfred Rosenberg frequently quoted from Zionist writers to prove his thesis that Jews could not be Germans .
In his study , The Meaning of Jewish History , Rabbi Jacob Agus provides this assessment : “ In its extremist formulation , political Zionists agreed with resurgent anti-Semitism in the following propositions : 1 . That the emancipation of the Jews in Europe was a mistake .
2 . That the Jews can function in the lands of Europe only as a disruptive influence .
3 . That all Jews of the world were one ” ˜folk ’ in spite of their diverse political allegiances .
4 . That all Jews , unlike other peoples of Europe , were unique and unintegratible .
5 . That anti-Semitism was the natural expression of the folk - feeling of European nations , hence , ineradicable . ”
Nazi theoretician Rosenberg , who was executed as a result of his conviction for war crimes at the Nuremberg trials , declared under direct examination : “ I studied Jewish literature and historians themselves .
It seemed to me after an epoch of generous emancipation in the course of national movements of the 19th century , an important part of the Jewish nation also found its way back to its own tradition and nature , and more and more consciously segregated itself from other nations .
It was a problem which was discussed at many international congresses , and Buber , in particular , one of the spiritual leaders of European Jewry , declared that the Jews should return to the soil of Asia , for only there could the roots of Jewish blood and Jewish national character be found . ”
Feyenwald , the Nazi , in 1941 reprinted the following statement by Simon Dubnow , a Zionist historian and author : “ Assimilation is common treason against the banner and ideals of the Jewish people ...
One can never ” ˜become ’ a member of a national group , such as a family , a tribe or a nation .
One may attain rights and privileges of citizenship with a foreign nation , but one cannot appropriate for himself its nationality too .
To be sure the emancipated Jew in France calls himself a Frenchman of the Jewish faith .
Would that , however , mean that he became part of the French nation , confessing to the Jewish faith ?
Not at all ... A Jew ... even if he happened to be born in France and still lives there , in spite of these , he remains a member of the Jewish nation ... ”
Zionists have repeatedly stressed — and continue to do so — that , from their viewpoint , Jews are in “ exile ” outside of the “ Jewish state . ”
Jacob Klatzkin , a leading Zionist writer , declared : “ We are simply aliens , we are foreign people in your midst , and we emphasize , we wish to stay that way . ”
This Zionist perspective has been a minority view among Jews from the time of its formulation until today .
When the term “ anti-Semitism ” is casually used to silence those who are critical of the government of Israel and its policies , it should be noted that Zionism ’s history of alliance with real anti-Semitism has been long - standing and this has been so precisely because Zionism and anti-Semitism share a view of Jews which the vast majority of Jews in the United States and elsewhere in the world have always rejected .
This rarely discussed chapter of history deserves study , for it illuminates many truths relevant to the continuing debate , both with regard to Middle East policy and the real nature of Jews and Judaism .
Allan C. Brownfeld is a syndicated columnist and associate editor of the Lincoln Review , a journal published by the Lincoln Institute for Research and Education , and editor of Issues , the quarterly journal of the American Council for Judaism .
“ It ’s beyond me . ” – Michael Costelloe , father .
“ Everyone ’s completely in shock [ … ]
I saw him three weeks ago when he stopped by , and he seemed to be in good spirits . ” – Matt Dwyer , former colleague .
“ I was shocked when I heard , and it still has n’t really sunk in [ … ]
I never detected anything really troubling about him . ” – Joseph Gannascoli , former fellow Sopranos actor and friend .
By now you ’ve probably heard about former Sopranos actor John Costelloe ’s suicide earlier this month .
I did n’t get wind of the tragedy until late last week , when every news source from Yahoo ! to the New York Times seemed to be covering it .
When I stumbled upon this New York Post article , however , is when I found all the above quotes .
Messages from family members and friends – the people who are often the closest to us – who had no idea , saw no indication , that Costelloe was at risk for suicide .
And why should they have ?
When someone seems happy and content with life , why should we assume that person is at risk for suicide ?
Like the many mental health issues that can put a person at risk for suicide , suicide warning signs can be tricky .
Oftentimes people who ’ve started to develop a plan to commit suicide do n’t act depressed ; rather , they seem happy – and happiness can definitely steer you away from thinking the person is at risk for suicide .
When people who ’re considering suicide become happy , it ’s usually because they have a plan .
They ’ve made a decision , come to a conclusion .
Whatever troubles were ailing them before seem to lessen in their minds because they now know what they ’re going to do about them – bring them to an end with suicide .
Of course , there are many other suicide warning signs .
Losing interest in once - loved activities , giving away one ’s personal belongings , making phone calls or scheduling visits that have a certain “ goodbye ” undertone to them – these could all be indicative of a suicide plan .
Brushing up on suicide warning signs is n’t exactly breezy bedtime reading , but it ’s the kind of information you ’d much rather have than not should the situation ever call for it .
To learn more :
My thoughts and prayers are with Costelloe and his loved ones , as I hope are the rest of the nation’s .
Nearly a year to the day after we heard that WiFi trials were beginning on some of the San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit trains , WiFi Rail has announced a deal that 'll last a score and provide high - speed WiFi " throughout the BART transit system and on all BART commuter trains . "
Reportedly , the network has successfully been tested to handle loads and provide speeds in excess of 15 M bps on trains moving 81 miles - per -hour .
As it stands , four downtown San Francisco stations and some segments of the tunnels are already fully functional , but it 'll take until the end of 2010 before the entire network is complete .
There 's no mention of what the price table will end up looking like , though we are told that subscriptions will be available by day , month or year .
Now , if only this would filter out to every other mass transit entity in America , we'd be just jolly .
Our Politics newsletter is now daily .
Join thousands of others and get the latest Scottish politics news sent straight to your inbox .
Subscribe
Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
THE BBC 's admirable reporter Alan Johnston was rescued from his cruel incarceration in Gaza by the Palestinian government led by Hamas .
At the time , the BBC thanked the people of Gaza , and Hamas Prime Minister Ismael Haniya in particular , for breaking the criminal gang of extortionists who had seized their man - at the risk of their own lives to save his .
Now in the winter of their hardships , as 61,000 families shiver in the ruins of their bombed - out houses , in rags and hungry , the same BBC has stabbed them in the back .
The achievement of the corporation 's management , in uniting the Government , the opposition , the churches , the press , right and left , the anti-war movement , ITV , Channel 4 , Channel 5 , on one side and they and the Israel lobby on the other is almost unparalelled in modern public relations .
After a 22 - day attack which has left thousands of children dead or orphaned and left the Strip looking like a moonscape , the publicly funded , bloated , arrogant , insensitive bosses who 've presided over the Beeb through scandals from Blue Peter to Jonathan Ross have now launched their own airwave strike on the refugees .
And their smokescreen of " impartiality " will prove as deadly to these refugees as any cloud of white phosphorous gas .
The BBC , once the proud emblem of Britishness , is now branded around the world , and dangerously the Muslim world , as an arm of Israeli propaganda .
Its journalists - new Alan Johnstons - have been imperilled .
Its reputation for " impartiality " shot full of as many holes as a UN compound under Israeli bombers .
Its arguments against broadcasting the Disasters Emergency Committee Appeal for Gaza are an insult .
First to the intelligence of the people who pay their licence fees and second to the British charities within the DEC , the likes of Christian Aid , Save the Children ( Patron HRH the Princess Anne ) , Oxfam and the rest .
The BBC 's claim that they can't be sure the aid will get through is aclear accusation against the very humanitarian organisations we trust to deliver aid from Britain in every other world disaster around the world .
In any case , Gaza is a tiny place , now , though not when it most mattered , moving with western journalists .
Gaza is sealed shut .
Where could Christian Aid 's deliveries of medicines and nappies go if not to the suffering ?
The mouthpiece of the corporation in this miserable scandal is a Scot , like Alan Johnston .
She is Caroline Thompson , the daughter of Dundee 's highest political achiever , the late Lord George Thompson , a member of Harold Wilson 's cabinet in the 1960s and a former European Union Commissioner .
' Once an emblem of Britishness , the BBC is now branded around the world - and the Muslim world - as an arm of Israeli propaganda '
Email her at caroline.thompson@bbc.co.uk and let her have apiece of your mind .
The Best Anger Management is Anger Prevention
If you are reading this you do n’t need to be told how destructive anger can be .
You are already motivated to make changes in your emotionally driven behaviors .
You just want to know how and what to do to control or stop your anger .
I ’ll outline a process for getting rid of your anger in this article .
The rest of the process is in the courses on this site .
I do n’t teach people how to manage their anger .
I teach people how to eliminate the root causes of their anger so there is no longer an emotional reaction that you have to control .
I ’ll let you know up front that the material in this website can help you understand and change anger and your other emotions .
It ’s also not for everyone .
It requires work , but overall it will be less energy than you are expending on anger , and keeping it repressed .
Merely reading an article wo n’t do it .
Emotional patterns need more than just intellectual knowledge to change .
You will need to build new habits and perspectives that will build new neural pathways .
This article will help you understand what you are dealing with and a process to rid your self of anger .
The specific practical actions for change are in the Self Mastery Courses .
A different approach to Anger Management
Anger is a destructive force like fire .
It can destroy your home , your business , your career , and your personal relationships .
I would n’t attempt to manage a fire in my house or my relationships .
Any fire , no matter what size , can do unwanted damage .
That ’s why the best kind of fire management is fire prevention .
By the same reasoning , the best kind of Anger Management is Anger Prevention .
Often anger management therapy is directed at how to manage your emotions and behaviors once the fire has started .
Later on you also might learn to identify triggers , or sparks , that set you off into anger so that you can stay ahead of it .
This does n’t mean that you have solved your problem .
The raw materials for combustion are still lying around for you to trip over .
In Anger Prevention you go after the root causes that fuel your anger .
The forces that drive anger are beliefs , specifically false and unconscious beliefs .
Once you become aware of these false beliefs , you apply some practical exercises that will enable them to dissolve .
When you change those false beliefs , you no longer have to manage your anger .
You do n’t have to avoid it because it is no longer there .
The Key to Anger Prevention
The key to anger prevention is to identify the false beliefs .
Beliefs are the elemental structure in the mind that cause us to generate certain thoughts and interpretations about things .
Two major ingredients to a person ’s anger are fear , and a perception of being mistreated , or abused .
Often it is a combination of both .
Often the mental scenarios driving the fears and abuse are not real , or are exaggerated .
They can also happen in the mind below a person ’s level of awareness .
Anger is a natural fight or flight survival response to a real threat ( fear ) or abuse ( hurt ) .
Our emotions also respond in the same way to things we imagine .
When the abuse or fear is in the imagination , anger is still the emotional reaction , but the causes are n’t seen .
This makes anger appear irrational .
The mind can generate fear and emotional abuse through scenarios we imagine .
We can call them projections of false beliefs .
Imagining someone is betraying us or remembering someone abusing us can cause us to become angry .
It happened in our imagination but our emotions still respond as if it were real .
Becoming aware of what the mind is creating and changing it is key .
Adopting a different point of view about these projections is a big factor that can change this dynamic .
Changing your point of view is something that you learn how to do in the Self Mastery Course through some basic practical exercises .
Changing your point of view and beliefs requires a little more introspective work than simply counting to ten or taking deep breaths .
Taking breaths and counting is supposed to give you time to do that , but what if you could do it more directly ?
It involves first learning the skill of noticing your perspective and how to change it .
You also learn awareness skills that allow you to notice what the mind is projecting and not to believe it .
In this process you also learn to not judge your self , or not believe the judgmental voice in your head .
This is necessary because believing that judge often causes such emotional pain and hurt that we respond to anger again .
The beliefs of the “ Judge ” are part of the — > Pain — - Anger cycle .
Not believing the Judge , and then dismantling the Judge ’s thoughts are key to changing the emotions we respond with .
The results of these practices can mean permanent change .
Inventory of your beliefs
The practices for identifying and changing core beliefs that are at the root of your anger are in the Self Mastery Course .
There are several skills you will learn in practicing the exercises in the program .
Aside from learning to change your point of view , you will also be taking a core belief inventory .
To do this process it is NOT necessary to take an inventory of every belief in your life .
You can take an inventory about specific emotional reactions you have .
Taking an inventory of beliefs is like solving a mystery of what is happening in your mind .
The mystery is about discovering what core beliefs are driving your emotions of anger .
Some people might think of this as learning your triggers .
It ’s not .
By taking an inventory , you observe and explore the unconscious part of your mind that is layered below triggers .
If you are like most people , you have not had any training at paying attention to your thoughts and emotions .
These are skills in self awareness that we do not learn in high school or college .
Some people think they are self aware , or can give a pretty good “ self evaluation ” .
What the do n’t realize is that this “ self evaluation ” is actually a rant from the Judge part of their mind and is a list of criticisms .
A real self assessment is objective and points out that the Judge ’s “ evaluation ” are just beliefs from this part of the mind that are not true .
This perspective and awareness is extremely useful if you want to change your beliefs .
I ’ve included two examples of the causes of anger that was discovered through the inventory process with two previous clients .
By practicing some exercises in self awareness these two people were able to immediately begin changing some of their expressions and behaviors .
Once their false beliefs were identified , the anger of these two individuals really began to dissolve .
Anger Example 1 . How Fear can be a Source of Anger
George had worked for a number of companies and had quit each one under similar circumstances of anger and frustration .
George called me after several years of this .
He realized that he could n’t afford to keep quitting jobs .
It had taken a financial toll in the past and he did n’t want to continue the destructive emotional and financial pattern .
George thought he was aware of the pattern , but he did n’t see how to change it .
He tried to will his emotions away but that only worked temporarily .
His efforts at applying self help and personal development techniques made temporary small improvements but he would relapse back to the essential problem of anger .
In some ways his self help attempts made things worse because after a relapse he would judge himself for failing .
He would then be angry at himself and it could come out to others .
Something that made things worse was that George was becoming frustrated at his current IT job at a nice bank .
His frustration had started to turn into anger towards the people around him .
George basically understood the emotional pattern to start with feeling unappreciated .
He would try harder to gain recognition and approval but somehow it would n’t come .
He would work harder for the people around him but still did n’t feel he was recognized and appreciated for his extra efforts .
Over time he felt frustrated and angry at the people for their lack of caring and appreciation .
At a certain point he would become so angry and frustrated with his work situation that he would quit .
Through several self awareness and inventory exercises George began to identify other elements to the triggers that he had n’t seen before .
One of them was fear .
George was so busy attempting to make all the internal clients happy that he had not noticed how much fear was behind his motivation .
He was afraid of disappointing his clients .
He was afraid that they would judge him .
He was afraid of letting them down .
He was afraid they would get angry at him .
Most importantly , he was afraid that they would punish him .
It turned out that George ’s mind spent a good deal of time imagining scenarios where people would get upset with him .
They rarely did , but that did n’t stop George from imagining it .
George was feeling beaten up emotionally by the people at work even though the whole event was taking place in his imagination .
George ’s creation of anger was a natural emotional response to feeling unfairly treated , even if the mistreatment was imagined .
His anger emotions were a rational response ; it ’s just that his thoughts were not .
As we inventoried George ’s fear of being punished he flashed on an experience from his childhood of a particularly harsh teacher .
George remembered being afraid to go to class because of how she treated him .
I asked George to pay particular attention to the scenarios his imagination spun about the people at work and see if there were differences between men and women work associates .
There was .
George did n’t feel abused or fear mistreatment from any of the men .
His fear scenarios all involved women .
The realization of this detail made it easier for George to be skeptical of what he thought in his mind .
We had found a defining event in George ’s experience where his imagination started to project fear of punishment scenarios .
This was related particularly to how women in positions of authority treat him .
George ’s mind continued to project assumptions about his current and future situations based on beliefs learned from years before .
These are unconscious beliefs hiding repressed emotions .
George ’s compensating strategy to these fears was to overextend himself as a “ Pleaser ” to the people he worked for .
He was seeking approval and appreciation in hopes of avoiding punishment .
Overextending himself with this compensating strategy added to George ’s resentment and frustration .
These interpretations and emotions added his anger emotions , but were n’t the root cause .
They appeared as triggers in his justifications , but hid the false beliefs at the source of George ’s anger .
One of the things that made the imagined scenarios seem so real was that occasionally someone at the office would get upset .
George ’s mind selectively used these events to justify his projections .
George also used the emotions he felt from imagined scenarios to misinterpret what was really going on .
A simple conversation with his boss about where he was on a project would be construed in his fearful mind as a reprimand that he was behind schedule .
He felt punished unfairly based on his interpretation of the conversation instead of the reality of the conversation .
Addressing these and other mitigating factors , helped dissolve the elements that drove George ’s anger .
A mistake many people make in trying to eliminate their anger is to look for one specific thing to change .
There are usually several different elements conspiring together in the mind to produce an emotional reaction .
If you look for a simple one element fix , you ’ll likely miss a large part of the problem .
Through specific exercises
George became aware of the way his mind artificially constructed scenarios and created fear and false punishments .
Previously he did n’t even know his mind was manufacturing fear and images of mistreatment .
He was so hard at work trying to please people that he was unaware of the fear scenario that preceded his efforts .
With his new level of awareness George began to consciously intervene and disbelieve his imagination .
Once identified , and with some practice changing his point of view , George changed the emotional pattern he started in grade school .
Not only was George able to drop his anger , but he no longer felt the need to compensate by over extending himself .
At first George thought dropping the “ Pleaser ” side of his personality might cause his productivity to go down .
The opposite happened .
George no longer spent his mental and emotional energy generating fear , resentment , and anger .
He was able to be more productive without the stress of trying so hard to please everyone .
Changing these scenarios also required that George shift his Perspective away from the person being punished in his imagination .
This allowed George to be a less fearful , and more empowered person .
The last time I checked in with George he had built up the confidence to leave his old job and was making quite a bit more at a new position in a new company .
Anger Example 2 . How Self Abuse leads to Anger
David periodically had angry outbursts to his wife for the littlest things .
He ’s been doing it for years and did n’t know why .
After each one he would make a commitment to never do it again .
He could will himself to hold back his emotions for so long , but eventually , an outburst would slip out .
The result would be a punishing commentary from the voice in his head about what a terrible thing he had done and what a miserable being he was .
In a typical situation David was on vacation driving the car with his wife and kids .
His wife grabbed some trash from the center console to clean up the car and that tripped an anger outburst from David .
He snapped at her and blurted out , “ Leave that alone , I got it , ” with toxic venom in his voice .
With the kids in the car he got a hold of his words , but fumed inside for many more miles .
You might think that anger is something that would happen to less educated or unaccomplished people .
David is neither .
He is a doctor .
In spite of his education , none of David ’s training involved identifying and changing his core beliefs or the way his mind created emotions .
With all his intelligence David could n’t make sense of his outbursts until he began paying attention to his internal dialog and core beliefs .
It turns out that they do n’t teach these processes in college , or even medical school .
David started applying self awareness and Self Mastery exercises techniques .
He used the inventory system outlined in the Self Mastery program to investigate and change the root causes of his anger .
By changing his point of view , and increasing his awareness of thoughts , underlying beliefs , and emotions , David has been able to dissolve the large majority of his anger so far , as well as make major changes in other areas of his life .
Finding the root cause of Anger
Through the inventory process David discovered that the root cause of his anger towards his wife was self judgment .
He could n’t see it all those years because he did n’t know how to look at his thoughts from an observer point of view .
He also did n’t know how those thoughts were responsible for his emotions .
From the observer perspective , and becoming informed about how we create emotions , he could see how his beliefs drove his anger outbursts .
In actuality David adores his wife .
He has tremendous love and respect for her .
He is amazed at her patience with their kids , how well she keeps the house clean , and keeps everything organized .
As far as David is concerned she is wonderful and her behaviors exemplary .
However , David ’s belief system uses the example of her behavior differently .
David ’s unconscious mind uses the behavior of his wife as a standard of comparison for him self .
The voice of the Inner Judge in his mind compares his own behaviors to his wife and finds him substandard .
This internal dialog is often going on in his background thoughts when he is around her , or just thinking of her .
David ’s continual criticism from the voice in his head was so incessant it amounted to emotional self abuse .
It hurt emotionally each time his mind compared himself to his wife in certain areas .
Belief in all those self judgments created , and then fed emotional wounds .
Eventually these self judgments would build up emotional pain to the point that his mind was tired of the pain and had to push back .
One way we push back against abuse is with anger .
Since David had no awareness that the pain was from his own self judgments , he blamed whoever was around him .
It often showed up around his wife so his belief system assumed that she was the cause of his pain .
His outburst of anger was simply a fight or flight defense mechanism trying to stop emotional pain .
It ’s just that the mind had unconscious beliefs that associated his emotional pain as being caused by other people like his wife .
She was n’t the cause of his emotional pain , but his unconscious mind had agreed that she was .
It would happen so fast
When David ’s wife would clean up something around him , like in the car incident , David ’s unconscious mind would very quickly run a story .
In that story he would compare his own behaviors against the standard of his wife .
The inner judge in his mind would conclude he was failing and criticize himself .
The anger outburst would happen as a defense against his emotional pain .
It would happen so fast that it would surprise his conscious mind .
David began by paying closer attention to what he assumed were insignificant thoughts .
Once David was able to identify the false assumptions and beliefs woven in his thoughts , his emotional reactions began to shift .
A critical shift happened when he saw how his self judgment created emotional pain that led to an anger reaction .
This brought greater skepticism to all the hidden assumptions about his wife being some part of the cause .
Suspending his belief in these unconscious assumptions was a big step in gaining control over the outbursts .
Bigger changes happened when David began to dissolve his self judgments .
David learned to shift is point of view and that allowed him to suspend belief in his inner critic .
Without belief in his inner critic , David ’s self criticism lost its power .
Once David was no longer so hard on himself his anger reaction began to dissolve .
The next step was to identify and change the beliefs that were driving the self judgments .
Without the beliefs that support self judgment , the self criticism dissolves .
He no longer needs to manage anger , or attempt to control emotional outbursts .
What had been controlling him in so many moments of his past was now gone .
David had found a way to cure himself from the angry outbursts by changing his core beliefs .
Return on Your Investment
Taking the time to do a belief inventory and become aware of the dynamics of the mind that drive your emotions and behavior is not a quick fix .
You can begin to make changes in behavior right away , but completely dissolving your anger takes a little more time .
However , it is a long term solution , and it can be permanent .
Sometimes you will find and change some beliefs that moment , or that day .
Other times it takes a few weeks , or even a few months , to develop the skills to change your point of view and identify and change interpretations and beliefs .
But consider this , the time and effort you are investing is in your self .
And you can benefit from the value of learning these skills for the rest of your life .
That means that the return on the investment of your efforts will be paid back to you for the rest of your life .
Before their experience in self awareness and the Self Mastery exercises , George and David continually tried to manage or control their emotions of anger .
They had no idea that their anger was just a reaction to their fears , abuse from self judgment , and other false beliefs .
No matter how successful they were in controlling their anger , it was only temporary .
In each case , the mind was unconsciously generating more anger for them to manage and deal with .
Gaining control of your emotional reactions is like continually putting out fires .
This is what most anger management techniques attempt to do .
Anger prevention addresses gaining control over the beliefs and interpretations that are at the source of your emotions and anger so you do n’t have to control or put out anymore fires .
If you have a sincere desire to eliminate unnecessary and unwanted anger from your life and relationships , then consider investing in your self .
Take the time to become aware of your internal dialog , beliefs , how they affect your emotions , and how to change them .
With that awareness you can change what goes on in your mind and get rid of your anger permanently .
It begins with awareness , and that leads to practicing actions that create change .
The steps to for eliminating anger and other emotional reactions are in the Self Mastery Course .
3
Once upon a time the Denver Post was a pretty good newspaper .
These days ?
Well , it ’s pretty much like every other newspaper .
And that is n’t a compliment .
On Sunday last ( the 21st ) we were presented with a front - page , above - the - fold case study in what happens when budget cuts drive too many professionals out of the newsroom and talent that might once have served the public interest in a journalistic role turns to public relations .
Short version : one the Denver area ’s more challenged school districts , Adams 50 in suburban Westminster , is abandoning traditional grade levels and implementing a new “ standards - based ” system that will teach and promote students according to their proficiencies in individual subjects .
That is , your child ’s 6th - grade English class might include students ranging from ages 10 - 16 , and a student might be 4th - grade level in Science and 8th - grade level in Math .
While this is n’t an indefensible concept on its face , what ’s happening in fact is in dire need of critical examination .
Unfortunately , instead of sending a reporter to do the story , the Post assigned a typist , apparently with explicit instructions to write down and treat as gospel every word the consultant said .
( You knew there had to be a consultant in here , right ? )
Let me preface my criticism with a couple points .
First , I have been a consultant and and worked in PR on and off for a couple decades now , so my reaction to this story is a little conflicted .
The citizen in me is distressed to no end , but the professional practitioner in me is overawed by how beautifully the Post was played .
I assure you , the PR hacks behind the article nearly wet themselves with glee at how pliant the “ reporter ” was .
This effort will win some PR awards , as long as it ’s submitted .
Second , while I ’m going to be brutally critical of the transcriptionist reporter here – Jeremy P. Meyer , whom I ’ve never read before – the fault is hardly all his .
My colleague , Dr. Denny , has written at length about the plight of the print daily reporter , who is routinely asked to do more and more with less and less , so Meyer may well be doing the best that he can do .
For all I know , he may have had misgivings about the disservice he was perpetrating on his readers , but decided that he had to do what he was instructed to do .
It ’s impossible to say .
Further , the story got past the editors and made it to the front page of the Sunday edition , so at the very least he had accomplices .
All this being said , the story is right there in black and white , with Meyer ’s name on it , so that makes it his responsibility .
Finally , I ’m assuming that there ’s a very good PR firm behind this story .
If there is n’t , then the consultants are doing their own promotion and they ’re definitely in the wrong line of work .
They ’re significantly better than some well - paid PR folks I know personally and professionally .
Cue the Marching Band
So , what ’s wrong with the story ?
Let ’s start with the headline :
“ Adams 50 skips grades , lets kids be pacesetters ”
The truth on this program is that it ’s controversial , to say the very least .
But the header makes clear that the program is a winner – the kids get to be the pacesetters .
“ Pacesetter ” is a good thing – it ’s like pioneer and trailblazer and innovator , powerful memes that Americans especially treasure .
The tone of the header privileges “ kids ” – we love and cherish kids – and apparently the editor writing the headline never pauses to ask whether or not kids , especially kids in a failing school , might not be qualified to , you know , paceset .
Children are smart .
It ’s those darned adults who need to shut up and get the heck out of the way of all the learning that will naturally take place when kids are put in charge .
Or am I making too much of this ?
Well , let ’s read on and see what happens .
The subhead ( which does n’t appear in the online version , but is in the print edition ) reads :
In the innovative standards - based learning program the 10,000 - student district will use , age does n’t matter , but performance does .
The lead carries on :
A school district in Westminster struggling with declining enrollment and falling test scores will try something revolutionary next year that many say never has been accomplished in the Lower 48 .
It ’s “ Revolutionary ® . ”
Ask yourself how often you encounter that word – revolutionary – in a context that sells it as a bad thing .
If you ’re like me , probably never .
So , are you excited yet ?
Are you convinced ?
The reporter PR agency certainly is , and they want you to be , too .
“ If they can pull this off , it will be a lighthouse for America ’s challenged school districts , ” said Richard DeLorenzo , the consultant who implemented a standards - based model in Alaska and is working with Adams 50 .
“ It will change the face of American education . ”
Wow .
“ Lighthouse ” ?
Are you kidding me ?
“ Challenged ” is nice , too – they ’re down , but not out , so long as we can innovate them a whole new way of doing things .
And the last line – “ change the face of American education ” – it ’s a shame that basic text ca n’t communicate the epic orchestral soundtrack that ’s no doubt swelling in the background as DeLorenzo speaks .
There are two words in there that ought to set off your alarm bells , though : “ consultant ” and “ Alaska . ”
Having been a consultant I ’m certainly not here to tell you that they ’re / we ’re all necessarily evil .
But many of them do make their money by repackaging old ideas , slapping some fresh buzzwords on them , and reselling them as something that ’s brand spanking new .
And in the ed world there ’s a shiny new package being pitched every eight seconds or so .
More on all this later .
Next , a brief , but critically important blurb about the district :
A district of 10,000 students and 21 schools , Adams 50 serves a working - class suburb north of Denver .
Seventy - two percent of its students are poor enough for federal meal benefits , two - thirds are Latino , and 38 percent still are learning English .
Two years ago the district was put on academic watch because of achievement troubles ; fewer than 60 percent of students graduate on time .
The Real Issues , Unexamined
This is key information , mainly because it provides us with some solid footing for a reality check .
As we get deeper into the “ solution , ” keep the dynamics in those three sentences firmly in mind , because we ’re going to need to question whether the deal we ’re being sold seems to address the core causes of failure in the district : poverty and crippling language barriers .
I need to add a bit more texture here .
I have a small bit of insight into Adams 50 because my sister - in - law taught in the district for five or six years , and the problems it faces are far more complex and confounding than even the haunting statistics above indicate .
For instance , in addition to the fact that many of these students speak no English , understand that they ’re not all Latino – there may be students from multiple Asian and European cultures in the room .
In fact , as many as 45 different languages , including such rarely encountered tongues as Lao , Farsi , Vietnamese and Romanian , are spoken by Adams 50 students .
So even a teacher who ’s conversant ( or fluent ) in Spanish , as a some are , have a daunting task bridging the gap with a good number of their students .
Worse , class sizes can approach 40 ( at the middle school level a teacher can have six of these a day ) , a number that ’s unmanageable even if they ’re all English - speaking honors students .
Finally , a good number of the Latin students are from migrant farm worker families and they will be moving on in a few months .
Odds are that they will never speak English , nor will anything meaningful ever happen to them in any classroom .
Meyer seems not to have asked the questions needed to elicit this information , although pretty much any teacher or administrator in the system could have provided it .
“ What we are doing right now is not working , ” said Superintendent Roberta Selleck , who was hired in 2006 to reform the district .
“ We think this will be huge . ”
Einstein was certainly right .
Doing the same thing and expecting different results is the very definition of madness .
But … the way the story is constructed , it ’s almost as though there are only two options : the old way or DeLorenzo ’s program .
“ Well , shooting ourselves in the foot was n’t working , so we decided to try stabbing ourselves in the balls instead .
We think this is going to be huge . ”
Not to belabor the point , but neither students , parents , teachers , administrators or taxpayers are well served by a reporter who ’s too busy cheerleading to ask some basic ( and almost painfully obvious ) questions .
The next section of the story provides a few details on how the program works , and again , the critical reader is advised to question whether the proposed technique offers some hope against poverty and crippling language barriers .
The section is capped by a sequence that ’s so brilliantly crafted that the PR weasel in me leaps to its feet in wild applause :
“ In a standards - based system , time becomes the variable and learning is the constant , ” Selleck said .
“ When a kid can demonstrate proficiency of a standard , they move on .
There is nothing magical about a quarter , semester or the end of school .
That becomes blurred .
Learning becomes much more 24 - 7 . ”
This is a coup of persuasive language – and let ’s be clear , the goal of this story is to sell , not inform – because it so deftly integrates an intelligent observation with a marvelously worded selling point .
In doing so , it makes them seem like the same thing .
The idea that there ’s “ nothing magical about a quarter , semester or the end of school is not only accurate and insightful , it ’s one I share myself ( I ’ve long been a proponent of year - round schooling , for instance , and believe that the most effective education takes place in comprehensive cultures of learning where there ’s a strong emphasis on learning in the home – so “ school ” never really ends ) .
But this is paired with “ [ i ] n a standards - based system , time becomes the variable and learning is the constant . ”
That ’s sales lingo , and very well - crafted sales lingo , to boot .
“ Standards - based ” is a weasel term masquerading as something so scientific as to be unquestionable , and that is in fact its purpose – to deter opposition .
How would it be possible to question the premise that education should be held to standards ?
“ What is a standard ? ” Meyer should have asked .
He should have insisted that the people selling this program explain why their standards - based program was bound to be successful where the current standards - based programs are n’t , because in fact the programs that are failing us across America every day are standards - based .
Want some proof ?
Scroll back to the sentence we saw earlier : “ Two years ago the district was put on academic watch because of achievement troubles … ”
Now , how do you suppose they concluded that the district was having “ achievement troubles ” ?
I bet there are some standards dictating the use of that term and defining where the cutoff is .
And unless I ’m mistaken , the people who built the old system , who reported up through a zillion layers of hierarchy to the state ’s governing authorities , those people would tell you that they were doing standards - based programs .
Need more ?
Students will still take the state ’s standardized test — the Colorado Student Assessment Program — to monitor both individual and schoolwide progress .
The district has spent the year defining the standards for each level , training teachers and working with state officials to create assessments .
But what about the rest of the formulation ?
… time becomes the variable and learning is the constant .
So , learning will be the constant among those students who do not and never will speak English ?
It will be the constant for students from homes that see schools as warehouses ?
For kids who have to work significant hours at jobs to help pay the bills in poverty - stricken homes ?
This misdirection asks us to accept , without questioning , the premise that time - focus is the real culprit here , not poverty and crippling language barriers .
Now that you think about it , does that make even a little bit of sense to you ?
I imagine Denny doing this story instead of Jeremy .
He ’d probably tee up something like “ So , Ms. Selleck , your program creates extra hours in the day ? ”
Well , maybe not – I doubt Denny would resort to snark .
But I imagine all the winking between DeLorenzo and Selleck would come to an abrupt halt as it became clear that they were dealing with a reporter who was going to do more than simply cut-and - paste from the press release .
“ It ’s been working so well , ” said Kim Carver , who teaches first - grade math in the standards - based model at Tennyson Knolls Elementary School .
“ The kids are in control . ”
It ’s good to hear that things are going well in Carver ’s classroom , but if things are better now that the kids are in control , does n’t that suggest a follow - up question or two about her capabilities ?
More to the point , does this suggest another hypothesis about why the school was failing in the first place ?
( Or maybe I should be careful here – Carver ’s actual opinions may not be reflected at all by this quote – these could be the only marginally positive words she said in a five - minute rant ; the slant of the “ reporting ” makes it impossible to trust . )
Then there ’s this , which I ’m asked to accept as something like conclusive evidence , I suppose :
Six - year - old Dominic Herrera showed one of them on the subject of counting pennies .
On the chart were four categories : “ I need help , ” “ I think I can , ” “ I know I can ” and , finally , “ I can teach it . ”
Dominic had reached the “ I know I can ” level and was onto the next category , telling time in five - minute intervals .
He was at the “ I think I can ” level .
“ It ’s neat that they have ownership , and they know what proficiency means , ” Carver said .
“ It ’s not arbitrary anymore . ”
Again , there ’s good news and bad news here .
A program that excites kids and gets them to buy into learning is about as good as it gets .
So let ’s file that as “ potentially quite good . ”
But if we ’re smart , we ’re aware of a couple things .
First , Dominic might be a perfect case study , but there ’s one of him , and there ’s only so much you can know about a system from looking at a sample size of one .
Second , do you think they put their worst example in front of the reporter or their best ?
What conclusions can you legitimately draw about a large program from a cursory look at its single best result ?
Did Meyer ask these kinds of questions ?
If he did , we have no evidence of it .
Next we get some commentary from another consultant who thinks it ’s all a great idea – Bob Marzano , who ’s one of the better - known ed consultants out there – and he notes , probably correctly , that “ [t ] he moment a district the size of Adams 50 pulls this off , you will see a lot of districts on their doorstep . ”
There ’s a lot of “ if ” in that equation , of course , and Meyer chooses to reproduce the assertion without reservation .
But then a curious bit from state Deputy Education Commissioner Ken Turner .
“ This is a departure from one - size - fits - all … It ’s more customized learning .
If we want a path to better results , we should be willing to try different things .
. . .
We applaud their efforts . ”
On its face this makes perfect sense .
Customized is good ( albeit pricy ) .
One - size - fits - all might be okay for certain kinds of things , but I ’d agree that it ’s not your optimal model for an entire system .
So far so good .
But … the ideal path to customization , in most cases I can think of , involves more favorable student : teacher ratios .
It ’s great to hear that he ’s willing to try different things , but not too long ago the teachers in Adams 50 negotiated a pay raise intended to foster a higher rate of professionalism and better teaching – in essence , a tactic aimed at improving customization , etc .
The district ’s response : it slashed staff and increased class sizes beginning in academic year 2006 - 7 .
It would have been enlightening if Post readers had been given an opportunity to hear Turner explain his thinking in light of this larger context .
What About Alaska ?
As noted earlier , DeLorenzo ’s plan has been tested .
DeLorenzo helped implement a nationally recognized standards - based system in the Chugach School District — a district of about 200 students scattered throughout 22,000 square miles of mostly isolated areas in south - central Alaska .
The model transformed the district , where 90 percent of students could n’t read at grade level .
The results are noteworthy , assuming they ’re accurate .
But in a piece so thoroughly absent even the most rudimentary critical awareness , we ’d be foolish to take these kinds of success claims at face value .
Further , the venue of the test was anomalous , at best , and as far removed from the conditions facing Adams 50 educators as it ’s possible to imagine .
For comparison purposes , we ’re talking about a district that ’s significantly larger in area than Rhode Island , and only slightly smaller than Delaware .
The district certainly faced challenges , but nothing I can find makes clear that it ’s a sensible model for systems like the one in Westminster .
Chugach ’s 214 students are scattered throughout 22,000 square miles of mostly isolated and remote areas of South Central Alaska .
With 30 faculty and staff , CSD is the smallest organization to ever win a Baldrige Award .
CSD delivers instruction in education from preschool up to age 21 in a comprehensive , standards - based system .
Education occurs 24 hours a day , 7 days a week .
Instruction is delivered in the work place , in the community , in the home and in school .
Half ( 50 % ) of the students in the Chugach School District are minorities ( Alaska Natives ) .
( Source )
How many ways can you find where Chugach is very , very unlike Adams 50 ?
For starters , I think I see a 7:1 student : teacher ratio and while I can’t find anything that tells me about languages spoken , I ’d be stunned to learn that Chugach teachers are facing the cultural diversity we see in Adams County .
It looks like you have two basic cultural groups there , and I suspect that ’s more manageable than what I know exists in many Adams 50 classrooms ( remember that 45 different languages bit from above ) .
Additionally , note that between state funding and private grants the Chugach district was receiving nearly $ 17,000 per child .
In Adams 50 the figure is slightly over $ 10,000 .
So , to sum up :
$ 7,000 more per student
7:1 vs. 35+:1
only about 5 % of Alaskans speak native languages ( pardon my Wiki here – feel free to dig deeper in the footnotes and here ; I ca n’t find any more specific data on what languages are spoken in the Chugash district and whether these pupils also speak English , but it seems like the very worst - case scenario is substantially better than what ’s going on in Adams 50 )
Then Meyer , perhaps accidentally , brushes up against some potentially critical information .
Let ’s go line by line , because he refused to .
The Gates Foundation gave the Chugach district $ 5 million to replicate the model across Alaska .
About a dozen Alaska districts have tried to implement the model — some with success .
Others abandoned it .
How hard would it have been to tell us more specifically how many had luck and how many gave up ?
The way it ’s put here could probably apply to a 75 % - 25 % split in either direction , and that ’s not an insignificant gap .
Given how hard the story is trying to get me to buy the program , I ca n’t helping leaning toward the skeptical side .
That ’s a sure mark of bad reporting – it forces the reader into unevidenced speculation .
The ones that abandoned the program – why did they do so ?
Well , here we get the reporter reading directly from the talking points of every anti-teacher ’s union spokesnozzle in America :
Denali Borough School District removed the system from two of its three schools when teachers complained that tracking student progress was becoming too burdensome .
Teachers “ complained ” that doing their jobs was “ burdensome . ”
This is n’t just slanted language , it ’s an appalling hit job by the reporter typist .
Where did this information come from , I wonder ?
Well , it is n’t attributed to anyone with the Denali Borough District , and we ’ve seen nothing else in this story to suggest that Meyer is the type to pick up the phone and ask a lot of difficult questions .
But – it ’s a “ fact ” that serves the interests of someone we know he ’s talked to quite a bit , is n’t it ?
Up next , a spokesman who believes in the program :
“ One of the toughest issues is not giving grades anymore , ” said Roger Sampson , head of the Denver - based Education Commission of the States who was the superintendent at the Chugach district when the standards - based system was introduced .
Sampson has been a advocate for the model , which he says works “ tremendously ” if leadership and stakeholders are behind it .
I actually do n’t doubt this – as I said earlier , I have no evidence to reject this kind of model outright .
It may be a very good idea , properly executed .
But I think Sampson says something very important in that last sentence .
There is n’t just one way to teach , nor is there only one way to teach well .
But at the system level , my guess is that most of the effective techniques have something in common – the support of leadership and stakeholders .
That ’s not everything , but without it nothing is going to work .
Fair and Balanced
In the waning moments of the sales presentation article , Meyer remembers that he needs to introduce some “ balance , ” so he turns to Van Schoales , an “ education expert at the Denver - based Piton Foundation . ”
He is “ skeptical about Adams 50 ’s chances . ”
“ There is a reason why school districts have a hard time implementing this , because they do n’t replace their old systems , ” said Schoales , who added that his only understanding of Adams 50 ’s plan is from its website .
You ’re kidding me , right ?
We know of at least two places in Alaska where they shut the program down , and instead of talking with an informed source there Meyer hunts down an “ expert ” who ’s never encountered the program ?
This means our lone voice of dissent comes up a little short on the credibility meter , huh ?
So , what ’s really going on here in the Skeptics Gallery ?
Allow me to speculate .
A good PR flak knows that a reporter is going to have to pretend to tell the “ other side , ” and will therefore “ help ” the typist reporter find a suitable source .
In my own work as a PR guy , I have put reporters onto my client ’s competitors – I ’ve even written competitors into my pitches .
This puts the PR flak not only in command of the story , but it lets him / her control the response to it .
If I can guarantee a lame rebuttal , I pretty much own the whole “ debate , ” do n’t I ?
Clever , that .
Or maybe I ’m being too paranoid here – I do n’t know that this is what happened , do I ?
I do admire the professional savvy of whoever is behind the story , though , and have seen it played just this way myself .
In any case , it works out in favor of the folks selling the bridge , does n’t it ?
Then we have the big finish – the compelling anecdote that seals the deal and sticks with the reader .
Richard Rodriguez thinks it will work .
He pulled his children from Adams 14 to attend Adams 50 ’s Metz Elementary , the pilot school , because of the new model .
His kids , who are in kindergarten to fourth grade , now are more engaged in school , he said .
“ They are excited about going to school , ” he said .
“ We do n’t have to get them up .
They are excited about the program .
They have their own goals , and they know what they are learning and why they are learning it .
I have seen the transformation . ”
I do n’t know who Rodriguez is , and I certainly do n’t doubt his concern for his children .
But I would call everybody ’s attention to the scorecard , where on the one side we have :
a reporter who ’s giddy as a schoolgirl ,
rhetorically gushing anecdotal pom-pomming , and
data from an anomalous trial district .
On the other side , we have
a hobbled “ expert ” who ’s technically never seen the program he ’s asked to talk about in a
“ skeptics ” section with 92 words ( out of more than 1,100 in the entire article ) and
a reporter who ’s avoiding legitimate critical voices like he would a skunk with rabies .
Wow – they ca n’t even get false balance right .
Real Reporting , Please ?
There may come a time when the Adams 50 model is indeed the lighthouse for every child in America .
We may one day celebrate the consultants and administrators pushing it as heroes in our nation ’s fight against ignorance .
But if we do , it will be because we have asked tough questions of those selling their ideas .
The most fundamental of those questions will need to address the issues noted above : how does your approach overcome poverty , crippling language barriers and cultural contexts that are largely antithetical to learning when other “ standards - based ” programs have failed ?
In the meantime , the best we can hope for – as faint as that hope may be – are journalists who can tell the difference between reporting and shilling .
Jeremy Meyer and the Denver Post should be ashamed of themselves for the damage they ’ve done to the truth in this story .
If this is to be the state of local journalism in Denver from here on out , then maybe outsourcing the whole shooting match to Bangalore is n’t such a bad idea after all .
Thanks to Rob Spencer , who helped me find some of the information used in this post .
Pakistan on Tuesday rejected the Indian allegation .
“ Scoring points like this will only move us further away from focusing on the very real and present danger of regional and global terrorism , ” Sherry Rehman , Pakistan ’s information minister , said in a statement , according to Reuters .
“ It is our firm resolve to ensure that nonstate actors do not use Pakistani soil to launch terrorist attacks anywhere in the world . ”
Pakistan has said it is examining the information sent by India .
The dossier narrates a journey of zeal , foibles and careful planning , one whose blow - by - blow news coverage was followed by handlers , believed to be in Pakistan , and used to caution the gunmen about the movement of Indian security forces and to motivate them to keep fighting .
“ Everything is being recorded by the media .
Inflict the maximum damage .
Keep fighting .
Do n’t be taken alive , ” a caller said to a gunman in the Oberoi Hotel in the early hours of the three - day rampage .
“ Throw one or two grenades at the Navy and police teams , which are outside , ” came one instruction to the gunmen inside the Taj Mahal hotel .
“ Keep two magazines and three grenades aside and expend the rest of your ammunition , ” went another set of instructions to the attackers inside Nariman House , which housed an Orthodox Jewish center .
At the Taj Mahal , the attackers were asked by their counselors whether they had set the hotel on fire ; one attacker said he was preparing a mattress for that purpose .
At the Oberoi , an attacker asked whether to spare women ( “ Kill them , ” came the terse reply ) and Muslims ( he was told to release them and kill the rest ) .
At Nariman House , they were told that India ’s standing with a major ally , Israel , might be damaged .
“ If the hostages are killed , it will spoil relations between India and Israel , ” one handler said .
According to the investigation into the attack , the 10 gunmen boarded a small boat in Karachi at 8 a.m. on Nov. 22 , sailed a short distance before boarding a bigger carrier believed to be owned by an important operative of a banned Pakistan - based terrorist group , Lashkar - e - Taiba .
The next day , the 10 men took over an Indian fishing trawler , killed four crew members , and sailed 550 nautical miles along the Arabian Sea .
George W. Bush has been one of the most polarizing presidents in recent history .
But he has shown a strong spirit of cooperation and graciousness toward his successor , which has surprised his critics and serves as a reminder of what might have been .
The wonder is why he has n't reached out like this before .
It might have helped him bridge the partisan divide in Washington and mute the nasty tone that has degraded politics for nearly his entire administration .
" If he had done this type of thing a few years ago , reaching out , it might have made a real difference , " says a senior Democrat who worked for President Bill Clinton .
During his 2000 campaign , Bush promised to be a " uniter " not a " divider , " but he failed to achieve that goal .
Instead , under the guidance of political strategist Karl Rove , he governed from right of center and too often dismissed the ideas of his opponents .
His critics say that , over time , he became quite inflexible in his policy making .
This complaint is especially strong among Democrats who say Bush pushed them away early on as he sought to appeal to his conservative base and the Republicans who at that time controlled the House and Senate .
His critics argue that after the terrorist attacks of 9/11 , he might have ushered in a new era of conciliation by advocating some big , unifying projects , such as a renewed commitment to reducing reliance on Middle Eastern oil or a campaign to promote volunteer action on a vast scale at home .
None of that happened .
But in recent weeks , something new has been occurring .
For one thing , Bush has turned introspective .
He admitted to interviewers that one of his biggest disappointments was his failure to improve Washington 's rancorous atmosphere .
And since Election Day , when voters repudiated his party and his policies , another side of George W. Bush has emerged — the man who , as governor of Texas , did reach out to the other side .
Since Barack Obama won the White House , Bush has encouraged his staff to ease the president - elect 's transition as much as possible .
To that end , White House Chief of Staff Josh Bolten hosted a dozen of his predecessors for breakfast in early December in a session designed to give incoming chief of staff Rahm Emanuel a clear picture of what his job will entail .
Emanuel got plenty of helpful suggestions from insiders ranging from Bolten to Leon Panetta , who served Bill Clinton , and Ken Duberstein , who worked for Ronald Reagan .
Participants said Emanuel took copious notes and seemed very appreciative of the suggestions .
Press secretary Dana Perino also has been very informative and gracious to incoming spokesman Robert Gibbs .
But the most important moment of outreach is yet to come — the extraordinary luncheon that Bush will host January 7 at the White House for Obama himself .
It will include all three living ex-presidents — Jimmy Carter , George H.W. Bush , and Bill Clinton .
This exclusive club is expected to give Obama some tips about his new life in the White House , how he can deal with his lack of privacy and , overall , the challenges he can anticipate as the leader of the free world .
" These men share experiences that no one else can imagine , " Perino told reporters .
" It will be fabulous to have them all here together . "
It apparently will be the first time such a conclave of former presidents has been held under the auspices of an outgoing administration to demonstrate solidarity with a new commander in chief .
" It is a magnanimous gesture — to help the new president with the voice of experience from the people who actually sat in the Oval Office , " says Duberstein .
" And having the former presidents share their insights collectively is absolutely the way the American people want our government leaders to act .
This should be heartening for both sides of the aisle . "
Adds Duberstein : " You have enough bumps in the road anyway .
Maybe this will let him [ Obama ] avoid some . "
Obama 's advisers say he is looking forward to the session .
Democratic strategists , including many linked to Congress who have battled the Bush administration for the past eight years , say such a spirit of comity is long overdue .
It 's unclear whether it will last much beyond Inauguration Day .
Read more about Bush 's legacy .
Read more about Obama 's team .
A Danish woman has been convicted of having two of her daughters genitally mutilated in Denmark 's first such case to come before a court .
The mother , who is of African origin , was also accused with her husband of planning a trip to Sudan to circumcise another daughter , aged five .
She was given a two - year sentence but freed , AFP news agency says , as she had already spent four months in jail .
A 2003 law makes genital mutilation punishable by up to six years in jail .
The father of the two girls , aged 10 and 12 , said he did not know what was happening and was acquitted .
Female circumcision is most common in Africa .
It involves the surgical removal of a young girl 's clitoris or other genital parts .
Some 100 to 140 million girls and women around the world have undergone genital mutilation , including 6.5 million in Western countries , according to a 2007 study by the French National Institute for Demographic Research .
Female circumcision can cause death through haemorrhaging and later complications during childbirth .
It also carries risks of infection , urinary tract problems and mental trauma .
As the world stumbles from the truly horrible year of 2008 into the very scary year of 2009 , there seems , on the face of it , many reasons for the foes of America to think that the world 's number one power will take heavier hits than most other big nations .
Those reasons will be outlined below .
But let 's start by noting that curious trait of human beings who , in pain themselves , seem to enjoy the fact that others are hurting even more badly .
( One can almost hear some mournful Chekhovian aristocrat declare : " My estates may be damaged , Vasily , but yours are close to ruin ! " )
So while today 's Russia , China , Latin America , Japan and the Middle East may be suffering setbacks , the biggest loser is understood to be Uncle Sam .
For the rest of the world , that is the grand consolation !
By what logic , though , should America lose more ground in the years to come than other nations , except on the vague proposition that the taller you stand , the further you fall ?
The first reason , surely , is the U.S. 's truly exceptional budgetary and trade deficits .
There is nothing else in the world like them in absolute measures and , even when calculated in proportion to national income , the percentages look closer to those you might expect from Iceland or some poorly run Third World economy .
To my mind , the projected U.S. fiscal deficits for 2009 and beyond are scary , and I am amazed that so few congressmen recognize the fact as they collectively stampede towards the door entitled " fiscal stimulus . "
The planned imbalances are worrying for three reasons .
The first is because the total projections have been changing so fast , always in a gloomier direction .
I have never , in 40 years of reading into the economics of the Great Powers , seen the figures moved so often , and in such vast proportions .
Clearly , some people do believe that Washington is simply a printing machine .
The second reason all this is scary is because no one seems to be certain how usefully ( or fecklessly ) this money will be applied .
I wish Barack Obama 's administration all the best , but I am frightened by the prospect that he and his team will feel under such time pressures as to shovel out the money without adequate precautions , and that lots of it will slip into the wrong hands .
The news in the press last week that lobbyists were pouring into Washington to make the case for whatever industry , interest group , or service sector they have been hired to represent made my heart sink .
Printing lots of unsecured money is bad enough .
Frittering it away on courtiers is worse .
Security watchers Marshal claim the infamous Storm botnet is no more , after waning spam emails finally dried up altogether last month .
Other security researchers have noted a similar decline , but warn that while the botnet is currently inactive it may yet return , possibly in a more potent form .
Storm front
The malware used to create zombie clients within the Storm botnet first began circulating in January 2007 in emails referencing the lethal storms ravaging Europe at the time .
Prospective marks were invited to click links that directed them towards booby - trapped websites that infected Windows PCs .
Over time the gang behind the Storm worm - actually more accurately described as a Trojan - developed a variety of different social engineering lures , including fake electronic greeting cards .
No new campaigns have been launched for a month .
At the peak of its activity in September 2007 , compromised proxies in the Storm worm botnet were throwing out 20 per cent of the world 's junk emails , according to Marshal .
Industry estimates at the time ( since revised ) suggested anywhere between one and ten million Windows PCs had become zombie drones within the Storm worm botnet at the peak of its activity .
More detailed studies have since put the figure of compromised clients in the Storm botnet somewhere between 500,000 and one million .
The success of the unknown bot -herders behind the worm inspired similar attacks by other groups , likewise designed to establish a network of compromised machines .
These zombie clients were used to distribute junk mail or launch denial of service attacks , either by their owners themselves or ( more commonly ) by spammers and other miscreants who rented access to compromised machines via underground forums .
" Storm was one of the first botnets to use these tactics on a mass scale , " explained Phil Hay , a lead threat analyst at Marshal .
" It became the most successful botnet of its type and established the basic template for developing a spam empire that other botnets have since copied . "
" Whoever was behind Storm really set the benchmark at the time for the kind of scale that was achievable with a spambot .
They also led the way in using self - perpetuating malicious spam to grow the botnet .
They utilised every social engineering trick in the book and invented quite a few of their own . "
Storm ’s success ultimately led to its undoing , especially after Microsoft targeted Storm through the Malicious Software Removal Tool in September 2007 .
Redmond reported that 274,372 Windows
PCs were cleaned up using its tool during the first month alone .
By January 2008 the Storm worm was pumping out two per cent of the world 's junk mail as Microsoft 's clean - up efforts , as well as competition from rival botnets , ate into the malware 's " market share " .
Attention All Mormons !
Stay away from my house .
Go directly to hell .
Do not pass go .
Do not collect $ 200.00
Every time these same - suited , tag wearing shit heads come around , they want me to read from their extra bible .
What 's wrong with the old bible ?
I have not even had time to read the old bible , let alone spend any more of my time reading this book of Mormon bible .
They are usually polite and ask if there is anything they can help me out with like raking leaves and cleaning up the yard .
That part is ok , but I always say no because I do n't want to be obligated to them .
One time recently , they came around right as I was getting out of my car on a Sunday .
They asked me if I was coming home from church .
I said no I was coming home from work .
They got all sad and said people should not work on Sunday as it is God 's day .
I wanted to kick the little shit right off his bike and toss him into the road .
Then when he needs an ambulance , I could tell him I do n't think I should call one because the ambulance drivers would have to work on Sunday .
They should just stay out where they come from ( and they are never from around here , always from Utah or some point west ) .
I am so pissed off at these self - righteous shit heads I feel like taking a leak right in front of them the next time they show up .
Home | Add Rants | Bosses | Companies | Groups | People | Places | Politics |
Things
About Us | Blog | FAQ | Immigration | News | Legal Stuff
The New Deal has been a hot topic recently .
Aside from the looming likelihood of a new New Deal à la President Obama and company , the present recession , which many fear may turn into a serious depression , has given new currency to assessments of the original New Deal .
It says something about the state of economics that economists continue to debate this topic almost as hotly now as they did seventy years ago .
Over the years , I have ventured to make small contributions to this debate , most notably in a 1997 article titled “ Regime Uncertainty : Why the Great Depression Lasted So Long , and Why Prosperity Resumed after the War , ” a modestly improved version of which now appears as the first chapter of my 2006 book Depression , War , and Cold War : Essays in Political Economy .
( The first five chapters of this book , considered as a coherent whole , show why my hypothesis has the additional charm – lacking in virtually every other hypothesis about the economy ’s course between 1933 and 1940 – of also explaining the operation of the wartime economy and the smooth postwar transition to genuine market - oriented prosperity . )
Defenders of the current orthodoxy , however , tend to pooh - pooh explanations such as mine .
My story pertains to why the post -1933 recovery was such a drawn - out affair – I call this aspect of the Great Depression the Great Duration .
In response to my claims and my evidence in support of them , the mainstreamers might ( and at certain Web sites actually seem to , as it were ) engage me in a dialogue as follows :
Higgs : blah blah blah , Great Duration , blah blah blah , New Deal , blah blah blah , regime uncertainty , blah blah blah , insufficient net private investment , especially long - term investment , to sustain a prompt , lasting recovery .
Mainstreamer : Nonsense .
The recovery after the beginning of the New Deal in 1933 was rapid .
Look at the data , you old fool .
Real GDP rose by about 43 percent between 1933 and 1937 .
Splendid recovery .
No problema .
All it took was going off gold .
Higgs :
Then why had the economy still not recovered fully as late as 1940 , when the unemployment rate was almost 15 percent and the transition to the war - command economy was beginning to make standard interpretation of variables such as gross domestic product , the price level , and the rate of unemployment increasingly problematic ?
Mainstreamer :
The recovery would have been complete much earlier , thanks to various New Deal measures , especially its abandonment of the gold standard , but the Fed foolishly doubled the required reserve ratios for commercial banks during 1936 - 37 , thereby triggering the sharp depression of 1937 - 38 , which set the recovery back for three years .
Higgs :
Even if we grant , which I will only for purposes of debate , that these Fed - mandated increases in required reserves constituted the sole important cause of the depression of 1937 - 38 , you are treating these actions as exogenous to the New Deal .
That view of the matter makes little sense because the Fed ’s statutory authority to change required reserve ratios as it did came from the Banking Act of 1935 , a major New Deal enactment .
Moreover , Marriner Eccles , the chairman of the Board of Governors at the time of these actions , was appointed by President Franklin D. Roosevelt in 1934 and was highly sympathetic to New Deal - type policies .
All of the other board members were also Roosevelt appointees , because the board had been reorganized after passage of the 1935 act , at which time Roosevelt named new members , except for Eccles and M. S. Szymczak , earlier Roosevelt appointees to the Federal Reserve Board whom he carried over to the new board .
The Fed did not act independently , but developed its plan of action in close cooperation with the Treasury as part of a broader government program to restrain the buildup of excess reserves in the commercial banks .
The Treasury , for its part , announced that after December 22 , 1936 , it would sterilize all future monetary gold inflows from abroad , and by August 1937 , it had sterilized more than $ 1.3 billion of such inflows , which otherwise would have caused bank reserves to increase .
So , if you want to blame the Fed ’s ill - advised actions of August 1936 to May 1937 for the Great Duration , go ahead ( although I insist that various other things also helped to bring on the 1937 - 38 depression , and even more things contributed to the Great Duration in its entirety ) , but do n’t assume that these actions had nothing to do with the New Deal .
They were , from the statutory and personnel ground up , simply another aspect of the New Deal .
If you claim that these Fed actions caused the Great Duration , you are ipso facto claiming that the New Deal caused it .
Illustration by David Simonds
SEEN one way , it is nothing short of a scandal .
Small non-British news outlets and humble non-British authors ( in many cases catering almost wholly to a non-British public ) are being sued in English courts by rich , mighty foes .
The cost of litigation is so high ( $ 200,000 for starters , and $ 1 m - plus once you get going ) that they cannot afford to defend themselves .
The plaintiffs often win by default , leaving their victims humiliated and massively in debt .
There is another side to the story , of course .
Attempts to collect damages for libel and costs from people outside Britain are rare and often fruitless .
Just because someone is rich , or holds a foreign passport , or lives abroad , that does not mean that they should not seek justice in an English court .
Sometimes the defendants are global news organisations with a substantial presence in Britain .
Sometimes the plaintiffs are dissidents , complaining about libellous attacks on them by state - friendly foreign media ; a lawsuit in London may be their only chance of redress .
Yet some cases are still startling .
Two Ukrainian - based news organisations , for example , have been sued in London by Rinat Akhmetov , one of that country 's richest men .
One , the Kyiv Post , had barely 100 subscribers in Britain .
It hurriedly apologised as part of an undisclosed settlement .
Mr Akhmetov then won another judgment , undefended , against Obozrevatel ( Observer ) , a Ukraine - based internet news site that publishes only in Ukrainian , with a negligible number of readers in England .
Judgment was given in default and Mr Akhmetov was awarded £ 50,000 ( now $ 75,000 ) in damages in June last year .
The best - known case is that of Rachel Ehrenfeld , a New York - based author .
She lost by default in a libel action brought by a litigious Saudi national , Khalid bin Mahfouz , over allegations made in her book “ Funding Evil ” .
It was published in America and available in Britain only via internet booksellers .
Since then she has been campaigning hard for a change in the law .
Yet no attempt has been made to collect the £ 50,000 in costs and damages awarded against Ms Ehrenfeld , says Mr Mahfouz 's lawyer , Laurence Harris .
He adds : “ It does n't appear that we 've had any chilling effect at all on her free speech . ”
( Even now , British booksellers are offering second - hand copies of Ms Ehrenfeld 's book over the internet . )
Although Ms Ehrenfeld is sometimes portrayed as being unable to come to Britain because of the lawsuit , he says there is no reason why she can't visit England “ unless she is bringing a lot of money with her ” .
He notes : “ We abolished debtors ' prisons some time ago . ”
Nonetheless , cases such as these have outraged campaigners for press freedom in both Britain and America , who are trying to change the law in both countries .
The states of New York and Illinois have passed laws giving residents the right to go to local courts to have foreign libel judgments declared unenforceable if issued by courts where free - speech standards are lower than in America .
Ms Ehrenfeld sought such a ruling in late 2007 in New York state courts but failed ; with the new law in place she may try again .
Now the campaign has moved to the American Congress .
A bill introduced into the House of Representatives last year by Steve Cohen , a Democrat , sailed through an early vote but stood no chance of becoming law .
A much tougher version submitted to the Senate , the Free Speech Protection Act , also gives American - based litigants an additional right to countersue for harassment .
The bills have been strongly supported by lobby groups such as the American Civil Liberties Union , which fear that the protections offered by the First Amendment are being infringed by the unfettered use of libel law in non-American jurisdictions .
Similar concerns are being expressed in Britain .
In a debate in the House of Commons last month Denis MacShane , a senior Labour MP , said that “ libel tourism ” was “ an international scandal ” and “ a major assault on freedom of information ” .
Lawyers and courts , he said , were “ conspiring to shut down the cold light of independent thinking and writing about what some of the richest and most powerful people in the world are up to . ”
He cited , among others , cases heard in London where a Tunisian had sued a Dubai - based television channel and an Icelandic bank had sued a Danish newspaper .
Mr MacShane also said the Law Society should investigate the actions of two leading British firms that act for foreign litigants , Schillings and Carter - Ruck , implying that they were “ actively touting for business ” .
Neither wished to comment on the record , though both , like other big law firms , have websites promoting their services and highlighting their successes .
British members of a parliamentary committee dealing with the media are now broadening a planned inquiry into privacy law and press regulation .
The chairman , John Whittingdale , says the committee has received a large number of submissions from people worried about libel tourism .
These go well beyond the usual media - freedom campaigners .
Groups that investigate government misbehaviour say their efforts are now being hampered by English libel law .
“ London has become a magnet for spurious cases .
This is a terrifying prospect to most NGOs because of legal costs alone , ” says Dinah PoKemper , general counsel at the New York - based Human Rights Watch .
It recently received a complaint from lawyers acting for a foreign national named in a report on an incident of mass murder .
“ We were required to spend thousands of pounds in defending ourselves against the prospect of a libel suit , when we had full confidence in the accuracy of our report , ” she says .
The problem is not just money .
Under English libel law , a plaintiff must prove only that material is defamatory ; the defendant then has to justify it , usually on grounds of truth or fairness .
That places a big burden on human - rights groups that compile reports from confidential informants — usually a necessity when dealing with violent and repressive regimes .
People involved in this kind of litigation in Britain say that they have evidence of instances where witnesses have been intimidated by sleuthing and snooping on behalf of the plaintiffs , who may have powerful state backers keen to uncover their opponents ' sources and methods .
Private matters
A further concern is what Mark Stephens , a London libel lawyer , calls “ privacy tourism ” , arising out of recent court judgments that have increased protection for celebrities wanting to keep out of the public eye .
In December alone he has seen seven threatening letters sent by London law firms to American media and internet sites about photos taken of American citizens in America .
“ Law firms are trawling their celebrity client base , ” he says .
The more controversial and complicated international defamation law becomes , the better for lawyers .
The main outcome of the proposed new American law would be still more court cases , with lucratively knotty points of international jurisdiction involved .
Prominent Americans with good lawyers may gain some relief , but for news outlets in poor countries it is likely to make little difference .
And as Floyd Abrams , an American lawyer and free - speech defender , notes , a book publisher , for example , will still be nervous about an author who has written a “ libellous book ” .
Mr Stephens , the London lawyer , is taking a case to the European Court of Human Rights , where he hopes to persuade judges that the size of English libel damages is disproportionate .
If you get only around £ 42,000 for losing an eye , why should you get that much or more from someone writing something nasty about you , he asks .
But even limiting damages is not enough .
For reform to have any effect , it will have to deal with the prohibitive cost of any litigation in London .
All - IP Computing ( IP バスコンピュータアーキテクチャ ) [ ORF2008レポート ]
CPU 中心のコンピュータではなく、ネットワークが中心となるアーキテクチャを作ってしまおう！という研究です。
村井研究室インターネット・リサーチ・ラボの研究です。
詳しくは、http://www.sfc.wide.ad.jp/All-IP/html/をご覧下さい。
平たく言ってしまうと、バ ス( Bus ) そのもの をIP ( UDP ) の上に乗せてしまうという結構強烈なものです。
インターネットそのものを汎用バスとして位置づけており、パーツやデータといった区別をつけずに何でも送受信しています。
例えば、ORF2008ではCPUの数を動的に変更しながらレイトレーシングを行うデモや、メモリをIP経由で接続するというデモが行われていました。 途中から「CPU」であるデバイスをネットワークにつなげるとレイトレーシングを行いながら描画される画像が表示される速度が上昇するというものです。 利用中に「CPU」をネットワークから減らす事もできます。
今回のデモでは、各 「 リソース 」 はFPGAボード( XILINX SPARTAN -3 ) 上で実装されています。
バスの中身がイーサネットを解して全てUDPで転送されます。
独自OS
このシステムでは、OSは独自のものがゼロから構築されています。
メモリ
このシステムで個人的に面白いと思ったのはメモリが共有されていく仕組みです。
汎用バス上のデータが全てIP上に乗るということで、メモリに関するデータもIP上に乗ります。 その結果、メモリのアドレスを一覧表示すると以下のようになります。 途中のメモリがREMOTEになっているのがわかります。
バスをそのままIP上に乗せてメモリもそのままIP上に流れるようになると、自分のメモリと他デバイスでのメモリがごっちゃになってしまう可能性があります。
この研究では、各デバイスが固有IDを持っており、固有IDとメモリ物理アドレスのセットでメモリが扱われます。 メモリの扱われ方は基本的なTLB( Translation Lookaside Buffer ) と同じですが 、 「 仮想メモリ」の概念の中に「ネットワークに先にあるメモリ」が入るところが異なります。
マルチスクリー ン
この仕組みを使った面白いデモもありました。 コンソール画面でのマルチスクリーンです。
一瞬普通のマルチスクリーンに思えますが、やっている事はもっと強烈です。
このシステムでは、物理メモリを4byte(32bit)を最小単位として扱えます。
ここでは、スクリーンの一行を単位としてメモリの割り当てを行い、左側機器のコンソール1ライン分を左側の機器に出して、次の1ライン分のメモリは右側機器に出ています。
これは、ネットワーク全体を1システムとみなしつつ、物理的なメモリマップとしては左側と右側機器で交互にインターレースした状態になっています。
コンピュータ内のバスと比べるとレイテンシがあったり、情報伝達のロスが発生する可能性があったり、セキュリティへの懸念があったり、ダイナミックにリソースが失われる事があるなど難しい面も色々ありますが、個人的には非常に面白い研究だと思います。
UPnPも当初のコンセプトはこのようなことまでやりたいというコンセプトだったのかも知れないと、ふと思いました。
キーボー ド
キーボード over IP というのもあります 。 KVM / IPやUSB Over IP ですでに実現されている手法と違い、上位層などで一切処理を行わずにTLBの基本機能としてバスレベルで行うという特徴があります。
notice
この記事 はORF2008レポートです。
最近のエント リ
過去記事
過去記事一覧
Want Proof of Savings ?
Take a Look !
* Rates valid as of 9/25 / 20 .
Rates based on 20 - year term for $ 500,000 death benefit , preferred best , non -tobacco rate .
Rates , policy forms , and availability may vary by state .
AccuQuote does not represent State Farm , Northwestern Mutual , New York Life or Primerica .
AccuQuote is an independent life insurance broker .
Rates shown reflect quotes from Legal & General , Protective , Sagicor , TransAmerica .
Cochrane Reviews are usually taken as the gold standard in putting the evidence together to check whether a treatment works .
But a new Cochrane Review that examines how much the ‘ treatment ’ of putting in street lights prevents injuries and saves lives seems to suffer from some major flaws which could mean the claimed benefits from street lighting are greatly exaggerated .
The Press release claimed that the Review showed that putting in street lights “ reduced total crashes by between 32 % and 55 % and fatal injury crashes by 77 % " .
This was picked up by the Daily Telegraph which reported that Turning off street lights could put motorists at risk , while the Daily Mail headlined with Switching off street lamps ' could triple road deaths ' .
The actual review is much more cautious in its conclusions , but perhaps not cautious enough .
It points out that the quality of the studies were poor and most were carried out decades ago when road conditions were different , with one even dating from 1948 , 61 years ago .
The evidence for the reduction in fatalities was 3 studies which looked at roads in which street lights had been installed , and compared the change in the number of fatal crashes during daylight with the change in fatal crashes during darkness : this comparison should mean that any trend over time is taken care of .
Before the street lights were installed there had been 32 fatal crashes during daylight and 64 during darkness : after street lights there were 36 during daylight .
If the street lights had no effect we would have expected there to be around 64 x 36/32 = 72 fatal crashes in darkness after the street lights were installed , whereas in fact there were only 25 : 35 % of what would have been expected had street lights been useless .
So we might estimate a 65 % reduction ( the authors estimate a 67 % reduction using a slightly different method – where the press release got their 77 % reduction is a mystery ) .
This sounds a substantial reduction , but can we believe it ?
The authors acknowledge the poor quality of the studies , but appear to ignore two vital problems that make this estimate unreliable .
The first is ‘ publication bias ’ : if the street lights had had little or no effect , would the authors have gone to the effort of writing up their work and submitting it for publication ?
We can suspect that only strongly positive studies would have been published , especially decades ago .
The second point is more subtle and involves the concept known as ‘ regression - to - the - mean ’ .
Why were these particular roads chosen to have street lights installed ?
It is extremely likely that these stretches of roads had recently seen high rates of accidents .
Accidents follow an erratic random pattern , with runs of highs and lows , and if roads are chosen because of a ‘ high - blip ’ , it is likely that such a run of bad luck will come to an end and the accident rates will return to a more average figure .
In other words we can expect the rates to improve by chance alone , whether or not street lights were installed .
That ’s why , if we really want to check if some new intervention works , we have to decide at random who gets it and who does n’t .
This means that quoted benefits are likely to be considerable over - estimates , and to its great credit this was pointed out by the Daily Mail .
it is a shame that this Review does not seem to have met the usual Cochrane standards , although it is not helped by an over - enthusiastic press release .
NBC wants fans to recap the entire season of Heroes , in your own words .
So if you understood what was going on in Haiti , please speak up now , and check out the video example .
Advertisement
This is actually a super cute idea and I 'm already contemplating making waffles while explaining the waffles Sylar craziness .
I just need to find that apron .
Go to NBC now and submit your video , or I 'll sic the cheerleader on you .
The following chart , taken from econphd.net , is based upon 2002 data and shows GRE scores for various academic fields of graduate study :
Three things strike me about this chart .
First , the total scores for the scientific disciplines are consistently higher than those for the humanities and social sciences ; second , philosophy has the highest total score of the non-scientific disciplines ; and third , the low ranking of education ( and public administration ) calls into question the seriousness of our culture — and its sustainability .
– Paul
Pentagon boffinry chiefs are seeking to develop radical AI software capable of boiling down information from the news , overhead spy planes , wiretaps and so on " into a form that is more suitable for human consumption " .
Specifically , this means using the data to produce " a cohesive story that is germane to the goals of a decision - maker " .
The programme , as regular readers will scarcely need to be told , comes from DARPA - the US military research bureau which functions like a combination of lunatic asylum and black hole , able to contain infinitely more craziness than its mere space - time dimensions would suggest .
In a bizarre , snake - eating - its - own - tail twist , DARPA - famous for turning the stories of science fiction into complex realities - now seeks to turn complex realities into stories .
The Pentagon paradigm - punchers yesterday chucked out a request for what they call Experience - based Narrative Memory ware ( EN - Mem ) .
According to the proposal document ( pdf ) :
Too much information at too many levels of detail typifies the input stream provided by modern decision - support systems .
Combat sensors , newswire feeds , video reports , and [ surveillance robots ] all provide both undigested and structured data concerning the current situation , its history , and future predictions , all without coordination or provenance ...
Making sense of a complex situation is like understanding a story ...
This interpretation weaves a commonly understood narrative into the information in a way that captures the basic interactions of characters and the dynamics of their motivations while filling in details not explicitly mentioned in the input stream ...
Like people , an Experience - based Narrative Memory system can retrieve and reuse stories to construct an appropriate interpretation of events ...
Essentially , DARPA seems to be seeking an automated solution which can do what certain humans can - detectives , intel analysts , diplomats , occasionally ( cough ) journalists .
That is , the desired EN - Mem system can look at a situation and answer the eternal question : what 's the real story here ?
It seems pretty unlikely that this can really be done , but no doubt DARPA and its chosen associates will have a lot of fun trying .
Meanwhile , one does feel a bit compelled to speculate on a world in which EN - Mem existed and functioned as advertised .
What , for instance , would be the real story behind a situation in which a military research bureau solicited a piece of miraculous software which could always work out the real story behind events ?
DARPA also appear to hint that the EN - Mem system , fully developed , might possess truly astonishing powers :
The desired outcome of this research is a mixed - initiative system through which complex situations are made simple , understandable , and solvable ...
Such a computer would presumably be able to give a simple answer to the most impossible questions .
Sadly , it does seem rather likely that the answer would typically be " 42 " or similar . ®
Leo Babauta is author of The Power of Less : The Fine Art of Limiting Yourself to the Essential ... in Business and in Life , and owner of the highly popular Zen Habits blog .
Startup businesses are often smaller than more established competitors , with fewer resources , smaller staffs , less capital , and not enough time to get everything done .
That can be a major disadvantage ... or it can be a great advantage , if the startup is smart about it : using time and resources wisely , focusing on less , staying lean and being better at one thing than anyone else .
Focusing on Less
Large companies like Google , Apple , and Microsoft might be able to handle many fronts at once , from hardware to software to cornering the online ad market .
But startups do n't have that luxury .
Instead , figure out what one thing you 're going to do exceedingly well .
Better than anyone else .
For example , there are tons of productivity / personal development blogs , but how many focus on simple productivity ?
Not many , and I set out to be the best when I created Zen Habits .
If your startup focuses on just one thing , you can be highly successful with fewer resources .
Try to do too much , and you 'll fail .
To focus on less ask yourself :
- What do you or your company do best ?
Can you do it better than anyone else ? -
What is no one else doing well right now ? -
How can you narrow the focus of what you provide ? -
How can you raise the level of what you provide from good to amazing ?
Do Less
While bigger companies have lots of staff , which means they can afford to spend more time on things , you do n't have that kind of time .
You have a million things to do with very little time , and if you try to do them all you 'll never get things done .
Instead , learn how to be your most effective : focus on fewer tasks and projects .
Choose the projects that will have the highest impact on your business , instead of doing every project at once .
Each day , choose three tasks that will have the biggest impact , and do those first .
Any other tasks you get done that day will be gravy .
Become a serial killer : focus on one project at a time , really attack it until it 's completed , and then move on to the next project .
Same thing with tasks : do one at a time , focusing on each one completely until finished , then move on to the next one .
Single - tasking is incredibly effective .
A few tips to help you focus on higher - impact tasks :
- Ask yourself : what one project will have the biggest impact on my future revenues ?
Focus on this .
- Every day , pick three most important tasks to complete , and do them before anything else .
-
At least one of the most important tasks should move that high - impact project forward .
- Delegate lower - impact tasks that still need to be done .
Only allow yourself to focus on the highest - impact tasks .
Stay Lean
Many businesses fail within their first year , simply because they do n't make enough money to sustain their overhead .
But if you have almost no overhead , then small revenues can still produce a profit , or at least keep you viable after your first year .
Stay lean .
Hire as few people as possible : smart , competent , talented , hungry people .
And doers .
They have to be people who get things done to be worth the cost .
Add staff slowly .
Reduce all costs : work from home to avoid the need for an office , and keep your team together with remote , collaborative tools .
The cost of a few computers , and a few cheap or free collaborative online services , is minimal .
Anything you make over that is profit .
More tips for staying lean :
- Cut advertising to zero .
Instead , leverage the power of blogs and social media for guerrilla - type marketing .
- Network with others online , especially those with blogs or websites , or in your industry .
- Stay out of debt — the overhead can kill you .
Do n't spend if you can avoid it , and if you do n't have the money .
- Reduce processes , cut bureaucracy , avoid meetings , cut out travel .
- Reduce the number of real - world things you deal with , and deal mostly online .
Have Less Clutter
Finally , provide your customers will less clutter : too many things on a website make for a bad user experience , and will lose you customers .
Keeping things simple helps you sell .
Think of Apple 's minimalist aesthetic , or Google 's simple interface .
It works , and it 's simple , attractive , and useful .
Figure out what is most essential about your user interface , and get rid of everything else .
Simple is best .
Some tips :
- Do n't have obtrusive or annoying ads , pop-ups , or too much Flash animation .
-
White space is good — leave lots of space around things to keep the interface uncluttered .
- Fewer buttons and links is better — think the Apple iPod.
Uncluttered is attractive .
Imagery courtesy of iStockphoto , Photo - Max , clocki , cmcderm1
Raising the dead is harder than it looks
When it comes to both hardware and software , video games have always been out there on the cutting edge of technology .
The quality of the graphics , sounds , artificial intelligence , and other gameplay elements are constantly improving , with the result that , when comparing a much older title to one of today 's the high - definition epics , it 's sometimes hard to tell that the two are actually a part of the same medium .
And therein lies the problem for developers who want to update classic games for today 's audiences .
Services like the Virtual Console on the Nintendo Wii , or Good Old Games on PC , are great because they easily allow gamers to play the classics in their original form , something that otherwise could be frustrating , time consuming , and costly .
But sometimes their original form is n't all that welcoming .
Gameplay mechanics that were once commonplace are now seen as archaic by modern gamers , even though the basic elements of story , plot , setting , characters , etc. are still quite viable ; hence the ever - popular video game remake .
In order to make these once great games relevant to a new audience with decidedly higher expectations for technology , developers often update them to give them more appeal .
But how do these developers decide what to change and what to keep ?
Running ahead to get better at looking back
Capcom has been at the forefront of the recent remake boom ,
re-imagining a number of their classic titles as downloadable games .
Bionic Commando , for example , was given a high - definition 2.5D
makeover , and a rockin ' remixed soundtrack with Bionic Commando :
Rearmed .
Capcom also re-released a new version of Street Fighter II on the
way , with the lengthy new title Super Street Fighter II Turbo HD Remix .
Interestingly , both games are coming out near new entries in their
respective franchises : Street Fighter IV and Bionic Commando .
But the
question remains , how do you decided what games will still appeal to
the current gaming audience ?
" We try to look at which IPs will still resonate with fans , " Kraig Kujawa , creative director at Capcom , told Ars. Kujawa recently worked on the Xbox Live Arcade and PlayStation Network shooter , 1942 : Joint Strike , based on the 1984 arcade game .
Doing what he jokes as " very scientific " research , Kujawa says that he was actually surprised at the strong fan - base the game enjoyed , despite the fact that the 194X series has been very popular since it was originally released , being ported across a number of different platforms and spawning a plethora of sequels .
Even though the previous game in the series , 1944 : The Loop Master , was released nearly a decade earlier , Joint Strike turned out to be a great success .
And that built - in , dedicated fanbase is responsible for another problem with remakes .
Not only is it tough to decide which game to recreate , but once you have chosen , there is a vocal fan base that needs to be pleased .
" The toughest thing is that everyone who used to play ( these games ) is hardcore , " Kujawa explained .
Because of this , any changes made to the game must be made for a good reason , so that the existing fanbase does n't get upset .
" We try to pay homage and be faithful to the original . "
This study of the Mumbai , India , terrorist attack of November 2008 identifies the operational and tactical capabilities displayed by the terrorists and evaluates the response of the Indian security forces .
The authors draw out the implications of the incident for India , Pakistan , and the international community and derive lessons learned from the attack and from the Indian response .
Their goal is to develop findings that may help counterterrorism authorities in India and elsewhere to prepare for or counter future terrorist attacks on urban centers .
This paper results from the RAND Corporation 's continuing program of self - initiated independent research .
Support for such research is provided , in part , by donors and by the independent research and development provisions of RAND 's contracts for the operation of its U.S. Department of Defense federally funded research and development centers .
This report is part of the RAND Corporation occasional paper series .
RAND occasional papers may include an informed perspective on a timely policy issue , a discussion of new research methodologies , essays , a paper presented at a conference , or a summary of work in progress .
All RAND occasional papers undergo rigorous peer review to help ensure that they meet high standards for research quality and objectivity .
Permission is given to duplicate this electronic document for personal use only , as long as it is unaltered and complete .
Copies may not be duplicated for commercial purposes .
Unauthorized posting of RAND PDFs to a non-RAND
Web site is prohibited .
RAND PDFs are protected under copyright law .
For information on reprint and linking permissions , please visit the RAND Permissions page .
The RAND Corporation is a nonprofit institution that helps improve policy and decisionmaking through research and analysis .
RAND 's publications do not necessarily reflect the opinions of its research clients and sponsors .
It ’s getting worse :
More counterfeiters are using today ’s ink - jet printers , computers and copiers to make money that ’s just good enough to pass , he said , even though their product is awful .
In the past , he said , the best American counterfeiters were skilled printers who used heavy offset presses to turn out decent 20s , 50s and 100s .
Now that kind of work is rare and almost all comes from abroad .
[…]
Green pointed to a picture hanging in his downtown conference room .
It ’s a photo from a 1980s Lenexa case that involved heavy printing presses and about 2 million fake dollars .
“ That ’s what we used to see , ” he boomed .
“ That ’s the kind of case we used to make . ”
Agents discovered then that someone had purchased such equipment and a special kind of paper and it all went to the Lenexa shop .
Then the agents secretly went in there with a court order and planted a tiny video camera on a Playboy calendar .
They streamed video 24/ 7 for days , stormed in with guns drawn and sent bad guys to federal prison .
Green ’s voice sank as he described today ’s sad - sack counterfeiters .
These people call up pictures of bills on their computers , buy paper at an office supply store and print out a few bills .
They cut the bills apart , go into a store or bar and pass one or two .
Many offenders are involved with drugs , he said , often methamphetamine .
If they get caught , so little money is involved that federal prosecutors wo n’t take the case .
A teenager in Fairfield Township , Ohio , has found himself on the wrong side of the law after he claimed to be suicidal when talking to a Blizzard representative in an online conversation .
He 's now facing charges .
While talking to the rep regarding an issue he was having with " an online game " ( presumably World of Warcraft ) the teen eventually became frustrated and apparently tried to guilt the Blizzard employee into giving him what he wanted .
According to the police report , he claimed , " he was suicidal and that the game is the only thing he has to live for , " which resulted in the Blizzard rep calling 911 instead of giving into his demands .
When police and paramedics arrived at the kid's house , he claimed it was all a joke in order , " to try to get what he wanted for the game , " which resulted in him promptly being handcuffed and taken away in the backseat of a patrol car .
Someone should have told him that the whole " It 's okay , I 'm just a jackass " defense does n't protect one from prosecution .
Ben 's thoughts
I 've been a part of online communities where a gamer threatened to kill themselves and then , you know , did it .
You can never tell , and these days I 've contacted the police more than once because someone made suicidal statements online or in voice chat .
This is n't really anything that 's okay to joke about , and wasting everyone 's time by threatening suicide to get some loot is pretty low .
A hapless Slingbox user managed to run up a data bill of $ 28,067.31 watching a game of American football , despite being aboard a docked cruise liner and having an unlimited data tariff , thanks to a technical hitch or two .
The story comes from the Chicago Sun-Times , who have managed to get AT&T to credit Wayne Burdick with most of the bill despite his own failure to make the network understand that he should never have been able to run up international roaming charges , of two cents per kilobyte , without leaving the USA .
A Slingbox grabs video from the user 's home and streams it over the internet , in this case to a laptop over Burdick 's cellular connection which he thought was connected ( though a datacard ) to AT&T 's network .
Unfortunately for Burdick he was actually connected to the ship 's onboard network , which accounts for the international roaming , and his datacard was unable to display the repeated warnings that AT&T kept sending him over SMS .
Less clear is why the onboard network was operational - ships often offer cellular access , using a microcell connected to a satellite link and billed at international roaming rages .
But they are supposed to be switched off when nearing port to prevent interfering with local networks .
In fact most ship - based GSM equipment is fitted with GPS to prevent it being used within range of a land network , so the onboard network should n't have been in operation at all .
When Burdick received the bill he complained to AT&T , who eventually offered to reduce the bill down to $ 6,000 - hardly comparable to the $ 220 he reckons is average .
Luckily the chaps over at the Sun - Times were able to argue his case , and AT&T has credited Wayne with $ 27,776.66 , though really it should n't have taken media involvement to fix a case like this .
Roaming rates like that , without even leaving the country , make the EU look like a haven for the international traveler - perhaps once Ms Reding has battered EU operators for unreasonable behaviour , we can ship her over the pond to sort out the septics . ®
If you have any questions or want to add your link .
Contact
Free worldwide shipping
Tag Cloud
What 's this ?
[ Start again ]
Switch these tags on and off to refine your search :
If you ’re in need of Commercial or Residential Window Tinting , Pacific Tint is your Las Vegas window tinting choice .
We are the oldest , authorized 3M Dealer window tint contractor in the Las Vegas valley .
We are a family owned business and we have been tinting windows , well , “ most of our life ” ( if you were talking to my son Colton ) .
Pacific
Tint has been in business since September 2004 and currently carries an A+ rating with the Better Business Bureau .
We have never had a reported claim and the reason why is because Bryan Nielsen ( the owner of Pacific Tint ) makes sure that if ever a problem does arise , it is taken care of immediately .
Bryan ’s quote : “ People spend their hard earned money getting their windows tinted and I make sure they get a professional grade install . ”
Your kid does n’t have an allergy to nuts .
Your kid has a parent who needs to feel special .
Your kid also spends recess running and screaming , “ No ! Stop !
Do n’t rub my head with peanut butter ! ”
Yes , a tiny number of kids have severe peanut allergies that cause anaphylactic shock , and all their teachers should be warned , handed EpiPens and given a really expensive gift at Christmas .
But unless you ’re a character on “ Heroes , ” genes do n’t mutate fast enough to have caused an 18 % increase in childhood food allergies between 1997 and 2007 .
And genes certainly do n’t cause 25 % of parents to believe that their kids have food allergies , when 4 % do .
Yuppiedom does .
I first had this thought seven years ago , when I wrote a short story that very few people read because , unlike most people , I was kind enough not to show it to anyone .
In one pointless digression , I described a future allergy epidemic in which not only nuts but malt , guar gum , gluten and corn cause kids to blow up like balloons in Macy ’s Thanksgiving Day parade .
It subsides only after the FDA declares the allergies entirely psychosomatic .
You can see why I did n’t send that story to the New Yorker .
Advertisement
But an essay by Harvard doctor and social scientist Nicholas Christakis in the British Medical Journal -- which I read in between my perusal of Classical Philology and the IEEE Journal of Quantum Electronics -- makes more or less the same argument .
Christakis , who did a famous study showing that having fat friends makes you fat , wrote that parental responses “ bear many of the hallmarks of mass psychogenic illness . ”
If you do n’t think allergic reactions can be caused by mass hysteria , then you do n’t know about the uncontrollable dancing that gripped thousands of Europeans between the 14th and 18th centuries , or that the South Korean government recently issued a consumer safety alert saying that electric fans can asphyxiate you if left running overnight , after news reports of several deaths .
You , in short , have never looked up “ mass hysteria ” on Wikipedia .
Since food allergies kill about as many people as lightning strikes each year , we probably do n’t need to ban peanuts from schools or put warnings on every product saying it was “ made in a factory that also has a break room where a guy named Dave often sneaks in a King Size Snickers despite this ‘ diet ’ he says he ’s on . ”
When I talked to Christakis , he made it clear that -- unlike me -- he does n’t think peanut allergies represent a mass hysteria .
That ’s because scientists believe in rigorous study and proof , while opinion columnists believe in saying something outrageous to get attention .
Advertisement
But we did agree that it is strange how peanut allergies are only an issue in rich , lefty communities .
“ We do n’t see this problem much in African American or poor communities .
So there ’s something going on here .
We do n’t see them in Ecuador and Guatemala , ” Christakis said .
A study of Jews of similar demographics and genetics in Britain and Israel found that British kids were 10 times more likely to have peanut allergies than Israelis .
That ’s probably because Israeli kids have other things to be afraid of .
I would like to see a study that measures one ’s increased likelihood of peanut allergies if you ’re an American kid named Oliver , Aidan , Spencer or Finn .
Parents may think they are doing their kids a favor by testing them and being hyper - vigilant about monitoring what they eat , but it ’s not cool to freak kids out .
Only 20 % of kids who get a positive allergy test result need treatment .
And a 2003 study showed that kids who were told they were allergic to peanuts had more anxiety and felt more physically restricted than if they had diabetes .
“ It ’s anxiety - producing to imagine that having a snack in kindergarten could be deadly , ” Christakis said .
Remember , this is a demographic so easily panicked that , equipped with only circles and dots , it invented an inoculation to cooties .
Advertisement
A few years ago , I was at a bar without food , so I started downing peanuts .
Around the third bowl , I started coughing and felt this itchiness in the back of my throat , which I quickly treated with beer .
Still , for a few minutes , I was convinced that a peanut allergy was about to kill me .
If the beer had not made me forget the incident , I might have avoided nuts for the rest of my life .
Or , worse , bored everyone at the table with my questions about nut allergies .
So bring back nuts to schools .
If parents need to panic about a food , at least go with seafood allergies .
Those fish sticks are disgusting .
--
jstein@latimescolumnists.com
KABUL ( Reuters ) - Afghan President Hamid Karzai condemned on Thursday a U.S. - led coalition military operation that his office said killed 17 civilians , including women and children .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
The U.S. military said only militants had been killed in the operation , which it said was aimed at the Taliban ’s roadside bomb network in the eastern Laghman province .
In a separate incident three civilians were killed and nine others injured by a suicide bomb attack that targeted a NATO - led convoy in the Maywand district of Kandahar province , in southern Afghanistan , the district police chief said .
Civilian deaths caused by foreign troop operations when hunting militants have undermined support for foreign forces and are a sore point between the Afghan government and its allies .
“ Based on the reports , during a coalition operation , 17 civilians including women and children were killed among militants in Laghman province , ” Afghan President Hamid Karzai said in a statement .
“ The Afghan government has always clarified its stance in this regard and wants an end to such incidents , which only divert the war on terror from its main path and endanger our successes , ” the statement said .
Karzai also condemned the insurgents for deliberately using civilians as “ human shields . ”
U.S. forces spokesman Colonel Jerry O’Hara , responding to the president ’s statement , told Reuters on Thursday that 32 insurgents , including a woman , were killed during the operation .
“ I am confirming to you that all killed were militants , ” he said .
“ If any civilians were involved in this operation , our sincere condolences to them and their family , ” O’Hara said .
Karzai , who has been leading Afghanistan since U.S. - led troops overthrew Taliban ’s government in 2001 , has repeatedly warned foreign forces to prevent civilian casualties .
Nearly 700 civilians were killed until October last year during operations by foreign and Afghan forces , an Afghan rights body said last month , quoting a U.N. estimate .
The heat source is a pair of headlights .
A car door alarm signals emergencies .
An auto air filter and fan provide climate control .
But this contraption has nothing to do with transportation .
It is a sturdy , low - cost incubator , designed to keep vulnerable newborns warm during the first fragile days of life .
Unlike the notoriously high - maintenance incubators found in neonatal intensive care units in the United States , it is easily repaired , because all of its operational parts come from cars .
And while incubators can cost $ 40,000 or more , this one can be built for less than $ 1,000 .
The creators of the car parts incubator  a project being promoted by the Global Health Initiative at the Center for Integration of Medicine and Innovative Technology , or Cimit , a nonprofit consortium of Boston teaching hospitals and engineering schools  say it could prevent millions of newborn deaths in the developing world .
Obama 's lobbying reforms are the most aggressive attempt by an administration to rein in lobbyists , but still do n't plug a host of loopholes .
| REUTERS
Lobbying reforms leave loopholes
President Barack Obama ’s new ethics rules concerning lobbyists appear to be written right out of yesterday 's headlines — the scandalous ones .
And while they represent the most aggressive attempt by an administration to rein in lobbyists , a host of loopholes that have bedeviled reform efforts for years wo n’t be plugged by the president ’s executive order .
Advertisement
Among the new rules aimed at preventing a repeat scandal is one that forbids anyone on his team from working in an agency or on a program for which they lobbied in the last two years .
In short , that could be called the Jack Abramoff Rule , in recognition of the imprisoned former lobbyist who planted allies in the Bush administration ’s Interior Department and elsewhere , then extracted inside information or favorable rulings for his clients .
Obama also vowed Wednesday to lean on the side of disclosing his administration ’s records and those of former presidents when confronted with Freedom of Information Act requests .
An alternate title for that could be the Dick Cheney Energy Task Force Rule , for the secret band of energy executives who met privately with the former vice president to help fashion a new national energy agenda .
“ Let me say it as simply as I can , ‘ Transparency and the rule of law will be the touchstones of this presidency , ’ ” Obama said during his first full day on the job .
Good government advocates instantly heralded the new rules and Obama ’s decision to rank them among his first priorities .
“ These are unprecedented restrictions on what lobbyists can do when they join an administration , ” said Fred Wertheimer , founder of Democracy 21 , a nonpartisan ethics watchdog organization .
Interestingly , though , what the rules do n’t do is prohibit lobbyists from working in the Obama administration , which should n’t be surprising , since quite a few of them have already been named to it .
A sample : Attorney General - designee Eric Holder was a lobbyist with Covington & Burling , Deputy Health and Human Services Secretary - designate Bill Corr advocated for the Campaign for Tobacco - Free Kids and Vice President Joe Biden ’s chief of staff , Ron Klain , was a player at O’Melveny & Myers .
And , as is always the case when trying to contain lobbyists , there are some workarounds .
For instance , many people in Washington whose work involves plotting strategies to influence votes on Capitol Hill or administration action simply do n’t register as lobbyists .
Instead , they take on the titles of “ consultant , ” “ adviser ” or “ partner ” and offer guidance , advice and insiders ’ insight to underlings who are registered lobbyists and will attend a meeting on Capitol Hill or at an agency .
The Obama rule banning former presidential appointees from lobbying any part of the administration during his term — including a second one , if he wins reelection — is a sweeping prohibition that goes further than any similar presidential good government rules .
But what it does n’t do — and ca n’t do — is ban former government officials from lobbying Capitol Hill , which is where the bulk of legislative advocacy happens anyway .
Such loopholes are notoriously common in rules aimed at containing the influence of lobbyists .
In part , that ’s because lobbyists serve a legitimate — and legal — role in our democracy , whether advocating for business interests or those of the poor .
Even the good government groups advocating for stricter rules are populated with their own lobbyists .
Obama ’s rules , however , do represent the most aggressive effort by a president to trim K Street ’s maneuvering room .
President George H.W. Bush created a commission that expanded the financial disclosure reports of those entering government services and formalized the cooling - off period before ex-officials could return as lobbyists .
But that lobbying limitation often only applied to the agency or office in which they ’d worked .
President Bill Clinton lengthened the cooling - off period for former presidential appointees but placed few restrictions on lobbyists entering his administration .
One of the first major government transparency reforms announced by President George W. Bush was an executive order that made it easier for former presidents to keep their records secret .
Obama ’s comments Wednesday , though , suggest he ’s prepared to overturn that Bush order or sign legislation to obliterate it that passed the House earlier this month and is now pending in the Senate .
“ I will hold myself , as president , to a new standard of openness , ” Obama said Wednesday .
“ Going forward , any time the American people want to know something that I or a former president wants to withhold , we will have to consult with the attorney general and the White House counsel , whose business it is to ensure compliance with the rule of law . ”
The strength of Obama ’s commitment , of course , will rely heavily on the independence and interpretations of the White House and Justice Department attorneys .
In Bush ’s case , he had their blessing each time he withheld records .
Still , Anne Weismann , chief counsel for Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , which has sued the Bush administration for release of records , hailed the new approach .
“ It is creating a clear line of demarcation between his administration and the Bush administration , ” she said .
“ It sends a signal that he ’s not going to be a party to ” keeping records secret .
Obama ’s rule limiting the role of lobbyists joining his administration marks the first time a White House has tried to restrict their role when they enter government service as opposed to when they are leaving it .
“ The prohibition on lobbying the administration for multiple years is a tough rule , ” said Ken Gross , an ethics attorney at Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom .
The ban against working at the White House in an area of expertise on which one had lobbied within the last two years “ has frustrated some appointees , ” he added .
Jan Baran , an ethics expert at Wiley Rein who served on President George H.W. Bush ’s commission , has since made a career of finding the soft spots in this kind of regulation , or advising corporate clients about how not to run afoul of it .
Obama ’s effort , he said , seems the most far - reaching .
“ He ’s setting the tone and he ’s setting the standard , certainly for his White House employees , and that ’s consistent with his campaign promises , ” Baran said .
" On the basis of existing policy , A General Government Deficit in the range of 11 pc to 12 pc of GDP is in prospect for each of the years to 2013 .
This is untenable , " said the finance ministry in a fresh revision to its ( already dire ) Stability Programme .
It has drafted a swingeing five - year plan , slashing spending by € 16bn ( £ 14.4bn ) or 8 pc of GDP by 2013 .
Herschel and Planck get green light for launch campaign
9 February 2009
Green light to start the final phase of the spacecraft activities on Earth and to start the launch campaign has been taken on Friday 6 February , following the ESA Flight Qualification and Acceptance Review which examined the status of the two spacecraft and their response to the tests campaigns during the last year .
Built by Thales Alenia Space , leading a host of subcontractors spread around Europe , the Herschel spacecraft and its instruments were thoroughly tested at ESA 's Space Research and Technology Centre ( ESTEC ) in Noordwijk , The Netherlands , during 2008 .
The spacecraft , now packed in its container , will be transported to Kourou on an Antonov cargo airplane on 11 February 2009 .
Planck , also built by Thales Alenia Space and its subcontractors , was , after initial test campaigns at Thales Alenia Space in Cannes and a test campaign in ESTEC , finally tested in the facilities of the Centre Spatial Liège , Belgium .
The spacecraft will be transported to Kourou , also by Antonov cargo airplane , on 18 February 2009 .
Once at the Centre Spatial Guyanais , the two spacecraft will undergo their final checks and will be prepared for launch .
Herschel and Planck will be launched in a dual launch configuration by an Ariane ECA rocket on 16 April 2009 .
Editor 's note : Readers can follow the launch campaign of Herschel and Planck via the Launch campaign journal series which will be available from this site .
Some Mozilla Corp. developers have recommended that the company consider yanking the new JavaScript engine , dubbed TraceMonkey , from Firefox 3.1 to get the browser back on track and out the door .
Their comments came as Mozilla 's head of engineering acknowledged that the browser 's final delivery date will slip .
In a message posted to a company message forum , Firefox developer David Baron wondered how long Firefox 3.1 should be held up by TraceMonkey problems .
" Without TraceMonkey , we probably could have shipped 3.1 final by now , or , if not now , within the next month , " Baron said .
" I think there should be a limit to the amount we 're willing to slip 3.1 to accommodate TraceMonkey , and I think we should decide what that limit is . "
Graydon Hoare , a Mozilla developer who works on TraceMonkey , agreed .
" I have to concur here , " he said in a message on the same forum thread .
" Trace Monkey is really cool tech , and a remarkably quick initial development , but it's not the whole enchilada of the browser . "
Hoare , however , said it made more sense to disable TraceMonkey by default -- an approach used through Beta 1 -- rather than pull it from the product .
Mozilla has made much of TraceMonkey , and the performance boost it gives Firefox , since it introduced the new JavaScript engine last summer .
But TraceMonkey bugs , and the slow pace in patching them , were responsible for delays last month , and for a three - week stretch this month when Mozilla put off scheduling the next preview , Beta 3 .
The biggest bug now delaying Beta 3's release is a TraceMonkey issue .
But Mozilla will probably not pull the engine , said Mike Shaver , Mozilla 's vice president of engineering , in an interview Saturday .
" We 're always looking at all of our choices , but I do n't think it 's likely , " he said .
" TraceMonkey is a big part of Firefox 3.1 , and a big part of what we want to have for users . "
Saying that Firefox 3.1 in its current form is " quite a stable product , " Shaver said patience is a development virtue .
" We 're taking the time to get this worked out , " he said .
" No one will remember when Firefox 3.1 shipped other than the guy who writes the Wikipedia entry .
But people will remember how Firefox 3.1 runs . "
Comments by developers such as Baron and Hoare are in no way a " revolt " by programmers , said Shaver , who added that such discussions are normal at Mozilla , and during software development in general .
" There 's always talk about what we should trade off , " he said .
Mozilla conceived Firefox 3.1 as a " fast - track " update to June 2008 's Firefox 3.0 , but the new browser 's progress has been much slower than originally planned .
At one point , Mozilla was shooting for a final release as early as the last months of 2008 , and hinted that it would use just a single beta to do so .
But Firefox 3.1 has been pushed back several times to allow Mozilla to add more features -- TraceMonkey and a private browsing mode among them -- and for additional testing .
In November , for example , Mozilla slipped in a third beta to get a better handle on bugs .
" We wanted to be able to develop faster , and see how that manifested on the product side , " said Shaver about Firefox 3.1 's pace .
" Even if we get it out in Q2 , we'd be looking at about a year after Firefox 3.0 , and that 's still faster than we 've usually done . "
Shaver said he has no regrets about Firefox 3.1 's progress .
" I 'm very happy with how 3.1 is shaping up . "
But it 's unlikely that Firefox 3.1 will ship this quarter -- for months the broad target Mozilla was touting .
" To make it in Q1 , we 'd have to rush it more than we want to , " Shaver said .
The schedule being considered now " would put it out of Q1 , " he added .
There 's a possibility that Mozilla will , in fact , slate a fourth beta before it moves on to a " release candidate " build .
" We do betas until we 're confident we 're done with them , " Shaver said .
Although Mozilla faces renewed pressure from Microsoft Corp. , which may wrap up Internet Explorer 8 ( IE8 ) as quickly as next month , Shaver rejects the idea that Firefox is in a race .
" No , I do n't think it is important , " he said when asked whether Mozilla needs to get Firefox 3.1 out the door before IE8 .
" We 're eager to get a high - quality Firefox 3.1 , " he said .
" This is much more about having the product done right than getting it out fast . "
Firefox 3.1 Beta 2 , still the newest public release of the browser , debuted in early December 2008 .
It can be downloaded from Mozilla 's site in versions for Windows , Mac OS X and Linux .
This story , " Firefox 3.1 Wo n't Ship This Quarter " was originally published by Computerworld .
CHICAGO ( January 14 , 2009 ) – New research published in the January issue of the Journal of the American College of Surgeons shows that morbidly obese patients are at higher risk than normal weight patients for complications after colectomy – surgical removal of all or part of the colon – for the treatment of cancer .
Obese patients are more likely than non -obese patients to develop and ultimately die from colon cancer , the second leading cause of cancer death in the United States .
Surgical intervention remains the primary treatment for colon cancer , but it carries the risk of serious complications .
" Although recent analyses have suggested that obese patients undergoing colectomy have higher rates of complications after the operation , this is the first major study to examine how body mass index affects the risk of specific adverse events such as infection , kidney failure and blood clots , " said Ryan P. Merkow , MD , department of surgery , University of Colorado Denver School of Medicine .
" These findings could help medical teams anticipate and manage post - operative risks in morbidly obese patients . "
The researchers used the American College of Surgeons National Surgical Quality Improvement Project dataset to identify 3,202 patients who underwent colectomy for cancer .
These patients were categorized into four patient populations based on body mass index ( BMI ) : normal weight ( BMI = 18.5 to 24 kg / m2 , 33.4 percent ) ; overweight ( BMI = 25 to 29 kg / m2 , 35.1 percent ) ; obese ( BMI = 30 to 34kg / m2 , 19.0 percent ) ; and morbidly obese ( BMI ≥ 35 kg / m2 , 12.4 percent ) .
Logistic regression models were developed to assess risk - adjusted 30 - day outcomes by BMI while adjusting for preoperative risk factors .
Compared with normal weight patients , complications occurred more frequently in the morbidly obese ( 31.8 versus 20.5 percent , p≤0.05 ) .
Specifically , the morbidly obese patients had a higher risk of surgical site infection ( 20.7 versus 9.0 percent , p≤0.05 ) , wound opening ( 3.3 versus 1.1 percent , p≤0.05 ) , pulmonary embolism ( 1.3 versus 0.3 percent , p≤0.05 ) and kidney failure ( 3.0 versus 1.5 percent , p≤0.05 ) , but not other complications .
Thirty - day mortality and length of stay did not differ significantly by BMI .
Normal , overweight and obese groups had similar overall complication rates ( 20.5 percent versus 23.9 percent versus 22.9 percent , respectively ) .
However , compared with normal - weight patients , overweight patients experienced significantly more surgical site infections ( 8.0 percent versus 5.5 percent ) .
No other complications occurred significantly more often in the overweight and obese groups .
Source : Weber Shandwick Worldwide
BOULDER , Colo . - NASA ?s Kepler space telescope , asharp - eyed spacecraft designed to hunt for Earth - like planets , is ready to shipout for an early March launch .
BallAerospace & Technologies Corp. - the Boulder , Colo . - based NASA contractorresponsible for developing the Kepler flight system and supporting missionoperations - recently completed the spacecraft ?s final pre-ship checkout and delivered the spacecraft to CapeCanaveral Air Force Station , Fla. , for a March 5 liftoff on a Delta2 booster .
? In orderto find Earth - sized planets , you need to stare at the same place in space andlook for dips in the light curve , ? said John Troeltzsch , Ball Aerospace program manager for civil space systems .
Kepler initially will look at 140,000 stars , with projectscientists paring the field of study down to 100,000 stars , Troeltzsch said .
Building the NASA Discovery - classKepler has meant harnessing a trio of key capabilities : pointing accuracy , a very large field of view andlow - noise electronics to maximize the ability to read data from the sensitivedetection system .
? It ?s avery sophisticated machine , ?
Troeltzsch told Space News in a Dec. ? 16 interview .
The technology toundertake Kepler was not ? available until just a few yearsago , he said , ? so we really are at the right place at the right time .?
Part ofthat opportune timing has been ?
the increasing number ofextrasolar planets detected to date , ? most of which have been ? at least the size of Jupiter .
Over its three and a half year mission , Kepler will attempt to detect planets 30 to 600 timessmaller than Jupiter .
Given that Earth - sized worlds do exist around stars like ?
the sun , Kepler is expected to be thefirst to find them , and the first to measure their frequency .
Locatingrocky worlds like Earth , including those that lie in a star ?s habitablezone , could mean identifying planets where liquid water , and perhaps life , could exist .
Using a 0.95 - meter diameter telescope and an array of 42 charge - coupled devices - thelight - sensitive microchips at the heart of the most common digital cameras - ?
Kepler will measure the change in brightnessthat occurs when a planet transits ?
across the face of its parent star .
From that light fluctuation in starlight - and time between transits - scientists can determine the size of the planet , the size of the planet ?s orbit , andeven approximate the planet ?s temperature .
? What we ? reinterested in are light curves over time , ?
Troeltzsch said .
?
There are nopretty pictures ?
like Hubble Space Telescope images or Spitzer Space Telescopeinfrared observations , he said , but Kepler is perfectly optimized for itssearch duties .
? I grew upwatching ?
Star Trek , ? so I ?m confident that there are a lotof planets out there , ?
Troeltzsch said .
?
If we get no result , that ? s going tobe just as profound .?
Exo -planet research on the rise
Followinglaunch , Kepler will ?be nudged into an Earth - trailingheliocentric orbit with a period of 372.5 days .
Once on duty and collectingdata , the spacecraft rolls every 30 days to align a fixed high - gain antenna todownload that month ?s gathered readings to NASA ?s Deep Space Network .
Kepleralso carries out a 90 - degree roll every 90 days to keep its solar panels alwayspointed at the sun , Troeltzsch noted .
Kepler datais to be relayed to the Data Management Center at the Space Telescope ScienceInstitute in Baltimore , with science data analysis carriedout by the NASA Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , Calif .
The searchfor exo-planets in the last decade has escalated from something hardly conceivable to an active and enthusiastic scientificendeavor , said Bill Borucki , the scienceprincipal investigator for the Kepler Mission at NASA Ames .
Kepler hastaken a long road to reach the launch pad .
Using thetransit technique for spotting Earth - sized planets by a spacecraft was firstsuggested by Borucki in 1984 .
? I pursuedthis for 14 years ?
I did get an award for being persistent , ?
Borucki said , recalling the critics who told ? him what he was proposing would never work .
But time , technology and perseverance ?
eventually won out , he said , with Kepler gaining flight approvalas a NASA Discovery mission in late 2001 .
However , the price tag for the Discovery - class mission has ?
risen several times since its 2001selection , with the total cost of the mission rising more than 20 percent , topping ?
$ 550 million before the team asked ? for an additional ?
$ 50 ? million in the spring of 2007 .
NASA ?s associate administrator for science at the time , Alan Stern , directed the Keplerteam to find a way to deliver the mission without a new cash infusion or face cancellation .
? We were determined to get theprogram back on track .
And that ?s exactly what we did .
It was a verydifficult period .
There was a lot of pressure , ?
Troeltzsch said .
The re-plan Stern set in motion was a ? catalyzing event , ?
he said , causing a flurry of management changes at ?
Ball , Ames and elsewhere .
? We held to the Stern agreement ofno cost increase ?
no more money , and that ?s what we did , ?
Troeltzsch said .?
Stability is a large part of it ? of suppliers and funding .
But you have tolive in the world you live in .?
Kepler - ready students
The Laboratory for Atmospheric and Space Physics ( LASP ) at the University of Colorado here isunder contract to Ball Aerospace to operate Kepler .
The ? mission operations center will bestaffed by a mix of ? students and professionals from ?
the university and technicians from nearby Ball Aerospace .
? Our job isto do on - orbit commanding , ? said Bill Possel , director of mission operations anddata systems at LASP .
LASP is currently flying four Earth - orbiting satellites , he said : the Aeronomy of Ice in the Mesosphere ; the Solar Radiation and ClimateExperiment ; the Ice , Cloud , and land Elevation Satellite ( ICESat ) ; and the Quick Scatterometer .
In terms ofthe challenge presented by operating Kepler , Possel said it is ?
maybe a notchabove ?
the level of complexity of ICESat .
Possel saida compliment of eight to 10 ? students are presently considered Kepler - ready , in addition to a mix of professionals from theuniversity and Ball .
Using LASP for ?
Kepler mission operations not onlysaves NASA money , he said , it also provides an invaluable , career - enhancing opportunity for students .
? We ?re thefirst line of defense for the spacecraft , instrument health and safety , ?
Posseladded . ?
It ?s a win-win ? for the science team because it ? s less expensive and the aerospace industry wins because you get a trained engineer that hashands - on experience for the work force .?
This alladds up to getting more science at lower cost , a LASP credo , Possel said .
? For thestudents , Kepler is so cool , ?
Possel said .
?
To look for habitable - sized planets ?
and doing it as a student .
The science is complex , but not complex enoughthat you can ?t explain it to your parents .?
Spotter - scope capability
The ongoing search for exo-planets is anexciting field , said James Fanson , Kepler project manager at NASA ?s Jet PropulsionLaboratory in Pasadena , Calif .
? Keplerfits very timely into this growing field by giving us an opportunity for thefirst time to determine how frequently Earth - size planets form and orbit in ahabitable zone around other stars , ?
Fanson said .
?
We ?re focused on trying tofind Earth analogs .
So we ?ve designed Kepler specifically to detect planetsthat are the size of the Earth and even slightly smaller .?
Kepler will serve as a spotterscope , Fanson said , finding candidate planets that can then be targeted byEarth - based observations to rule out false - positive detections .
Of course , Kepler could come up dry in its hunt for Earth - sized planets circling distant stars .
Conversely , there exists the prospect of discovering scads of Earth - sized planets , therebyadding more gusto to the belief that Earth is part of a rich tapestry ofhabitable worlds .
? Personally , the way I think about it is that we just have no data .
We just don?t know theanswer , ?
Fanson said .
?
We ?re simply privileged to live at a time when we havethe technology and the science to actually answer that question finally forhumankind .?
Borucki of NASA Ames said Kepler is a step forward , offering aspotter - scope capability that will support future decision - making ? about building more powerfulspacecraft to home in on candidate worlds capable ofsustaining life .
? We need to know if this is a wildgoose chase or not , ?
Borucki added .
?
We ?re at a bifurcation point and Kepler isjust a step , one step in many steps as we explore the galaxy .?
Video - A World Like Our Own
Top 10 Most Intriguing Extrasolar Planets
Video - Planet Hunter
LeonardDavid has been reporting on the space industry for more than four decades .
Heis past editor - in - chief of the National Space Society 's Ad Astra and SpaceWorld magazines and has written for SPACE.com since 1999 .
GALLERY SLIIIGHTLY NSFW FOR A FEW WOMEN IN CONSERVATIVE LINGERIE .
I have never been more confused by a picture in my entire life .
I mean , WTF is going on there ?
I dunno , but it does remind me of the time I caught a creep trying to sniff my bicycle seat .
So you know what I did ?
I rang my little bell and kept riding .
BRRRING BRRRING !
Hit the jump for a bunch more " sexy " stormtroopers , a couple of which made my penis cry .
UPDATE : Couple more pictures added .
TOP 10 Sexiest Stormtroopers [ tip10kid ]
Thanks to Kyle , who looks way better in a codpiece than any of these chicks .
You are here : Home / Weird Stuff / Society / World ’s Most Deadliest Prisons
Bang Kwang Prison : ( Thailand ) - Known as the â€œBangkok Hiltonâ€ , Bang Kwang is understaffed , overcrowded , and filled with inmates who struggle with insanity as they spend the first months of their sentences chained in leg irons .
The Thai culture doesnâ€™t believe in coddling prisoners , and , in the words of Director of Prison Khun Nattee , â€ œThai prisons are toughâ€ ¦you donâ€™t want to be in Bang Kwang.â€ 
Poor medical care is standard at this prison , with sick inmates shackled to their beds as they wait for medicines they probably will never get .
If you find yourself on Death Row at Bangkwang , you will have leg irons welded on until your execution , and you will be given only two hours notice before dying by lethal injection .
Carandiru Prison : ( Brazil ) –
The body count was sky - high at this notorious Brazilian prison , where riots in 1992 triggered a massacre of the general population by local police : inmates , who had already given in and surrendered to police , were shot as they cowered in terror in their tiny cells .
Deaths at this facility are thought to be as many as 1300 over its 46 year history : the reign of terror by prison officials was stopped in 2002 when the prison was closed , amidst campaigns from Amnesty International , and reports of gross human rights violations that could not be quieted by Brazilian officials .
The violence wasnâ€™t the only thing threatening the unfortunate residents of this dark place : an AIDS epidemic at the facility spread rapidly , with as many as one in five of the inmates suffering from the disease .
ADX Florence Supermax Prison : ( Colorado ) –
This prison was built in response to the violent attacks on guards and prison staff at other US prisons – it was meant to be the ultimate deterrent , a place where inmates were completely isolated from prison staff , and left to live in slow psychological torture as they spent 23 hours a day in barren cells .
Inmates at ADX are the worst of the worst , often repeat offenders who have killed or injured other inmates , or even prison guards , during their time in other institutions .
Describes by inmates as a nightmare vision of punishment , â€œmeant to inflict misery and painâ€ , this â€œclean version of hellâ€ is also a violent place , despite all the steps taken to segregate and isolate the general population .
In its 13 years of operation , two prisoners have been killed at ADX Florence .
Another prisoner , named Lawrence Klaker , was shot and injured as he entered the Supermax prison for the first time : he later killed himself within prison walls .
Illinois Gov. Rod Blagojevich ( D ) appointed Roland Burris , 71 , to fill the U.S. Senate seat he is accused of trying to sell , said The Washington Post in an editorial .
And despite Burris ’s “ strong credentials ” — the state ’s first black attorney general and the first African American elected to statewide office — the tainted appointment “ cannot be allowed to stand . ”
Senate Democrats should follow through on their threat to not accept Burris as President - elect Obama ’s replacement .
“ Legally , they can ’t , ” said Will Bunch in the Philadelphia Daily News online .
“ People are understandably outraged ” by Blagojevich ’s “ affront to political decency , ” but a landmark 1969 Supreme Court case limits the Senate ’s ability to reject his choice — Burris is legally eligible to be a U.S. senator .
Democrats should give up this fight and instead “ rally behind ” some 2010 Illinois candidate “ not named Ronald Burris . ”
Burris has done nothing wrong , said John Cole in Balloon Juice , and “ all this pearl - clutching ” about the impropriety of his selection “ makes me want to vomit . ”
Until Blagojevich resigns , is impeached , or is convicted , he ’s still legally the governor and his pick of Burris legally valid .
If the governor is “ so corrupt that he cannot appoint an innocent and good man , ” Democrats need to stop “ playing games ” and “ get rid of him . ”
Otherwise , “ suck it up and deal . ”
Looks like Blagojevich has “ outfoxed ” his party , said Andrew Malcolm in the Los Angeles Times online .
Not only does his “ brilliant and cunning and cynical political move ” show he ’s still in charge in Illinois , it also makes the public fight “ more over seating Burris in Washington than unseating Blago in Springfield . ”
And it hands Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid “ one helluva hot potato ” — if Democrats blocks Burris , they block “ the Senate ’s sole African American . ”
The reliance on “ race baiting ” to sell Burris “ is dangerous and destructive , ” said the Illinois Northwest Herald in an editorial .
Unlike Blagojevich , Burris has served Illinois “ with integrity ” — it ’s a pity that he ’ll now be remembered for “ the crass opportunism and tone deafness he displayed in accepting Blagojevich ’s offer . ”
There 's only one 2012dvd.com domain .
Once purchased , it may never become available again .
( CNN ) -- King Nut Companies issued a total recall of peanut butter that it distributes Saturday amid fears of a salmonella outbreak that the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention said has infected 399 people in 42 states .
Salmonella bacteria are transmitted to humans by eating contaminated foods .
Ohio - based King
Nut acknowledged in a statement that salmonella had been found in an open 5 - pound tub of King Nut peanut butter .
" We are very sorry this happened , " Martin Kanan , president of King Nut Companies , said in the statement .
" We are taking immediate and voluntary action because the health and safety of those who use our products is always our highest priority . "
King
Nut peanut butter was identified as the source of an outbreak that may have contributed to one death in Minnesota , state public health officials said Friday .
King Nut said Saturday that peanut butter sold under its label was manufactured by Peanut Corporation of America .
The release gave no other details on the manufacturer , but Peanut Corporation of America 's Web site lists its headquarters as Lynchburg , Virginia , and says it has processing operations in Virginia , Georgia and Texas .
Peanut Corporation of America could not be immediately reached for comment .
The CDC is working with public health officials in the 42 affected states to determine the cause of the outbreak of a type of salmonella called Typhimurium .
Learn more about salmonella »
The first cases were reported September 3 , but most cases occurred between October 1 and December 31 , the CDC said .
About 18 percent of victims were hospitalized as a result of their illness , and patients ' ages have ranged from 2 months to 98 years .
California is reporting the highest case count , with 55 , followed by Ohio with 53 cases , Massachusetts with 39 , Minnesota with 30 and Michigan with 20 .
The other 37 states are each reporting fewer than 20 cases .
Eight states have reported no cases connected to the outbreak .
They are Montana , New Mexico , Louisiana , Mississippi , South Carolina , Florida , Alaska and Hawaii .
In its statement , King Nut said it distributes peanut butter " only through food service accounts .
It is not sold directly to consumers . "
Health Library Salmonella infection
The statement added , " King Nut does not supply any of the ingredients for the peanut butter distributed under its label .
All other King Nut products are safe and not included in this voluntary recall . "
Strains of salmonella linked to previous outbreaks have been traced to contaminated eggs , meat , poultry , vegetables , pet food and peanut butter .
Salmonella infections can be treated with antibiotics , though some strains are resistant to these drugs , according to the CDC .
Most people infected develop diarrhea , fever and abdominal cramps within a few days of infection , and their illness can last up to a week .
Most recover without treatment , but some may suffer dehydration and , in severe cases , require hospitalization .
Children , senior citizens , people with chronic illnesses and those with weak immune systems tend to be at highest risk for complications , according to the National Institutes of Health .
All About Food Safety • Centers for Disease Control and Prevention
Maurice Merleau - Ponty ( 1908 — 1961 )
Maurice Merleau - Ponty ’s work is commonly associated with the philosophical movement called existentialism and its intention to begin with an analysis of the concrete experiences , perceptions , and difficulties , of human existence .
However , he never propounded quite the same extreme accounts of radical freedom , being - towards - death , anguished responsibility , and conflicting relations with others , for which existentialism became both famous and notorious in the 1940s and 1950s .
Perhaps because of this , he did not initially receive the same amount of attention as his French contemporaries and friends , Jean - Paul Sartre and Simone de Beauvoir .
These days though , his phenomenological analyses are arguably being given more attention than either , in both France and in the Anglo - American context , because they retain an ongoing relevance in fields as diverse as cognitive science , medical ethics , ecology , sociology and psychology .
Although it is difficult to summarize Merleau - Ponty ’s work into neat propositions , we can say that he sought to develop a radical re-description of embodied experience ( with a primacy given to studies of perception ) , and argued that these phenomena could not be suitably understood by the philosophical tradition because of its tendency to drift between two flawed and equally unsatisfactory alternatives : empiricism and , what he called , intellectualism .
This article will seek to explain his understanding of perception , bodily movement , habit , ambiguity , and relations with others , as they were expressed in his key early work , Phenomenology of Perception , before exploring the enigmatic ontology of the chiasm and the flesh that is so evocatively described in his unfinished book , The Visible and the Invisible .
Table of Contents
1. Life and Works
Maurice Merleau - Ponty was born on March 14th 1908 , and like many others of his generation , his father was killed in World War I .
He completed his philosophy education at the Ecole Normale Superieure in 1930 , and rather rapidly became one of the foremost French philosophers of the period during , and immediately following World War II , where he also served in the infantry .
As well as being Chair of child psychology at Sorbonne in 1949 , he was the youngest ever Chair of philosophy at the College de France when he was awarded this position in 1952 .
He continued to fulfill this role until his untimely death in 1961 , and was also a major contributor for the influential political , literary , and philosophical magazine that was Les Temps Modernes .
While he repeatedly refused to be explicitly named as an editor alongside his friend and compatriot Jean - Paul Sartre , he was at least as important behind the scenes .
Along with Sartre , he has frequently been associated with the philosophical movement existentialism , though he never propounded quite the same extreme accounts of freedom , anguished responsibility , and conflicting relations with others , for which existentialism became both famous and notorious .
Indeed , he spent much of his career contesting and reformulating many of Sartre ’s positions , including a sustained critique of what he saw as Sartre ’s dualist and Cartesian ontology .
He also came to disagree with Sartre ’s rather hard - line Marxism , and this was undoubtedly a major factor in what was eventually a rather acrimonious ending to their friendship .
For Merleau - Ponty ’s assessment of their differences see Adventures of the Dialectic , but for Sartre ’s version of events , see Situations .
While he died before completing his final opus that sought to completely reorient philosophy and ontology ( The Visible and the Invisible ) , his work retains an importance to contemporary European philosophy .
Having been one of the first to bring structuralism and the linguistic emphasis of thinkers like Saussure into a relationship with phenomenology , his influence is still considerable , and an increasing amount of scholarship is being devoted to his works .
His philosophy was heavily influenced by the work of Husserl , and his own particular brand of phenomenology was preoccupied with refuting what he saw as the twin tendencies of Western philosophy ; those being empiricism , and what he termed intellectualism , but which is more commonly referred to as idealism .
He sought to rearticulate the relationship between subject and object , self and world , among various other dualisms , and his early and middle work did so primarily through an account of the lived and existential body ( see The Phenomenology of Perception ) .
He argued that the significance of the body , or the body - subject as he sometimes referred to it , is too often underestimated by the philosophical tradition which has a tendency to consider the body simply as an object that a transcendent mind orders to perform varying functions .
In this respect , his work was heavily based upon accounts of perception , and tended towards emphasizing an embodied inherence in the world that is more fundamental than our reflective capacities , though he also claims that perception is itself intrinsically cognitive .
His work is often associated with the idea of the ‘ primacy of perception ’ , though rather than rejecting scientific and analytic ways of knowing the world , Merleau - Ponty simply wanted to argue that such knowledge is always derivative in relation to the more practical exigencies of the body ’s exposure to the world .
2. Early Philosophy
When asked whether he was contemplating retirement on account of illness and the ravages of advancing age , Pope John Paul II confirmed that he was , and bemoaned the fact that his body was no longer a docile instrument , but a cage .
Although it is difficult to deny that a docile body that can be used instrumentally might be preferable to its decaying alternative–a body that prevents us acting as we might wish to –both positions are united by a very literal adherence to the mind - body duality , and the subordination of one term of that duality ; the body .
Of course , such a dualistic way of thinking , and the denunciation of the body that it usually entails , is certainly not restricted to religious traditions .
This denigration of embodiment governs most metaphysical thought , and perhaps even most philosophical thought , until at least Nietzsche .
Even Heidegger ’s philosophy has been accused of deferring the question of the body , and a non-dualistic exploration of our embodied experience seems to be a project of some importance , and it is one that preoccupied Maurice Merleau - Ponty throughout his entire career .
While a major figure in French phenomenology , Merleau - Ponty , at least until relatively recently , has rarely been accorded the amount of attention of many of his compatriots .
In my opinion , this has been a considerable oversight , as it is doubtful that any other philosopher , phenomenologist or otherwise , has ever paid such sustained attention to the significance of the body in relation to the self , to the world , and to others .
There is no relation or aspect of his phenomenology which does not implicate the body , or what he terms the body - subject ( which is later considered in terms of his more general notion of the flesh ) , and significantly , his descriptions allow us to reconceive the problem of embodiment in terms of the body ’s practical capacity to act , rather than in terms of any essential trait .
In the Phenomenology of Perception , which is arguably his major work , Merleau - Ponty sets about exposing the problematic nature of traditional philosophical dichotomies and , in particular , that apparently age - old dualism involving the mind and the body .
It is no accident that consideration of this dualism plays such an important role in all of his work , since the constitution of the body as an ‘ object ’ is also a pivotal moment in the construction of the idea of an objective world which exists ‘ out there ’ ( PP 72 ) .
Once this conception of the body is problematized , so too , according to Merleau - Ponty , is the whole idea of an outside world that is entirely distinguishable from the thinking subject .
Merleau - Ponty criticizes the tendency of philosophy to fall within two main categories , neither of which is capable of shedding much light on the problems that it seeks to address .
He is equally critical of the rationalist , Cartesian accounts of humanity , as well as the more empirical and behavioristic attempts to designate the human condition .
Rationalism is problematic because it ignores our situation , and consequently the contingent nature of thought , when it makes the world , or at least meaning , the immanent property of the reflecting mind .
One quote from Descartes is illustrative of this type of attitude :
“ If I chance to look out of the window onto men passing in the street , I do not fail to say , on seeing them , that I see men … and yet , what do I see from this window , other than hats and cloaks , which cover ghosts or dummies who move only by means of springs ?
But I judge them to be really men , and thus I understand , by the sole power of judgment that resides in my mind , what I believed I saw with my eyes ” ( Crossley 10 ) .
Descartes ’ prioritizing of the mental above the physical ( and indeed the duality itself ) , is very obvious here and this is something that Merleau - Ponty strongly rejects .
As well as being unjust to existential experience , it also leaves the problem of meaningful judgment untouched .
The account presupposes the meaningful judgment of hats and cloaks , rather than explaining how this perception could actually be meaningful .
We shall return to such criticisms of Cartesianism throughout this chapter , but for the time being it is more important for us to have an accurate understanding of where Merleau - Ponty situates his philosophy , than it is for us to have a systematic comprehension of exactly why he refutes rationalism , or what he terms intellectualism .
According to Merleau - Ponty , empiricism also makes our cultural world an illusion , by ignoring the internal connection between the object and the act .
For him , perception is not merely the result of the functioning of individual organs , but also a vital and performative human act in which “ I ” perceive through the relevant organs .
Each of the senses informs the others in virtue of their common behavioral project , or concern with a certain human endeavor , and perception is inconceivable without this complementary functioning .
Empiricism generally ignores this , and Merleau - Ponty contends that whatever their efficacy in explaining certain phenomena , these type of scientific and analytic causalities cannot actually appraise meaning and human action .
As one critic points out , “ if we attempt to localize and sectionalize the various activities which manifest themselves at the bodily level , we lose the signification of the action itself ” ( Barral 94 ) .
In the terms of Merleau - Ponty ’s later philosophy , such an analysis would “ recuperate everything except itself as an effort of recuperation , it would clarify everything except its own role ” ( VI 33 ) .
The main point to extract from this is that , for Merleau - Ponty , both empiricism and intellectualism are eminently flawed positions :
“ In the first case consciousness is too poor , in the second too rich for any phenomenon to appeal compellingly to it .
Empiricism cannot see that we need to know what we are looking for , otherwise we would not be looking for it , and intellectualism fails to see that we need to be ignorant of what we are looking for , or equally again we should not be searching ” ( PP 28 ) .
It is not difficult to see why Merleau - Ponty would be preoccupied with undermining such dichotomous tendencies .
Essentially it ensures that one exists as a constituting thing ( subject ) or as a thing ( object ) .
Moreover , that perennial philosophical debate regarding whether humanity is free or determined is more than tangentially related , and all of these issues seem to be inextricably intertwined in what Foucault aptly terms the “ empirico - transcendental doublet of modern thought . ”
This ontological dualism of immanence and transcendence – see mind / body , thought / language , self / world , inside / outside – is at the forefront of all of Merleau - Ponty ’s attempts to re-orientate philosophy .
While Merleau - Ponty does not want to simplistically deny the possibility of cognitive relations between subject and object , he does want to repudiate the suggestion that these facts are phenomenologically primitive .
It may be useful , in a particular situation , to conceive of a seer and a seen , a subject and an object .
Many scientific endeavors fruitfully rely upon the methodological ideal of a detached consciousness observing brute facts about the world .
Merleau - Ponty can accommodate this , provided that the terms of such dualities are recognized to be relationally constituted .
In other words , for him , the seer and the seen condition one another and , of course , there is an obvious sense in which our capacity for seeing does depend on our capacity for being seen – that is , being physically embodied in what Merleau - Ponty has occasionally described as an ‘ inter - individual ’ world .
In this repudiation of traditional metaphysical philosophy and its governing subject - object relationship , it is perhaps unsurprising that Merleau - Ponty , when speaking of his phenomenological method , suggests that “ the demand for a pure description excludes equally the procedure of analytical reflection on the one hand , and that of scientific explanation on the other ” ( PP ix ) .
Only by avoiding these tendencies , according to him , can we “ rediscover , as anterior to the ideas of subject and object , the fact of my subjectivity and the nascent object , that primordial layer at which both things and ideas come into being ” ( PP 219 ) .
The Phenomenology of Perception is hence united by the claim that we are our bodies , and that our lived experience of this body denies the detachment of subject from object , mind from body , etc ( PP xii ) .
In this embodied state of being where the ideational and the material are intimately linked , human existence cannot be conflated into any particular paradigm , for as Nick Crossley suggests , “ there is no meaning which is not embodied , nor any matter that is not meaningful ” ( Crossley 14 ) .
It should be clear from this that Merleau - Ponty ’s statement that ‘ I am my body ’ cannot simply be interpreted as advocating a materialist , behaviorist type position .
He does not want to deny or ignore those aspects of our life which are commonly called the ‘ mental ’ – and what would be left if he did ?
– but he does want to suggest that the use of this ‘ mind ’ is inseparable from our bodily , situated , and physical nature .
This means simply that the perceiving mind is an incarnated body , or to put the problem in another way , he enriches the concept of the body to allow it to both think and perceive .
It is also for these reasons that we are best served by referring to the individual as not simply a body , but as a body - subject .
Virtually the entirety of the Phenomenology of Perception is devoted to illustrating that the body cannot be viewed solely as an object , or material entity of the world .
Perception has been a prominent theme in Merleau - Ponty ’s attempts to establish this , and even in his latest work , he still holds its primacy as our clearest relationship to Being , and in which the inadequacy of dualistic thinking is most explicitly revealed .
However , despite the titles of two of his major works ( Phenomenology of Perception and The Primacy of Perception ) , perception , at least as the term is usually construed , is paradoxically enough , not really a guiding principle in his work .
This is because the practical modes of action of the body - subject are inseparable from the perceiving body - subject ( or at least mutually informing ) , since it is precisely through the body that we have access to the world .
Perception hence involves the perceiving subject in a situation , rather than positioning them as a spectator who has somehow abstracted themselves from the situation .
There is hence an interconnection of action and perception , or as Merleau - Ponty puts it , “ every perceptual habituality is still a motor habit ” ( PP 153 ) .
This ensures that there is no lived distinction between the act of perceiving and the thing perceived .
This will become clearer in his later philosophy , where the figure of the chiasm becomes an important ontological motif for explaining how and why this is the case .
At this stage however , it suffices to recognize that for Merleau - Ponty , “ in the natural attitude , I do not have perceptions ” ( PP 281 ) .
Moreover , in the “ Working Notes ” of his final , unfinished work , The Visible and the Invisible , he states that “ we exclude the term perception to the whole extent that it already implies a cutting up of what is lived into discontinuous acts , or a reference to things whose status is not specified , or simply an opposition between the visible and the invisible ” ( VI 157 - 8 ) .
Hence , as Gary Madison has pointed out , “ what traditionally has been referred to as ‘ perception ’ , no longer figures in Merleau - Ponty ’s post - foundationalist mode of thinking ” ( MPHP 83 ) .
To the degree that we can actually speak of Merleau - Ponty ’s account of perception , it essentially suggests the same thing as the rest of his work ( and despite the incredible breadth and perspicacity of his work , one cannot deny that the Phenomenology of Perception is repetitious ) ; it criticizes our tendency to bifurcate between two positions .
Merleau - Ponty suggests that ;
“ We started off from a world in itself which acted upon our eyes so as to cause us to see it , and now we have consciousness of , or thought about the world , but the nature of the world remains unchanged ; it is still defined by the absolute mutual exteriority of its parts , and is merely duplicated throughout its extent by a thought which sustains it ” ( PP 39 ) .
In other words , the common perceptual paradigm that involves passively seeing something and then interpreting that biological perception is , for Merleau - Ponty , a false one .
The presumption is still that one exists either as a thing , or as a consciousness ( PP 198 ) , but the perceiving body - subject conforms to neither of this positions ; its mode of existence is manifestly more complicated and ambiguous .
As hard as we may try , we can not see the broken shards of a beer bottle as simply the sum of its color , shape etc .
The whole background apparatus of what that bottle is used for , what consuming the liquids contained therein means for different people , what it is for something to be ‘ broken ’ etc , comes with , and not behind , our perception of that bottle .
For Merleau - Ponty , perception cannot be characterized as a type of thought in a classical , reflective sense , but equally clearly , it is also far from being a third person process where we attain access to some rarefied , pure object .
Just as for Heidegger we cannot hear pure noise but always a noise of some activity , the objects that we encounter in the world are always of a particular kind and relevant to certain human intentions ( explicit or otherwise ) , and we cannot step outside this instrumentality to some realm of purified objects or , for that matter , thought .
Perception then , is not merely passive before sensory stimulation , but as Merleau - Ponty suggests , is a “ creative receptivity ” .
In this respect , it is interesting to observe that our modern vernacular incorporates this more ‘ active ’ and appropriative dimension of perception .
After all , one is often commended for ‘ perceptive ’ observations , and for this to function as a compliment at all , it must admit of an individual ’s creative influence , and hence some responsibility , over the manner in which they perceive .
More empirically , it is also worth pointing out that if we were merely passive before a sensory image , it would not be possible to see different aspects of things as we so often do , or for that matter , for different individuals to construe a particular representation differently .
Consider Jastrow ’s / Wittgenstein ’s famous example in which a picture can be variously interpreted as a duck or a rabbit , or the prominent psychological diagram that highlights the capacity of an individual to see a vase at one moment and two faces confronting one another at the next , depending upon which part of the diagram they determine to be the background .
These experiential studies seem to reinforce Merleau - Ponty ’s fundamental point that we are not simply passive before sensorial stimulation , since the visual experience seems to change , and yet nothing changes optically with respect to color , shape or distance .
What we literally see , or notice , is hence not simply the objective world , but is conditioned by a myriad of factors that ensures that the relationship between perceiving subject and object perceived is not one of exclusion .
Rather , each term exists only through its dialectical relation to the other , and from this analysis of the perceiving body - subject , Merleau - Ponty enigmatically concludes that “ Inside and outside are inseparable .
The world is wholly inside and I am wholly outside myself ” ( PP 407 ) .
For Merleau - Ponty , this inseparability of inner and outer ensures that a study of the perceived ends up revealing the subject perceiving .
As he puts it , “ the body will draw to itself the intentional threads which bind it to its surroundings and finally will reveal to us the perceiving subject as the perceived world ” ( PP ) .
It is precisely this ambiguous intertwining of inner and outer , as it is revealed in a phenomenological analysis of the body , which the intellectualism of philosophy cannot appreciate .
According to Merleau - Ponty , philosophers of reflection ignore the paradoxical condition of all human subjectivity : that is , the fact that we are both a part of the world and coextensive with it , constituting but also constituted ( PP 453 ) .
However , if perception is not grounded in either an objective or subjective component ( for example , it is not objectively received before a subjective interpretation ) , but by a reciprocal openness which resides between such categories , it may be remarked that this would seem to endow perception with an instability that it clearly does n’t have .
Merleau - Ponty ’s philosophy has the means to cater for this stability though .
His analysis of the body ’s tendency to seek an equilibrium through skilful coping , or what he somewhat problematically terms “ habituality , ” affirms how perception is learnt , primarily through imitation , in an embodied and communal environment .
While perception is subject to change , just as communities can change over periods of time , this possibility certainly does not allow for wild fluctuations in perceptive experience from one moment to the next .
Habit , and the production of schemes in regards to the body ’s mobilization , “ gives our life the form of generality and prolongs our personal acts into stable dispositions ” ( PP 146 ) .
This tendency of our body to seek its own equilibrium and to form habits , is an infinitely important component of Merleau - Ponty ’s body - subject , and it is a theme that we will return to .
For the moment however , we must return to other manifestations of Merleau - Ponty ’s argument for the body - subject .
Another idea of central significance for him is the fact that the body is always there , and that its absence ( and to a certain degree also its variation ) is inconceivable ( PP 91 ) .
It means that we cannot treat the body as an object available for perusal , which can or cannot be part of our world , since it is not something that we can possibly do with out .
It is the mistake of classical psychology , not to mention the empiricism of all sciences , that it treats the body as an object , when for Merleau - Ponty , an object “ is an object only insofar as it can be moved away from me …
Its presence is such that it entails a possible absence .
Now the permanence of my body is entirely different in kind ” ( PP 90 ) .
It is inordinately difficult to fault this claim that the omnipresence of our body prevents us treating it simply as an object of the world , even though such an apparently axiomatic position is not always recognized by traditional philosophy , as we have already seen exemplified by both Descartes , and Pope John Paul II .
Another factor against conceiving of the body as being completely constituted , and an object in - itself , is the fact that it is that by which there are objects .
Our motility , that is , our capability of bodily movement , testifies that the body cannot be the mere servant of consciousness , since “ in order that we may be able to move our body towards an object , the object must first exist for it , our body must not belong to the realm of the in - itself ” ( PP 139 ) .
This Sartrean term will be accorded with more significance as we progress , but for the moment , one only need see that Merleau - Ponty is making explicit that the aspects of an object revealed to an individual are dependent upon their bodily position .
For him , it is also clear that we are not accorded quite the same privilege in viewing our own bodies , as we have in viewing other ‘ objects ’ .
For Merleau - Ponty , this is because “ the presentation of objects in perspective cannot be understood except through the resistance of my body to all variation of perspective ” ( PP 92 ) .
We cannot see our body as the other does , and as Merleau - Ponty says , “ the reflection of the body upon itself always miscarries at the last minute ” ( VI 9 ) .
I think it is relatively clear that we do need the other to attain to true awareness of ourselves as a body - subject .
Even our vision of ourselves in a mirror is always mediated by body image , and hence by the other , and it would seem that we ca n’t look at our own mirror image in quite the same way that we can appreciate the appearance of others .
These more existential aspects of our existence suggest that there is something fundamentally true about Merleau - Ponty ’s more general suggestion that our body should be conceived of as our means of communication with the world , rather than merely as an object of the world which our transcendent mind orders to perform varying functions .
Merleau - Ponty offers one particularly good example of the body as a means of communication , which also makes it clear that a subject - object model of exchange tends to deprive the existential phenomena of their true complexity .
He suggests that :
“ If I touch with my left hand my right hand while it touches an object , the right hand object is not the right hand touching : the first is an intertwining of bones , muscles and flesh bearing down on a point in space , the second traverses space as a rocket in order to discover the exterior object in its place ” ( PP 92 ) .
More significantly , the hand touching itself represents the body ’s capacity to occupy the position of both perceiving object and subject of perception , if not at once , then in a constant oscillation .
However , as he puts it , “ when I press my two hands together , it is not a matter of two sensations felt together as one perceives two objects placed side by side , but an ambiguous set - up in which both hands can alternate the role of ‘ touching ’ and being ‘ touched ' ” ( PP 93 ) .
Mark Yount expresses Merleau - Ponty ’s point well , when he suggests that “ the reflexivity of this touching - touched exceeds the logic of dichotomy : the two are not entirely distinguished , since the roles can be reversed ; but the two are not identical , since touching and touched can never fully coincide ” ( MPHP 216 - 7 ) .
This double touching and encroachment of the touching onto the touched ( and vice versa ) , where subject and object cannot be unequivocally discerned , is considered to be representative of perception and sensibility generally .
Pre-empting the more explicit ontology of The Visible and the Invisible ( and with which we shall become increasingly concerned ) , Merleau - Ponty hence tacitly argues for the “ reversibility ” of the body , its capacity to be both sentient and sensible , and reaffirms his basic contention that incarnate consciousness is the central phenomena of which mind and body are abstract moments ( PP 193 ) .
a. Habit
However , Merleau - Ponty has another vitally important and related point to make about the status of our bodies , which precludes them from being categorized simply as objects .
According to him , we move directly and in union with our bodies .
As he points out , “ I do not need to lead it ( the body ) towards a movement ’s completion , it is in contact with it from the start and propels itself towards that end ” ( PP 94 , my italics ) .
In other words , we do not need to check to see if we have two legs before we stand up , since we are necessarily with our bodies .
The consequences of this simple idea however , are more extensive than one may presume .
On a more complicated level , the sporting arena testifies to this being with our bodies , as does the wave , or other gesture , that simply responds to given circumstances without the intervention of traditional philosophical conceptions of thought and / or intention .
For instance , the basketball player who says that they are “ in the zone ” perceives the terrain in accordance with some general intentions , but these are modified by the situation in which they find themselves .
Their actions are solicited by the situations that confront them , in a constantly evolving way .
Interestingly enough , in The Structure of Behavior , Merleau - Ponty also makes use of a sporting analogy .
He suggests that :
“ For the player in action the football field is not an ‘ object ’ , that is , the ideal term which can give rise to a multiplicity of perspectival views and remain equivalent under its apparent transformations .
It is pervaded with lines of force ( the ‘ yard lines ’ ; those which demarcate the penalty area ) and articulated in sectors ( for example , the ‘ openings ’ between the adversaries ) which call for a certain mode of action and which initiate and guide the action as if the player were unaware of it .
The field itself is not given to him , but present as the immanent term of his practical intentions ; the player becomes one with it and feels the direction of the goal , for example just as immediately as the vertical and horizontal planes of his own body ” ( SB 168 ) .
This passage implies that to perceive the football pitch it is not necessary that an individual be aware of perceiving it , but this is not the only significance of this revealed mode of being .
The perceptions / actions of the sportsperson reveal a form of intelligence that informs much of our everyday interaction , and that refutes many dichotomous positions ( PP 142 ) , most obvious among these being the insistence that a separate act of interpretation ( to determine a goal or intention ) , is necessary to give action a meaningful form .
Moreover , Merleau - Ponty ’s descriptions of sporting activity also imply that as we refine our skills for coping with existence ( based upon past experiences ) , scenarios show up as soliciting those acquired skilful responses , and it is this aspect of his work that attracts Hubert Dreyfus ’ attention .
For Dreyfus , this “ skilful coping does not require a mental representation of its goal .
It can be purposive without the agent entertaining a purpose ” and this pre-reflective mode of existence reveals many of the postulations of dualistic thinking as abstractions .
Moreover , if this purposive action without a purpose ( other than best accommodating oneself to the situation in which one is immersed ) , is forestalled , say if a particular golfer starts to ponder the intricacies of their swing , where their feet are positioned , mental outlook etc , rather than simply responding , it is certainly probable that they will lose form .
So what , one may ask ?
According to Merleau - Ponty , the point is that “ whether a system of motor or perceptual powers , our body is not an object for an ‘ I think ’ , it is a grouping of lived - through meanings which moves towards its equilibrium ” ( PP 153 ) .
The emphasis upon rationalistic thought , and its tendency to dissect human behavior through the ‘ I think ’ , can conspire to turn us away from the body ’s acclimatization to it ’s own environment .
Merleau - Ponty hence seems to explore a more basic motivation for human action than is usually taken to be the case .
Rather than focusing upon our desire to attain certain pleasures or achieve certain goals , his analysis reveals the body ’s more primordial tendency to form intentional arcs , and to try and achieve an equilibrium with the world .
Through reference to embodied activity , Merleau - Ponty makes it clear that our actions , and the perceptions involved in those actions , are largely habitual ; learnt through imitation , and responsiveness within an environment and to a community .
Indeed , without such a pre-reflective base , language - games would be unlearnable , and as Wittgenstein was also beginning to do at virtually the same historical moment ( the early 1940 ’s ) , Merleau - Ponty hence emphasizes the philosophical importance of the act of learning , and by implication , training .
According to him , philosophy has generally been unable to adequately address these phenomena ( PP 142 ) , and it is worth repeating what I take to be an important sentence from the Phenomenology of Perception .
Merleau - Ponty suggests that empiricism and intellectualism ( the two logical outcomes of metaphysical thought ) , “ are in agreement in that neither can grasp consciousness in the act of learning , and that neither attaches due importance to that circumscribed ignorance , that still empty but always determinate intention which is attention itself ” ( PP 28 ) .
This emphasis upon consciousness in the act learning , is also what Dreyfus is intent on exploring in relation to Merleau - Ponty ’s philosophy , and he agrees that in the act of learning , consciousness is irremediably embodied .
Dreyfus asks , “ if everything is similar to everything else in an indefinitely large number of ways , what constrains the space of possible generalizations so that trial and error learning has a chance of succeeding ?
Here is where the body comes in ” .
It is worth suggesting that this might apply equally if everything is dissimilar , other to everything else – the body narrows this disparate range of phenomena down , or more accurately , renders them intelligible .
Our skilful embodiment makes it possible for us to encounter “ more and more differentiated solicitations to act ” , and enables us to react to situations , in ways that have previously proved successful , and which do not require purposive thought .
However , in order to begin to fathom what Dreyfus ’ “ embodied solicitations to act ” might involve , it is worth contemplating the suggestion of another commentator , who also emphasizes the importance of the body in learning :
“ Movements of the body are developed almost without conscious effort , in most cases .
There seems to be a sort of intelligence of the body : a new dance is learned without analyzing the sequence of movements .
Children learn dances very easily and well …
This is also the reason why habits can be formed : the body seems to have understood and retained the new meaning ” ( Barral 137 ) .
From this description , we can ascertain that it is usually not through conscious reflection and analysis that a dance or other language - game is learnt , but through repeated embodied efforts that are modified until the “ right ” movements are achieved .
This intelligence of the body ( for example , its capacity to innovate and retain new meaning ) , again denies the heavy emphasis that much of the philosophical tradition has placed upon interpretation , and certainly any conception of interpretation that contrasts itself with a purely passive perception .
This can also be envisaged as applying just as well to the intellectual , as it does to the dancer .
In reacting to their own different , but nevertheless distinct set of influences , they still choose modes of action in relation to past success .
Even in the most apparently ‘ thoughtful ’ of activities , the body inclines itself towards an equilibrium .
It is worth making explicit that this habit to which we are referring , is far from being merely a mechanistic or behaviorist propensity to pursue a certain line of action .
Our habitual mode of being is constantly being altered ( in however small a way ) , and the point is that habit is far more akin to a competence , or a “ flexible skill , a power of action and reaction ” ( Crossley 12 ) , which can be mobilied under different conditions to achieve different effects ( PP 143 ) .
However , we may want to ask , as Merleau - Ponty does , “ if habituality is neither a form of knowledge nor an involuntary action , what is it then ? ”
According to him , “ it is knowledge in the hands , which is forthcoming only when bodily effort is made , and cannot be formulated in detachment from that effort ” ( PP 144 ) .
Merleau - Ponty suggests that this type of “ knowledge in the hands ” is primordial , and he implies that if we completely detach ourselves from this habitual base , we risk embarking upon philosophic and scientific endeavors that are of no practical benefit , and that might also artificially serve to legitimize the mind - body dualism .
Another good example of this practical and embodied intelligence that Merleau - Ponty insistently points us towards , is the driving of a car .
We are intimately aware of how a particular car ’s gearshift needs to be treated , its ability to turn , accelerate , brake etc , and importantly , also of the dimensions of the vehicle .
When we reflect on our own parking , it is remarkable that there are so few little bumps considering how many times we are actually forced to come very close .
Indeed , even when reversing many drivers need not really monitor the progress of their car , because they ‘ know ’ ( in the sense of a harmony between aim and intention ) what result the various movements of the steering wheel are likely to induce .
The car is absorbed into our body schema with almost the same precision that we have regarding our own spatiality .
It becomes an “ area of sensitivity ” which extends “ the scope and active radius of the touch ” ( PP 143 ) and rather than thinking about the car , it is more accurate to suggest that we think from the point of view of the car , and consequently also perceive our environment in a different way ( Crossley 12 ) .
Notably , this thinking is not reflective or interpretive – we do not have to perceive the distance to a car park , and then reflect upon the fact that we are in a car of such and such proportions , before the delicate maneuver can be attempted .
Rather , it is a practical mastery of a technique which ensures that the given rules can be followed blindly ( or at least without reflective thought ) , and yet nevertheless with an embodied intelligence .
In one paragraph from the Phenomenology of Perception , Merleau - Ponty captures the issues at hand particularly well .
He observes that :
“ We said earlier that it is the body which “ understands ” in the acquisition of habituality .
This way of putting it will appear absurd , if understanding is subsuming a sense datum under an idea , and if the body is an object .
But the phenomenon of habituality is just what prompts us to revise our notion of “ understand ” and our notion of the body .
To understand is to experience harmony between what we aim at and what is given , between the intention and the performance – and the body is our anchorage in the world ” ( PP 144 ) .
In this paragraph , Merleau - Ponty defines understanding as a harmony between what we aim at and what is given , between intention and performance , and this also sheds some light upon his suggestion that consciousness is primarily not a matter of “ I think that ” , but of “ I can ” ( PP 137 ) .
Action in this paradigm is spontaneous and practical , and it is clear that we move phenomenally in a manner somewhat antithetical to the mind - body distinction ( PP 145 ) .
However , it is worth pointing out that while habit and the tendency to seek an equilibrium might help us adjust to the circumstances of our world , they do n’t simply make things easy .
For Merleau - Ponty , “ what enables us to centre our existence is also what prevents us from centering it completely , and the anonymity of our body is inseparably both freedom and servitude ” ( PP 85 ) .
Merleau - Ponty ’s point seems to be that though the body searches for equilibrium , as a mortal and temporal body it is also precluded from perpetual equilibrium ( cf PP 346 ) .
Merleau - Ponty ’s claim that knowing is far from an imperative for human action will be considered in greater detail throughout , but for the moment it is more important to consider some other consequences of his account of embodiment , particularly in relation to his suggestion that we move spontaneously , and pre-reflectively , in accord with our bodies .
According to his version of the pre-reflective cogito , when one motions towards a friend to come nearer , there is no preceding or ancillary thought prepared within me which motivates my action ( PP 111 ) .
I do not perceive a certain signal in my mind and then decide to act on it , or if I do , it is a rare and derivative occurrence .
According to Merleau - Ponty , the immense difference posited by the philosophical tradition between thinking and perceiving ( and of course , mind and body ) , is hence revealed as a mistake .
However , this suggestion that pre-reflective existence does not require interpretation , or any prior formulation of intention , is an important one and deserving of prolonged consideration .
Insisting that we cannot discern an interior state that precedes the expression of that state , Merleau - Ponty suggests that “ I am not in front of my body , I am in it or rather I am it …
If we can still speak of interpretation in relation to the perception of one ’s own body , we shall have to say that it interprets itself ” ( PP 150 ) .
One would struggle to envisage a much closer relationship to the body than that , and Merleau - Ponty elsewhere goes so far as to suggest that :
“ Nothing is changed when the subject is charged with interpreting his reactions himself , which is what is proper to introspection .
When he is asked if he can read the letters inscribed on a panel or distinguish the details of a shape , he will not trust a vague “ impression of legibility ” .
He will attempt to read or describe what is presented to him ” ( SB 183 ) .
According to Merleau - Ponty then , there is no ‘ mental ’ correlate of reading that makes it possible to definitively know that reading is taking place .
Faced with the demand that they prove that they have actually read , an individual can only refer , with circularity , to the words that have read themselves , repeating what is in front of him or her .
If further justification is demanded , eventually one can respond only by pointing out that “ this is simply what I do ” , and that these are the practices that I engage in .
Refusing to accord the ‘ mental ’ any privileged status , Merleau - Ponty even suggests that :
“ If I try to study love or hate purely from inner observation , I will find very little to describe : a few pangs , a few heart throbs – in short , trite agitations which do not reveal the essence of love or hate …
We must reject the prejudice which makes “ inner realities ” out of love , hate or anger , leaving them accessible to one single witness : the person who feels them .
Anger , shame , hate and love are not psychic facts hidden at the bottom of another ’s consciousness : they are types of behavior or styles of conduct which are visible from the outside ” ( SNS 52 - 3 ) .
Human subjectivity is no longer conceived of as residing in an inaccessible , private domain of the ‘ mental ’ .
Rather , Merleau - Ponty ’s notion of the body - subject entails an affirmation of public and surface interaction , and of the physiognomic qualities of our bodies .
This does not preclude deep feelings , but merely suggests that they must necessarily be manifested in our public lives .
A disturbance aroused in the affective life of an individual will have correlative repercussions in the physical , perceptive , and expressive life of that person .
This will obviously have significant ramifications for how we conceive of relationships with the other , but these are not merely flippant remarks designed only to refute intellectualism and empiricism .
Merleau - Ponty has thought through the consequences and recognizes , for example , that the Japanese express the emotion of love in significantly different ways to the archetypal French or Australian citizen .
But for him this cultural variance , “ or to be more precise , this difference of behavior , corresponds to a difference in the emotions themselves .
It is not only the gesture that is contingent in relation to the body ’s organization , it is the manner itself in which we meet the situation and live it ….
Feelings and passional conduct are invented like words ” ( PP 189 ) .
This quote is slightly misleading , because Merleau - Ponty ’s philosophy of situation does not want to suggest that either passional conduct , or words for that matter , can simply be constructed from nothing by a self - actualized individual .
The word invention , which seems to imply an individual inventing something , is the problematic term here .
Both passional conduct and words however , are invented , but by a community , and hence subtend any individual existence .
b. Philosophy and Reflection
However , for some critics Merleau - Ponty ’s notion of the body - subject , and his emphasis upon the intentional arc that inclines one towards an equilibrium and tacitly suggests the derivative nature of thought and interpretation , induces a picture of humanity that is too easy , and not reflective enough .
There is , after all , a tendency to interpret his position as being an advocacy of simple , spontaneous relations , and a nostalgic desire for some primordial inherence in Being .
It has been suggested that Merleau - Ponty ’s phenomenology does not give the required amount of attention to reflection , and other factors that might complicate this spontaneous , pre-reflective state .
On the other hand , it might also be claimed that not only can Merleau - Ponty ’s philosophy of situation accommodate rationality , it also consigns it to its proper place .
While in many ways his philosophy does affirm the primacy of perception ( broadly construed to incorporate the practical action that it cannot be distinguished from ) , this does n’t simply come at the cost of sacrificing the validity of rational processes .
Rather , it attempts to ground them in our situation , and to reinforce that reflection should not feign ignorance of its origins in perceptual experience .
His point is simply that the “ I can ” precedes and conditions the possibility of the “ I know ” ( PP 137 ) .
As Merleau - Ponty states , there is “ a privilege of reason , but precisely in order to understand it properly , we must begin by replacing thought amongst the phenomena of perception ” ( PrP 222 ) .
Analytic thought , and philosophy per se , can and should be used to render pre-reflective experience intelligible , for as he points out :
“ It is a question not of putting the perceptual faith in place of reflection , but on the contrary of taking into account the total situation , which involves reference from the one to the other .
What is given is not a massive and opaque world , or a universe of adequate thought ; it is a reflection which turns back over the density of the world in order to clarify it , but which , coming second , reflects back to it only its own light ” ( VI 35 ) .
Indeed , despite the nostalgic yearning that Merleau - Ponty occasionally seems to have for a primordial union with the world , he nevertheless makes it clear that one never returns to immediate experience .
It is only a question of whether we are to try to understand it , and he believes that to attempt to express immediate experience is not to betray reason but , on the contrary , to work towards its aggrandizement .
Philosophy is hence a means to improve our ways of living , and reason has a role in this , providing that it is based in the phenomenological exigencies of the subject and their life - world .
While his philosophy is poised on the margins of philosophy and non-philosophy , it is not anti-philosophical in any respect .
c. Ambiguity
Moreover , Merleau - Ponty does not intend to suggest that the complicity of body and mind that we see in habit and the mastery of a certain technique , implies an absolute awareness of one ’s own ‘ subjectivity ’ .
According to him , “ there is the absolute certitude of the world in general , but not of anything in particular ” ( PP 344 ) .
Knowing an individual person in a particular manifestation may presuppose an understanding of humanity in its totality , but certainly not any singular motivation for a particular act .
Lived relations can never be grasped perfectly by consciousness , since the body - subject is never entirely present - to - itself .
Meaningful behavior is lived through , rather than thematized and reflected upon , and this ensures that the actions of particular individuals “ may be meaningful without them being fully or reflectively aware of the meaning that their action creates or embodies .
In this sense , the behaving actor is not a fully - fledged subject in the Cartesian sense .
She is not fully transparent to herself ” ( Crossley 12 ) .
There is ambiguity then , precisely because we are not capable of disembodied reflection upon our activities , but are involved in an intentional arc that absorbs both our body and our mind ( PP 136 ) .
For Merleau - Ponty , both intellectualism and empiricism presuppose “ a universe perfectly explicit in itself ” ( PP 41 ) , but residing between these two positions , his body - subject actually requires ambiguity and , in a sense , indeterminacy .
According to Merleau - Ponty , ambiguity prevails both in my perception of things , and in the knowledge I have of myself , primarily because of our temporal situation which he insists cannot but be ambiguous .
He suggests that :
“ My hold on the past and the future is precarious and my possession of my own time is always postponed until a stage when I may fully understand it , yet this stage can never be reached , since it would be one more moment bounded by the horizon of its future , and requiring in its turn , further developments in order to be understood ” ( PP 346 cf 426 ) .
In such sentiments Merleau - Ponty seems to be suggesting that the relationship that we have to ourselves is one that is always typified by alterity , on account of a temporal explosion towards the future that precludes us ever being self - present .
[ The term “ alterity ” is basically synonymous with otherness and radical difference , but it also emphasizes change and transformation in a way that these terms might not . ]
There can be no self - enclosed “ now ” moment because time also always has this reflexive aspect that is aware of itself , and that opens us to experiences beyond our particular horizons of significance .
Indeed , it is because of this temporal alterity , that Merleau - Ponty asserts that we can never say ‘ I ’ absolutely ( PP 208 ) .
Rather , he suggests , “ I know myself only insofar as I am inherent in time and in the world , that is , I know myself only in my ambiguity ” ( PP 345 ) .
Elsewhere in the Phenomenology of Perception he goes on to imply that the subject is time and time is the subject ( PP 431 - 2 ) , and these sentiments are not that far from certain ‘ postmodern ’ conceptions of subjectivity .
Moreover , the attempt to take seriously the notion of ambiguity would , or at least should , also involve the deconstruction of what is termed the ‘ metaphysics of presence ’ .
Being the “ mark of a thought which is resolutely attempting to overcome oppositional thinking itself ” ( MPHP 120 ) , Merleau - Ponty ’s emphasis upon ambiguity , if consistently adhered to , would seem capable of refuting the various readings of him that assert that he is overly preoccupied with presence .
Mary Barral puts Merleau - Ponty ’s point exceedingly well , when she suggests that “ since we cannot remain in the alternative of either not understanding the subject , or of knowing nothing about the object , we must seek the object at the very heart of our experience … to understand the paradox that there is a “ for - us ” of the “ in-itself ” ( Barral 130 cf PP 71 ) .
In other words , we must attain an understanding of what Merleau - Ponty describes elsewhere as “ the paradox of transcendence in immanence ” ( PrP 16 ) – that is , to understand that objects are given over to us , influenced by us , just as we are influenced by the objects that surround us .
For Merleau - Ponty , this interdependence and mutual encroachment is evident in all aspects of perception and subjectivity .
As he makes clear , “ whenever I try to understand myself , the whole fabric of the perceptible world comes too , and with it comes the others who are caught in it ( S 15 ) .
In the concluding words of the Phenomenology of Perception he insists that “ man is a network of relations ” ( PP 456 ) , or “ man is a knot of relations ” , depending upon the translation , and the strong implication of Merleau - Ponty ’s philosophy is that this is not a knot ( or network ) of the Gordian variety , and that these relations are not something that we can , or even should , want to unravel .
The interdependence of the knot is what gives humanity its very qualities , and by dissecting it , we risk losing the very thing that establishes us as human .
But I think this point is best explored by Merleau - Ponty when he describes how in writing his philosophical texts , he might not necessarily have a precise idea of exactly where his discussion is leading but , “ as if by magic ” , the words flow from him and slowly become a cogent whole ( PP 177 ) .
This is not to be dismissed as merely being symptomatic of a supposed continental lack of philosophical rigor .
All papers , analytic or otherwise , are not written in the head , entirely worked out , before they are laid down .
The process of laying them down inevitably effects alterations .
Merleau - Ponty embraces this aspect of writing , and he does n’t consider it merely the derivative attempt to faithfully transcribe some self - present thought .
However , there is also the further point that where exactly the written creation derives from ( the particular word , as much as the whole book ) is a fundamentally ambiguous point , since it is neither the self - present subject , nor the cultural world , which determines the product , but the knot , the sum relation of all networks .
Again , this also necessitates a certain ambiguity at the heart of our experience .
Trying to discern what is a legitimate authentic project of the self , which is not induced by the demands of one ’s society , is infinitely difficult .
Indeed , it is not a possibility for Merleau - Ponty and because of its overtones of an unattainable individualism , he refused to use the existential concept of authenticity for his entire career .
But he would not want to say that something like , but slightly different from authenticity ( that is , an individual coming to terms with their own situation in an empowering way ) , is an impossibility .
In many ways , this is a primary ethical demand of his .
Finally however , this ambiguity at the heart of our experience will always be there and an authentic path is not one that we consciously choose by attempting to ensure that we are the only origin of our projects , somehow attempting what he contends is impossible ; that is , the transcending of our environment .
Rather , Merleau - Ponty ’s suggestion is that circumstances point us to , and in fact , allow us to find a way ( PP 456 ) .
The human situation is both a product of the ‘ mind ’ and our socio- historical situation , and moral achievement is a tenuous embrace of these facts .
3. Later Philosophy
Merleau - Ponty died before he had the opportunity to complete The Visible and the Invisible , which was intended to be a text of some considerable proportions .
He left us with three reasonably complete chapters , as well as his “ Working Notes ” for the remainder of this book , and from these two sources it is apparent that his thought had undergone some transformations .
However , opinions vary widely as to the extent of these changes .
Indeed , it is worth recalling that in an essay that was unpublished in his own lifetime , Merleau - Ponty describes his philosophical career as falling into two distinct phases : he tells us that the first phase of his work – up to and including the Phenomenology of Perception – involved an attempt to restore the world of perception and to affirm the primacy of the pre-reflective cogito .
In other words , in this period of his work he was intent on emphasizing an inherence in the world that is more fundamental than our thinking / reflective capacities .
The second distinct phase of his work , which refers predominantly to The Visible and the Invisible as well as to the abandoned Prose of the World , is characterized as an attempt “ to show how communication with others , and thought , take up and go beyond the realm of perception ” ( EW 367 - 8 ) .
This is important for several reasons , not least that it suggests a fairly major change in direction .
The idea that communication with others goes beyond the realm of perception , is sufficiently radical to put him at odds with at least a certain definition of phenomenology .
Ostensibly in opposition to this type of characterisation , Martin Dillon ’s book Merleau - Ponty ’s Ontology has emphasized that these two periods of Merleau - Ponty ’s career are actually intimately connected .
Dillon downplays the significance of quotes from Merleau - Ponty like that which has just been cited , and instead insists that The Visible and the Invisible is primarily concerned with bringing the results of the earlier work , which are often primarily psychological , to their ontological explication .
Merleau - Ponty has also suggested similar things at times ( cf VI 176 ) , and according to this type of account , the ontology of his later philosophy was already implied in his earlier works .
Despite agreeing with the broad outlines of this position , there are nevertheless some problems with such a characterization that suggest that the truth of this dispute might lie somewhere between these respective accounts .
The more radical aspects of The Visible and the Invisible are ignored by the view that conflates these two major periods , and Merleau - Ponty ’s treatment of Sartre ’s work in his two main texts ( VI and PP ) also seems to be importantly different .
It is however , more for exegetical than philosophical reasons that I have separated out Merleau - Ponty ’s thought into two major periods .
a. The Critique of the Phenomenology of Perception
Before we begin to examine his final attempt to circumvent the subject - object dichotomy , it is first necessary to get some idea as to why Merleau - Ponty thought his philosophy had to change .
Basically his main criticism of the Phenomenology of Perception is that it remains confined within a philosophy of consciousness , or a philosophy of mind paradigm .
He thinks that to a certain extent the Phenomenology of Perception remains Cartesian , in that it starts from the position of the reflecting philosopher in his or her ivory tower .
Merleau - Ponty suggests that this starting point presupposes a subject doing the reflection , and it hence has an element of humanism about it .
More importantly however , he suggests that this starting point also means that the problems he raises are largely insoluble , as he never quite gets away from a subject / object dichotomy .
If it is unclear what all of these references to a subject - object dichotomy mean , I am simply pointing out the tendency in Western philosophy to posit that which is seen within the field of vision as an object , whereas that which looks , or does the perceiving , is the subject .
Various versions of this type of thought have recurred throughout the tradition , and this partly explains the tendency that we have to think in terms of things in the world ( for example , empirical objects or facts ) , and the human capacity to reflect upon these brute things of the world , and hence transcend them .
We generally maintain a very distinct difference between ourselves and the objects of the world – say the seat upon which we sit – and it might be suggested that we are free , and they are determined , for instance .
Or even if one does not want to assert that human activity is predominantly reflective ( and usually this amounts to saying that it is free ) , philosophers and most of us generally , think in terms of the difference between the empirical fact of what we did , and our reason which transcends this behavior .
This object / consciousness distinction is a dualism .
In The Visible and the Invisible , Merleau - Ponty suggests that the Phenomenology of Perception was ultimately unsuccessful in getting beyond this dualistic way of thinking .
Of course , there is little doubt that Merleau - Ponty is a little bit harsh in regards to his retrospective accounts of his earlier philosophy , and is also simplifying matters if he wants us to believe that the Phenomenology of Perception does n’t significantly problematize this subject - object dichotomy , and any of philosophies other traditional dualisms .
What is clear however , is that The Visible and the Invisible does attempt to effect a transition from something like a phenomenology of consciousness ( which is basically just an analysis of how the objects we perceive present themselves to us ) , to a philosophy of Being .
Being is another of those words in philosophy that is frequently thrown around , but perhaps relatively rarely understood .
This is partly because it is not something that we can pin down or define , because it exceeds all of our resources for attempting to describe it .
Let us suggest , hesitatingly , that Being is that which allows existence to be possible at all , and Merleau - Ponty becomes increasingly concerned with such matters .
This move away from a subject - based philosophy also has some important consequences for the type of philosophy that he was interested in writing .
No longer is his work so strictly an analysis of phenomenological subjectivity , and this means that in some ways
The Visible and the Invisible is a little harder to get into than his earlier work .
It is not existential in the sense that the Phenomenology of Perception is .
This earlier text is typified by numerous phenomenological descriptions of our everyday activity and the situations that confront us , and his later work is more concerned with ontological matters .
Ontology just means the study of Being , of that which allows things to be at all , and it is this type of terrain that Merleau - Ponty moves into .
One could even suggest that The Visible and the Invisible gives the results of the Phenomenology of Perception their ontological significance .
In that sense , the subject influenced , and often psychological thinking of his earlier work , would be revealed as also presupposing an account of the structure of Being , which only later came to be elaborated .
It is apparent however , that his thought his changed to the extent that the notion of subjectivity , and its controlling place , is further diminished .
References to the body - subject are also conspicuously absent in his later philosophy , and he seems to have decided that such terminology is inadequate .
The consequences of this move away from a subjective orientation will become more apparent when we consider his ontology later in this essay .
Merleau - Ponty also makes one other important comment about the Phenomenology of Perception , and his reasons for writing a new ontology , which is worth exploring .
According to him , a major factor behind him setting out upon this different path , was the conviction that the tacit or pre-reflective cogito of his earlier philosophy is problematic ( VI 179 ) .
The pre-reflective cogito is basically just the idea that there is a cogito before language , or to put it crudely , that there is a self anterior to both language and thought that we can aim to get in closer contact with .
The notion of a pre-reflective cogito hence presumes the possibility of a consciousness without language , and it exhibits something of a nostalgic desire to return to some brute , primordial experience .
This is something that thinkers like Irigiray have criticized Merleau - Ponty for , and in The Visible and the Invisible he has come to share these type of concerns .
In his own words , he suggests that while this concept of the pre-reflective , or tacit cogito , can make understood how language is not impossible , it nevertheless cannot make understood how it is possible ( VI 179 ) .
While a logician might grimace at such a suggestion , Merleau - Ponty is certainly aware of this paradox , and seeks to explicate the problems that he associates with this concept of the tacit cogito .
He suggests that like all other philosophies of consciousness , his notion of the pre-reflective cogito depends upon the illusion of non-linguistic signification and The Visible and The Invisible attempts to call into question the very coherence of such a concept .
As he states in one of his “ Working Notes ” :
“ What I call the tacit cogito is impossible .
To have the idea of thinking ( in the sense of thought of seeing and thought of feeling ) , to make the phenomenological reduction to the things themselves , to return to immanence and to consciousness , it is necessary to have words .
It is by the combination of words that I form the transcendental attitude ” ( VI 171 ) .
He later goes on to speak of the “ mythology of self - consciousness to which the word consciousness refers ” , and contends that “ there are only differences between significations ” and language ( VI 171 ) .
According to Merleau - Ponty , the tacit cogito is therefore a product of language , and the language of the philosopher , in particular .
He continues to speak of a world of silence , but the concept of the pre-reflective cogito imports the language of the philosophy of consciousness into the equation , and hence misrepresents the relationship between vision and speech .
The famous phenomenological reduction to the things themselves , which tries to bracket out the outside world , is hence envisaged as a misplaced nostalgia rather than as a real possibility .
There is a sense in which Merleau - Ponty ’s giving up on the pre-reflective cogito also entails something like a giving up on phenomenology , despite the fact that embodiment is still a major factor in The Visible and the Invisible .
By way of clarification , it is worth noting that he still thinks that an analysis of the body is one of the best ways to avoid the subject - object dichotomy that he argues is typical of most philosophical thought .
At the same time however , his abandonment of the idea of a pre-reflective cogito , or consciousness before linguistic significance , at the very least serves to radicalize phenomenology .
It also means that language comes to play a far more important role in his philosophy than it previously had .
Indeed , Merleau - Ponty used both linguistics , and the language - based emphasis of structuralism to critique Sartre , among other of his contemporaries , who only accorded language a minimal role in their philosophies .
He was also friends with , and used the work of people like Jacques Lacan ( a psychoanalyst who suggested that the unconscious is structured like a language ) , Claude Levi-Strauss ( a structuralist anthropologist who dedicated his major work The Savage Mind to the memory of Merleau - Ponty ) , and also Ferdinand De Saussure ( a linguist who showed what a pivotal role differences play in language , and whose work has inspired many recent philosophers including Derrida ) .
Merleau - Ponty was hence very much involved in what is termed the linguistic turn , and one curious aspect of Merleau - Ponty ’s place within the philosophical tradition is that despite the enduring attention he accords to the problem of language , the work of thinkers such as those cited above , and others who have been inspired by them ( Derrida and Foucault for example ) , has been used to criticize him .
In an important way , he paradoxically laid the groundwork for his own denigration and unfashionability in French intellectual circles , and it is only in the last 15 years that it has been realized that his phenomenology took very seriously the claims of such thinkers , and even pre-empted some aspects of what has come to be termed ‘ postmodern ’ thought .
Levi-Strauss actually finds
The Visible and the Invisible to be a synthesis of structuralism with phenomenology , and he is not alone in this regard .
b. The Chiasm / Reversibility
Rather than maintaining a traditional dualism in which mind and body , subject and object , self and other , and so forth , are discrete and separate entities , in The Visible and the Invisible Merleau - Ponty argues that there is an important sense in which such pairs are also associated .
For example , he does not dispute that there is a divergence , or dehiscence , in our embodied situation that is evident in the difference that exists between touching and being touched , between looking and being looked at , or between the sentient and the sensible in his own vocabulary .
On the contrary , this divergence is considered to be a necessary and constitutive factor in allowing subjectivity to be possible at all .
However , he suggests that rather than involving a simple dualism , this divergence between touching and being touched , or between the sentient and the sensible , also allows for the possibility of overlapping and encroachment between these two terms .
For example , Merleau - Ponty has somewhat famously suggested that the experience of touching cannot be understood without reference to the tacit potential for this situation to be reversed .
As Thomas Busch points out , The Visible and the Invisible highlights that “ in the body ’s touching of itself is found a differentiation and an encroachment which is neither sheer identity nor non-identity ” ( MPHP 110 ) .
To substantiate this claim in adequate detail would take us too far afield of this essay ’s main concerns , but it is important to recognize that Merleau - Ponty ’s initial , and I think permissible presumption , is that we can never simultaneously touch our right hand while it is also touching an object of the world .
He suggests that “ either my right hand really passes over into the rank of the touched , but then its hold on the world is interrupted , or it retains its hold on the world , but then I do not really touch it ” ( VI 148 ) .
There is then , a gap ( or ecart in French ) between ourselves as touching and ourselves as touched , a divergence between the sentient and sensible aspects of our existence , but this gap is importantly distinct from merely reinstating yet another dualism .
Touching and touched are not simply separate orders of being in the world , since they are reversible , and this image of our left hand touching our right hand does more than merely represent the body ’s capacity to be both perceiving object and subject of perception in a constant oscillation ( as is arguably the case in Sartre ’s looked at , looked upon , dichotomy , as well as the master - slave oscillations that such a conception induces ) .
As Merleau - Ponty suggests :
“ I can identify the hand touched in the same one which will in a moment be touching …
In this bundle of bones and muscles which my right hand presents to my left , I can anticipate for an instant the incarnation of that other right hand , alive and mobile , which I thrust towards things in order to explore them .
The body tries … to touch itself while being touched and initiates a kind of reversible reflection ” ( PP 93 ) .
This suggests that the hand that we touch , while it is touching an inanimate object , is hence not merely another such ‘ object ’ , but another fleshy substance that is capable of reversing the present situation and being mobile and even aggressive .
Given that we cannot touch ourselves , or even somebody else , without this recognition of our own tangibility and capacity to be touched by others , it seems that the awareness of what it feels like to be touched encroaches , or even supervenes upon the experience of touching ( VI 147 ) .
Any absolute distinction between being in the world as touching , and being in the world as touched , deprives the existential phenomena of their true complexity .
Our embodied subjectivity is never located purely in either our tangibility or in our touching , but in the intertwining of these two aspects , or where the two lines of a chiasm intersect with one another .
The chiasm then , is simply an image to describe how this overlapping and encroachment can take place between a pair that nevertheless retains a divergence , in that touching and touched are obviously never exactly the same thing .
According to Merleau - Ponty , these observations also retain an applicability that extends well beyond the relationship that obtains between touching and being touched .
He contends that mind and body ( VI 247 , 259 ) , the perceptual faith and its articulation ( VI 93 ) , subject and object , self and world ( VI 123 ) , as well as many other related dualisms , are all associated chiasmically , and he terms this interdependence of these various different notions the flesh ( VI 248 - 51 ) .
The rather radical consequences of this intertwining become most obvious when Merleau - Ponty sets about describing the interactions of this embodied flesh .
At one stage in The Visible and the Invisible he suggests that the realization that the world is not simply an object :
“ does not mean that there was a fusion or coinciding of me with it : on the contrary , this occurs because a sort of dehiscence opens my body in two , and because between my body looked at and my body looking , my body touched and my body touching , there is overlapping or encroachment , so that we may say that the things pass into us , as well as we into the things ” ( VI 123 ) .
According to Merleau - Ponty then , this non-dualistic divergence between touching and being touched , which necessitates some form of encroachment between the two terms , also means that the world is capable of encroaching upon and altering us , just as we are capable of altering it .
Such an ontology rejects any absolute antinomy between self and world , as well as any notion of subjectivity that prioritizes a rational , autonomous individual , who is capable of imposing their choice upon a situation that is entirely external to them .
To put the problem in Sartrean terms , while it may sometimes prove efficacious to distinguish between transcendence and facticity [ a technical term of Martin Heidegger ’s that in Merleau - Ponty ’s usage refers to the sum of brute “ facts ” about us , including our social situation and our physical attributes , abilities and circumstances ] , or Being - for - itself and Being - in - itself , Merleau - Ponty thinks that such notions also overlap in such a way as to undermine any absolute difference between these two terms .
As a consequence , Sartre ’s conception of an absolute freedom in regards to a situation is also rendered untenable by the recognition of the ways in which self and world are chiasmically intertwined , though this is not to suggest that the world can be reduced to us .
Indeed , Merleau - Ponty explicitly asserts that precisely what is rarely considered is this paradoxical fact that though we are of the world , we are nevertheless not the world ( VI 127 ) , and in affirming the interdependence of humanity and the ‘ things ’ of the world in a way that permits neither fusion nor absolute distance , he advocates an embodied inherence of a different type .
c. The Other
Given that he rarely makes any distinction between the structure of our relations with others and the structure of our relations with the world , his descriptions also pertain directly to the problem of the other , which has come to be accorded of lot of attention in recent times under the auspices of what is frequently termed alterity .
Merleau - Ponty ’s chiasmic ontology ensures that in some sense the other is always already intertwined within the subject , and he explicitly suggests that self and non-self are but the obverse and reverse of each other ( VI 83 , 160 ) .
If I can present his position a little schematically , basically his later philosophy attempts to reinforce that self and other are also relationally constituted via their potential reversibility .
One example of this might be the way in which looking at another person – or even a painter looking at trees , according to one of Merleau - Ponty ’s more enigmatic examples – always also involves the tacit recognition that we too can be looked at .
However , rather than simply oscillating between these two modes of being – looker and looked upon , as Sartrean philosophy would have it – for Merleau - Ponty each experience is betrothed to the other in such a way that we are never simply a disembodied looker , or a transcendental consciousness .
Rather , the alterity of the other ’s look is always already involved in us , and rather than unduly exalting alterity by positing it as forever elusive , or as recognizable only as freedom that transcends my freedom , he instead affirms an interdependence of self and other that involves these categories overlapping and intertwining with one another , but without ever being reduced to each other .
One consequence of Merleau - Ponty ’s position is that questions regarding the otherness of the other are rendered something of an abstraction , at least if they attempt to conceive of that other without reference to the subjectivity with which it is always chiasmically intertwined .
As Dorothy Olkowski has suggested , “ if there is to be room in the world for others as others , there must be some connection between self and other that exceeds purely psychic life ” ( Olkowski 4 ) , and this is envisaged as an ontological necessity rather than an attempt to propound a thesis that restores us to the primordial affection that we have for the other .
For Merleau - Ponty , a responsible treatment of alterity consists in recognizing that alterity is always already intertwined within subjectivity , rather than by obscuring this fact by projecting a self - present individual who is confronted by an alterity that is essentially inaccessible and beyond comprehension .
Far from merely being a negative thing , the alterity of the other is too complicated to simply be posited as that which will forever elude us , and such a description ignores the important ways in which self and other are partially intertwined .
In The Visible and the Invisible then , there is a tacit claim regarding what a responsible treatment of the alterity of the other consists in , even if Merleau - Ponty rarely considers notions like responsibility in any explicit fashion .
His final ontology wants to insist that alterity is something that can only be appreciated in being encountered , and in a recognition of the fact that there can be no absolute alterity .
If absolute alterity is but a synonym of death , and inconceivable to humanity , then what needs to be considered , according to Merleau - Ponty , is the paradoxical way in which self and other are intertwined , and yet also , and at the same time , divergent .
Indeed , Merleau - Ponty is also careful not to fall prey to what has been termed , sometimes disparagingly , the horizonality of phenomenology .
He devotes an entire chapter titled “ Interrogation and Intuition ” to distancing himself from this tendency of phenomenology – which he traces to Hegel , Husserl and Bergson – to subsume all else under the concept of context and background .
Engendering a coincidence between self and world ( or self and other ) , is just as antithetical to his philosophical purposes as advocating a vast abyssal difference , and Merleau - Ponty asserts that when we are overly sure of the other , just as when we are overly unsure of the other , an inadequate apprehension of human relations beckons .
For Merleau - Ponty , alterity is that which cannot be reduced to the logic of an either / or , as he does n’t want to espouse a Sartrean version of human relations where the other can never really be understood , and yet nor does his philosophy reductively ignore this alterity .
He suggests that : “ this infinite distance , this absolute proximity express in two ways – as a soaring over or as fusion – the same relationship with the thing itself .
They are two positivisms … ” ( VI 127 ) , indeed , neither of which he wants to associate with his new ontology .
In an attempt to avoid this dualistic tendency to conceive of the other as either beyond the comprehension of a subject , or as domesticated by the subject and their horizons of significance , The Visible and the Invisible emphasizes that the other is always already encroaching upon us , though they are not reducible to us , and for Merleau - Ponty , the risk of this overlapping with the other can and should always be there ( VI 123 ) .
His philosophy consistently alludes to the manner in which this encroachment is not simply a bad thing .
For Merleau - Ponty , interacting with and influencing the other ( even contributing to permanently changing them ) , does not necessarily constitute a denial of their alterity .
On the contrary , if done properly it in fact attests to it , because we are open to the possibility of being influenced and changed by the difference that they bring to bear upon our interaction with them .
This is the ethics that his ontology of the flesh tacitly presupposes , and it is a position that is importantly different from those proposed by more recent philosophers , including Sartre , Levinas and Derrida respectively .
Before themes like the death of philosophy , and the non-space of philosophy began to dominate the philosophical landscape , Merleau - Ponty had already begun to articulate a similar problem , though arguably without sharing quite the same nihilistic consequences that some more recent proponents of a similar position have found themselves implicated in .
Harboring a deep distrust of the philosophy of reflection , Merleau - Ponty sought to ensure that reflection was not unduly exalted in the Phenomenology of Perception , and The Visible and the Invisible reaffirms this contention , albeit in slightly different terms , through his espoused methodology of “ hyper - reflection , ” which is also synonymously referred to as a “ hyper- dialectic . ”
There are several aspects of this notion that require delineation , but the most obvious of these pertains to the role of philosophy , and precisely what he thinks it can accomplish .
At one stage in The Visible and the Invisible , Merleau - Ponty rather controversially claims that in the philosopher ’s descriptions of the sensible world , “ there is no longer identity between the lived experience and the principle of non-contradiction ” ( VI 87 ) .
Merleau - Ponty ’s apparent disavowal of the law of non-contradiction requires further consideration , as it challenges one of the most fundamental principles of Western philosophy since Aristotle .
In explaining his rejection of this principle , he suggests that :
“ The situation of the philosopher who speaks as distinct from what he speaks of , insofar as that situation affects what he says with a certain latent content which is not its manifest content … implies a divergence between the essences he fixes and the lived experience to which they are applied , between the operation of living the world and the entities and negentities in which he expresses it ” ( VI 87 ) .
For Merleau - Ponty then , lived experience may partake in contradiction on account of a residue of this difference between the act of speaking and what is spoken of , as well as a correlative divergence between a latent content and a manifest content .
This divergence that he theorizes hints at a predicament that seems closely related to what Jacques Derrida has more recently insisted upon in his strategy of deconstruction , in that both philosophers point towards the inevitability of a philosophical expression containing contrary elements within it .
While Derrida has also implicitly entertained the possibility that the law of non-contradiction might be false , in suggesting that their may instead be a law of impurity or “ a principle of contamination ” , it is important to ascertain that their are some surprising similarities between Merleau - Ponty and Derrida ’s descriptions of the necessarily double nature of a philosophy that can never recapture the pre-reflective faith , or coincide with itself in a moment of self - presence .
This strange proximity between deconstruction and Merleau - Ponty ’s own methodology cannot be explored in any detail in this essay , but Jean - Francois Lyotard and Rodolphe Gasche are two important ‘ continental ’ thinkers to have recognized the manner in which Merleau - Ponty ’s notion of a hyper - reflection pre-empted aspects of deconstruction .
Of course , unlike Derrida , Merleau - Ponty ’s critique of reflection , and his subsequent call for a hyper - reflection , quite obviously locates itself primarily in an analysis of the body where he discerns a necessary and constitutive divergence within the embodied situation .
As we have seen , this ecart is variously described as the difference between the sentient and the sensible , the tangible and the touched , and for Merleau - Ponty , it also applies to several other divergences , including one between the perceptual faith and its articulation ( VI 87 ) .
Once again , this concept is most easily demonstrated through an example that we have previously contemplated – that is , an individual ’s left hand touching their right hand , while their right hand is also simultaneously touching another object .
Of this situation , Merleau - Ponty suggests that :
“ If my left hand is touching my right hand , and if I wish to suddenly apprehend with my right hand the work of my left hand as it touches , this reflection of the body upon itself always miscarries at the last moment : the moment I feel my left hand with my right hand , I correspondingly cease touching my right hand with my left hand ” ( VI 9 , cf to PP 108 ) .
According to Merleau - Ponty , there is hence a fundamental divergence within the body , but just as this gap ensures the impossibility of any thorough and all - encompassing self - perception , it is also that which allows perception , and indeed subjectivity , to be possible at all .
It is important to ascertain that if our embodied divergence inaugurates our capacity for perception ( as well as language and reflection ) , this same divergence also ensures that there are certain limits upon this capacity .
Just as we cannot reflexively attain to a self - identity with the hand that we are touching , for Merleau - Ponty the philosophy of reflection cannot entirely overcome similar divergences ( VI 38 ) .
In his critique of Hegel , Sartre and others , Merleau - Ponty insists that “ reflection recuperates everything except itself as an effort of recuperation , it clarifies everything except its own role ” ( VI 33 ) .
There is a temporal divergence that precludes the attempted recovery of meaning via reflection from coinciding with that which it attempts to demarcate .
The task of hyper - reflection then , is to ensure that reflection is always aware of its own finitude .
It is hence somewhat removed from philosophical reflection itself , and resides in what several theorists have referred to as the non-space of philosophy .
The proximity of such sentiments to Derrida has been widely recognized ( and also occasionally contested ) , but what is irrefutable is that Merleau - Ponty is concerned with the tendency of the metaphysical tradition to exalt self - presence , as well as the rationalism that this usually entails .
While traditional reflective thought is inevitable and indeed indispensable , the idea of philosophy being able to mirror or transcend nature is disparaged ( VI 99 ) .
Philosophy and other reflective pursuits cannot recuperate the pre-reflective faith or rediscover some pure immediacy ( VI 35 , 99 ) .
On the contrary , he claims that :
“ What we propose here , and oppose to the search for the essence , is not the return to the immediate , the coincidence , the effective fusion with the existent , the search for an original integrity , for a secret lost and to be rediscovered , which would nullify our questions and even reprehend language .
If coincidence is lost , this is no accident ; if Being is hidden , this is itself a characteristic of Being and no disclosure will make us comprehend it ” ( VI 121 - 2 ) .
Of course , this is a rather negative characterization of what hyper - reflection involves , and it is worth digressing to consider more precisely what it is that Merleau - Ponty wants his philosophy to achieve .
According to him :
“ What we call hyper - dialectic is a thought that , on the contrary , is capable of reaching truth because it envisages without restriction the plurality of the relationships and what has been called ambiguity .
The bad dialectic is that which thinks it recomposes being by a thetic thought , by an assemblage of statements , by thesis , antithesis , and synthesis ; the good dialectic is that which is conscious of the fact that every thesis is an idealization , that Being is not made up of idealizations or of things said … but of bound wholes where signification never is except in tendency ” ( VI 94 ) .
While this passage reaffirms the enduring role of ambiguity in his philosophy , Merleau - Ponty ’s hyper - dialectic is also described as acknowledging that not only is every thesis an idealisation , but that Being cannot be ascertained through such idealisations .
He also goes on to suggest that such a dialectical thought :
“ Abounds in the sensible world , but on condition that the sensible world has been divested of all that the ontologies have added to it .
One of the tasks of the dialectic , as a situational thought , a thought in contact with being , is to shake off the false evidences , to denounce the significations cut off from the experience of being , emptied – and to criticize itself in the measure that it itself becomes one of them ” ( VI 92 ) .
Merleau - Ponty ’s hyper - dialectic is envisaged as being a situational thought that must criticize all thinking that ignores the conditional nature of idealizations , and it must also maintain a vigilance to ensure that it does not itself become one of them .
This is why Merleau - Ponty describes his project as propounding an ‘ indirect ’ ontology , rather than a direct ontology ( VI 179 ) .
Undoubtedly these themes are deserving of more prolonged attention , but there seems to be a significant and underestimated connection between what Merleau - Ponty ’s hyper - reflection seeks to achieve , and what Derrida ’s deconstructive methodology has more recently attempted .
Without digressing unduly in this regard , his work retains a relevance to contemporary European philosophy , and not least because many theorists are convinced that he is a valuable resource who does n’t quite succumb to the excesses of his successors on the French scene .
4. References and Further Reading
a. Writings
Adventures of the Dialectic , trans .
Bien , Evanston : Northwestern University Press , 1973 .
The Essential Writings of Merleau - Ponty , ed. Fisher , New York : Harcourt , 1969 ( referred to as EW in main text ) .
Humanism and Terror : An Essay on the Communist Problem , trans .
O’Neill , Boston : Beacon Press , 1969 .
Phenomenology of Perception , trans .
Smith , London : Routledge and Kegan Paul , 1962 ( PP in text ) .
The Primacy of Perception : and Other Essays on Phenomenology , Psychology , the Philosophy of Art , History and Politics , ed. Edie , Evanston : Northwestern University Press , 1964 ( PrP in text ) .
Prose of the World , trans .
O’Neill , Evanston : Northwestern University Press , 1969 .
Sense and Nonsense , trans .
Dreyfus & Dreyfus , Evanston : Northwestern University Press , 1964 ( SNS in text ) .
Signs , trans .
McCleary , Evanston : Northwestern University Press , 1964 ( S in text ) .
The Structure of Behavior , trans .
Fischer , London : Metheun , 1965 ( SB in text ) .
The Visible and the Invisible , trans .
Lingis , Evanston : Northwestern University Press , 1968 ( VI in text ) .
b. Some Commentaries and Collections of Essays
Barral , M. , Merleau - Ponty : The Role of the Body - Subject in Interpersonal Relations , Pittsburgh : Duquesne University Press , 1965 ( Barral in text ) .
Busch , T. , and Gallagher , S. , ( eds ) Merleau - Ponty , Hermeneutics and Postmodernism , Albany : State University of New York Press , 1992 ( MPHP in text ) .
Crossley , N. , The Politics of Subjectivity : Between Foucault and Merleau - Ponty , Aldershot , England : Brookfield USA , Avebury Series in Philosophy , 1994 ( Crossley in text ) .
Dillon , M. , Merleau - Ponty ’s Ontology , Bloomington : Indiana University Press , 1988 .
Dillon , M. , ( ed ) Ecart and Differance : Merleau - Ponty and Derrida on Seeing and Writing , New Jersey : Humanities Press , 1997 .
Evans , F and Lawlor , L. , ( eds ) Chiasms : Merleau - Ponty ’s Notion of Flesh , Albany : State University of New York Press , Suny Series in Contemporary Continental Philosophy , 2000 .
Langer , M. , Merleau - Ponty ’s Phenomenology of Perception , Hampshire : MacMillan Press , 1989 .
Madison , G. , The Phenomenology of Merleau - Ponty : A Search for the Limits of Consciousness , Athens : Ohio University Press , 1981 .
Olkowski , D. , and Morley , J. , ( eds ) Merleau - Ponty , Interiority and Exteriority , Psychic Life and the World , Albany : State University of New York Press , 1999 ( Olkowski in text ) .
Priest , S. , Merleau - Ponty , London : Routledge , 1998 .
Schmidt , J. , Maurice Merleau - Ponty : Between Phenomenology and Structuralism , New York : St Martin ’s Press , 1985 .
Author Information
Jack Reynolds
Email : Jack.Reynolds@latrobe.edu.au
La Trobe University
Australia
提供 : MacWiki
UNIX ターミナルで利用できるコマンドのうち 、Mac OS Xに固有のものを紹介します。 （⇒UNIX 入門に戻る）
調べるには ，
$ zgrep -l " Mac OS X " /usr / share / man/man1 / *
コマンド/テンプレート に倣って、徐々に分割していきます。（find:コマンド/）
defaults … ユーザーデフォルトシステムへのアクセスを提供する [ 編集 ]
defaults [- currentHost | - host hostname ] sub - command [ parameters ] sub - command = read | read - type | write | rename | delete | ...
アプリケーションの初期設定を操作するコマンド。アプリケーション自身の初期設定パネルからアクセスできない変更も可能にします。
（例）ダッシュボードを起動しないようにする（NO を YES に変えると復活） ：
defaults write com.apple.dashboard mcx -disabled - boolean NO killall Dock
defaults read [ domain [ key ] ] [ 編集 ]
defaults write domain {plist | key value} [ 編集 ]
（未完成 ）
（例 ）Safari において PDF ファイルをウィンドウ内表示させる ：
defaults write com.apple .Safari WebKitOmitPDFSupport - bool YES
（例）スクロールバーの矢印 ( スクロールアロー ) を双方向にして両端におく （DoubleBoth の代わりに Single ，DoubleMin，DoubleMax ( あるい はDouble ) が指定できる） ：
defaults write " Apple Global Domain " AppleScrollBarVariant DoubleBoth
open … ファイルやフォルダを開く [ 編集 ]
→ コマンド/openを参照してください。
osascript … AppleScript を実行する [ 編集 ]
→ コマンド / osascript を参照して下さい 。
OS のバージョン ：Mac OS X 10.0 （Cheetah）以降
場所：/usr/bin/osascript
http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/osascript.1.html
pbcopy , pbpaste … コピーとペーストをコマンドから [ 編集 ]
使用例 [ 編集 ]
コマンドの標準出力を文字コードUTF-8へ変換しクリップボードに入れる。また同時にターミナル上にもそれを表示する。
コマンド | nkf -w | pbcopy コマンド | nkf -w | tee / dev/ stderr | tr -d '
' | pbcopy
クリップボードの内容をファイルに保存する。クリップボードのテキスト内容を改行コードLFへ変更したものを，コマンド等の標準入力へ渡す。または一時ファイルに保存する。
pbpaste > ファイル pbpaste | nkf - Lu | コマンド - pbpaste | nkf - Lu > `mktemp -t temp|tee / dev/stderr`
しばしば使うならばシェルスクリプト化しても良い。
#!/bin/sh TMPFILE=`mktemp -t temp` echo \$ {TMPDIR}`basename $ TMPFILE` pbpaste | nkf - Lu > $ TMPFILE
plutil … プロパティリスト ファイルの検証と変換 [ 編集 ]
OSのバージョン ：Mac OS X 10.2 （Jaguar）以降
場所：/usr/bin/plutil
http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/plutil.1.html
plutil - help plutil [ - lint ] [ - s ] file ... plutil - convert format [ - o outfile ] [ - e extension ] file ...
plutil はプロパティリスト形式のファイルの文法検証とフォーマット変換を行うユーティリティである。
- lint オプションは、指定したファイルの文法チェックを行う。これはデフォルトの動作で、オプションが指定されなかった場合も同じ動作になる。-s オプションを同時に指定すると、成功した場合は何も出力しない。
- convert オプションは直後にフォーマットを指定して、.plist ファイルのフォーマットを変換する。現在、以下のフォーマットを指定可能。
xml1 -- XML プロパティリスト バージョン 1
-- XML プロパティリスト バージョン 1 binary1 -- バイナリプロパティリスト バージョン 1
-- バイナリプロパティリスト バージョン 1 json -- JSON
他にオプションを指定しない場合、元のファイルは変換後のファイルで置き換えられる。
-o オプションを指定すると、outfile に変換後のファイルを書き出す。これは 1 ファイルだけ変換する際に有効。もし複数のファイルを指定した場合は、outfile の中身は最後に変換したファイルになる 。
-e オプションを指定すると、. plist の代わりに指定した拡張子で変換後のファイルを書き出す。
-p オプションは、人が読みとれる形式で標準出力へ表示する。
例：myconfig.plist を文法チェック
plutil - lint myconfig.
plist
例：myconfig.plist をバイナリフォーマットに変換
plutil - convert myconfig.plist
例：バイナリフォーマット・XML（テキスト）フォーマットに変換し標準出力する
plutil - convert xml1 -o - some_binary.plist > some_xml.plist plutil - convert binary 1 -o - some_xml.plist > some_binary .
plist
say … 英語を発音する [ 編集 ]
→ コマンド / say を参照して下さい 。
screencapture … スクリーンキャプチャ [ 編集 ]
Mac OS X は Cmd +
Shift + 3 、Cmd + Shift + 4 でスクリーンキャプチャが行えますが、コマンドラインツールを使うと保存場所を決める等小回りがききます。デフォルトのフォーマットは
10.3 以前は PDF でしたが 、10.4 から PNG になりました 。
screencapture [ - SWcimswx ] [ - t < format > ] < file >
- i : 対話式モード。
: 対話式モード。 - W : （- i と併用）ウィンドウキャプチャモード。
: （-i と併用）ウィンドウキャプチャモード。
- S : （- iW と併用）ウィンドウ範囲のスクリーンキャプチャモード。上に重なっているウィンドウが重なってキャプチャされます。
: （-iW と併用）ウィンドウ範囲のスクリーンキャプチャモード。上に重なっているウィンドウが重なってキャプチャされます。 -c : ファイルに保存せず、クリップボードに保存する。<file> 指定は無視されます。
: ファイルに保存せず、クリップボードに保存する。<file>
指定は無視されます。 - C : カーソルもキャプチャする。-i スイッチとは併用できません。
以下のオプションは 10.4 以降対応です。
- t < format > : ファイルフォーマット。-t と < format > の間に空白をおいてはいけません。
例：
画面全体をクリップボードにコピーする。
screencapture -c
選択範囲をクリップボードにコピーする。
screencapture -ic
マウスで選択したウィンドウを captue.png として保存する（10.3以前は .pdf に読みかえてください）。
screencapture - iW capture.png # sleep している間に目的のウィンドウをアクティブにできます。 sleep 2 && screencapture - iW capture.
png
sips … 画像の操作とフォーマット変換 [ 編集 ]
→ コマンド/softwareupdate を参照して下さい。
OS のバージョン ：Mac OS X 10.0 （Cheetah）以降
場所：/usr/sbin/softwareupdate
http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man8/softwareupdate.8.html
textutil … テキストファイル形式を変換 [ 編集 ]
OS のバージョン ：Mac OS X 10.4 （Tiger）以降
場所：/usr/bin/textutil
http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/textutil.1.html
対応形式 （Mac OS X 10.6 における）
リッチテキスト txt , html , rtf , rtfd , doc , docx , wordml , odt , or webarchive
（例）リッチテキストファイルからHTMLファイルを作成する
$ textutil - convert html origfile.rtf
以下のコマンドは標準では Mac OS
X にはインストールされておらず 、Xcode などの Apple 製開発ツールをインストールすると / Developer / Tools にインストールされる。常用するなら / Developer / Tools にパスを通しておくとよい。（参考：パスを通す ）
コマンド cp では Classic MacOS のファイルが持つリソースフォークなどの情報はコピーされない。
Mac OS
X の登場後、リソースフォークをサポートするアプリケーションは次第に減りつつあるが、まだまだリソースフォークを保持したままファイルをコピーしたい場面は多い。そのような場合、CpMac コマンドを用いてリソースフォークを保持したままファイルをコピーすることができる。cp コマンドに比べて利用できるオプションの数はだいぶ少ないが、ほぼ cp と同様の使い方ができる。すなわち 、
CpMac FILE TARGET
とすることで 、TARGET が既存のディレクトリだった場合には FILE を TARGET ディレクトリにコピーし 、TARGET が存在しないパス名だった場合には、これが新しいファイル名と見なされ、その名前で
FILE の複製が作られる。 - p オプションを指定すると，ファイルの修正日やアクセス権などの情報もそのままコピーされる．また、
CpMac -r DIRECTORY TARGET
とすることで 、DIRECTORY
以下のファイルが、サブディレクトリも含めて
TARGET ディレクトリにコピーされる。
ちなみに、リソースフォークなどを保持したままファイルをコピーしたければ、ほかに ditto コマンドを利用することもできる。
なお 、Mac OS X 10.4 ( Tiger ) では cp コマンドがリソースフォークに対応したので、CpMac コマンドは必要なくなった ( コマンド自体は Xcode 2.0 をインストールすれば / Developer / Tools にインストールされる ) 。CpMac のオンラインヘルプによれば、将来的にはこのコマンドは廃止される予定である。
［質問］逆に（？ ）Tiger の cp、mv 等にリソースフォークを無視する（分離・削除する）オプションは用意されているでしょうか？
man cp しても通常の BSD の cp コマンドのマニュアルしか出てこないので、どうもそのようなオプションはないような気がします。もう少し調べてみますが……
ありがとうございます。いちいち SplitForks を使わなければならないのであれば
Tiger への移行は見送ります。周りがみんな Mac ユーザならうれしい変更なのですが.....。
まだちゃんと調べていませんが，自分で cp や mv をビルドして / usr / local / bin にでも入れておけばよいかもしれませんね．Tiger は起動や最適化 ，Finder の動作などが速くなった ( たとえばコマンドでのファイル操作の結果が即時に反映されます)
のがよいと感じています．比較的低速なマシンを使っている身にはありがたいです．
Tiger では、ditto コマンドで - norsrc オプションを使えば、リソースフォークおよび HFS メタデータは無視されてコピーされます 。
リソースフォークに対応していないファイルシステム( HFSやHFS+以外)にファイルを移動またはコピーすると、リソースフォークが分離し別名で保存されます。
UNIX の標準的な mv コマンドでは、ファイルの移動の際に Classic MacOS のファイルが持つリソースフォークなどの情報は保存されない。そうした情報を持ったままファイルを移動したいときには
MvMac コマンドを使うとよい 。
MvMac FILE DIRECTORY
とすることで 、FILE が DIRECTORY 下に移動される 。DIRECTORY が存在しないパス名だった場合には 、MvMac コマンドはこれをファイル名と見なし、FILE が DIRECTORY にリネームされる 。FILE は複数指定することもできる。この場合、DIRECTORY が存在しないパス名だったときには、DIRECTORY
というディレクトリが新たに作成され、その下に指定したファイルが全て移動される。
なお、mv コマンドと異なり 、MvMac にはオプションを指定できない。また、指定したファイルのあるボリュームと異なるボリュームにファイルを移動することはできない。
Mac OS X 10.4 ( Tiger ) では mv コマンドがリソースフォークに対応したので 、MvMac コマンドは必要なくなった ( コマンド自体は Xcode 2.0 をインストールすれば / Developer / Tools にインストールされる ) 。将来的にはこのコマンドは廃止される予定である。
GetFileInfo FILE
SetFile [ - a attributes ] [ - c creator ] [ - d date ] [ - m date ] [ - t type ] FILE
SetFile はファイルタイプやクリエータなどのファイル属性を設定する。ただし、このコマンドで属性を設定できるのは
HFS + ディレクトリにあるファイルに限られる。FILE
は複数指定することも可能。
オプションには、次のようなものがある。
- a attributes [ 編集 ]
ファイルの属性を設定する。文字列 attributes は以下に示すローマンアルファベットからなる文字列（長さはいくつでもよい）で、大文字と小文字が区別される。attributes 内の文字列それぞれがファイル属性に対応しており、大文字の場合にはその属性のビットがオン（1）に、小文字の場合にはオフ（0）になる。
a エイリアス（シンボリックリンクではない）である b バンドルである c カスタムアイコンを持つ（フォルダにも適用可） d デスクトップにある（フォルダにも適用可） e 拡張子が非表示（フォルダにも適用可） i ファインダーがウィンドウ内の位置を記憶している（フォルダにも適用可） l ロックされている m 複数回起動が可能なアプリケーションである n INIT リソースを持たない s システムファイルである（名称変更不可） t v ファインダー上で不可視である（フォルダにも適用可 ）
-c creator [ 編集 ]
ファイルのクリエータを creator に設定する。 クリエータとは Classic MacOS でファイルとそれを作成したアプリケーションを関連させるために用いられていた情報で、英数字または空白4文字からなる文字列で指定される。クリエータが空白を含む場合には必ず引用符で creator を囲む必要がある 。
ファイルの作成日を設定する。date の書式は mm/dd/[yy]yy [ hh : mm:[ss ] [ AM | PM ] ] となる。date が空白を含む場合には引用符で囲まなければならない。
ファイルの修正日を設定する。date の書式は -d オプションと同じ 。
-t type [ 編集 ]
ファイルタイプを設定する。ファイルタイプとは
Classic MacOS でファイルの種類を示すために用いられていた情報で、クリエータと同様に必ず4文字の英数字または空白からなる。ファイルタイプが空白を含む場合には、やはり引用符で囲む必要がある。
むか〜し作った Maple ( v.6 ) ワークシートを開くためわざわざ
Classic 環境をインストールして、いざ開こうとしたら開けず.....。初めて上記コマンドのお世話になりました。
hdiutil , hdid , ditto の使い方 [ 編集 ]
次のページで詳しく解説されています。
ディレクトリをもと に( Windowsでも見られる) hybridなisoイメージを作成するには
hdiutil makehybrid -o hogehoge.iso / Path / To / Directory
isoイメージ をCDなどに焼くには
hdiutil burn foobar.iso
RAM ディスクを作るには（下記例 は" ramdisk " というボリューム名。サイズ指定は512バイト単位。）：
$ diskutil erasevolume HFS + " ramdisk " `hdiutil attach - nomount ram://131072 ` Started erase on disk6 Unmounting disk Erasing Initialized / dev/rdisk6 as a 64 MB HFS Plus volume Mounting disk Finished erase on disk6 ramdisk $ ls - la / Volumes / ramdisk
ditto … ファイルのコピーやアーカイブの作成・展開 [ 編集 ]
OS のバージョン ：Mac OS X 10.0 （Cheetah）以降
場所：/usr/bin/ditto
http://developer.apple.com/mac/library/documentation/Darwin/Reference/ManPages/man1/ditto.1.html
（例）srcfolderフォルダをZIP圧縮したarchive.zipファイルを作成
$ ditto -ck --sequesterRsrc --keepParent srcfolder archive.zip
（例）archive.zipファイルをdstfolderフォルダ内に展開する（dstfolderフォルダがカレントディレクトリになければ自動的に作成）
$ ditto - xk --sequesterRsrc archive.zip dstfolder
security --- キーチェーンと Security.framework に対するコマンドラインインターフェイス [ 編集 ]
security [ - hilqv ] [ - p prompt ] [ command ] [ command_options ] [ command_args ] command = help | list - keychains | default - keychain | login - keychain | create - keychain | delete - keychain | lock - keychain | unlock - keychain | set - keychain - settings | show - keychain - info | dump - keychain | create - keypair | add - internet - password | add- certificates | find - internet - password | find - certificate | create - db | import | export | install - mds | leaks
すべての command に共通のオプション -h ：指定された command の使い方を表示する 。
指定されたキーチェーン（ keychain ）に対し、与えられた条件に合致するインターネットパスワード項目を検索し、内容を出力する。
keychain が省略された場合、登録されているすべてのキーチェーン（ユーティリティフォルダのキーチェーンアクセス.app
で見ることができる）に対し検索が行われる。
が省略された場合、登録されているすべてのキーチェーン（ユーティリティフォルダのキーチェーンアクセス.app
で見ることができる）に対し検索が行われる。 '- g ' オプションを与えるとパスワードも出力されるが出力先は標準エラー出力になることに注意。また、この場合、キーチェーンがロックされていたり、あるいは当該インターネットパスワード項目のアクセス制御設定に依存して、利用者に対しキーチェーンのパスワードの入力を促すダイアログや、確認ダイアログが表示される。
srm --- セキュアなファイル／ディレクトリ消去 [ 編集 ]
場所：/usr/bin/srm
このコマンドは厳密に はMac OS X固有ではない。ソースコード は
http://srm.sourceforge.net/
でメンテナンスされており、FreeBSD等各種UN*X系のシステムで動作する模様。
srm はファイルを unlink する前に上書き、移動、切り捨てを行うことによって他のユーザーが消したファイルを復活させたり、ファイルに関する情報を取得することを予防する。
rm と同様に権限のないファイルやディレクトリを消去することはできない。
srm [ - dfirsmznv ] [ - - help ] [ -- version ] FILE ...
rm と同じようなオプションを備えており、-d , -f , -i , -r , -R , -v について同じように動作する。このうち、 -d は rm との互換のためだけに残っており、指定しても無視される。つまり、-d を指定しなくてもディレクトリを削除できる 。
その他のオプションは以下。
-s , -- simple : 対象のファイルをランダムなデータで上書きしてから消去する。
, : 対象のファイルをランダムなデータで上書きしてから消去する。
-m , -- medium : 対象のファイルを US DoD（アメリカ国防総省）規格に準拠した方式で7回上書きしてから消去する。（0xF6 , 0x00 , 0xFF , random , 0x00 , 0xFF , random の順で上書きする） 。
, : 対象のファイルを US DoD（アメリカ国防総省）規格に準拠した方式で7回上書きしてから消去する。（0xF6 , 0x00 , 0xFF , random , 0x00 , 0xFF , random の順で上書きする） 。 -z , -- zero : 上書き後にファイルのブロックサイズをゼロにする。
, : 上書き後にファイルのブロックサイズをゼロにする。
-n , -- nounlink : ファイルを上書きするが、移動、削除は行わない。
, : ファイルを上書きするが、移動、削除は行わない。
--help : ヘルプメッセージを出力し、終了する。
: ヘルプメッセージを出力し、終了する。 --version : バージョン情報を出力し、終了する。
-s オプションは -m オプションに優先する。どちらのオプションも指定しなかった場合は、（simple , medium に対し）最高が指定されたとみな し
、Gutmannアルゴリズムによって35回上書きしてから消去する。
Finderにある 「 確実にゴミ箱を空にする」はsrmを利用している。
open -x11 --- X11でプログラムを実行する [ 編集 ]
pstopdf --- PostScript ファイルを PDF ファイルに変換する [ 編集 ]
場所：/usr/bin/pstopdf
pstopdf [ infile ] [ - o outfile ] [ - lpi ]
pstopdf は infile で指定した PostScript ファイルを PDF に変換し、 -o で指定したファイルか、infile の拡張子を .pdf に変換したファイルとして保存する 。
-l : ログは通常標準出力に出力されるが、 -l を指定すると、ログを出力ファイル名の後ろに .log をつけたファイルに保存する。
: ログは通常標準出力に出力されるが、 を指定すると、ログを出力ファイル名の後ろに .log をつけたファイルに保存する。 -p : 1 ページ変換する度に標準出力に情報を表示する。
: 1 ページ変換する度に標準出力に情報を表示する。 - i : 標準入力を入力ファイルとして指定する。
例：sample .ps を sample .pdf に変換す る
pstopdf sample .ps
例：標準入力から受けとった PostScript データを sample .pdf に変換して保存し、ログを sample.pdf.log に保存する。
cat sample .ps | pstopdf - i -o sample.pdf
Ghostscript には ps2pdf という同種のツールが付いてくる 。Ghostscript によってレンダリングがおこなわれる点が異なる。
→ NetInfo を参照 。
mdfind -- Spotlight のコマンド版 [ 編集 ]
OS のバージョン : Tiger 以降
場所：/usr/bin/mdfind
mdfind [ - live ] [ - onlyin directory ] query
mdfind は query の内容を Spotlight エンジンを用いて検索し、結果内容を含むファイルの一覧を表示します。
- live オプションは検索結果やマッチした件数をリアルタイムに更新するようです。
- onlyin オプションは検索対象となるディレクトリをしぼる場合に使います。
query の例。内容もしくはファイル名に文字列を含むファイルを検索。この例では複数の文字列を含むファイルを検索するために 「 " 」で括りスペース区切り。
$ mdfind " MacOSX10.5 Leopard "
Query Expression Syntax [ 編集 ]
queryの表現式。詳細説明は、http://developer.apple.com/documentation/Carbon/Conceptual/SpotlightQuery/Concepts/QueryFormat.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40001849
例 ：" apple " で始まるファイル名を探索（case insensitive指定 " c " 付きで ）
$ mdfind ' kMDItemDisplayName == " apple * " c ' $ mdfind - 0 ' kMDItemDisplayName == " apple * " c ' |xargs - 0 basename
例 ：" apple " で始まり " . txt " で終わるファイル名の探索もできる（Mac OS X 10.8.5 で確認）。
$ mdfind ' kMDItemDisplayName == " apple*.txt " '
例：内容もしくはファイル名に " 日本 " を文字列として含み、種類が " 書類" もしく は" document " のファイルを探 索
$ mdfind " ( kMDItemTextContent == '*日本*' || kMDItemDisplayName == '* 日本*') && ( kMDItemKind == '* 書類' || kMDItemKind == '* document ' ) "
launchctl -- daemonやagentを管理する [ 編集 ]
→ コマンド / launchctl を参照して下さい 。
convert -- 画像ファイル形式を変換 [ 編集 ]
/ System / Library / Printers / Libraries / convert
入力形式
jpeg , giff , pict , tiff , pdf , text など
出力形式の指 定
-j " application / pdf " （デフォルト ）
-j " application / postscript " （epsのこと？ ）
afconvert -- 音声ファイル形式を変換 [ 編集 ]
/usr/bin/afconvert
sw_vers -- Mac OS Xのバージョンを表示 [ 編集 ]
$ sw_vers ProductName : Mac OS X ProductVersion : 10.5.8 BuildVersion : 9L31a $ strings `which sw_vers` $ uname -a
pkgutil -- pkg 形式のパッケージ管理を管理 [ 編集 ]
Snow Leopard から新設 。
pbs -- ペーストボードサーバ [ 編集 ]
/ System/ Library /CoreServices /pbs
実行すると、ペーストボードサーバが再起動される。サービスメニューの作り直し等の初期化も行われる。
$ /System / Library / CoreServices / pbs
No languages specified - assuming English . : :
参照：「 Snow Leopard で 「 消えないサービスメニューの怪」を解決する」http://builder.japan.zdnet.com/os-admin/sp_snow-leopard-09/20415329/
PlistBuddy [ 編集 ]
/usr/libexec/PlistBuddy
Property Listに関するコマンド
アプリケーション（Xcodeなど）のバージョンを表示する例
% /usr/libexec/PlistBuddy -c ' Print CFBundleShortVersionString ' / Developer / Platforms/iPhoneSimulator.platform/Developer/Applications/iPhone\
Simulator.app/Contents/Info.plist % /usr/libexec/PlistBuddy -c ' Print CFBundleShortVersionString ' / Developer / Applications / Xcode.app/Contents/version.plist % /usr/libexec/PlistBuddy -c ' Print CFBundleShortVersionString ' / Applications / Utilities /X11.app/Contents/version.plist % /usr/libexec/PlistBuddy -c ' Print CFBundleShortVersionString ' / Applications / Utilities /XQuartz.app/Contents/version.plist
ioreg [ 編集 ]
/usr/sbin/ioreg
IOKitの情報に関するコマンド
ファームウェア のEFI64対応を表示する例
% ioreg -l -p IODeviceTree | grep firmware - abi % cat / Library / Preferences / SystemConfiguration/com.apple.Boot.plist
BSD コマンド [ 編集 ]
chflags [ 編集 ]
Finderの不可視フォルダを可視化する例（MacOSX 10.7 ; Lion のライブラリフォルダ ）
$ chflags nohidden ~/ Library /
