Humbled auto CEOs ask Washington for billions to survive Driving back to D.C. , hats in hand
GM , Chrysler say aid needed urgently ;
Ford wants credit line
General Motors Corp. and Chrysler LLC asked Congress for $ 11 billion in government loans just to survive the year , something a prominent GM investor said there 's " no question " they need .
Democrats pledged to keep the companies out of bankruptcy without saying how .
The aid requests delivered Tuesday to U.S. lawmakers total $ 34 billion , more than a third larger than the plans they set aside last month , and heighten the pressure for action as a deepening auto slump quickens GM ’s rush toward a default .
While President - elect Barack Obama has said he favors an industry rescue , GM and Chrysler said Tuesday they wo n’t be operating through his January inauguration without the money stalled by a deadlock in Congress .
Democrats want to use the $ 700 billion bank - bailout fund , and Republicans favor tapping an Energy Department loan program .
" I believe that an intervention will happen , " House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , a California Democrat , told reporters at a briefing Tuesday as GM , Chrysler and Ford Motor Co. sent their plans to Congress .
" Everybody is disadvantaged by bankruptcy , including our economy , so that ’s not an option . "
Still unresolved is how Pelosi and Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid propose to break the impasse with Republicans and President George W. Bush over the source of funds for a rescue .
The $ 25 billion Energy Department loan program to retool factories is no longer enough to cover the three U.S. - based automakers ’ needs after a worsening economy forced them to boost their aid requests .
November auto sales plunged 37 percent to the lowest annual rate in 26 years .
GM is " in an emergency position , " Erich Merkle , an analyst at Crowe Horwath LLP in Grand Rapids , Mich. , said Tuesrday in a Bloomberg Television interview .
" They need the cash .
They need it very quickly . "
The largest U.S. automaker said it must have $ 4 billion this month , while No. 3 Chrysler said it needs $ 7 billion right away .
GM says it requires $ 4 billion more by the end of January as part of a total request of $ 18 billion .
Chrysler ’s total is $ 7 billion and Dearborn , Michigan - based Ford ’s is $ 9 billion for a credit line it said it may not have to tap .
In exchange , the companies have agreed to slash their payrolls , shrink their dealership rosters and make other changes to ensure they ’ll be able to pay the money back .
The automaker chiefs will defend the plans at hearings tomorrow and on Dec. 5 .
GM is seeking to reduce total debt of $ 62 billion , including obligations related to a union retiree health - care fund , to about $ 30 billion , according to the plan .
U.S. employment would fall to as little as 45,000 in 2012 from about 96,000 now under the plan , and Detroit - based GM ’s main domestic brands would be pared to four from eight .
GM will shrink Pontiac and may sell Saab and Saturn in addition to Hummer .
Chrysler called its request a " bridge loan " to cover immediate expenses .
The Auburn Hills , Michigan - based company , owned by Cerberus Capital Management LP , said it expects an operating profit next year , while using up $ 2 billion in cash .
Chrysler also says its plan assumes being awarded $ 6 billion in government loans for upgrading plants to produce more fuel - efficient vehicles , and it forecast building 500,000 electric autos in 2013 after the first one debuts in 2010 .
Ford ’s proposal includes investing about $ 14 billion in the next seven years to improve fuel efficiency .
The second - largest U.S. automaker also calls for focusing on its namesake brand through efforts such as exploring the sale of its Volvo unit .
" There ’s no question in my mind that the bridge loans make sense , " investor Mario Gabelli said today in a Bloomberg Television interview .
The U.S. " cannot afford to lose " the auto industry , said Gabelli .
His Gamco Investors Inc. held 3.7 million GM shares on Sept. 30 , according to Bloomberg data .
GM fell 22 cents , or 4.5 percent , to $ 4.63 at 9:42 a.m. in New York Stock Exchange composite trading , while Ford dropped 1 cent to $ 2.69 .
GM ’s 8.375 percent bonds due July 2033 slid 2.25 cents to 20.25 cents on the dollar , yielding 41.2 percent , according to Trace , the bond - price reporting system of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority .
Ford ’s 7.45 percent bonds due July 2031 declined 0.54 cent to 25.56 cents on the dollar , yielding 29.2 percent .
To help bolster automakers ’ cost - cutting efforts , the United Auto Workers union called an emergency meeting for today in Detroit to consider concessions that make it less costly to cut jobs , people familiar with that session said .
Reid , a Nevada Democrat , said he will have legislation on the Senate floor Dec. 8 that can be used as a bailout measure if an agreement is reached .
Pelosi , a California Democrat , stopped short of saying the House would meet , telling colleagues in a notice there was " the possibility " of a session next week .
Commerce Secretary Carlos Gutierrez reiterated the Bush administration ’s opposition to using the Troubled Asset Relief Program to pay for an industry bailout .
" The intent of the TARP was to stabilize the financial system , " he said in an interview Tuesday .
Representative Sander Levin , a Michigan Democrat , said lawmakers will find a way around the disagreements over funding now that automakers have detailed their needs .
" The Big Three have mapped out more clearly what the future will be , " Levin said in an interview .
" When these reports are analyzed I think the answer will be yes , it should be done , a bridge loan ; and therefore it ’s up to us to step up to the plate and figure out how it ’s done . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Israel has bombed supply tunnels in the southern Gaza Strip in a second day of intense air raids aimed at forcing Hamas militants to halt rocket fire .
Israeli Foreign Minister Tzipi Livni says the operation has been a success so far and the aim is to " change realities on the ground " in Gaza .
Israel has threatened to launch a ground assault and is now calling up 6,500 army reservists .
Palestinians say at least 280 people have died in the air raids .
A major tunnel bringing fuel into Gaza from Egypt was among three destroyed , Palestinians say .
But Israel says its jets bombed more than 40 tunnels .
Israel accuses Palestinian militants of using the tunnels to smuggle weapons into Gaza .
As jets pounded the southern Gaza Strip hundreds of Palestinians stormed over a fence on the Gaza - Egypt border , but Egyptian security forces fired shots to prevent them entering .
An Egyptian security official was shot dead and another wounded in the turmoil which followed .
At the UN , the Security Council called for an end to all violence in Gaza , including rocket attacks from Gaza .
Israel says militants have fired 110 rockets into Israel since Saturday .
A doctor at the Shifa hospital in Gaza City described a desperate scene , with essential medical supplies , fuel and water all running out .
Dr Khamis El Essi told the BBC that many people had been admitted with multiple injuries , such as head and back wounds .
Some patients had had limbs amputated .
He said some of the injured were carers and relatives who had been sheltering in a nearby mosque when it was hit in an Israeli raid .
The air strikes were launched on Saturday against Hamas targets in the densely - populated coastal territory , less than a week after the expiry of a six - month - long ceasefire deal with the militant group .
Israel hit targets in all Gaza 's main towns , including Gaza City in the north and Khan Younis and Rafah in the south .
More than 210 targets were hit in the first 24 hours of what Israel says could be a lengthy military operation .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
" We took Hamas by surprise , we targeted Hamas headquarters , so this is the beginning of a successful operation , I hope , but the idea is to change realities on the ground , " Foreign Minister Livni told the BBC on Sunday .
" We are trying to give an answer to our own citizens who want to live in peace . "
The high numbers of casualties made Saturday the single deadliest day in the Gaza Strip since Israel 's occupation of the territory in 1967 , analysts said , although no independent confirmation is available of the numbers killed .
Border confusion
Most of those killed were policemen in the Hamas militant movement , which controls Gaza , but officials said women and children also died .
The head of Gaza 's police was among those killed .
Up to 700 others were wounded as missiles struck security compounds and militant bases , the officials added .
RUN -UP TO GAZA RAIDS Shaky Egyptian - brokered six - month truce between Hamas and Israel agreed on 19 June Palestinian rocket fire and Israeli operations in Gaza reduced Violence resumes on 4 Nov as Israel launches incursion which it says targets Hamas tunnel ; Palestinians respond with rocket fire Hostilities increase ; Israel tightens blockade on Gaza Truce expires on 19 Dec ; both sides blame each other for its breakdown ; rocket fire increases Israel launches major air strikes on 27 Dec
Aid worker diary : Gaza raids
The Egyptian foreign minister has accused Hamas of not allowing injured Palestinians to leave Gaza to seek treatment , even though much - needed medical supplies are waiting at the nearby El - Arish airport .
In Israel , one person was killed on Saturday in the town of Netivot , some 20 km ( 12 miles ) east of Gaza , while there were reports of several Qassam rocket strikes early on Sunday .
Rockets landed in Ashdod , Israel 's largest southern city - some 38 km ( 23 miles ) from Gaza - the deepest they have ever struck inside Israel , Israeli media said .
No injuries were reported .
A Palestinian youth was killed by Israeli fire in the north of the West Bank during protests against the raids , medics said .
In Gaza , Palestinian officials said two people died when a mosque was hit on Saturday night .
A BBC journalist in Gaza City said a Hamas - run security and prison compound was hit by at least three missiles on Sunday morning .
Hamas said all of its security compounds in the strip were destroyed on Saturday .
' Time for fighting '
At the UN , the Security Council ended emergency talks with a call for an end to hostilities , speaking of " serious concern " at the escalation of the situation in Gaza .
US ambassador Zalmay Khalilzad suggested Hamas held the key to restoring calm .
" We believe the way forward from here is for rocket attacks against Israel to stop , for all violence to end , " he said .
He was implicitly backed up from Cairo by Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas - whose Fatah faction is a bitter rival of Hamas .
" We could have avoided what happened , " Mr Abbas said , saying the Islamist group should have renewed the ceasefire before it lapsed .
The air raids came days after the truce expired and as Israel prepares for a general election in February .
Defence Minister Ehud Barak has explained the operation in stark terms , saying " the time has come to fight " .
In response the exiled leader of Hamas , Khaled Meshaal , called for a new intifada , or uprising , against Israel , while the movement 's Gaza leader , Ismail Haniya , called the attack an " ugly massacre " .
International reaction to the bombing has been dominated by calls for restraint .
UN Secretary General Ban Ki-moon , Middle East envoy Tony Blair and the French EU presidency all called for a ceasefire .
The Israel - Hamas truce was regularly under strain and was allowed to lapse when it expired this month .
From 1967
Israel 's military occupied the Gaza Strip and Jewish settlers built communities within the territory .
Israel withdrew in 2005 but has maintained control of Gaza 's borders .
WINDHOEK , Namibia -- Microsoft Corp. sees sub-Saharan Africa , among the poorest places on earth , as one of the last great computing frontiers .
It wants to make its Windows software a fixture there .
To that end , it has established a presence in 13 countries , donated Windows for thousands of school computers , and funded programs for entrepreneurs and the young .
It also has used aggressive business tactics , some aimed at its biggest threat in the region : Linux , a Windows alternative that costs little , and sometimes nothing at ...
It must be hard being the lesser - known sibling of one of the world ’s greatest painters , or authors , or minds .
On a larger scale , I bet it ’s like going through high school as the younger sibling of a brother who was the star quarterback .
“ Van Gogh ?
Are you related to Vincent ?
Oh , man , Starry Night was just amazing . ”
OK , maybe not .
But at any rate , there are often supportive siblings behind the successes of great people – here are just a few of them .
Branwell Bronte
Branwell was the only boy out of all of the Bronte siblings , and was by all accounts extremely talented in his own right .
But what I think is most interesting is that he may have been the inspiration behind The Graduate .
In 1843 , he was hired as the tutor for the family of a local reverend , Edmund Robinson .
It ’s well documented that he fell in love with Lydia Robinson , Edmund ’s wife , so it ’s no surprised that Branwell was “ mysteriously ” dismissed from his position in 1845 - It ’s thought that Rev. Robinson found out that the two were having an affair .
Heartbroken by the loss of Mrs. Robinson , he began drinking a lot and was likely addicted to opium .
He ended up dying of tuberculosis , as did his sisters Emily and Anne. Charles Richard Webb , the author of The Graduate , is also rumored to have based the novel on his own affair with an older , rich socialite , but I would say he had at least heard of the Branwell Bronte story just based on the similarity of the names of the main characters .
Cassandra Austen
Like a lot of little sisters , Jane adored her older sibling and emulated everything Cassandra did .
Their mother once said , “ If Cassandra ’s head had been going to be cut off , Jane would have hers cut off too . ”
Jane wrote numerous letters to her sister , but only about 100 have survived .
Cassandra supposedly destroyed most of the letters after Jane died in 1817 .
Like her famous sister , Cassandra never married .
Erasmus Darwin
Erasmus was five years older than his famous brother , Charles .
He went to the Shrewsbury Boarding School and developed in interest in chemistry , so he and Charles set up an amateur lab in the garden shed at their house .
By 1822 , he decided to study medicine , but by 1829 , he had given up the career at his father ’s advice .
Dr. Robert Waring Darwin felt that Erasmus was too frail and delicate of a man to handle such a stressful career and talked him into retirement at the age of 26 .
He and Charles were very close and visited often , even after Charles got sick and started to become reclusive .
Charles ’ children loved Erasmus and called him Uncle Ras .
He died in September 1881 , more than 50 years after his father told him he was too sickly to do much with his life .
Theo van Gogh
As the younger brother of Vincent , Theo was instrumental in Vincent ’s success – he provided materials and financial support and introduced him to Gaugain , Cezanne , Toulouse - Lautrec , Rousseau , Pissaro and Seurat ( Theo was an art dealer and had excellent connections ) .
Vincent even lived with Theo for a while .
When they did n’t live together , they were constantly writing to one another .
These letters have been compiled in a book , but you wo n’t find many of Theo ’s letters – Vincent apparently destroyed most of Theo ’s correspondence , while Theo avidly saved everything from Vincent .
Some of Vincent 's responses , though , indicate that Theo was aware of Vincent 's mental health issues and was concerned about his brother .
Marianne Mozart
Maria Anna ( she did n't go by Marianne until she was an adult ) was Wolfgang ’s older sister , and his only sibling who did n’t die in infancy .
She was part of the Mozart family Grand Tour from 1763 - 1766 , and was even the big draw in the early years – she showed a natural talent for the harpsichord and piano .
Eventually , when she got old enough to marry , she was no longer allowed to tour or show off her musical talents .
She apparently was a good composer , because letters from Mozart have survived that praise her artistry , but none of her pieces have ever been found .
She and Wolfgang were quite close as children but apparently drifted apart as adults – no correspondence between the two exists after 1788 .
Bartholomew Columbus
Bartholomew was just one of Christopher 's brothers - he had two others , Giacomo and Giovanni .
Bartholomew was , fittingly , a mapmaker .
Apparently world exploration ran in the family .
This map is from the workshop of Bartholomew and Christopher ; it ’s been documented that they worked closely together .
In 1494 , he helped Christopher in his campaigns to conquer Hispaniola and governed it for a while .
He was also a member of Christopher ’s last transatlantic expedition .
Fans of the Beat generation have known for years about The Novel That Kicked It All Off , but they 've had to wait until the death of a journalist at United Press International for it to be published .
The appearance in print of And the Hippos Were Boiled In Their Tanks by William S Burroughs and Jack Kerouac is a literary event , not only because it drew two of the three leading Beat writers into confederacy , but because the book told a story – of male friendship , gay obsession and murder – that came to fascinate a score of American authors .
Readers who think Kerouac 's 1957 masterpiece
On the Road was a young man 's book are startled to find that Hippos was written in 1944 .
The proto-Beat was only 22 , a " strange solitary Catholic mystic " from Lowell , Massachusetts .
His friend Burroughs , cold , scary and a connoisseur of extreme behaviour , was 30 ; his years of success with Naked Lunch and Junky came later , in 1959 .
The third of their troika of strung - out , druggy , sexually ambiguous visionaries was Allen Ginsberg , the gawky , Jewish , voraciously homosexual poet , whose ground - breaking Howl and Other Poems was published in 1956 .
A decade before they came to public attention , all were involved in the Carr - Kammerer case .
One night in summer 1943 , Ginsberg , a Columbia University student , heard music in the dormitory of the Union Theological Seminary .
He knocked on the door and asked what it was ( Brahms 's Trio No 1 . )
The Brahms fan was Lucien Carr from St Louis , Missouri .
They talked and became friends .
Carr took Ginsberg to Greenwich Village and introduced him to David Kammerer and to Kammerer 's oldest friend , William Burroughs , also from St Louis .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
As Christmas approached , momentous meetings occurred .
Carr met Edie Parker , a rich Detroit woman and the girlfriend of Jack Kerouac .
Kerouac was away at sea but , on his return , Edie introduced him to Carr in her apartment .
Carr took Edie to meet Ginsberg , and gave him Kerouac 's address .
The Beat heroes ' first meeting was , prosaically , at breakfast - time ; they discussed poetry for hours and later paid a joint formal visit to Burroughs to see what they could learn .
It was an ever - expanding literary party .
In the following months , the new friends met in Edie 's apartment at 118th Street and Amsterdam Ave .
Kerouac came to live with her and her flatmate , Joan Vollman , who later married Burroughs and was shot by him , when a drinking game went wrong , in 1951 .
For now , though , it was bliss , at the end of a titanic war , to be at the heart of a new generation of writers .
The real - life events behind the book occurred in the early hours of Monday morning , 16 August 1944 .
Carr and Kammerer were walking beside the Hudson in Riverside Park on New York 's Upper West Side .
Lucien Carr was 19 , slight , blond and good - looking .
Kammerer was 33 , 6ft tall , athletic , muscular .
They 'd met in St Louis in 1936 , when Carr was 11 , and later at George Washington University , when Carr joined nature hikes conducted by Kammerer , the PE instructor .
Kammerer was gay and had for years been sexually obsessed with Carr .
Both men were drunk .
They quarrelled and rolled on the grass .
Kammerer made what the papers called " an indecent proposal " , presumably backing it up with action .
Carr responded with fury .
He stabbed Kammerer twice in the chest with a little Boy Scout knife .
Then he put some rocks in the bleeding man 's pockets and rolled him into the Hudson .
In disarray , he went to Burroughs , who recommended that he tell his family and consult a lawyer .
Instead , he went to see Kerouac , who hung out with him all next day , took him to an art gallery and the new Korda movie The Four Feathers , and watched him dispose of the knife down a sewer and get rid of the dead man 's spectacles in the park .
Unable to stand the guilt , Carr went to the police and confessed .
Coastguards found Kammerer 's body in the river , and Carr was accused of second - degree murder .
Kerouac was arrested as a material witness and narrowly missed being charged as an accessory .
In an odd twist , when Kerouac 's father Leo refused to pay $ 100 for his son's bail , Kerouac and Edie got married in jail so that her family would pay his bail .
The trial took place on 15 September 1944 , and Lucien Carr was sentenced to a maximum of 10 years in jail .
No sooner was the sentence announced than several New York scribes began writing their versions of the killing .
Ginsberg wrote a draft of The Bloodsong , which recreated Kammerer 's last hours , but was discouraged by the assistant dean of Columbia , who decided the university could live without more notoriety .
The poet John Hollander wrote about it for the Columbia Spectator .
Among others intrigued by the crime - of - passion gay homicide were James Baldwin , and a young copy - boy at the The New Yorker called Truman Capote .
In October 1944 , after a period staying with his parents , Burroughs moved into an apartment on Riverside Drive and resumed calling on the apartment shared by Edie , Joan and Kerouac .
It was here that the two men began collaborating on their joint novel based on the Kammerer murder .
They wrote alternate chapters , Burroughs as " Will Dennison , " a New York bartender , Kerouac as " Mike Ryko , " described as " a 19 - year - old , red - haired Finn , a sort of merchant seaman dressed in dirty khaki " .
While many of Burroughs ' thematic interests and later obsessions – drugs , violent death , hustlers , gay sex , broken glass – are apparent from an early stage , the young Kerouac held his own against the chilly sage .
" There was a clear separation of material as to who wrote what , " Burroughs told his biographer , Ted Morgan .
" We were n't trying for literal accuracy at all , just some approximation .
We had fun doing it .
Of course what we wrote was dictated by the actual course of events – that is , Jack knew one thing and I knew another .
We fictionalised .
The killing was actually done with a knife , it was n't done with a hatchet at all .
I had to disguise the characters , so I made Lucien 's character a Turk . "
They found an agent , Madeline Brennan , who praised the manuscript and hawked it around some publishers .
For a time , things looked promising .
On 14 March 1945 , Kerouac wrote a letter to his sister Caroline : " For the kind of book it is – a portrait of the ' lost ' segment of our generation , hard - boiled , honest and sensationally real – it is good , but we do n't know if those kinds of books are much in demand now , although after the war there will no doubt be a veritable rash of ' lost generation ' books and ours in that field can't be beat . "
You can imagine American publishers in 1945 inspecting the junkie references , the F - words , the gay context ( " This Phillip is the kind of boy literary fags write sonnets to , which start out , ' O raven - haired Grecian lad ...' " ) and the hallucinogenic moments – like when two of the characters chew broken glass in Chapter One – and deciding it was too much trouble .
None took it on .
Burroughs was stoic .
" It was n't sensational enough to make it from that point of view , nor was it well - written or interesting enough to make it from a purely literary point of view .
It sort of fell in - between .
It was very much in the Existentialist genre , the prevailing mode of the period , but that had n't hit America yet .
It just was n't a commercially viable property . "
It 's easy to spot the real Kerouac and Burroughs behind their narrators , and to see Carr and Kammerer behind the figures of Phillip Tourian and Ramsay Allen .
The conversation in which Phillip asks Mike when next he 's going to sea exactly mirrors what Carr would have said to Kerouac a few weeks before .
The two men stayed friends for life , but the book sometimes came between them .
When Carr was released on parole after serving two years , he reinvented himself as Lou Carr , found a job at UPI , the news service , got married , started a family and tried to block any attempts to re-tell the Columbia manslaughter story .
He asked for his name to be removed from the dedication ( a signal honour ) to Ginsberg 's Howl .
Kerouac , meanwhile , kept hoping some publisher would bring out Hippos .
In the late 1950s and 1960s , he terrified Carr by talking about reviving it .
Eventually he told the story under fictional names in his autobiographical novel , Vanity of Duluoz .
Then a 1973 biography of Kerouac by Ann Charters brought up the death of Kammerer , and an article in New York magazine , in April 1976 , included extracts from Hippos as if they were hard facts .
Carr was mortified to have his homicidal past dragged up for his new colleagues to read .
Burroughs helped his friend by suing the magazine , and won the right to share control over the book 's future .
Burroughs 's executor , James Grauerholz , visited Carr after Burroughs died in 1997 and promised he would n't allow publication of the novel while Carr was alive .
Carr died in 2005 , which is why you can read the book at last .
It 's not the most sophisticated crime novel , and it does n't show either writer at his best .
But it evokes a time , towards the end of the war , and a place , Manhattan , that 's become sour with drunks , whores , sailors , faggots and lost souls , all wondering when the world is going to re-start .
It 's a fascinating snapshot from a lost era .
If you 're looking for the link between Hemingway 's impotent post - war drifters in The Sun Also Rises , the barflies and Tralalas of Last Exit to Brooklyn and the zonked - out kids of Bret Easton Ellis 's Less Than Zero , look no further .
To order a copy of ' And the Hippos Were Boiled In Their Tanks ' by Jack Kerouac and William Burroughs for the special price of £ 18 ( free P&P ) , call Independent Books Direct on 0870 079 8897 or visit www.independentbooksdirect.co.uk
Alleged Al - Qaeda number two pops up again to provide Obama with pretext for bombing more sovereign countries in the name of the war on terror
Paul Joseph Watson
Prison Planet.com
Wednesday , November 19 , 2008
Al - Qaeda ’s alleged number two Ayman Al - Zawahiri has called for new attacks to be launched against “ criminal America , ” which is somewhat odd considering the fact that he once fought on behalf of the CIA and was granted U.S. residence by the Immigration and Naturalization Service .
Indeed , Al - Zawahiri has reportedly been captured twice before , so the fact that he is still releasing video tapes via the Pentagon - allied IntelCenter organization and playing the role of boogeyman so Obama can continue bombing sovereign countries in the name of the war on terror strikes us as a little fishy .
“ America , the criminal , trespassing crusader , continues to be the same as ever , so we must continue to harm it , in order for it to come to its senses , ” Zawahri said , addressing Muslims across the world , reports Reuters .
( ARTICLE CONTINUES BELOW )
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
Is this Al - Zawahiri a different person to the real Al - Zawahiri who was reported to have been captured in Tehran in February 2002 ?
Is this a different Al - Zawahiri to the one reportedly captured near the Pakistan - Afghanistan border in September 2004 ?
Or is this the same Al - Zawahiri who , as the head of the Egyptian Islamic Jihad , fought for the CIA in Bosnia ?
Is this the same Al - Zawahiri who , according to January 2000 U.S. Congressional testimony , was granted U.S. residence by the Immigration and Naturalization Service – something almost impossible for many legitimate immigrants to obtain ?
Is this the same Al - Zawahiri whose brother Zaiman is running terrorist camps under NATO protection in the U.S. zone in Kosovo ?
Previous tapes which featured Ayman al - Zawahiri were found to be cobbled together from old footage but that does n’t bother a lapdog media well versed in manufacturing consent and never offering retractions when said tapes turn out to be questionable frauds .
A 2006 Ayman al - Zawahiri tape was studied by a computer expert , who discovered that the As - Sahab logo ( the alleged media arm of Al - Qaeda ) and the IntelCenter logo ( a U.S. based private intelligence organization that “ monitors terrorist activity ” ) were both added to the video at the same time – meaning the Pentagon - affiliated group releasing the tapes were slapping on the Al - Qaeda brand right before they released them to the media .
The expert suspiciously reversed his stance a day later despite producing detailed technical analysis to justify his claim .
Any credibility that these so - called “ Al - Qaeda tapes ” had was devastated after our investigation revealed that the people putting them out had connections into the highest ranks of the military - industrial complex .
In our exposé , we unveiled the ties between IntelCenter , a group that regularly ‘ obtains ’ Al - Qaeda tapes and the Pentagon .
IntelCenter is an offshoot of IDEFENSE , which was staffed by a senior military psy - op intelligence officer , Jim Melnick , who has worked directly for Donald Rumsfeld .
IntelCenter were behind the October 2006 release of the “ laughing hijackers ” tape that showed Mohammad Atta and Ziad Jarrah allegedly attending a 2000 Al - Qaeda meeting and reading their last will and testament .
Segments of the video that were interspersed with footage of the “ laughing hijackers , ” Jarrah and Atta , showing Bin Laden giving a speech to an audience in Afghanistan on January 8 2000 , were culled from what terror experts described as surveillance footage taken by a “ security agency . ”
News reports at the time contained the admission that the U.S. government had been in possession of the footage since 2002 , while others said it was found when the United States invaded Afghanistan in 2001 , and yet it was still bizarrely reported that the tape , bearing all the hallmarks of having been filmed and edited by undercover US intelligence and having admittedly been in US possession for five years , was released over the weekend of September 31 / October 1 by “ Al - Qaeda ” .
The video also contained segments that were first broadcast in a British documentary called The Road to Guantanamo , which was originally aired in March 2006 .
The context of the corresponding scene in the dramatized documentary featured U.S. interrogators attempting to coerce Gitmo detainees into confessing Al - Qaeda membership by showing them fake videos where their likeness had been computer generated to appear as if they were in attendance during Bin Laden ’s January 8 2000 speech .
IntelCenter are also responsible for the occasional video appearances of Adam Pearlman , the Jewish Mossad agent who once wrote stinging essays condemning Muslims as “ bloodthirsty terrorists ” , but now magically pops up when Neo -Cons are embroiled in scandals or the war on terror needs a fresh injection of necessity .
IntelCenter were also behind the release of the July 2007 “ new ” Bin Laden tape , which in actual fact was old footage filmed in 2001 and had been released , including by IntelCenter itself , on no less than two previous occasions spanning back five years .
Al - Zawahiri has a history of popping up at the most politically expedient times , most notably when he appeared right before State of the Union speeches two years running , to attack Bush ’s policy in Iraq and allow him to use Al - Zawahiri ’s words as a rallying call to prolong the occupation , following in the footsteps of Dick Cheney and former Press Secretary Tony Snow , who had compared troop surge skeptics to Al - Qaeda sympathizers .
His appearance following the election of Obama provides fresh pretext for Obama ’s plans to expand military strikes on foreign nations said to be harboring terrorists but normally harboring bakeries , marketplaces and little kids playing football in the street .
This article was posted : Wednesday , November 19 , 2008 at 10:37 am
Print this page .
Infowars.com Videos :
Comment on this article
Overlooked perhaps in the historic vote that made Barack Obama the nation 's first African - American president is something that did n't happen .
With the defeat of the McCain / Palin ticket and its extremist anti-abortion platform , Americans voted against an abrogation of women 's reproductive rights that might have taken a generation to undo .
And by rejecting draconian ballot measures in Colorado , South Dakota and California , voters protected a woman 's right to choose - at least for now .
To be sure , Obama 's victory prevented the emergence of conservative Supreme Court supermajority committed to sweeping away Roe v. Wade .
With the potential retirement of Justices Stevens ( 88 ) and Ginsburg ( 83 ) , Obama may the opportunity to make at least two nominations to the Court .
( There may be 14 openings on the nation 's appellate courts , all but one which currently has a Republican majority . )
Given Justice Kennedy 's condescending and paternalistic opinion in the 5 - 4 Gonzales v. Carhart case upholding the so - called federal partial birth abortion ban , the direction of the Court and the fate of Roe surely hung in the balance last Tuesday .
On that point , John McCain , Sarah Palin and the Republican Party were quite clear .
McCain not only supported judicial appointees in the mold of John Roberts and Samuel Alito , he reversed course to support overturning Roe v. Wade .
And to be sure , the 2008 Republican platform incorporated Palin 's extremist views on abortion , banning the procedure even in cases of rape and incest :
" We support a human life amendment to the Constitution , and we endorse legislation to make clear that the Fourteenth Amendment 's protections apply to unborn children . "
In Colorado , anti-abortion activists tried – and failed - to enshrine the GOP plank 's logical extreme in the state constitution .
The ballot measure known as Amendment 48 would have defined a " person " as " any human being from the moment of fertilization . "
That ultra - hard line position would not merely have prohibited abortions in the state , as the New York Times noted , " it could ban widely used forms of contraception , curtail medical research involving embryos , criminalize necessary medical care and shutter fertility clinics . "
Opposed even by National Right to Life and Focus on the Family ( groups which argued the measure 's " timing and language are not right " ) , the amendment was overwhelming rejected by Colorado voters by a lopsided 73 % to 27 % margin .
In South Dakota , too , residents voted down harsh new abortion restrictions designed to prompt a constitutional challenge to Roe .
Two years after voters narrowly beat back a ban on all abortions in the state , Measure 11 supporters crafted a new amendment offering limited exceptions for incest , rape or the life and health of the mother .
( That would be the same " health of the mother " John McCain derided with air quotes during his final debate with Barack Obama . )
By 55 % to 45 % , South Dakotans said no to the unconstitutional infringement of women 's reproductive rights .
Even California had abortion restrictions on the ballot .
For the third time , Golden State voters faced a measure putting in place onerous new requirements for parental notification .
( As the Times noted , " would make it difficult for young women caught in abusive situations to obtain an abortion without notifying their parents , even in cases where the father or stepfather is responsible for the pregnancy . " )
By a narrow four point margin ( 52 % to 48 % ) , Proposition 4 and its 48 hour notification rule were rejected by Californians .
Of course , while pro-choice advocates may have won some battles on Election Day , the war is far from over .
Across the nation , anti-abortion forces continue to advance " slippery slope " laws design to gradually undermine the pro-choice consensus in the United States .
In the wake of their victories with so - called partial birth abortion laws and the Unborn Victims of Violence Act , abortion foes continue to push legislation advancing pseudo - scientific ( and unsubstantiated ) claims about " fetal pain " and " post- abortion syndrome . "
( The demeaning language of the latter played an essential role in Justice Kennedy 's shocking Gonzales v. Carhart opinion . )
Other states look to enact fraudulent health warnings and burdensome new regulations on the operation of family planning center , laws which have left the entire state of Mississippi with a single abortion clinic .
And 4 states - Alabama , Louisiana , Mississippi , and Oklahoma - now require mandatory ultrasound procedures for all women seeking an abortion .
When all else fails , there is demonization .
The day after Barack Obama 's historic election , Jill Stanek , the source of the discredited " infanticide " smear against him , denounced the President - elect as a " barbarian . "
The American Village in Erbil , Kurdistan is strategically located in a country with lots of future potential .
It lies a convenient 15 km drive from Erbil international airport and next to the international school of Choueifat .
A planned future hospital will also be close by giving residents required infrastructure for modern living .
Surrounding the village are the striking Kurdish mountains offering spectacular views .
Overview
The now fully operational American Village is already graced with residents who have bought into the dream of owing a unique investment opportunity that provides safety , with beautiful and tranquil surroundings .
This exclusive village features 400 luxurious villas which have been designed and built like an American style community .
Developers have taken inspiration from the east coast of America and created landscaped gardens ideal to let your kids roam safely at all times .
The community is self sufficient with its own commercial center , wireless high speed Internet network , restaurant , private security , waste water collection and treatment system , maintenance services , water supply , 24 - hour electricity .
Location
[ umap id =” 13500 ″ size= ” m ” alignment=” center ” ]
Located on the booming outskirts of Erbil not far from the international airport , the American Village development community provides investors with a rare opportunity to buy into something unique .
The development is ideally located on Salahadin Road .
Features and Facilities
The Khanzad American Village in Kurdistan is a prestigious community that takes environmental living to new heights .
Totally self sufficient and providing great infrastructure for residents , the development features :
American Style Community
More Than 300 Luxurious Villas , with Several Models to chose From
Refined Design and Unrivaled Quality Coupled with the Most Advanced Amenities
A Location of Incredible Potential
Just 15 Kilometers from Erbil International Airport on Salahadin Road
Next to the International School of Choueifat and the Future Site of Majdi Hospital
Fully Independent Community
Residential Complex Amenities :
Community Market
Playground for Children
Landscape Gardens
Community Services :
Waste Water Collection and Treatment System
Water Supply
24 - Hour Electricity
Garbage Collection
Buyers Options
Investors can choose their own dream villa .
A total of three choices are available for selection :
American Home
Hawlerian Home
Palace Home
Influenced by the style of the American east coast , they incorporate refined design , luxurious living and style .
Residents can take full advantage of the amenities available .
American Home
American home offers a standard home that features more than 330 square meters of living space .
All this has been distributed over a 400 square meter lot .
This type of house includes four bedrooms , two full bathrooms , a family room with fireplace , a garage with automatic door opener and a fully furnished kitchen .
If family requirements make it necessary to have a bedroom on the ground floor , there is an option of turning the garage into an ensuite , with a full bathroom .
The American Home is perfect as a first home for a new family , but also has plenty of room for larger families .
Hawlerian Home
Hawlerian home is a medium sized home that has 520 square meters of living space , distributed over an 800 square meter , double lot .
This home has many of the same standard features as the American Home , but has several different floor plans which can include from four to six bedrooms , three or four full bathrooms , two - story great room with fireplace , garage with automatic door opener and a fully furnished gourmet kitchen .
This home is perfect for larger families or for people who want extra room and luxury .
Palace Home
The Palace home is the crown jewel of the American Village .
It has almost 800 square meters of living space and can be customized in any number of ways .
The only limitations of the Palace Home are the limits of your imagination .
Investment Summary
The American Village in Erbil is an opportunity for those who seek peaceful lifestyle amongst some of natures most impressive surroundings , coupled with a booming area that offers unsurpassed infrastructure and design .
Make an enquiry using the contact form below to get more information on rental yields projections , return on investment ( ROI ) and expected capital growth projections .
Contact Us
To take advantage of the American Village lifestyle please use the following form to receive more information .
Your Name * ( required )
Your Email* ( required )
Your Phone Number * ( required )
Country of Residence * ( required )
--- Afghanistan Albania Andorra Angola Anguilla Antigua & Barbuba Argentina Australia Austria Azerbaijan Bahamas Bahrain Bangladesh Barbados Belgium Belize Bermuda Bolivia Botswana Brazil British Virgin Island Brunei Bulgaria Canada Cape Verde Islands Cayman Island Central African Republic Chile China Colombia Costa Rica Croatia Cyprus Czech Republic Denmark Dominica Dominican Republic Ecuador Egypt El Salvador Equitorial Guinea Eritrea Estonia Ethiopia Faeroe Island Falkland Island Fiji Islands Finland France Gabon Gambia Georgia Germany Ghana Gibraltar Greece Greenland Grenada Guadeloupe Guam Guantanamo Bay Guatemala Guinea Guyana Haiti Honduras Hong Kong Hungary Iceland India Indonesia Iran Iraq Ireland Israel Italy Ivory Coast Jamaica Japan Jordan Kenya Kiribati Kuwait Laos Latvia Lebanon Lesotho Libya Liechtenstein Lithuania Luxembourg Macau Macedonia Madagascar Malawi Malaysia Maldives Mali Republic Malta Mexico Moldova Monaco Monaco Mongolia Morocco Myanmar ( Burma ) Namibia Nepal Netherlands New Zealand Nicaragua Niger Nigeria Norway Oman Pakistan Palau Panama Papua New Guinea Paraguay Peru Philippines Poland Portugal Puerto Rico Qatar Romania Russia Saudi Arabia Senegal Republic Serbia Seychelles Singapore Slovakia Slovenia Solomon Island Somalia South Africa Spain Sri Lanka St. Lucia St. Vincent Swaziland Sweden Switzerland Syria Taiwan Tanzania Thailand Trinidad & Tobago Tunisia Turkey Uganda Ukraine United Arab Emirates United Kingdom United States Uruguay Venezuela Vietnam Zambia Best Time to Contact You* ( required )
Please enter the characters below * ( required )
To use CAPTCHA , you need Really Simple CAPTCHA plugin installed .
Your Message ( optional )
Delhi HC to govt : Homosexuality is not a disease Text Size : | NEW DELHI : Irritated by the government 's contradictory and unscientific stand on the issue of homosexuality , the Delhi High Court on Monday told the government that the homosexual trait in a human being cannot be termed as a " disease " and objected to the contention that if legalised , homosexuality would bring " devastation " to society .
" Show us one report which says that it is a disease .
A WHO paper says that it is not a disease but you are describing it as a disease .
It is an accepted fact that it is a main vehicle that causes ( AIDS ) disease but it is not a disease in itself , " a Bench headed by Chief Justice A P Shah remarked in response to Additional Solicitor General P P Malhotra 's harping on the point that homosexuality was a disease that is responsible for the spread of AIDS in the country .
" AIDS is already spreading in the country and if gay sex is legalised then people on the street would start indulging in such practises saying that the High Court has given approval for it .
Legalising it would send a wrong message to our youth , " Malhotra maintained , at which HC took strong exception and said the matter ( pertaining to legalising gay sex ) was still under consideration and the Centre should not make such a submission .
The Court was hearing a bunch of petitions filed by gay rights activists seeking decriminalisation of gay sex among consenting adults which , at present , is an offence .
Section 377 of Indian Penal Code provides a punishment upto life imprisonment for indulging in gay sex .
Continuing with its opposition the government described homosexuality as " a most indecent behaviour " in society , pointing out that homosexuals comprise just 0.3 % of the population and the interest of rest 99.7 % population " cannot be compromised " just to accommodate their rights .
" Every citizen has the right to lead a decent and moral life in society and the right would be violated if such behaviour ( gay sex ) is legalised in the country , " Malhotra said arguing that an amendment in section 377 would mean subsequent tinkering around with marriage and divorce laws of each community as all have sodomy as a ground for divorce .
The ASG claimed even section 375 , which pertains to rape , would need an amendment to change definition of " consent " if homosexuality was legalised .
" Our constitution does not talk about sexual orientation .
We cannot impose other countries ' constitutions on us .
Our moral and ethical values are different , " the ASG said while concluding Centre 's arguments .
Meanwhile , an independent party in the PIL , B P Singhal , who is opposing decriminalisation of gay sex started his arguments and described homosexuality as an " evil " exported from western countries .
" If the court allows such acts then it would lead to male prostitution and the epidemic of AIDS would further spread .
We would no longer be a country called India if Section 377 is removed and such behaviour ( gay sex ) is allowed , " Advocate H V Sharma appearing for the political leader said .
The Court , however , instructed him to " stick " to legal issues involved in the case and not raise political ones .
Earlier , gay rights activists had contended that the government , by not decriminalising homosexuality , was infringing upon their fundamental right to equality on grounds of morality .
Follow us on Twitter for TOI top stories Twitter Facebook Share Print Email Save Comment Text Size : | More Stories from this section
If the new claims are accepted as evidence when they go on trial for murder and sexual assault early next month in the university town of Perugia , Umbria , it may cast doubt on their claim that they did not return to the cottage until mid-morning .
The logo of American International Group Inc. ( AIG ) on the outside of their corporate headquarters in New York , November 10 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - Former American International Group Inc executive Joseph Cassano is under investigation by U.S. prosecutors for possibly misleading auditors and investors about subprime mortgage - related losses , according to a Bloomberg report citing people familiar with the probe .
The report said investigators are asking auditors at PricewaterhouseCoopers about memos they wrote last fall on how Cassano and other AIG executives valued contracts protecting $ 62 billion in mortgage - backed securities .
The U.S. government is also investigating AIG ’s reliance on valuations that have been questioned by auditors and banks , according to the report .
Cassano previously led AIG Financial Products , the source of billions of dollars of losses which led to the insurance company needing to be rescued by the U.S. government in a $ 85 billion deal in September .
In October , U.S. lawmakers criticized AIG for giving Cassano a $ 1 million - a- month consulting contract after he retired in March .
An AIG spokesman was not immediately available for comment .
5 October 1994
Sophie 's World :
A Novel About the History of Philosophy
By Jostein Gaarder
Farrar , Straus and Giroux , $ 19
It 's tempting to get all warm and gloopy over this well - intentioned response by a Norwegian writer and former philosophy teacher to the New Age " pornography " he fears may replace the Western philosophical canon .
Sophie 's World has rapidly become an international literary phenom .
A genre - crossing European best - seller ( file under fiction , philosophy , and young adulthood ) with nearly a million copies sold to date , Jostein Gaarder 's novel , at 400 pages , is a concise , clearly written corrective to philosophic obscurantism .
The foil for Gaarder 's pedagogic fantasy is Sophie Amundsen , a spunky 14 - year - old whose philosophic journey begins when a pair of timeless ontological posers - - " Who are you ? " and " Where does the world come from ? "
-- appear mysteriously in her mailbox .
A follow - up envelope containing typewritten pages titled " What Is Philosophy ? " ( 11 ) orient her on a correspondence course in the history of philosophy that eventually turns into a Socratic tutorial .
Sophie 's enthusiasm shocks her mother , who attributes her newfound interest in the mysteries of life to the influence of drugs .
Nothing could be further from the truth ( at least until the Kierkegaard chapter , when things do get a trifle psychedelic ) .
Although Sophie 's tutor , Alberto Knox , grounds the philosopher 's project in maintaining a sense of wonder , his disquisition is clean and sober indeed .
What keeps the novel moving are the tricks Gaarder plays with what we used to call the old r. and i.-- reality and illusion .
Sophie begins receiving postcards addressed from a United Nations observer in Lebanon to his own 15 - year - old daughter , Hilde .
As Sophie gradually becomes aware of her existence within a book ( within a book ( within a book ) ) , the philosophical question gradually take on an existential tinge , embracing problems of determinacy and free will .
While not nearly as highfalutin as such would - be popularizers as Umberto Eco , Susan Sontag , or Stephen Hawkins , it 's loads of fun in a cool , Scandinavian Alice - in - Wonderland fashion .
The book is for children of all ages , remember , so do n't expect detailed synopses of the world 's major philosophers , systems , or contexts .
The risks Gaarder takes in the interests of simplicity and clarity definitely pay off , however .
These include the translation of nearly all technical terms , the omission of the hundreds of titles that would otherwise clutter the book , and his emphasis on the echoing persistence of philosophical themes from the pre-Socratics ( whose modernism is conveyed elegantly ) to the existentialists Gaarder nutshells right before dropping a few gee - whiz notions about ecophilosophy and how star gazing constitutes a cosmic journey into the past ( " Yes , we too are stardust " ( 392 ) , croons Alberto ) .
Sophie 's World is a model of classic pedagogical technique packaged in most tasteful modernism .
From the Socratic dialogues up to and including Gilles Deleuze and Felix Guattari 's ultimate collaboration ( the perfect companion volume , their What Is Philosophy ?
tastefully packages chaos as classicism ) , philosophy has been intertwined with friendship , sharing , and equality .
While on the one hand Sophie ( and Hilde and every kid who receives this book as the gift of a concerned adult ) serves as the willing receptacle of Alberto 's wisdom ( perform your own deconstruction here ) , Gaarder has her question frequently the absence of women in philosophy .
The only women thinkers accorded a paragraph or two here are beheaded French revolutionary Olympe de Gouges and Simone de Beauvoir .
Sophie , nevertheless , seems more than willing to , well , man the barricades in their name .
Ongoing advertisements for environmental activism and world federalism via the United the Nations add to the novel 's liberal agenda -- which is about where my enthusiasm ends .
Gaarder 's well - measured conciliatory tone masks the rhetorical ( and physical ) violence philosophic discourse has generated over the past few thousand years , so do n't expect to find Foucault , Deleuze / Guattari , or Derrida -- even Heidegger and Nietzsche earn s little as a paragraph each .
As noted above , Gaarder holds no truck with the outlaw alternatives sold under the New Age and mysticism rubrics .
" The difference between real philosophy and these books , " grumps Alberto , " is more or less the same as the difference between real love and pornography " ( 357 ) .
Do we detect an old - fashioned moralist in this dismissal ?
Gaarder , having stripped down the canon 's arguments to their leanest Western cuts , thereby ignoring Muslim or pagan can't or wo n't see philosophy 's manfully conceptualized recourses to faith , transcendence , and immanence as actually forming much of the spiritual bedrock for crystal worship or ufology .
At worst , Gaarder 's book is a philosophical Ikea , whose clean lines and slick marketing offer a one - size - fits - all coziness masking the bitter ideological rivalries and utter radicalism characterizes so much of the field 's history .
On the other hand , any Sophie 's World reader inspired to further investigation will collide with all that soon enough , which suggests an even more provocative sequel .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
New research has shown how dolphins achieve their blinding speeds .
Gray 's Paradox - named after British zoologist Sir James Gray - proposed that dolphins simply do not have the strength to swim so fast .
But researchers at the Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute in the US have now studied the movement of water around dolphins as they swim .
The results show that dolphins can exert tremendous force with their tails - up 1,800 Newtons ( 400 lbs force ) .
Gray had supposed they could produce less than a tenth of this amount , and imagined that something about the dolphins ' skin allowed them to overcome the force of drag in the water and reach high speeds .
" For the first time , I think we can safely say the puzzle is solved , " said Tim Wei , the Rensselaer scientist who led the study .
" The short answer is that dolphins are simply much stronger than Gray or many other people ever imagined . "
To determine this , Professor Wei used a new method of measuring the movement of water that he originally developed to track Olympic swimmers .
Keeping upright for Cilla Black requires a lot more force
The technique employs digital particle image velocimetry , which measures the speed of water movements around a swimming dolphin or human .
Retired US
Navy dolphins Primo and Puka were filmed swimming through a tank filled with millions of tiny bubbles .
Software tracked the movement of individual bubbles , determining their speed and direction , and assigning them a colour .
Professor
Wei then used force measurement concepts from aerospace research to translate those velocities into a force that the dolphins ' tails were producing - nearly 200 lb on average .
When " walking " - keeping upright mostly above water with powerful flips of their tails - the dolphins produced between 1,300 and 1,800 Newtons ( 300 - 400 pounds of force ) .
Professor
Wei will go on to study the motion and force generation of other sea animals .
Exchanging business cards is a rudimentary form of networking ( the people , not the server kind ) .
However , to get the most out of the exchange , you need a card that attracts attention and reflects the image or values you want to project .
Unfortunately , OpenOffice.org
Writer 's tool for producing business cards does such a poor job of realizing both these goals that it is better avoided .
However , if you know where to look , Writer also includes other tools that make designing business cards as easy as possible .
When you first click File -> New ->
Business Cards , you may have a flash of hope that most of your work will be done for .
However , click the Business Cards tab , and disappointment sets in .
The five templates offered include only text and a few dingbats , and are as about exciting and distinguished as prime time television .
Use any of them , and the image that you 'll project will be unprofessional .
Besides , unless you work for a company that 's so big that you have no need to worry about image , like Macdonald 's or IBM , you want your card to stand out -- and using a template from any off - the - net piece of software is n't going to help you do that .
Even using the AutoText options is n't going to help .
Preparing to design
My suggestion is to avoid the Business Cards selection altogether , and click instead on File -> New ->
Labels .
You wo n't really miss the business cards ' use of fields , or their format options , and can avoid the irritation of working around them .
In the Labels tab in the Labels window , make sure that the format is set to Sheet , then choose the Brand and Type for the sheet layout .
This choice is usually hit or miss unless you have a particular brand on hand , but Avery Letter Size 5371 and Avery A4 L7413 are your best choices .
Note that you are not necessarily going to use the designated sheet for printing your business cards -- it 's just a template so that you can print multiple cards from the same page .
Then go to the Options tab , and make sure that Synchronize contents is selected .
This option will allow you to add the design to only one card on the sheet , then populate the rest of the cards with the design .
When you are finished , click the New Document button .
You 'll see a Synchronize Labels button floating in the window , but ignore it for now .
Go to Tools -> Options -> OpenOffice.org Writer ->
Grid , and select Visible Grid to give you guidelines for your design .
You should also adjust the horizontal and vertical grid to 1 - 4 points , so that the grid is useful in the small space of a business card .
Finally , select View -> Toolbars ->
Drawing so that you can add graphical text , which will be easier to use than regular text in your design .
As you will soon find , you are limited to adding material only to the first card in the upper left corner of the document .
For this reason , you can select View ->
Zoom to get a larger view of the first card until you are ready to populate the other cards with your design .
Design considerations
Business card layouts are an exercise in minimalist design .
With only six square inches in which to work , you have no space to waste .
For this reason , I suggest keeping the text on the front of the card to the minimum : your name , your company 's name , and your main email address and telephone , and , perhaps , a company or personal slogan .
If people really need more , you can always put it on the back of the card ( see below ) .
In this minimalist setting , you 'll find that the basic principles of design really come to your attention .
You 'll want contrast between your text and its background -- that is , dark text on a light background , or light text on a dark background .
Possibly , you will have room for a third main color -- but not more .
Your selection of colors may be determined by your company 's , but if your company 's colors were professionally selected , they probably provide a ready made contrast anyway .
You can apply the background by placing a rectangle of the proper color over the entire card .
You 'll want to place related items close together , which means that the card will have one to three blocks of text : all the information together ; your name and company in one block and your contact information in another , and possibly a third for a slogan .
Chances are , you 'll also want to give related text the same alignment , providing a visual clue for readers of your cards .
In your limited space , you also want to keep the design simple , using only one typeface , or possibly two .
If your company does n't already have a specific font that it uses in its advertising , a sans serif or slab serif will generally maximize readability on the card .
Whatever font you use , make sure that its size is at least 8 points , and 10 or 12 if possible .
Remember , too , that , the smaller the font size , the more space you need between lines for readability .
These are simple principles , but they are regularly ignored by beginning designers .
A surprising number of amateurs , for instance , think that putting one piece of contact information in each corner of the card is stylish .
The truth is , such a design is only cluttered and hard to read .
For visual content , an already - designed company logo , or one of your digital photos are good choices -- either ensures originality and avoids any potential licensing problems .
Another alternative is the Open Clip Art Library , or perhaps free - licensed photos from Flickr or another photo - sharing site .
If you have trouble deciding on an image , a texture -- a closeup of rock or fabric , for example , often gives an interesting background .
If necessary , you can use either OpenOffice.org Draw or the GIMP to edit the visual to suit .
Nowadays , an increasing number of cards are two - sided .
This practice has the advantage of allowing the front to focus on creating a visual impression with a minimum of text .
The back can be a reversal of the front 's foreground and background , and contain more detailed contact information than the front .
Another use of the back can be a form that allows recipients to quickly record where they met you and any actions they promised to undertake as the result of the meeting .
Create a separate page for the back , using the same technique as for the front .
These are the basic considerations for designing your card .
The rest is a matter of trial and error , of adding elements to the card and resizing and moving them about .
When you have added the lines in each text block using the Text tool on the Draw toolbar , you can select Format -> Group ->
Group to move all the lines of the block around together .
Do n't be surprised if getting a satisfactory design takes all evening , or even a couple of days of work .
Any design , especially a minimalist one , is more effort than it looks .
Producing your cards
When you are finished the design , click the floating Synchronize Labels button .
In a few seconds , the design on the first card will be replicated on all the others .
Whether you should print your cards yourself depends on the hardware you have on hand .
The ideal tools are a color laser print with duplex ( two - sided ) printing , although you might get by with an inkjet and -- assuming your blood pressure is healthy enough to withstand some frustrations -- manually feeding sheets of cards back into the printer for two - sided jobs .
For paper , avoid the actual sheets of cards sold by label makers .
If you compare these sheets with professional cards , they are far too thin to look professional even for a moment .
They also tend to show perforations on their edges .
Invest in a heavier card stock instead .
If you can afford to spend a couple of hundred dollars for printing , then consider using a professional printer .
To prepare your work for the printer , select File -> Export as PDF .
As you can see , even though Writer 's Business Card leaves a lot to be desired , you can sidestep its limitations to produce professional cards .
The hardest part is the design -- and , even there , Writer has the tools to complement your ingenuity and effort .
Talk of marijuana sparks lively debate
Posted Friday , October 24 , 2008 7:26 am
Do n't miss the big stories .
Like us on Facebook .
District Attorney David F. Capeless clashed with Whitney A. Taylor , campaign manager for " YES on Question 2 , " during a debate on the contentious topic at Berkshire Community College .
Voters will consider Question 2 , a binding referendum , when they go to the polls on Nov. 4 .
The measure would replace the state 's criminal penalties for possession of an ounce of pot or less with civil penalties , including a $ 100 fine for all offenders and mandatory drug education classes and community service for all minors .
Taylor and other Question 2 proponents say the goal is to keep people who are arrested for possessing small amounts of marijuana from acquiring criminal records , which could prevent them from getting jobs , housing or college loans .
But Capeless and the state 's other 10 district attorneys , all of whom oppose Question 2 , say an ounce of marijuana is not a small quantity of the drug , and passage of the measure would send the wrong message to commonwealth residents .
Taylor called Question 2 " a modest proposal " that would " end the arrest and booking process " for those caught with small amounts of pot .
The goal , she said , is to prevent the generation of a Criminal Offender Record Information report , or CORI , which can haunt people for the rest of their lives .
" We believe that for this single offense ... that punishment does not fit the crime , " she said .
Under current law , marijuana possession is punishable by fines of up to $ 500 and jail sentences of up to six months .
However , if the ballot measure passes , the crime would turn into a $ 100 civil fine .
Meanwhile , offenders under age 18 would be required to perform community service and to attend drug education classes .
Article Continues After Advertisement
Capeless said Question 2 is a first step toward decriminalizing marijuana , a gateway drug often linked to more serious crimes .
While marijuana use among teenagers has dropped over the past five years , Question 2 would buck that trend , according to Capeless .
" It sends the wrong message to our kids , " he said , adding that overall marijuana use has declined by 25 percent nationwide since 2002 .
Article Continues After These Ads
The district attorney predicted more young people would try the drug if Question 2 is approved .
An ounce of marijuana is equivalent to about 50 individual pot sales , or dozens of joints , according to law enforcement officials .
Taylor maintained that a person caught with a small amount of pot could face negative ramifications for years to come , particularly when it comes to finding employment .
But Capeless strongly refuted that claim , pointing out that the case of a first - time offender would be continued without a finding for six months .
At that point , the charge would be dismissed and the criminal record would be sealed , Capeless said .
Article Continues After Advertisement
" Sealed means sealed , " the district attorney said with emphasis , " and no CORI check will ever reveal that record . "
Capeless said the notion that a person will have a record that follows them through life is simply untrue .
No matter , Taylor said , " A piece of paper is spit out that says ' Sealed Record . ' "
And that , she said , could be bad enough for anyone looking for a job , a loan or an apartment .
Taylor claimed the state spends roughly $ 30 million annually in police resources to enforce current marijuana possession laws , funds that could be better spent combating violent crime .
Capeless and other law enforcement officials have questioned the veracity of that figure , noting that , in most cases , people who are incarcerated typically have multiple charges lodged against them , not merely a pot possession charge .
The debate was sponsored by the Berkshire Fatherhood Coalition and Berkshire Community College .
To reach Conor Berry : cberry@berkshireeagle.com ; ( 413 ) 496-6249 .
Regular readers know that we have been complaining loudly about the legal constraints on taking practical action against pirates .
The West , at least , is so caught up in figuring out what process is due to these barbaric thugs that it cannot come up with any solution other than paying the ransom .
See , for example , this story about Germany 's internal confusion about whether it can do a damned thing :
Just a few weeks before the EU anti-pirate mission is set to deploy , German officials are still unsure how much military force they are allowed to use against Somali raiders ....
On Wednesday , the Indian navy engaged in firefights with Somali pirate ships , sinking one .
That approach was given a hearty endorsement by the Saudi newspaper Arab News , which has called for an all - out declaration of war against the bandits .
For its part , the EU will begin its own military mission , dubbed " Atalanta , " in early December , designed to protect UN aid shipments set for Somalia .
German ships are slated to take part in that mission , but the extent of their participation is a hot topic of dispute in Berlin .
While UN diplomats have said that " Atalanta " is an unambiguously military operation with rules of engagement that allow for the chasing and attacking of pirate ships , the German government claims that it is bound by a treaty it signed in 1994 that strictly defines the scope of military encounters on the high seas .
According to the terms of that convention , German ships may have to wait until pirates openly demonstrate aggression before they 're permitted to act in self - defense ; and they may be required to cease their attacks as soon as pirates have gained control of another ship .
It sounds as though the Germans signed a really stupid treaty .
Then again , maybe this is not about international law at all .
After all , these limits sound a lot like the German rules of engagement in Afghanistan MORE ( Saturday morning ) : Michael Oren , author of , for my money , the most enthralling book about the Arab - Israeli conflict , has an outstanding article in this morning 's WSJ on " how to deal with pirates . "
Yes , he mentions William Eaton .
Who does not wish that we had a few dozen of him here in 2008 ?
CWCID : Jungle Trader
President George W. Bush on his way to announce the transfer of 14 terrorism suspects from previously secret C.I.A. prisons abroad to the detention center at Guantánamo Bay , September 6 , 2006 .
By Gerald Herbert / A.P. Photo. , From U.S. Central Command / A.P. Photo ( Zubaydah ) ; from A.P. Photo ( Sheikh Mohammed ) ; from Reuters / Landov ( Padilla ) ; from Press Association / A.P. Images ( Mohamed ) .
By the last days of March 2002 , more than six months after 9/11 , President George W. Bush ’s promise “ to hunt down and to find those folks who committed this act ” was starting to sound a little hollow .
True , Afghanistan had been invaded and the Taliban toppled from power .
But Osama bin Laden had vanished from the caves of Tora Bora , and none of his key al - Qaeda lieutenants were in U.S. captivity .
Intelligence about what the terrorists might be planning next was almost nonexistent .
“ The panic in the executive branch was palpable , ” recalls Mike Scheuer , the former C.I.A. official who set up and ran the agency ’s Alec Station , the unit devoted to tracking bin Laden .
Early in the morning of March 28 , in the moonlit police - barracks yard in Faisalabad , Pakistan , hopes were high that this worrisome intelligence deficit was about to be corrected .
Some 300 armed personnel waited in silence : 10 three - man teams of Americans , drawn equally from the C.I.A. and the F.B.I. , together with much greater numbers from Pakistan ’s police force and Inter - services Intelligence ( ISI ) .
In order to maximize their chances of surprise , they planned to hit 10 addresses simultaneously .
One of them , they believed , was a safe house containing a man whose name had been familiar to U.S. analysts for years : Zayn al - Abidin Muhammad Hussein , a 30 - year - old Saudi Arabian better known as Abu Zubaydah .
“ I ’d followed him for a decade , ” Scheuer says .
“ If there was one guy you could call a ‘ hub , ’ he was it . ”
The plan called for the police to go in first , followed by the Americans and ISI men , whose job would be to gather laptops , documents , and other physical evidence .
A few moments before three a.m. , the crackle of gunfire erupted .
Abu Zubaydah had been shot and wounded , but was alive and in custody .
As those who had planned it had hoped , his capture was to prove an epochal event — but in ways they had not envisaged .
Four months after Abu Zubaydah ’s capture , two lawyers from the Department of Justice , John Yoo and Jay Bybee , delivered their notorious memo on torture , which stated that coercive treatment that fell short of causing suffering equivalent to the pain of organ failure or death was not legally torture , an analysis that — as far as the U.S. government was concerned — sanctioned the abusive treatment of detainees at the C.I.A. ’s secret prisons and at Guantánamo Bay .
But , as Jane Mayer writes in her recent book , The Dark Side ( Doubleday ) , Abu Zubaydah had been subjected to coercive interrogation techniques well before that , becoming the first U.S. prisoner in the Global War on Terror to undergo waterboarding .
David Rose on Guantánamo Bay ( January 2004 ) .
More articles by David Rose .
The case of Abu Zubaydah is a suitable place to begin answering some pressing but little - considered questions .
Putting aside all legal and ethical issues ( not to mention the P.R. ramifications ) , does such treatment — categorized unhesitatingly by the International Committee of the Red Cross as torture — actually work , in the sense of providing reliable , actionable intelligence ?
Is it superior to other interrogation methods , and if they had the choice , free of moral qualms or the fear of prosecution , would interrogators use it freely ?
President Bush has said it works extremely well , insisting it has been a vital weapon in America ’s counterterrorist arsenal .
Vice President Dick Cheney and C.I.A. director Michael Hayden have made similar assertions .
In fact , time and again , Bush has been given opportunities to distance his administration from the use of coercive methods but has stood steadfastly by their use .
His most detailed exposition came in a White House announcement on September 6 , 2006 , when he said such tactics had led to the capture of top al - Qaeda operatives and had thwarted a number of planned attacks , including plots to strike U.S. Marines in Djibouti , fly planes into office towers in London , and detonate a radioactive “ dirty ” bomb in America .
“ Were it not for this program , our intelligence community believes that al - Qaeda and its allies would have succeeded in launching another attack against the American homeland .
By giving us information about terrorist plans we could not get anywhere else , this program has saved innocent lives . ”
Really ?
In researching this article , I spoke to numerous counterterrorist officials from agencies on both sides of the Atlantic .
Their conclusion is unanimous : not only have coercive methods failed to generate significant and actionable intelligence , they have also caused the squandering of resources on a massive scale through false leads , chimerical plots , and unnecessary safety alerts — with Abu Zubaydah ’s case one of the most glaring examples .
Here , they say , far from exposing a deadly plot , all torture did was lead to more torture of his supposed accomplices while also providing some misleading “ information ” that boosted the administration ’s argument for invading Iraq .
Everything that was to go wrong with the interrogation of Abu Zubaydah flowed from a first , fatal misjudgment .
Although his name had long been familiar to the C.I.A. , that did not make him an operational terrorist planner or , as Bush put it in September 2006 , “ a senior terrorist leader and a trusted associate of Osama bin Laden . ”
Instead , Scheuer says , he was “ the main cog in the way they organized , ” a point of contact for Islamists from many parts of the globe seeking combat training in the Afghan camps .
However , only a tiny percentage would ever be tapped for recruitment by al - Qaeda .
According to Scheuer , Abu Zubaydah “ never swore bayat [ al - Qaeda ’s oath of allegiance ] to bin Laden , ” and the enemy he focused on was Israel , not the U.S. After Abu Zubaydah ’s capture , Dan Coleman , an F.B.I. counterterrorist veteran , had the job of combing through Abu Zubaydah ’s journals and other documents seized from his Faisalabad safe house .
He confirms Scheuer ’s assessment .
“ Abu Zubaydah was like a receptionist , like the guy at the front desk here , ” says Coleman , gesturing toward the desk clerk in the lobby of the Virginia hotel where we have met .
“ He takes their papers , he sends them out .
It ’s an important position , but he ’s not recruiting or planning . ”
It was also significant that he was not well versed in al - Qaeda ’s tight internal - security methods :
“ That was why his name had been cropping up for years . ”
Declassified reports of legal interviews with Abu Zubaydah at his current residence , Guantánamo Bay , suggest that he lacked the capacity to do much more .
In the early 1990s , fighting in the Afghan civil war that followed the Soviet withdrawal , he was injured so badly that he could not speak for almost two years .
“ I tried to become al - Qaeda , ” Abu Zubaydah told his lawyer , Brent Mickum , “ but they said , ‘ No , you are illiterate and ca n’t even remember how to shoot . ’” Coleman found Abu Zubaydah ’s diary to be startlingly useless .
“ There ’s nothing in there that refers to anything outside his head , not even when he saw something on the news , not about any al - Qaeda attack , not even 9/11 , ” he says .
“ All it does is reveal someone in torment .
Based on what I saw of his personality , he could not be what they say he was . ”
In May 2008 , a report by Glenn Fine , the Department of Justice inspector general , stated that , as he recovered in the hospital from the bullet wounds sustained when he was captured , Abu Zubaydah began to cooperate with two F.B.I. agents .
It was a promising start , but “ within a few days , ” wrote Fine , he was handed over to the C.I.A. , whose agents soon reported that he was providing only “ throw - away information ” and that , according to Fine , they “ needed to diminish his capacity to resist . ”
His new interrogators continued to question him by very different means at so - called black - site prisons in Thailand and Eastern Europe .
They were determined to prove he was much more important than the innkeeper of a safe house .
Bush discussed Abu Zubaydah ’s treatment in his 2006 announcement .
“ As his questioning proceeded , it became clear that he had received training on how to resist interrogation .
And so the C.I.A. used an alternative set of procedures … .
The procedures were tough , and they were safe , and lawful , and necessary . ”
Soon , Bush went on , Abu Zubaydah “ began to provide information on key al - Qaeda operatives , including information that helped us find and capture more of those responsible for the attacks on September 11 . ”
Among them , Bush said , were Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , the alleged 9/11 mastermind , and his fellow conspirator Ramzi Binalshibh .
In fact , Binalshibh was not arrested for another six months and K.S.M. not for another year .
In K.S.M.’s case , the lead came from an informant motivated by a $ 25 million reward .
As for K.S.M. himself , who ( as Jane Mayer writes ) was waterboarded , reportedly hung for hours on end from his wrists , beaten , and subjected to other agonies for weeks , Bush said he provided “ many details of other plots to kill innocent Americans . ”
K.S.M. was certainly knowledgeable .
It would be surprising if he gave up nothing of value .
But according to a former senior C.I.A. official , who read all the interrogation reports on K.S.M. , “ 90 percent of it was total fucking bullshit . ”
A former Pentagon analyst adds : “ K.S.M. produced no actionable intelligence .
He was trying to tell us how stupid we were . ”
It is , perhaps , a little late , more than six years after detainees began to be interrogated at Guantánamo Bay and at the C.I.A. ’s black - site prisons , to be asking whether torture works .
Yet according to numerous C.I.A. and F.B.I. officials interviewed for this article , at the time this question really mattered , in the months after 9/11 , no one seriously addressed it .
Those who advocated a policy that would lead America to deploy methods it had always previously abhorred simply assumed they would be worthwhile .
Non-governmental advocates of torture , such as the Harvard legal scholar Alan Dershowitz , have emphasized the “ ticking bomb ” scenario : the hypothetical circumstance when only torture will make the captured terrorist reveal where he — or his colleagues — has planted the timed nuclear device .
Inside the C.I.A. , says a retired senior officer who was privy to the agency ’s internal debate , there was hardly any argument about the value of coercive methods :
“ Nobody in intelligence believes in the ticking bomb .
It ’s just a way of framing the debate for public consumption .
That is not an intelligence reality . ”
There is , alas , no shortage of evidence from earlier times that torture produces bad intelligence .
“ It is incredible what people say under the compulsion of torture , ” wrote the German Jesuit Friedrich von Spee in 1631 , “ and how many lies they will tell about themselves and about others ; in the end , whatever the torturers want to be true , is true . ”
The unreliability of intelligence acquired by torture was taken as a given in the early years of the C.I.A. , whose 1963 kubark interrogation manual stated : “ Intense pain is quite likely to produce false confessions , concocted as a means of escaping from distress .
A time - consuming delay results , while investigation is conducted and the admissions are proven untrue .
During this respite the interrogatee can pull himself together .
He may even use the time to think up new , more complex ‘ admissions ’ that take still longer to disprove . ”
A 1957 study by Albert Biderman , an Air Force sociologist , described how brainwashing had been achieved by depriving prisoners of sleep , exposing them to cold , and forcing them into agonizing “ stress positions ” for long periods .
In July 2008 , The New York Times reported that Biderman ’s work formed the basis of a 2002 interrogators ’ training class at Guantánamo Bay .
That the methods it described had once been used to generate Communist propaganda had apparently been forgotten .
Experience derived from 1990s terrorism cases also casts doubt on torture ’s value .
For example , in March 1993 , F.B.I. agents flew to Cairo to take charge of an Egyptian named Mahmud Abouhalima , who would be convicted for having bombed the World Trade Center a month earlier .
Abouhalima had already been tortured by Egyptian intelligence agents for 10 days , and had the wounds to prove it .
As U.S. investigators should have swiftly realized , his statements in Egypt were worthless , among them claims that the bombing was sponsored by Iranian businessmen , although , apparently , their sworn enemy , Iraq , had also played a part .
In the fall of 2001 , publications such as Newsweek , The Washington Post , and The Wall Street Journal ran articles suggesting torture might be essential to prevent further attacks .
All cited the case of Abdul Hakim Murad , a Pakistani terrorist in possession of explosives arrested in the Philippines in January 1995 , who was later convicted in New York .
According to Dershowitz , his coerced confessions about the “ Bojinka ” plot , to blow up 11 airliners over the Pacific , supported the claim that “ torture sometimes does work and can sometimes prevent major disasters . ”
Murad was certainly tortured .
At his trial in 1996 , transcripts of his interrogation by the Philippines National Police contained pauses and gasps , which his lawyer claimed were the result of his enduring a procedure much like waterboarding .
But did it really pay intelligence dividends ?
With Murad ’s arrest , the plot was blown .
As Professor Stephanie Athey of Lasell College noted in a 2007 article , Dershowitz ’s claim that the torture prevented a major disaster is false .
A computer seized in Murad ’s apartment held details of the flights he planned to attack , detonator - timer settings , and photos of some of his co-conspirators , together with their aliases , so enabling their subsequent arrest .
It was this , Mike Scheuer says , not Murad ’s interrogation , that provided more useful intelligence .
Equally significant was what Murad did n’t give up under torture .
Bojinka was partly the brainchild of none other than Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , later alleged to be the chief planner of 9/11 .
He had been living in the Philippines , but apparently Murad said nothing that might have helped his interrogators find him : he was not captured until 2003 .
On April 10 , 2002 , 13 days after Abu Zubaydah ’s capture , in Faisalabad , a 23 - year - old Ethiopian named Binyam Mohamed was detained at the airport in Karachi , Pakistan , attempting to board a flight to London , where he had been living for seven years .
Information about the case drawn up by the British security service M.I.5 , and obtained by Vanity Fair , suggests that if Mohamed was a terrorist his tradecraft was unimpressive : he was stopped because he was using a passport that obviously belonged to someone else , his friend Fouad Zouaoui — the second time that Mohamed had tried to leave Pakistan on Zouaoui ’s papers .
He also had a heroin problem .
In notes by his attorney , Clive Stafford Smith , made from days of interviews with him at Guantánamo , the picture that emerges is one more of naïveté than wickedness .
He said he went to Pakistan , and then Afghanistan , in June 2001 , partly because he wanted to kick his drug habit ( arguably , the world ’s biggest source of opium was not an ideal place ) and partly to ascertain whether Taliban - controlled Afghanistan was a “ good Islamic country . ”
In any event , there is no dispute that he fled across the border into Pakistan as soon as he could after 9/11 .
The first 10 days of Mohamed ’s detention , at Landi prison , near Karachi , were not , on his account , comfortable , but he was not tortured or abused .
But after he was moved to a Pakistani security jail , around April 20 , he began to be abused .
A few days later , when he was questioned for the first time by U.S. agents , his treatment worsened dramatically .
“ They seemed to think I was some kind of top al - Qaeda person , ” Mohamed said .
“ How ?
It was less than six months since I converted to Islam , and before that I was using drugs ! ”
After the Americans ’ visit , Mohamed said , he was hung by his wrists for hours on end , so that his feet barely touched the ground .
Suspended thus , he said , he was beaten regularly by Pakistani guards .
He said he was also threatened with a gun .
U.S. interest in Mohamed appears to have been triggered by an unlucky coincidence .
It so happened that in the period in early April before Abu Zubaydah ’s torture began , when he was starting to cooperate with the F.B.I. , he gave up the name of one of those who had passed through his safe house en route to an Afghan camp — that of Jose Padilla , a former Chicago gang member .
“ He probably remembered Padilla because he was a U.S. citizen , and that was rare , ” says the former F.B.I. al - Qaeda specialist Dan Coleman .
Mohamed has maintained that if he had ever met Padilla it would have been a fleeting , chance encounter , perhaps when they both fled Afghanistan , and he has no memory of it .
But the first time Mohamed tried to fly to London via Zurich , around April 4 , Padilla was booked on the same flight .
Their ultimate destinations were different : Padilla planned to spend time in Egypt before returning to Chicago .
But the fact they were starting their journeys together , says an F.B.I. agent who attended official briefings about the case , convinced American agencies that they shared some joint purpose .
“ It was simply that — flight coincidence , ” he says .
“ I never saw any evidence that Padilla and Mohamed met . ”
By late April , Abu Zubaydah was being tortured and giving up details of a plot that sounded truly terrifying : a plan for Padilla to build and detonate a radioactive dirty bomb in America .
But even at the outset , some who worked in U.S. counterterrorism were skeptical .
“ If there is a dirty bomb , you ’d better take it seriously , because as bad as 9/11 was , a dirty bomb would be a hundred times worse , ” says the former F.B.I. agent who attended the case briefings .
“ It was clear that Padilla had some form of training , that he was a sympathizer .
But to claim he really had a plan to do a dirty bomb ?
That ’s tough .
You show me he knew how to go and get it .
That he knew how to make it .
They never had that . ”
Convinced that the dirty - bomb plot was real , those interrogating Binyam Mohamed assumed that he must be part of it , and if he could not fill in missing details , he must have been covering up .
Agents such as the F.B.I. ’s Jack Cloonan , who spent years fighting al - Qaeda before his retirement in 2002 , had learned that it had an impressive “ quality - control system , ” which meant “ they looked for people with the right makeup , they did their own due diligence , and they would not pick weak guys ” — not , typically , heroin addicts .
But no one was listening to these agents .
M.I.5 seems to have shared the C.I.A. ’s groupthink .
Sources in London say that its agents also assumed that anything Mohamed said to try to defend himself must be a lie .
One admission he did make was that he had seen a Web site with instructions on how to make a hydrogen bomb , but he was apparently claiming it was a joke .
The intelligence agencies believed this was a smoking gun , notwithstanding Mohamed ’s bizarre statement that the instructions included mixing bleach with uranium - 238 in a bucket and rotating it around one ’s head for 45 minutes .
Neither the British nor the Americans thought Mohamed ’s claim that the Web site was a joke was credible : his “ confession ” to reading instructions about building nuclear weapons on the Internet was cited in Mohamed ’s Guantánamo charge sheet .
Yet it was a joke : such a Web site , with instructions about how to refine bomb - grade uranium with bleach and a bucket , has been doing the rounds on the World Wide Web since at least 1994 .
In 2005 , the conservative columnist Michelle Malkin cited it in her blog as evidence of al - Qaeda ’s deadly intentions .
She was swiftly disabused by readers , who , unlike the C.I.A. and M.I.5 , immediately recognized it as satire .
But even M.I.5 could n’t help but notice “ glaring inconsistencies ” among the different accounts of the plot being given by those getting interrogated .
And instead of asking whether the plot was real , the investigators seem to have assumed that the different accounts of those being interrogated were merely an attempt to protect al - Qaeda operations .
Clive Stafford Smith believes that the weakness of the dirty - bomb charge against Padilla may well explain what happened to Binyam Mohamed : “ Maybe what they were trying to do was turn him into a prosecution witness . ”
After all , he had already confessed in Pakistan , under torture that had been , in comparison with what was to come , relatively mild .
But on July 21 , 2002 , as the plane ’s flight log later confirmed , he was flown aboard a Gulfstream V jet chartered by the C.I.A. to Rabat , in Morocco .
There he was to spend the next 18 months .
With the help of Stafford Smith , he later assembled a diary describing his treatment there .
Amid numerous beatings in Rabat , Mohamed wrote , “ They ’d ask me a question .
I ’d say one thing .
They ’d say it was a lie .
I ’d say another .
They ’d say it was a lie .
I could not work out what they wanted to hear . ”
He also said the Moroccans repeatedly cut his chest and genitals with a razor .
Finally he was subjected to further harsh treatment in the “ Dark Prison ” near Kabul , Afghanistan , after being spirited away on another C.I.A. flight in January 2004 .
After another nine months , he was brought to Guantánamo , where he remains .
He filed a habeas corpus lawsuit in federal court in the District of Columbia , a claim that there was no credible reason for his continued detention , and in its attempt to defend this , the administration in October 2008 dropped all mention of the dirty - bomb plot .
In Guantánamo ’s parallel quasi-legal world of military commissions , where the rules make it much harder to exclude evidence derived from torture , the Pentagon in May 2008 issued a charge sheet against Mohamed .
It said that having trained in various al - Qaeda camps and taken instruction from bin Laden , Mohamed “ reviewed technical information concerning the construction of an improvised radioactive bomb ” with K.S.M. and decided with Padilla to detonate one in America .
In October , the charges were withdrawn , after the prosecutor , Lieutenant Colonel Darrel Vandeveld , resigned .
Later he told the BBC he had concerns at the repeated suppression of evidence that could prove prisoners ’ innocence .
Meanwhile , as of December 2008 , Mohamed ’s lawyers were fighting separate court cases to force the U.S. government in Washington and the British government in London to disclose all the information they have about Mohamed ’s treatment .
( Coincidentally , my sister , Dinah Rose , Q.C. , is representing Mohamed in the London case . )
Stafford Smith is bound by Draconian restrictions that prevent him from offering any but the blandest comments about the evidence in his client ’s case .
He says , “ I know of no evidence against him other than his own confessions , all of which are the bitter fruit of his abuse . ”
“ There was no dirty - bomb plot .
I ’m sure it was just Abu Zubaydah trying to get them excited , ” says the F.B.I. ’s Dan Coleman .
“ There ’s never been any corroboration except the confessions of Binyam Mohamed under torture .
No one was willing to take their time . ”
But , in the words of the former C.I.A. official Mike Scheuer , “ That dirty - bomb business put the fear of God into these people in the administration . ”
As a result , he says , “ they may well have sent Binyam Mohamed somewhere where the authorities would do things we would n’t — or could n’t . ”
On June 10 , 2002 , then attorney general John Ashcroft interrupted a visit to Moscow to speak to reporters : “ I am pleased to announce today a significant step forward in the war on terrorism .
We have captured a known terrorist who was exploring a plan to build and explode a radiological dispersion device , or ‘ dirty bomb , ’ in the United States . ”
He meant Jose Padilla , who had been arrested as he flew into Chicago on May 8 .
The president , Ashcroft said , had designated Padilla an “ enemy combatant , ” and he had been removed from civilian custody to a navy brig .
In due course , Ashcroft said , he would be tried by a military commission .
“ Let me be clear : we know from multiple independent and corroborating sources that Abdullah Al Mujahir [ Padilla ’s nom de guerre ] was closely associated with al - Qaeda and that … he was involved in planning future terrorist attacks on innocent American civilians in the United States , ” Ashcroft said .
Had his dirty bomb gone off , it could have caused “ mass death and injury . ”
The shakiness of Ashcroft ’s “ multiple independent and corroborating sources ” claim was demonstrated by an affidavit from an F.B.I. agent , Joe Ennis , in support of Padilla ’s detention .
Referring to Binyam Mohamed as “ Subject - 1 , ” it said that his “ wife ” had told law - enforcement authorities that he “ would often become emotional and cry when he discussed his willingness to die for his God . ”
Strangely enough , Mohamed was and remains unmarried .
Mohamed , the affidavit said , “ has not been completely candid about his association with Al Qaeda , and his own terrorist activities , ” and was trying to “ mislead or confuse U.S. law enforcement . ”
But it was clear that after weeks of abuse he had started to crack .
According to Ennis , he had already told his interrogators that he and Padilla had “ researched the construction of a uranium - enhanced explosive device ” ; that Padilla had been to meetings with al - Qaeda officials ; and that he believed Padilla had been ordered to return to America .
In the brig , Padilla ’s attorneys claimed , he too was tortured .
He was deprived of all contact with the outside world for two and a half years , and , according to one court filing , “ He would be shackled and manacled , with a belly chain , for hours in his cell .
Noxious fumes would be introduced to his room causing his eyes and nose to run .
The temperature of his cell would be manipulated , making the cell extremely cold for long stretches of time . ”
Chained in agonizing “ stress positions ” repeatedly , he was also allegedly “ threatened with imminent execution . …
Often he had to endure multiple interrogators who would scream , shake , and otherwise assault [ him ] . ”
The government did not deny these assertions , only the claim that they amounted to torture .
Donna Newman , Padilla ’s attorney before he was taken to the brig , says that afterward “ he was not the same person .
Beforehand , he was engaged in his case ; he asked pertinent questions .
When I saw him again , he hardly said a word .
He had no interest in what was happening , even though his case was nearing the Supreme Court . ”
Under this pressure , Padilla produced ever more elaborate confessions .
Former deputy attorney general James Comey said in June 2004 that Padilla spoke of discussing the dirty bomb with Khalid Sheikh Mohammed , of an instruction from K.S.M. to blow up apartments by filling them with gas and igniting it , and of a dinner party with Binyam Mohamed , K.S.M. , and al - Qaeda bigwigs the night before he left Pakistan .
Very senior officials had a lot invested in Padilla .
But in November 2005 , three days before the Justice Department was to file a brief before the Supreme Court in response to his lawyers ’ claim that his treatment was unconstitutional , the administration returned him to civilian custody .
With all mention of the dirty - bomb plot deleted , he stood trial in Florida on far less serious charges of conspiracy to murder , maim , and kidnap , and providing material support to terrorist organizations , and in January 2008 he was sentenced to 17 years and four months in prison .
“ The dirty - bomb plot was simply not credible , ” Jack Cloonan says .
“ The government would never have given up that case if there was any hint of credibility to it .
Padilla did n’t stand trial for it , because there was no evidence to support it . ”
On March 27 , 2007 , Abu Zubaydah was able to make a rare public statement , at a “ Combatant Status - Review Tribunal ” at Guantánamo — a military hearing convened to determine whether he should continue to be detained .
Everything he said about the details of his treatment was redacted from the unclassified record .
But a few relevant remarks remain : “ I was nearly before half die plus [ because ] what they do [ to ] torture me .
There I was not afraid from die because I do believe I will be shahid [ martyr ] , but as God make me as a human and I weak , so they say yes , I say okay , I do I do , but leave me .
They say no , we do n’t want to .
You to admit you do this , we want you to give us more information … they want what ’s after more information about more operations , so I can ’t .
They keep torturing me . ”
The tribunal president , a colonel whose name is redacted , asked him : “ So I understand that during this treatment , you said things to make them stop and then those statements were actually untrue , is that correct ? ”
Abu Zubaydah replied : “ Yes . ” Some of those statements , say two senior intelligence analysts who worked on them at the time , concerned the issue that in the spring of 2002 interested the Bush administration more than almost any other — the supposed operational relationship between al - Qaeda and Iraq .
Given his true position in the jihadist hierarchy , Abu Zubaydah “ would not have known that if it was true , ” says Coleman .
“ But you can lead people down a course and make them say anything . ”
Some of what he did say was leaked by the administration : for example , the claim that bin Laden and his ally Abu Musab al - Zarqawi were working directly with Saddam Hussein to destabilize the autonomous Kurdish region in northern Iraq .
There was much more , says the analyst who worked at the Pentagon : “ I first saw the reports soon after Abu Zubaydah ’s capture .
There was a lot of stuff about the nuts and bolts of al - Qaeda ’s supposed relationship with the Iraqi Intelligence Service .
The intelligence community was lapping this up , and so was the administration , obviously .
Abu Zubaydah was saying Iraq and al - Qaeda had an operational relationship .
It was everything the administration hoped it would be . ”
Within the administration , Abu Zubaydah ’s interrogation was “ an important chapter , ” the second analyst says : overall , his interrogation “ product ” was deemed to be more significant than the claims made by Ibn al - Shaykh al - Libi , another al - Qaeda captive , who in early 2002 was tortured in Egypt at the C.I.A. ’s behest .
After all , Abu Zubaydah was being interviewed by Americans .
Like the former Pentagon official , this official had no idea that Abu Zubaydah had been tortured .
“ As soon as I learned that the reports had come from torture , once my anger had subsided I understood the damage it had done , ” the Pentagon analyst says .
“ I was so angry , knowing that the higher - ups in the administration knew he was tortured , and that the information he was giving up was tainted by the torture , and that it became one reason to attack Iraq . ”
One result of Abu Zubaydah ’s torture was that the F.B.I. ’s assistant director for counterterrorism , Pasquale D’Amuro , persuaded Director Robert Mueller that the bureau should play no part in future C.I.A. interrogations that used extreme techniques forbidden by the F.B.I .
The Justice Department ’s Glenn Fine indicated in a statement before the U.S. Senate that the main reason was that the agency ’s techniques would “ not be effective in obtaining accurate information . ”
If torture does n’t work , what does ?
The evidence suggests that when the Bush administration decided to ignore many of America ’s most experienced counterterrorist agents and go for torture in 2001 and 2002 , it shut down rich sources of intelligence .
In the biggest terrorist case of the 1990s , the bombings of the U.S. Embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998 that killed more than 220 people , the F.B.I. ’s Cloonan and his colleagues were able to persuade three of the main conspirators not only to talk to them but also to give prosecution testimony in court .
Here Morocco , the U.S. ally where Binyam Mohamed was sent to be tortured in 2002 , provided assistance of a very different order .
Eighteen months after the attacks , Cloonan traced L’Houssaine Kherchtou , also known as Joe the Moroccan , an al - Qaeda operative who had played a key role , to his hiding place , in Sudan .
The Moroccans concocted a story to lure him home , and when he arrived in Rabat he was arrested .
Cloonan says , “ We all went to a beautiful safe house outside of town , with gazelles bouncing around in the grounds and three solid meals fit for a king each day .
We all sat on sofas in a big room — me , Ali Soufan [ an F.B.I. colleague ] , Pat Fitzgerald [ the U.S. attorney then in charge of a special counterterrorist section in New York ] , a C.I.A. guy , and two Moroccan colonels .
The Moroccans said he ’d never talk .
He never shut up for 10 days . ”
Cloonan had done his homework : “ His wife needed money for medical treatment in Khartoum , and al - Qaeda had failed to provide it . ”
That gave Cloonan his “ in . ”
The intelligence Kherchtou provided , at a time when U.S. knowledge about al - Qaeda was still perfunctory , was invaluable .
“ He told us about a lot of things , ” says Cloonan .
“ We learned how they recruited people , their front organizations , how they used NGOs , false passports , what they thought about kidnapping , how they developed targets , did their surveillance , a day in the life of Osama bin Laden , what weapons they used , what vehicles they drove , who was the principal liaison with the Sudanese government , that there was a relationship between al - Qaeda and Hezbollah , how they did their training exercises , their finances , and their membership . ”
Finally Fitzgerald offered Kherchtou a deal : if he came to New York , pleaded guilty , and testified against the bombers , Fitzgerald would ask the judge to treat him leniently .
At first , it looked as if he was going to turn it down .
Then , Cloonan says , “ I said , ‘ Joe , you understand English , so I ’d like you to go out and pray on this with your two Moroccan brothers . ’
I thought Fitzy was going to give birth .
Joe went out and prayed and came back and said yes . ”
Kherchtou is now in the federal witness - protection program .
Thanks in part to his testimony , four of his onetime associates are serving life .
The temporary defeat of the ‘ Toxic waste plan ’ may push Cbanks towards slashing simultaneously global borrowing costs .
Political jockeying at the Ã¢â‚¬ËœhouseÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ has pushed global capital markets to within an inch of committing Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœHari KariÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ .
The US $ is stronger in the O/N trading session .
Currently it is higher against 13 of the 16 most actively traded currencies , in another Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœvolatileÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ trading range .
US lawmakers and political lobbyists have their work cut out to get a $ 700 b US financial aid package through the House of Representatives ( a month before congressional elections ) after failing its first - go - around yesterday afternoon .
The US capital market rot has not been contained and is beginning to spread like an epidemic throughout other global economies .
The credit squeeze is in fear of bursting out and becoming deep rooted in the Euro - zone as well .
Yesterday , in response to continued strains in short - term funding markets , a well orchestrated and coordinated move by Cbanks was initiated .
They announced further actions to expand significantly the capacity to provide US dollar liquidity .
They will continue to work closely together and are prepared to take whatever steps are required to address funding pressures .
The Fed announced yesterday several initiatives to support financial stability and to maintain a stable flow of credit to the appropriate economies during this historical period of significant strain in global markets .
They will increase TAF ( Term Auction facilities ) notional values , introduce forward TAF auctions and increase SWAP authorization with various Cbanks .
They will continue to tinker and adapt these liquidity facilities as long as the credit crisis deems it necessary .
Europe is playing catch up to the US financial debacle ; the idea of it being contained to just the US economy is now a mere Ã¢â‚ ¬ ËœmythÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢.
Interest rate observes believe that the ECB could Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœslashÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ borrowing costs immediately ( 4.25 % ) while the Fed can probably still hold off ( 2.00 % ) , but a no vote in the house of representatives for the financial bail - out package has Paulson vowing to use all Ã¢â‚ ¬Ë œthe tools at his disposalÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ to protect financial markets .
Futures traders have aggressively priced in a 50 bp cut sooner rather than later ( even between meetings ) .
PIMCO ’s Bill Gross believes over the next 24 h we will see high quality rates come down , with the potential for a Cbank ease , possibly on a global basis .
Economic activity is collapsing in Europe faster than that of the US .
The German IFO index is at a 15 - year low and export orders have fallen for the 8th consecutive month ( Germany is EuropeÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s largest economy ) .
The bailing - out of Fortis , Bradford and Bingley is strong evidence that the US financial crisis has infiltrated Europe .
Worse still , Trichet and his policy makers do not have the bailout authority similar to that of Bernanke or Paulson .
Its worth noting that the proposed Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœtoxic waste planÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ that was voted down yesterday addressed several key concerns raised by both Democrats and Republicans .
The government was to release the money in tranches ( $ 250 b straight away , $ 100 b at the request of the White House and Congress will veto the release of the remaining ) .
Banks that accepted bail - out money would have to hand over equity in return ( tax payers will benefit from the banks ’ recovery ) .
Finance executives would see total compensation limited , thus , no Ã¢â‚ ¬ Ëœgolden parachutesÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ .
The Financial industry was to have helped finance the bail - out if the money could not be recovered from the Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœstruggling banksÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ themselves .
Four agencies are expected to monitor the deal ; including an independent Inspector General and a bi-partisan oversight board ( Fed renews its neutral non-political bias ) .
Banks would be obliged to join an insurance program to protect themselves against losses of mortgage - backed securities .
How are US lawmakers and political lobbyists to tweak the plan now to push through the house ?
Next vote is to come as early as tomorrow .
The US$ currently is higher against the EUR - 0.40 % , GBP - 0.00 % , CHF - 0.80 % and JPY - 0.86 % .
The commodity currencies are mixed this morning , CAD - 0.01 % and AUD +0.39 % .
The loonie remained under pressure yesterday and declined the most in nearly a month as the greenback managed to appreciate against most of its major trading partners .
With crude prices falling 9 % , also managed to lend a hand to the CAD $ decline .
The ongoing global credit squeeze has investors shying away from riskier growth currencies like the loonie .
Capital market remains focused on the US financial aid package progress through both US houses before it becomes written in law .
US law makers are going back to the drawing board and are looking to amend a Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœset of principlesÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ for a financial rescue plan to inject fresh capital into the paralyzed credit markets .
Despite the US being CanadaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s largest trading partner ( 75 % of all exports head south of the border ) , the currency had appreciated + 1.5 % last week vs. the greenback , but now is expected to remain under short term pressure .
Capital markets believe Ã¢â‚ ¬ËœaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ plan will stabilize the US economy , but weaker global fundamentals will dictate stagnant growth , which will surely hinder the performance of commodity currencies in the short term .
The bulls will have to wait until the financial aid package is passed before the loonie has any short term hope of appreciating .
Governor Carney last week indicated that any further slowdown in the US economy will affect areas that matter most to Canada .
He is confident that domestic banks are Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœfaring well amid the crisisÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ , but , expects demand for Canada ’s products to drop more than anticipated and inflation to slow .
This should give Governor Carney the latitude to ease O/N borrowing costs ( 3.00 % ) by year end , as the downside risks for slower growth will intensify .
Expect traders to be better sellers of the CAD $ on USD $ pull backs in the short term until proven wrong .
Despite the AUD dollar advancing in the O/N sessions on the back of higher gold prices ( 0.8078 ) , traders expect the currency to underperform vs. the greenback in the short term .
When the US financial aid package is finally voted through , its objective is to instill confidence in both the US currency and the US financial system .
This of course will take some time before it filtrates through capital markets .
World economies remain weak and this does not bode well for commodity currencies .
Traders have increased their bets that the RBA will cut O/N borrowing costs ( 7.00 % ) next month by 50 bp , to encourage banks to boost lending amid a global credit freeze rather than hoarding cash .
Crude is lower O/N ( $ 96.13 down - 24 c ) .
Crude oil fell the most in nearly 7 - years yesterday ( - 9.9 % ) after the US House of Representatives rejected the $ 700b financial - rescue plan .
Despite a rescue package being hastily tabled and voted on , itÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s back to the drawing board to woo an extra 24 members to vote the package through ( expected by Wed ) .
Fundamental concerns look to keep pressure on the Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœblack stuffÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ prices this week .
The global economy remains very fragile , economic activity in Europe seems to be collapsing faster than in the US .
The bail - out package does not guarantee that there will be no more bank runs or that the US economy will recover anytime soon .
President Bush said the legislation Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœwill help keep the crisis in the financial system from spreading throughout the whole economy Ã¢â‚¬â „ ¢.
Bank bailouts in Europe ( Fortis in Belgium and Bradford & Bingley in the UK ) have pressurized the EUR and Sterling respectively .
By default , it has created a stronger USD , which makes commodities more expensive for investors outside the US , thus weakening demand .
On Friday a poll indicated that over 48 % of market analysts expected crude prices to retreat this week , on concerns that US fuel consumption will weaken because of lower economic growth .
Capital markets still wait for the plan to be vetoed by all .
Fundamentals are expected to kick in after last FridayÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s negative US data .
With the sales of new homes in the US falling to a 17 - year low , combined with orders for durable goods falling more than forecasted , has provided further proof that economic issues will once again weigh on the market .
ItÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s only a matter of time before the global economic slowdown spreads further afield ( China , India ) and cut consumption even more .
Gold remains better bid ( $ 900 ) as traders seek the sanctuary of a safe heaven asset class .
The ongoing global credit squeeze has heightened the desirability of the Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœyellow metalÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ as an alternative investment vehicle .
The Nikkei closed at 11,259 down - 483 .
The DAX index in Europe was at 5,752 down – 52 ; the FTSE ( UK ) currently is 4,799 down - 19 .
The early call for the open of key US indices is higher .
10 - year Treasury yields collapsed 26 bp ( 3.66 % ) yesterday and are little changed O/N .
The Treasury yield curve remains better bid after Citigroup with the aid of FDIC seized control of WachoviaÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢s banking group ( 5th largest in the US ) , thus averting the total collapse of the US financial system .
The Ã¢â‚ ¬Ëœtoxic waste disposal planÃ¢â‚¬â „ ¢ being voted down had investors scrambling and seeking the shelter of a safe heaven asset class .
The one - two combination of surety of funds and a global slowdown has traders selling global equities as the credit crisis deepens .
CBankers are working feverously to ease liquidity constraints despite financial institutions hoarding cash .
The Fed has announced further coordinated actions , including an increase in the size of the 84 - day TAF ( Term Auction Facility ) to $ 75 b per auction ( from $ 25 b ) , two forward TAF auctions totaling $ 150 b and an increase in swap authorization limits to a total of $ 620 b ( from $ 250 b ) with the BOC , BOE , BOJ , ECB , National Bank of Denmark , Bank of Norway , RBA , Bank of Sweden , and SNB .
Cbanks remain proactive in trying to stem a pandemic financial meltdown before a US financial aid package can be vetoed and implemented .
Futures traders are pricing in a 50 bp ease by the Fed next month ( 3.00 % ) .
The market requires a collective ease from most Cbanks about now !
This article is for general information purposes only .
It is not investment advice or a solution to buy or sell securities .
Opinions are the authors ; not necessarily that of OANDA Corporation or any of its affiliates , subsidiaries , officers or directors .
Leveraged trading is high risk and not suitable for all .
You could lose all of your deposited funds .
As I write this , it is the eve of the most important presidential election of my life .
I 've been asked multiple times where I 'm going to be on election night .
Viewing parties , large and small , are the choice of many , but I know I 'll be at home to experience the event .
I wo n't be flipping between radio stations or prowling online – I 'll be following it on TV .
I know I 'm not the only one .
The media climate may be changing , but TV is still the go - to source for witnessing big events like this .
According to The IFC Media Project press materials ( more on that in a bit ) , 70 % of our waking hours are spent consuming media .
Of that time , 33 % is spent with TV , followed by radio ( 29 % ) , the Internet ( 20 % ) , newspapers ( 10 % ) , and finally , magazines ( 8 % ) .
I imagine the percentages for TV bump up considerably during moments such as this year 's election night .
Viewers are looking for information , of course , but watching large , world - changing events unfold on the TV in your living room makes the experience comfortingly intimate , as well .
I 've overheard and participated in some interesting conversations on the bus about this year 's election ; the bus serves , for me , as a local town square .
Listening to people talk , especially those I am diametrically opposed to , makes me wonder how these people arrived at their conclusions , which inevitably brings me back to thinking about how media influences the way we think .
Now that the dark days of the Bush administration are coming to an end , I 'm sensing spin fatigue on all sides of the political spectrum .
The changing media climate – as well as surviving the last eight years – has made viewers realize that consuming news and information on autopilot is not an option .
On the eve of this historic election , I am wondering if , in addition to a change in leadership , we 're in for a change in how we receive news and how we digest it .
Political propaganda was not invented by the Bush administration and will not end with it .
But playing the media was definitely turned into a high art by his administration .
Sadly , most of the major news sources gave in to being played , with only fleeting glimmers of recognition that this cannot and must not continue to be the way news and information are presented in the future .
( A relatively new addition to the CNN lineup , Campbell Brown : No Bias , No Bull promises to stay away from sensationalism , extreme bias , and shoddy reporting that has overrun the current state of 24 - hour news .
Let 's hope . )
So I was intrigued – no , make that thrilled – when I got an early review copy of The IFC Media Project .
Like the earlier The Merchants of Cool special , which aired on Frontline ( PBS ) in 2001 and examined how advertisers exploit pop culture , The IFC Media Project has a similar mission , with its discerning look at how news and information are created and why it is more important than ever to be critical and conscious media consumers .
The IFC Media Project is a six - part documentary series hosted by Peabody - and Emmy Award - winning news correspondent Gideon Yago ( CBS News , MTV , This American Life ) .
An amazing amount of information is covered in each half - hour episode .
Ever wonder why the missing white girl story gets so much play on TV news ?
Meet Larry Garrison , the " broker " behind many of those stories .
Curious how experts on a news story are chosen ?
The loose vetting process may make you nauseous .
Breakaway segments such as the " Media Encyclopedia " and an animated segment called " News Junkie " maintain the overall seriousness of the subject matter while taking a fresh ( and often funny ) approach to a specific topic ( as in how the word " allegedly " plays double duty as caveat and weapon or a playful examination of how the word " gate " is attached to certain events ) .
My one and only complaint about The IFC Media Project is that it 's only available to a pay - TV audience .
Excerpts of upcoming episodes are available for viewing online now at www.ifc.com/mediaproject, and yes , this is one of those rare times when I would suggest you subscribe to pay - TV in order to see this splendid , eye - opening series .
The IFC Media Project premieres Tuesday , Nov. 18 , at 7 pm on the IFC .
Experimentando con fotografias en movimiento lo encontre dando vueltas por ahi a ver si les gusta : Comenten a ver que les parecio .
13 . Elizabeth Hurley in " Aria "
About 10 years before she became the Shagadelic star of " Austin Powers " , Hurley made her screen debut lip synching opera in a segment from the arty and dull " Aria " ( 1987 ) .
Over the past 18 years , Liz has become a regular face on magazine covers and is still one of the most beautiful women working in Hollywood today .
Click here for the Scoopy.com review
Click here to buy this movie from Amazon.com
11 . Marina Sirtis in " The Wicked Lady "
She will forever be remembered as Counselor Deanna Troi from the " Star Trek The Next Generation " TV series and four feature films that followed .
However , prior to putting on the TNG jump suit , she made 3 films that featured her topless .
" Death Wish 3 " , " Blind Date " and " The Wicked Lady " .
Of the 3 , " Blind Date " probably has the better nudity , but " The Wicked Lady " does feature Sirtis topless in a cat fight :-)
10 . Joan Severance in " See no Evil , Hear no Evil "
This tall , beautiful , Texas native began modeling at age 15 and did n't even begin acting until she was nearly 30 !
However , it did n't take long for her to break in to the biz .
After a few small TV parts , she made her film debut in the Richard Pryor / Gene Wilder movie " See No Evil , Hear No Evil " .
During the 90's she made the direct - to - vid market her own by starring in several erotic thrillers .
Click here for the Scoopy.com review
Click here to buy this movie from Amazon.com
9. Bridget Fonda in " Aria "
The first surprise of the poll .
Fonda ranking higher than Hurley while co-starring in the same movie ( different sections directed by different men ) !
There is no doubt that Fonda looked great here , but if I had to guess , I 'd say her higher ranking had less to do with physical hotness and more to do with box office hotness .
Fonda made about 6 hit films prior to ' 95 , whereas Hurley pretty much had nothing before " Austin Powers " in ' 97 .
Click here for the Scoopy.com review
Click here to buy this movie from Amazon.com
8. Kelly LeBrock in " The Woman in Red " The plot is lame 80's formula comedy .
But once you add fantastic cinematography and a model at the height of her career showing all 3 B's .... well brother , what you end up with ain't too shabby .
Granted there are much better movies to rent or buy , but as any " Weird Science " fan will tell you , in 1984 - 1985 there was no one more photogenic on the big screen than LeBrock .
Click here for the Scoopy.com review
Click here to buy this movie from Amazon.com
6. Virginia Madsen in " Class " Possibly the bustiest actress in our poll .
She literally burst into stardom in the 1983 movie " Class " .
Story wise , I 've always thought of this as one of the lesser coming of age 80's teen flicks .
However , it is an important entry in modern movie history as it also featured soon to be 80's mega- stars John Cusack , Andrew McCarthy and Rob Lowe .
This was also the debut film for Cusack and McCarthy .
Click here to buy this movie from Amazon.com
5. Béatrice Dalle in " Betty Blue " Béatrice who ?
Thankfully our readers did not let the fact that she 's a French star keep them from voting for her .
In " 37°2 le matin " ( original title of the Euro- version ) , the nudity is extremely beautiful , quite explicit , and magnificently photographed .
For lovers of French cinema , this is a must see .
For fans of movie nudity , skip the shorter North American version , and enjoy Dalle showing everything in many scenes during the 185 minute director 's cut .
Click here for the Scoopy.com review
Click here to buy this movie from Amazon.com
4. Lisa Bonet in " Angel Heart "
One of the most shocking TV - to - Film transitions ever made by an actress !
By 1987 , Bonet was already a co-star of the most popular show on television , the very G-rated " The Cosby Show " .
With " Angel Heart " she instantly shattered her " goody - two - shoes - Cosby - kid " image by filming intense sex scenes with Mickey Rourke .
At the time , rumors floated around saying that backlash from the movie was the reason she left the " The Cosby Show " for a couple of seasons .
Click here for the Scoopy.com review
Click here to buy this movie from Amazon.com
3. Kathleen Turner in " Body Heat "
The second surprise of our poll ... why did Turner finish 3rd and not 2nd or 1st ?
To tell the truth , we did n't even think about Turner for the nominee list at first .
Why ?
Well , was n't she already a big star then ?
No !
That 's how big her film debut was .
" Body Heat " instantly made the husky voiced Turner an A - list celebrity .
In addition , the movie itself plays a very important role in modern cinema history as " Body Heat " has become one of the most widely imitated films in history , and single - handedly revived a genre dormant since the 40s .
Just about every contemporary straight - to - vid " erotic thriller " seems to be a variation of this film .
Click here for the Scoopy.com review
Click here to buy this movie from Amazon.com
2. Michelle Johnson in " Blame it on Rio " Part 2 of the surprise second place finish .
Who would have guessed that a not - so - talented actress co-starring in a " just average " movie would leave such a huge impression on movie goers !
Johnson truly earned her " Worst Newcomer " Razzie nomination as each line she delivered caused audiences to flash back to that bad high school musical they were forced to sit through all those years ago .
But gorgeous cinematography and Johnson 's nude body overcame her lack of talent and put her close to the top in this poll .
Click here for the Scoopy.com review
Click here to buy this movie from Amazon.com
Fox exec : Obama did n't delay baseball
A Fox Broadcasting executive denied that Barack Obama 's half - hour ad , scheduled for tomorrow night , forced Fox and Major League Baseball to delay the start of a World Series game .
That notion -- which had been reported repeatedly , including here , has become a Republican talking point .
" No one will delay the World Series game with an infomercial when I 'm president , " John McCain said today .
But the Fox account executive who negotiated the ad buy said Obama 's ad is n't delaying the first pitch -- it 's just replacing the pre-game show .
" Our first pitch for the world series is usually around 8:30 anyway – so we did n’t push back the game , it was really just about suspending the pre-game -- you know , Joe Buck , " said the account executive , Joe Coppola .
" That ’s all we did . "
He said World Series games this season have begun between 8:22 p.m. and 8:35 p.m .
" We did n’t push back the game at all , " he said .
He also said Obama had initially arranged to buy the time only if the Series were over before Game Six ( in fact , a rain - delayed Game Five will continue tomorrow night ) , but Fox then decided to sell the campaign the time whether or not the game was played .
" By no means did they push to get us to accommodate them with Game Six , " said Coppola , whom the Obama campaign suggested I call .
" We ’re just missing the pregame , which is n’t a big deal for us .
It was a business decision . "
Wipe that smile off your face and , oh , ditch the glasses .
The Indiana Bureau of Motor Vehicles is restricting hats , scarves , glasses and even smiles in driver 's license photographs .
BMV officials told The Times of Northwest Indiana that the new rules imposed last month are needed so that facial recognition software can spot fraudulent license applications .
The applicant 's photograph will be compared with old photographs on file to protect customers from identity fraud .
That means glasses need to be removed .
And if a person has hair hanging their face , it should be swept aside .
Smiling can also distort facial features measured by the software .
" We believe it 's our responsibility to assure all Hoosiers the credentials we issue ... are as accurate as possible , " BMV Communications Director Dennis Rosebrough .
Indiana is one of about 20 states using the technology .
( CNN ) -- Democrat Al Franken has pulled ahead of incumbent Republican Sen. Norm Coleman in Minnesota 's still unresolved U.S. Senate race , according to a running tally on the Minneapolis Star Tribune 's Web site .
Republican Sen. Norm Coleman , left , and Democrat Al Franken have swapped leads in Minnesota 's Senate race .
Late Friday morning , the newspaper 's tally put Franken ahead by 102 votes .
Coleman 's lead had fallen to single digits Thursday evening .
But the race remains fluid :
The results reported by the newspaper are ongoing , with hundreds of challenged ballots still to be reviewed .
Minnesota Secretary of State Mark Ritchie has said that he and four other members on the Canvassing Board will not end their workday until all remaining challenges have been reviewed .
One major wild card that remains are roughly 4,000 ballots that were originally challenged by the campaigns , who have since withdrawn those challenges .
The secretary of state 's office has yet to declare how or when those ballots will be awarded to the candidates .
About 3 million votes were cast in the election , and the close result tripped an automatic recount .
Franken , a former " Saturday Night Live " comedian and writer , gained several hundred votes Thursday night as the board ruled on ballot challenges from both sides , the newspaper reported .
" When the recount is over and all the votes that were legally cast are counted , Al Franken will have won this election and will be declared the winner , " Marc Elias , Franken 's lead recount attorney , told the newspaper .
All About Al Franken • Minnesota • Norm Coleman • U.S. Senate
Barack Obama Discusses Security Trade - Offs
I generally avoid commenting on election politics — that ’s not what this blog is about — but this comment by Barack Obama is worth discussing :
[ Q] I have been collecting accounts of your meeting with David Petraeus in Baghdad .
And you had [ inaudible ] after he had made a really strong pitch [ inaudible ] for maximum flexibility .
A lot of politicians at that moment would have said [ inaudible ] but from what I hear , you pushed back . [ BO ] I did .
I remember the conversation , pretty precisely .
He made the case for maximum flexibility and I said you know what if I were in your shoes I would be making the exact same argument because your job right now is to succeed in Iraq on as favorable terms as we can get .
My job as a potential commander in chief is to view your counsel and your interests through the prism of our overall national security which includes what is happening in Afghanistan , which includes the costs to our image in the middle east , to the continued occupation , which includes the financial costs of our occupation , which includes what it is doing to our military .
So I said look , I described in my mind at list an analogous situation where I am sure he has to deal with situations where the commanding officer in [ inaudible ] says I need more troops here now because I really think I can make progress doing x y and z .
That commanding officer is doing his job in Ramadi , but Petraeus ’s job is to step back and see how does it impact Iraq as a whole .
My argument was I have got to do the same thing here .
And based on my strong assessment particularly having just come from Afghanistan were going to have to make a different decision .
But the point is that hopefully I communicated to the press my complete respect and gratitude to him and Proder who was in the meeting for their outstanding work .
Our differences do n’t necessarily derive from differences in sort of , or my differences with him do n’t derive from tactical objections to his approach .
But rather from a strategic framework that is trying to take into account the challenges to our national security and the fact that we ’ve got finite resources .
I have made this general point again and again — about airline security , about terrorism , about a lot of things — that the person in charge of the security system ca n’t be the person who decides what resources to devote to that security system .
The analogy I like to use is a company : the VP of marketing wants all the money for marketing , the VP of engineering wants all the money for engineering , and so on ; and the CEO has to balance all of those needs and do what ’s right for the company .
So of course the TSA wants to spend all this money on new airplane security systems ; that ’s their job .
Someone above the TSA has to balance the risks to airlines with the other risks our country faces and allocate budget accordingly .
Security is a trade - off , and that trade - off has to be made by someone with responsibility over all aspects of that trade - off .
I do n’t think I ’ve ever heard a politician make this point so explicitly .
EDITED TO ADD ( 10/27 ) :
This is a security blog , not a political blog .
As such , I have deleted all political comments below — on both sides ..
You are welcome to discuss this notion of security trade - offs and the appropriate level to make them , but not the election or the candidates .
Posted on October 27 , 2008 at 6:31 AM • 60 Comments
On Wednesday , the oil behemoth ExxonMobil agreed to pay for failing to cut down pollution in refineries scattered across the country .
ExxonMobil , which has been hit before with environmental charges , will pay a $ 6.1 million penalty for failing to comply with pollution regulations in refineries in California , Louisiana and Texas .
The company had agreed to reduce pollution in four refineries in those states , but came up short .
[ social_buttons ]
The agreement was made in 2005 – a year where the company was told by the courts to spend $ 6.7 on community projects dealing with the environment .
The regulations set down then were set to control sulfur pollutants from smoke stacks .
>> Read More about ExxonMobil on Green Options
Exxon did apologize for emitting pollutants and said they cleaned up house since then , but the Justice Department demanded more than just a delayed response to regulations , and slapped on the fine .
“ The Department of Justice will not tolerate violation of our consent decrees , ” Assistant Attorney General Ronald Tenpas said in a statement .
“ The significant penalty in this case shows that noncompliance with settlement requirements will have serious consequences , ” reports the AP .
But hey , ExxonMobil ’s still bringing in the mulah , regardless of fines .
In October , the company reported a profit of $ 14.83 billion from July to September – another record quarter for the company .
Photo Credit : h@ikL_lalala at Flickr under a Creative Commons License
1974 : The Altair 8800 microcomputer goes on sale .
It does n't offer much , but it 's the small start of a big trend toward small things .
A small New Mexico company – with the big name of Micro Instrumentation and Telemetry Systems and the small name of MITS – manufactured the Altair as a do - it - yourself kit .
At its heart was the Intel 8080 microprocessor , with the remarkable capacity of 8 bits , or 1 byte .
( Later models used the 8080A . )
The kit offered a 256 - byte memory , just about enough to contain one sentence of text .
The Altair 's open , 100 - line bus structure evolved into the S - 100 standard .
Keyboard ?
Dream on .
That was a few years in the future .
Input was accomplished through the " Sense Switches " ( I /O address 255 ) , eight toggle switches on the left side of the front panel .
Display ?
More dreaming .
Output was accomplished through LEDs on the front panel .
LEDs , 1974 : high tech , kiddo .
The Altair 8800 kit sold for just under $ 400 ( about $ 1,700 in today 's money ) .
If you wanted to forgo the case , you could get the kit for under $ 300 .
Or you could order the whole deal fully assembled : Old-Computers .comquotes a $ 595 price .
If you wanted to soup the thing up , MITS offered a few peripherals : a video card , a serial card for connecting to a terminal , a 64 - KB RAM - expansion card and an 8 - inch floppy drive .
The floppies stored 300 KB each .
Those were the days .
MITS founder Ed Roberts got the name Altair from the stellar destination in a Star Trek episode .
The idea came from the young daughter of a Popular Electronics magazine editor .
Popular Electronics heralded the amazing gadget on its January 1975 cover .
Right away , orders started pouring in .
News of the Altair 8800 excited Paul Allen and Bill Gates , who wrote the first microcomputer Basic for the 8800 and , within months , went on to found Microsoft together .
MITS sold more than 2,000 Altairs by the end of 1975 , beyond Roberts ' wildest expectations .
IMS Associates , which sold the remarkably similar IMSAI 8080 microcomputer , shipped 50 that year .
But the Altair inspired more than knockoffs .
The Commodore PET , complete with keyboard and monitor , debuted in early 1977 .
The Apple II came out later that year .
MITS sold out to Pertec in 1977 .
Pertec kept making Altairs through 1978 .
Microsoft and Intel are still around .
You noticed ?
Source : Various
Toyota Republicans Should Cut Their Own Pay
President Bush took to the TV Friday to announce that he would n’t walk past the financial crash of America ’s Big Three automakers and do nothing to save their lives .
Refusing resuscitation , Bush said , would be irresponsible during the worst economic crisis since the Great Depression .
A week earlier , 31 GOP Senators , mostly from Southern states , voted to avert their eyes and allow American auto companies to die .
They opposed $ 14 billion in federal loans for GM and Chrysler , revealing that their loyalty lies not with America , not even with their own states , but with South Korea and Germany and Japan .
They are Toyota Republicans .
child endangerment , contributing to the delinquency of a minor , possession of alcohol underage , providing alcohol to minors , assault , and of course , our old friend statutory rape .
just leave him alone
As the G20 leaders gather in Washington for what has been dubbed “ Bretton Woods II ” , here ’s a brief list of the economic opportunities they need to discuss :
The World ’s population is estimated at 6.7 billion :
The World ’s GDP is estimated at $ 55.5 tr per annum :
In the USA , in the ten years to 2006 :
In other words , the global economy is fixed in a spiral where prosperity is hoarded by those who already have and is n’t shared with those who already have not .
Social mobility is non-existent .
The G20’s Historic “ Bretton Woods ” Opportunity
Corporations ’ historical reluctance to engage with the vast market of the poor has been driven largely by the fact they cannot make as much profit from it as they can by segmenting the wealthy market .
However , with the advent of CSR many companies are starting to understand that the pursuit of ever greater profit is not , in and by itself , a wholesome goal .
Now is the time to put that understanding into action .
So the will is there and the market is there .
All the Bretton Woods II governments in Washington need to do is establish the institutions to bring the two together .
In 1932 , over ten years before the original Bretton Woods conference , John Maynard Keynes , wrote the following in the New Statesman :
The delegates to the World Conference should assemble in sackcloth and ashes , with humble and contrite hearts .
…
Fear and greed , duplicity and incompetence , but above all conventional thought and feeling , have brought their collective performance far below the level of the participants regarded as human individuals .
But here is a last opportunity .
The question is , will that opportunity be taken ?
Or will it take another ten years for the world to put it ’s house in order ?
What do you think about the Future Financial Architecture ?
Is the G20 meeting a historic opportunity to remould financial architecture in a more socially responsive and responsible framework ?
Can previously “ irresponsible ” corporations be trusted to enact this through the free market , or should we be “ once bitten , twice shy ” and demand strong regulation ?
Please share your thoughts below : let ’s see what we can come up with !
Photo Credit “ World Distribution of Per Capita GDP By Country ” by Wesley Fryer from Flickr under Creative Commons Attribution Share Alike License .
[ social_buttons ]
The Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) has announced that , as a result of its enforcement actions , U.S. companies will spend a record - breaking $ 11.8 billion on pollution control and projects to clean up the environment this year .
The EPA calculates that the moves will result in a best ever reduction in pollution of 3.9 billion pounds per year , nearly four times the reduction achieved during 2007 .
Enforcement activities undertaken this year include the seizure of imports of highly - polluting engines , forcing companies to pay for hazardous waste clean - up operations and tackling air pollution from power plants .
Some of the highest profile enforcement cases have included :
One of the largest settlements in EPA history , when American Electric Power , a coal - fired electric utility company , agreed to install pollution controls and take other measures that will reduce a record 1.6 billion pounds of air pollution .
The company also agreed to pay a $ 15 million penalty , the largest ever paid by an electric utility for New Source Review violations of the Clean Air Act .
The agreement of Jenn Feng Industrial Company , a Taiwanese manufacturer , and three American corporations to pay $ 2 million , the largest civil penalty ever for violations of Clean Air Act non-road engine regulations , for importing 200,000 chainsaws that failed to meet federal air pollution requirements .
The agreement of Massey Energy Company , Inc. , Central Appalachia ’s largest coal producer , to shell out $ 20 million penalty , the largest of its kind , for discharging pollution into local waterways .
British Petroleum Exploration ( Alaska ) , Inc. , pleading guilty and being ordered to pay a $ 12 million criminal fine and $ 4 million in restitution to the state of Alaska for two pipeline leaks , one of which was the largest spill ever on the state ’s North Slope .
It ’ll be interesting to observe whether this upward trend will continue under the Obama administration .
The fact that EPA achieved a whopping 400 % increase over a single year would seem to suggest that there is plenty of scope for further increases in enforcement activities and pollution control .
Polluters take note – the years of ‘ free - riding ’ at the environment ’s expense could well be over !
Image Credit – A6U571N via flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
The expected melee surrounding Michael Jackson 's appearance in London tomorrow is unlikely to match the carefully choreographed precision of his usual performances .
But few doubt that his turn at the Royal Courts of Justice will be dramatic .
That the UK capital has become the arena for a legal row between a US pop star and Middle Eastern royalty is no surprise to regulars at the High Court .
The prince is just the latest in a string of high - profile foreign litigants coming to London to secure high - priced British legal expertise to resolve their disputes .
While the paparazzi's flash photography may temporarily illuminate the High Court 's sedate exterior , the real fireworks may erupt inside Court 23 , where Jackson is a star witness in a case pitching the " king of pop " against genuine royalty .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Originally expected to give evidence from his home in California via a videolink , Jacko will now come face to face with an old friend , Sheikh Abdullah bin Hamad Al Khalifa , second son of the King of Bahrain .
Their dispute is over an alleged £ 4.7 m deal that the sheikh thought he had set up to promote the star 's comeback .
Jackson allegedly reneged on the sheikh 's plans for a stage show , an autobiography and a new album .
With the quarrel unresolved , all parties have gravitated to London .
While much of British industry suffers in the global economic difficulties , the Bar is booming .
London is the place to be for legal " tourists " .
Timothy Dutton QC , chairman of the Bar Council , describes law as one of the UK's " great exports " .
" The Bar Council estimates the export value of international legal services is in excess of £ 2bn and that barristers contribute over £ 200 m to what is an important export of highly skilled legal services .
This matters to the economy and enhances the reputation of the City , " he said yesterday , adding that the presence of large numbers of expert solicitors and barristers made London a " natural place " to seek advice .
Generous libel settlements and the ability to recover costs is one area where legal tourism has attracted many combatants to London .
The Russian business tycoon Boris Berezovsky used the British courts in 2003 to sue Forbes magazine , a title run from New York ; and the Polish film director Roman Polanski won a 2005 libel action against Vanity Fair while giving video evidence from Paris .
Leading silk Terence Mowschenson QC said yesterday : " In the High Court , most of the cases we deal with are one foreign party against another .
I think London is pretty hard to beat .
There are some good lawyers in New York but , generally , London is hard to beat for expertise and quality . "
He said US courts had a narrower interpretation of libel , making it harder to sue newspapers , adding that results were more unpredictable , as juries were often appointed to judge litigation cases .
" The judges in London are used to making fast decisions and they have an integrity that is justifiably recognised around the world . "
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The U.S. economy shed a quarter - million private - sector jobs in November , according to a payroll processor 's report that was worse than economists expected .
Non -farm private employment fell by 250,000 jobs from the previous month on a seasonally adjusted basis , according to the ADP National Employment Report .
The report was expected to show a decline of 200,000 jobs in November , according to a consensus of economist projections compiled by Briefing.com .
" It 's impossible to find any ray of light here , " said ADP spokesman Joel Prakken in a conference call with reporters .
" All of the major industries that we record had declines in employment . "
The goods - producing sector lost 158,000 jobs last month , its 24th consecutive month of decline , according to the report .
This includes 118,000 positions in manufacturing and 44,000 construction jobs .
The service industry shed 92,000 jobs , its second month of losses since the ADP reports began tracking employment in 2002 .
Medium - sized businesses , with between 50 and 499 workers , were the hardest - hit part of the economy , hemorrhaging 130,000 jobs last month .
Large businesses , with at least 500 workers , lost 41,000 jobs .
Small businesses , with less than 50 workers , lost 79,000 positions .
Prakken said he expected to see " a string of very weak employment reports " going forward .
He added that " declines in employment between 300,000 and 500,000 in the coming months would not surprise me . "
The ADP also revised its reading for October , to a loss of 179,000 jobs from the previously reported loss of 157,000 .
LOS ANGELES ( AP ) 
King of the Hill is over the hill at Fox , which is canceling the long - running animated comedy .
Final episodes of the half - hour series , now in its 13th year , likely will air during the 2009 - 10 season , Fox said Friday .
The network recently ordered 13 new episodes , and animated series have a long production schedule .
King of the Hill chronicles the life of blue - collar family man Hank Hill of Texas and his family and friends .
Hank is voiced by series co-creator and executive producer Mike Judge .
Others in the cast include Kathy Najimy , Brittany Murphy and Stephen Root .
The picture is brighter for another Sunday night animated show on Fox , American Dad , which was renewed for its fifth season .
It has posted single - digit ratings gains among advertiser - favored young adult viewers and total viewers .
Ratings for King of the Hill have been relatively flat early this season .
American Dad is about Stan Smith , a dedicated conservative , and his oddball family in Langley , Va. Series co-creator and executive producer Seth MacFarlane voices Stan in the series , which also features the voices of Wendy Schaal , Rachael MacFarlane and Scott Grimes .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
US President George W Bush has admitted the financial system needs reforming , but insists the credit crunch was not a failure of the free - market system .
Speaking in New York , Mr Bush said that while financial markets did need some new regulation and more transparency , free trade should not be restricted .
His comments come before world leaders meet in Washington at the weekend to discuss the global economic downturn .
Mr Bush said bold government measures had already helped improve matters .
Yet he said state action was not a " cure - all " , and what was now needed was a reform of the global economy " without trying to re-invent the system " .
It would a terrible mistake to allow a few months of crisis to undermine 60 years of success
President Bush
Q&A : G20 summit
He has called for improved accountancy rules , better co-ordination of national laws and regulations , and making the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund more representative .
Mr Bush 's comments seemed to please investors , as America 's main Dow Jones index ended up 6.7 % .
However , analysts said most of the gain was due to bargain hunters picking up cheap stocks following three straight days of falls .
' Fix problems '
Returning to the cause of the credit crunch , Mr Bush admitted that failures had been made " by lenders and borrowers , by financial firms , by governments and independent regulators " .
But that the answer was " not to try to reinvent the system " .
Instead , he said the solution was to " fix the problems we face , make the reforms we need , and move forward with the free market principles that have delivered prosperity and hope to people around the world " .
He added that while capitalism was " not perfect " , it was " by far the most efficient and just way of structuring an economy " .
" It would a terrible mistake to allow a few months of crisis to undermine 60 years of success , " said President Bush .
Global reform
Ahead of the summit , French President Nicolas Sarkozy said the US dollar was no longer " the only global currency " .
Speaking in Paris , Mr Sarkozy said times had changed since the Bretton Woods conference after World War II laid the foundations of modern financial institutions .
" What was true in 1945 can no longer be true today , " he said .
French Finance Minister Christine Lagarde said the strength of the euro was making it more attractive than before .
But she cautioned creating further instability through a major shift in central banks ' currency reserves .
The summit in Washington brings together leaders of the world 's biggest democracies , emerging nations and international organisations .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
U.S. unemployment rates under President Bush have reached a 14 - year high .
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics , unemployment climbed to 6.5 percent in October , as the country shed 240,000 jobs .
U.S. unemployment rates under President Bush have certainly increased –for example , the unemployment rate for October 2007 was 4.7 percent .
So far this year , the country has lost 1.2 million jobs , and over half of the decrease took place in just the last three months .
Some suggest the situation could grow more bleak : Goldman Sachs projects the unemployment rate will reach 8.5 percent by the end of 2009 .
Another source I spoke with recently believes it could soar as high as 10 percent in the near future .
With U.S. unemployment rates under President Bush rising , there ’s more talk of the nation being caught in a recession .
In a New York Times story , Stuart G. Hoffman , chief economist at PNC Financial Services Group in Pittsburgh , notes , “ The economy is slipping deeper into a recessionary sinkhole that is getting broader .
The layoffs are getting larger , and coming faster .
We ’re likely to see at least another six months of more jobs reports like this . ”
In a Wall Street Journal roundup of economists ’ reactions to the unemployment report , Joshua Shapiro of MFR Inc. says , " History tells that once the labor market weakens as much as it has in the past several months , job - shedding takes on a life of its own and tends to persist for a long while .
We expect the employment data to be dreadful for many months to come and consequently for consumer spending to continue to decline . "
The job losses were far - reaching : manufacturing lost 90,000 jobs , construction shed 49,000 , professional and business services saw a decline of 51,000 , and retail trade employment lost 38,000 .
Health care , however , added 26,000 jobs .
As the unemployment rate in America increases and President Bush ’s tenure draws to a close , all eyes are on President - elect Barack Obama and the Democratic Congress set to take the reins in Washington in January .
Will the new leadership provide relief ?
Do You Know What You 're Worth ?
GET A FREE PAY REPORT
Looking for Relief as the Unemployment Rate in America Increases
In a Chicago press conference Nov. 7 , the same day the unemployment data were released , Obama acknowledged the job losses and their toll on the workforce , noting , " we ’re going to have to act swiftly to resolve it . "
He went on to say that until Jan. 20 , the Bush administration is in charge , but , " Immediately after I become president , I ’m going to confront this economic crisis head - on by taking all necessary steps to ease the credit crisis , help hardworking families , and restore growth and prosperity . "
Among some top priorities Obama mentioned :
a rescue plan for the middle class " that invests in immediate efforts to create jobs and provide relief to families that are watching their paychecks shrink and their life savings disappear . "
A fiscal - stimulus plan and another extension of unemployment benefits would be part of that plan ;
policies to help the automobile industry adjust amid the financial turmoil ;
longer - term policies to bolster the economy , such as clean energy , health care , education and tax - relief for middle - class families .
Obama underscored that fixing the situation wo n’t come easily or quickly –but it can be accomplished through a concerted , non-partisan effort .
While reporting another story for PayScale last week , I talked with sources who speculated on the policy moves Obama might make , and how they could affect American workers .
All the speculation is pure conjecture at this point , of course , but one source pointed to something other than hard policies , yet something equally important to rejuvenating the economy : providing workers with a sense of hope and purpose .
The new administration , he said , seems well - equipped to give the workforce just that .
Scientists at the Tel Aviv University discovered a string of galaxies only 15 million light years from the Milky Way .
This group stands out because despite no apparent mutual interaction they display similar behavior .
They all had recent star formation activity , and in some of the galaxies it is ongoing .
This synchronized activity does n’t seem to have stemmed from mutual effects but from accretion of intergalactic gas by the dark matter surrounding the galaxies .
The Wise Observatory in Mitzpe Ramon ,
in the Israeli Negev region
( Credit : Wise Observatory )
Two components of our Universe are baryonic matter , visible matter that accounts for about 4 % of the matter , and dark matter , a mysterious substance that ca n’t be directly observed , and makes up close to a quarter of the universe .
Both types of matter seem to be structured , and not uniformly distributed .
These structures include clusters connected by filaments and surrounding voids , where the matter density is very low .
When baryonic matter streams into dark matter halos , galaxies can form .
Adi Zitrin , a graduate student , and his instructor Dr. Noah Brosch , both from the Tel Aviv University , discovered a group of galaxies that seem to have formed along a dark matter filament .
While studying galaxies as part of a sky survey , they stumbled upon a group of 14 galaxies located a mere 15 million light years from us , closer than most galaxies .
This group stood out because the galaxies are lined up next to each other , in a region of lower than average galaxy density , forming a string at least 1.5 million light years long .
All 14 galaxies are dwarf galaxies containing only several billion stars , not dozens or hundreds of billions stars , and are located at approximately the same distance from the Milky Way .
From their color they were determined to be young , 10 billion years old at most .
Their study revealed that after more than a billion years of inactivity , all 14 galaxies began forming stars again less than 30 million years ago and most of them still host ongoing star formations .
Synchronized star formations in neighboring galaxies is a known phenomenon , usually credited to mutual interaction between galaxies caused by collisions or tidal forces , but in this case the galaxies in the group seem to keep to themselves .
“ This is a strange thing , ” Brosch said , “ A priori , one would not expect galaxies that have nothing to do with each other , a few million light years apart , to make stars at the same time . ”
The picture shows the 14 galaxies
studied at the Wise Observatory .
The image of each galaxy was
assembled from three digital frames
obtained through different filters .
The colors are “ blue ” , “ red ” , and a
special color produced by ionized
hydrogen gas .
The five faintest galaxies
are synthetic reproductions for display .
The sky region where the galaxies
appear is six degrees wide , while each galaxy
is only about one arc - minute , thus the
galaxy images are highly enlarged to
show individual internal details .
The relative
sizes of the galaxies are maintained ,
but their distances are reduced to
fit the image and maintain relative
locations .
The colors have been modified
to allow easy visibility of details .
The background is artificial .
( Credit : Adi Zitrin )
Theoretical calculations done by astrophysicists at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem led by Professor Avishai Dekel , show that low mass galaxies can form when intergalactic gas streams into dark matter haloes and not by intergalactic gas heated by a virial shock to millions of degrees .
This accretion mode yields efficient star formation in low mass galaxies .
This could be used to explain the behavior of the 14 galaxies in this study .
According to this theory , these galaxies are lined up along a dark matter filament , and their recent and present star formation is triggered by the accretion of cold gas from intergalactic space that is gravitationally attracted by the dark matter .
Some of the galaxies in this group were familiar to scientists before this study , but it was unknown that they exhibited similar properties .
The initial detection of the group occurred when analyzing data from a radio sky survey , ALFALFA , executed at the Arecibo Observatory in Puerto Rico .
Further optical observations took place at the Wise Observatory in Mitzpe Ramon in Israel .
Brosch said the results of this study are still preliminary , and further observations with larger telescopes could reveal more about the star formation history of the galaxies .
TFOT also reported on a new theory regarding the formation of massive stars .
According to this theory , proposed by astrophysicists from Princeton University and the University of California at Berkeley , massive stars form inside an interstellar cloud of gas and dust , with the “ help ” of smaller stars that create the suitable conditions for massive stars ’ creation .
In another article TFOT covered NASA ’s discovery of large amounts of simple organic gases and water vapor in a possible planet forming region around an infant star .
Further information on the new study , scheduled to appear in the Monthly Notices of the Royal Astronomical Society , can be found in the Arxiv website and in the TAU press release .
TOKYO , Japan ( CNN ) --
Beset by economic worries and loneliness , elderly Japanese are turning to petty crime in increasing numbers , the nation 's Justice Ministry reports .
An elderly man walks away from a Tokyo grocery store after being observed stealing medicine for an upset stomach .
In 2007 , 48,605 persons age 65 and older were arrested in crimes other than traffic violations , more than double the number five years earlier , according to a ministry report .
Thefts such as shoplifting and pick - pocketing were the main offenses , the ministry report said .
" The main reasons they shoplift are poverty and loneliness , " said Kazuo Kawakami , a former federal prosecutor .
" The traditional Japanese family is gone , and now our elderly live alone . "
Morio Mochizuki , who heads SPUJ , one of Japan 's largest security firms , said the stories of shoplifting suspects at the thousands of stores his company oversees across Japan bear that out .
And the problem becomes more acute during New Year holidays , traditionally a time for family gatherings in Japan , Mochizuki said .
Economics also plays a role .
Japan 's economy went into recession this year , the government says .
And the country 's national pension system has been bogged down with mismanagement and corruption , leaving many pensioners with fears their lifetime savings will be lost .
" I feel sorry for them .
When I talk to them , they do n't have enough money for food , " Takayuki Fujisawa , an employee of SPUJ , said of the elderly he 's caught shoplifting .
SPUJ recently allowed CNN to follow its security team at one Tokyo grocery store .
In just moments , they nabbed a 69 - year - old woman , allegedly trying to steal food worth about $ 10 .
One hour later , officers stopped a second suspect , an 80 - year - old man .
He had enough money to pay for all of his groceries , but security officers said he tried to leave the store without paying for medicine for an upset stomach .
" I 'm so sorry , " he told officers .
" I live alone .
My wife is in the hospital . "
Population trends offer little hope for a turnaround in the elderly crime trend .
Twenty percent of Japan 's population is older than 65 , the largest percentage of elderly of any country in the world .
Compounding the problem , Japan has one of the world 's lowest birth rates .
On Japan 's northern island of Hokkaido , more elderly than teenagers -- by a 3 to 2 ratio -- were arrested in 2006 , police said .
Despite the arrest numbers , prosecutions of the elderly in a culture that holds them in high regard are rare .
Stores often do n't even report the crime to police , according to security experts .
The 80 - year - old man who stole the stomach medicine was eventually led to his bicycle by store security .
The security officer helped the man with his groceries and bowed in respect , hoping the elderly man had learned his lesson and would return as a good customer .
All About Japan • Crime
A brand new photo of the Swan Nebula taken by NASA 's Spitzer
Space Telescope reveals chaotic star - making in action .
In this infrared view , the gooey - looking red stuff is made up of tiny particles of dust .
The sinister green glow represents superhot gas , and the brilliant white regions are where gas and dust interact .
Located about 6,000 light - years away , the Swan Nebula , or M17 , is a turbulent circus where huge hot stars spew out radiation and fierce winds of charged particles .
The gaseous gusts are thought to carve out a large cavity in the dust at the center of the picture , where new stars are forming .
As the cavity pushes out , winds from other giant stars nearby push back , forming ripples of gas called bow shocks , like the ripples that pile up in front of speeding boats .
" The gas being lit up in these star - forming regions looks very wispy and fragile , but looks can be deceiving , " said researcher
Robert Benjamin of the University of Wisconsin , Whitewater , in a press release .
" These bow shocks serve as a reminder that stars are n't born in quiet nurseries but in violent regions buffeted by winds more powerful than anything we see on
Earth . "
The observations could help point the way toward a better understanding of how stars like our own sun first came into being , and how they spawned solar systems .
See Also :
Image : NASA / JPL - Caltech / Univ. of Wisc .
READER COMMENTS ON
" MN U.S. Senate Hand - Count : A Vote for McCain Must be a Vote for Coleman , Says Coleman Camp "
( 23 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/24/2008 @ 11:24 am PT ...
The Republican mantra : " What 's mine is mine and what 's thine is mine . "
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/24/2008 @ 11:44 am PT ...
Amen , zap .
Truly , you do not exaggerate .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... Dennis said on 11/24/2008 @ 12:03 pm PT ...
A thief by any other name is still a Republican .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/24/2008 @ 2:44 pm PT ...
The uptake coverage of the RNC convention was excellent also
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Lora said on 11/24/2008 @ 4:08 pm PT ...
Well , clearly , those evil Dems somehow managed to brainwash upstanding Repbulican voters into somehow selecting Al Franken over Coleman .
Must have been subliminally piped through their ipods .
Or , even more nefarious , when the voters were voting , a highly technical compuuterized beam of light --- a " " LA - zerr " " --- shone on the ballots and flipped the names !
Yeah , that 's it , vote - flipping by extraterrestrial light waves !
Nailed .
Election fraud , proven beyond a shadow of a doubt .
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/24/2008 @ 4:22 pm PT ...
... Lora said ...
" Election fraud , proven beyond a shadow of a doubt . "
Bull .
You 've totally failed to explain what the lizard people were doing on the ballot .
It 's bad enough we have these illegal aliens voting in our elections but now these undocumented immigrants from south of the Pleiades are running for American political offices !
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/24/2008 @ 4:26 pm PT ...
I have news for both of you !
The space lizards have been running things since 20 January 1981 .
I can't believe it 's taken people this long to catch on .
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Jeannie Dean ( not in ) FL - 13 said on 11/24/2008 @ 4:55 pm PT ...
" Franken Camp Calls for Investigation of Missing Ballots " http://www.huffingtonpos...lls-for-in_n_146140.html " ... In a conference call with reporters on Monday , aides to the Democratic challenger said that they were growing increasingly concerned with news reports that ballots from Election Day --- which by state law must be recounted --- have gone missing .
" The number of votes counted on November 4th , " said spokesman Andy Barr , " exceeds the number of ballots produced for consideration during the recount ... "
**************
Note : the article does n't say by how much .
( Paging Karen from Illinois : more votes than voters , just like so many other races you tracked with precision during the Primaries .
Seems the ghost - of - New - Hampshire - election - anomalies - past is still rearing its YooO - gly head (s ) .
Oh , and btw , word from Nancy Tobi is that NH S.O.S.
Gardner will not allow videotaping of the tabulation room by citizen observers .
Chreeestos crispies .
Hope they have enough in the state budget for all the additional Police Dogs . )
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... LeesSummitConservative said on 11/24/2008 @ 6:11 pm PT ...
Please check your facts before blasting Coleman .
On November 7 , 2008 that AP ran a story titled Most Under- votes Cast in Counties Won by Obama , by Brian Bakst .
The story points out that the under-votes in St. Louis , Ramsey and Hennepin counties account for 10 , 540 under-votes , where Obama won by 63 % or more .
Only about 6,100 votes were in counties won by Republican John McCain .
IF , and that ’s a big IF Coleman is going after the McCain / Coleman connection , it is only because AP and Franken have already established the Obama / Franken connection where the numbers are in Franken ’s favor .
I beg to differ with the cavalier comment regarding the “ What ’s mine is mine , what ’s thine is mine ” being assigned to the conservatives .
Let us present the full side of the story .
Respectfully Submitted
Paul
The Lee ’s Summit Conservative
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/24/2008 @ 6:37 pm PT ...
Paul , I think there really is a difference between speculating that missing votes would have been for Franken based on that and demanding that McCain votes count for Coleman based on that .
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/24/2008 @ 7:59 pm PT ...
" I beg to differ with the cavalier comment regarding the “ What ’s mine is mine , what ’s thine is mine ” being assigned to the conservatives . "
You beg to differ with something I did not say ?
That 's very polite of you ... and very irrelevant .
" Republicans " , as represented by the leadership of the Republican Party , are not conservatives and have n't been for many years .
I know .
I was fairly conservative in many respects ... or was before Republican malfeasance on a truly massive scale in the name of a conservatism they never practiced made even that appellation intolerable to me .
And by the evidence to date , for Republican politicos , " What 's mine is mine and what 's thine is mine . " is n't a cavalier comment ... it 's a fair description of their modus operandi .
As for the argument that " Franken did it first " ...
Agent 99 said it : Franken did not do what Coleman has done : demand that undervotes in the Senate race be counted for Coleman because the voter voted for McCaine at the top of the ballot .
And nothing can explain Coleman demanding that votes for Franken actually be counted for Coleman because of a vote for McCaine at the top of the ballot ... nothing except " What 's mine is mine and what 's thine is mine . "
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 11/24/2008 @ 9:10 pm PT ...
Is the Franken camp 's concern about missing ballots based on the difference in the number of votes between the initial machine count vs. the ongoing handcount of ballots or is it based on a difference between the number of ballots actually cast according to precinct info .
vs. the number of ballots per precinct available for the hand recount ?
If it is the former , the difference might be explained by the not unlikely possibility that the scanners erroneously counted more ballots than were cast ( eg- counted some ballots twice ? )
Also , I wonder if the seemingly absurd challenges by the Coleman camp have a purpose beyond any likelihood that they will ultimately be counted for Coleman .
If they can challenge enough ballots cast for Franken it would increase the likelihood that at the end of the recount ( and before the challenged ballots are decided and assigned )
Coleman will be ahead and his camp can then claim that if Franken wins after the challenged ballots are counted that the election was stolen by assigning " dubious " votes to Franken .
That might also explain why the Franken camp is apparently challenging ballots on a tit - for - tat basis as related at this site .
P.S. to 99 - do you know what happened to the preview screen ?
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 11/24/2008 @ 9:28 pm PT ...
Steve
There are some page loading time issues around here and I think Brad may have nixed it until he can do some upgrades .
Plus , we 've had a few posts hit the front page at Digg lately and in order to handle the onslaught we have to turn some features off for a while and he may simply have forgotten to turn it back on .
In short , I do n't know for sure , but I do know that there are some backstage remodels in the works .
That preview window was pretty nice ... except I kept trying to make my edits in it and would get all vexed about that !
So I sure do n't miss that part ....
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/24/2008 @ 9:37 pm PT ...
Actually , given the inevitable Republican " stabbed in the back " meme during their upcoming years in the wilderness , some folks believe that the Coleman " challenge at any cost " tactic has the goal of tainting any Democratic victory by enabling propaganda such as wingnut blastmails to scream about " zillions of obvious votes for ( Repub ) stolen by tainted librul panels " ... reality notwithstanding as always ... and that the ballooning number of Franken counter - challenges is just so that such blasts can be countered with " We also had lots of challenges so why did the Repubs on the panel find more of our challenges valid than ( Repub ) 's ? "
I 'm not sure as to the validity of the insight or of the use of such a counter - tactic if it exists ...
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... Steve said on 11/24/2008 @ 11:38 pm PT ...
99 - Thanks for the info Zapkitty - I think you are agreeing pretty much with what I surmised in comment # 12 .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/25/2008 @ 3:21 am PT ...
... Steve said ... ' Zapkitty - I think you are agreeing pretty much with what I surmised in comment # 12 . "
Then you are wrong
What I wrote was " I 'm not sure as to the validity of the insight or of the use of such a counter - tactic if it exists . "
To know that it is inevitable that the R's will leave screaming and wailing if they leave at all takes little insight .
That the Franken campaign might be bulking up the challenges in order to readily counter one such backlash is supposition as far as I know , and I do n't know how effective such a counter would be .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 11/25/2008 @ 4:16 am PT ...
I do n't know guys , in close races where the big D towns are counted first and it is close , the R's usually take it on the rural South and West areas ( of Mpls / StP . ) ... from what I have witnessed previously , and it still appears so that Hennepin , Ramsey and St Louis counties are the Dem strongholds , after that , look out .
Wellstone was the only one to previously overcome those stats for the most part .
Encouraging to see the McCain Franken ballots tho .
Again , we 'll see .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... TEDEGER said on 11/25/2008 @ 8:45 am PT ...
All that is needed is for just ONE voter to come forward and say , " Okay , I voted for McCain because I thought he was the best Presidential candidate , and for Franken because I thought he'd be the best Senator , and the argument 's OVER !
If ONE did it , MANY could have !
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 11/25/2008 @ 4:08 pm PT ...
jeanie ... sos dif day .. lol it would be interestin to compare the signature list to how many ballots , unfortunately with the new electronic precinct books , there is no actual signature list , theres just a pile of cards ( that rnt secure ) ... with every piece of hava that is put into practice , things just get worse and worse sigh
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... karen from illinois said on 11/25/2008 @ 4:14 pm PT ...
lee quoated an article that said Though some voters may have intentionally bypassed the race , others may have mismarked their ballot or optical scanning machines may have misread them .
A recount to begin Nov. 19 will use manual inspection to detect such ballots .
get that lee , optical scanners may nave misread them thats whole point here ..... the scanners r just one more blackbox and u neo cons want us to " trust " it and u i believe i spaek for most of the bradblog readers when i say ... we want a system we can trust
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Jamie said on 11/25/2008 @ 8:13 pm PT ...
So , since Obama won Minnesota , does n't that mean that Al Franken won because a vote for Obama would mean a vote for Franken ?
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... the zapkitty said on 11/25/2008 @ 8:42 pm PT ...
... Jamie said ...
" So , since Obama won Minnesota , does n't that mean that Al Franken won because a vote for Obama would mean a vote for Franken ? "
Nah ... what they 're really trying to prove is that all votes for Obama were actually votes for McCaine ...
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Anthony Look said on 11/26/2008 @ 3:18 am PT ...
Logged in as : My Account Logout
There was a problem while trying to log you in .
Please check your details and try again .
There was an error when try to log out .
Please try again .
TOKYO ( Reuters Life ! ) -
First a sumo wrestler , then an actor , now students at elite universities and a tennis player -- the list of people caught using marijuana has sparked fears of reefer madness in Japan .
More than 2,000 people were arrested on dope charges between January and October this year , a 19 percent increase on the same period last year , according to the National Police Agency .
“ ( The ) increase in marijuana abusers , as well as tightening regulations , are both factors that pushed up the number of arrests , ” Shingo Katsuno , vice president and an expert on Japan ’s drug issues at Hyogo University of Teacher Education , told Reuters in a telephone interview .
“ Japan is now highly interested in the issue because it is spreading in places like colleges , where it hardly existed before , ” he added .
Television stations and newspapers have been running almost daily stories on high profile busts , drug dealers and ordinary people whose lives have allegedly been ruined by pot .
But experts point out that surveys suggest reality is a lot different -- just one percent of 18 - year olds in Japan have ever used marijuana according to a nationwide poll of about 40,000 students in 2006 .
In fact , the “ epidemic ” scare stories are more indicative of how much Japan continues to resist the drug , Katsuno said .
“ No other country is making such a big fuss with some 1 percent .
This shows the strict awareness Japanese society has against drugs , ” he said .
Comparable surveys of teen marijuana habits in the U.S. and Britain found many times the number -- 42 percent and 38 percent of older teens respectively -- confessing to usage .
SEEDY BUSINESS
Anti-narcotics education is drummed into Japan ’s school students and little differentiation is made between “ hard ” and “ soft ” drugs .
The nation ’s strict attitude toward illegal substances stems in part to a post World War two amphetamine spike , which saw widespread abuse of the substance after it was sold without a prescription for around a decade .
While legalizing marijuana or using it for medical purposes to treat diseases such as cancer and AIDS has been debated and approved in some western countries , such ideas have n’t caught on in Japan .
In one of the country ’s most infamous busts , Beatle Paul McCartney spent nine days in a Tokyo jail in 1980 after arriving at the capital ’s airport with a bag of marijuana in his suitcase .
Today , those caught possessing , giving or receiving marijuana face up to five years jail time .
Japanese media blames the marijuana “ epidemic ” on a legal loophole that makes it possible for anyone to buy seeds with just a few clicks on the Internet .
While possessing the seeds is legal in Japan , germinating them is not -- unless you have a license .
Japan ’s police agency said it is looking into closing the seed loophole , and getting online advertisements removed .
Expert Katsuno said Japan needs to maintain its vigilance as the society opens up .
“ ( We ) will need to make sure to pass on the ( message about the ) danger of drugs to the next generation , ” he said .
[ Guerrilla Gardening .
Creative Commons photo by Ondřej Lipár ]
File this under genius !
Carbon Copy has an easy recipe for making seed bombs .
Carry these little home - made pellets around and toss them into places that could use a little bit of plant life .
Here ’s how you do it !
Combine 2 parts mixed seeds ( Maybe ones from a local solstice seed swap ? ) with 3 parts compost .
( I bet that organic potting soil would work , as well . )
Stir in 5 parts powdered red or brown clay .
Moisten with water until mixture is damp enough to mold into balls .
Pinch off a penny - sized piece of the clay mixture and roll it between the palms of your hands until it forms a tight ball ( 1 inch in diameter ) .
Set the balls on newspaper and allow to dry for 24 – 48 hours .
Store in a cool , dry place until ready to sow .
[ Seed Bombs ! Creative Commons photo by Jeff Wright ]
Toss them at will !
Please be respectful over other folks ’ property , though .
It ’s a lot tougher to talk to people about green space and guerrilla gardening when they ’re angry .
These are notes for a Theory of Computation course .
The goal is to introduce the undergraduates to basic concepts of Theory of Computation and to provoke their interest in further study .
Model - dependent effects are systematically ignored .
Concrete computational problems are considered only as illustrations of general principles .
The notes can be used by an instructor designing a course or by students who either know the material and want to refresh the memory or are exceptionally bright and have access to an instructor for questions .
Each subsection takes about a week of the course .
And a ( less reliable ) HTML version .
Bill O'Reilly Pt. 1
Bill O'Reilly thinks Barack Obama is a brilliant guy who ran the best campaign he 's ever seen anyone run .
Voters did n't just decide on the president or Congress yesterday .
Among five major energy and environmental ballot initiatives from California to Missouri , all but one were voted down .
Does that mean that apparent public support for clean energy withers away when the rubber meets the road ?
Some noxious measures ( AP ) Not necessarily .
But it does suggest that any government plans to boost clean energy have to be sharply focused , realistic , and present a clear win for voters , who are also consumers .
Grist has a great rundown ...
December 11 , 2008  --
A powerful New York financial advisor whose handful of clients routinely expected -- and received -- double digit returns , up market or down , may have instead been running a decades long Ponzi scheme that defrauded investors of $ 50 billion dollars , according to a one - count criminal complaint unsealed in federal court in New York .
Bernard Madoff , 70 , a former chairman of NASDAQ , was an investment advisor who catered to a handful of high net worth clients , one of whom told ABC News that Madoff was so sought after that , as recently as two months ago , he was turning down potential new business .
According to a Securities and Exchange Commission document filed in Jan. 2008 , and cited in the complaint , the firm had between 11 and 25 clients for the fiscal year ending Oct. 2007 and managed about $ 17 billion in assets in 23 different accounts .
Bernard Madoff Investment Securities , in addition to that private client practice , is also a market maker that trades with other dealers in bonds , the S&P 500 and NASDAQ , according to Bloomberg News .
The firm was the 23rd largest market maker on NASDAQ in October , handling a daily average of about 50 million shares a day .
The firm specialized in handling orders from online brokers in some of the largest U.S. companies , including General Electric Co. and Citigroup Inc. , Bloomberg News reported .
But on Wednesday , Madoff allegedly told senior employees at his firm that his entire business was a fraud .
According to the federal complaint , Madoff told those employees that he was " finished " and that " it 's all one big lie . "
Madoff estimated " the losses from the fraud to be at least approximately $ 50 billion , " the complaint states .
At that time Madoff also told those employees that he intended to surrender to authorities , but before he did he planned to use $ 200 - 300 million he had left to make payments to " selected employees , family and friends , " the complaint states .
Madoff started his business in 1960 with $ 5000 in savings .
He resides in New York City and , according to clients , also maintains a posh waterfront home .
Known to his clients as Bernie , he has a long and significant history on Wall Street and has been a chairman of the board of the NASDAQ and was a founding member of the board of the International Securities Clearing Corp. in London .
Bernard Madoff's Arrest
Madoff was arrested Thursday morning by FBI agents and charged with criminal securities fraud by federal prosecutors in Manhattan .
The complaint states that he used " manipulative and deceptive practices . "
The complaint cites two senior employees in describing how Madoff kept his client records " under lock and key " and how he left them in the dark about how he managed the private client funds .
One of those employees , in interviews with the FBI , said that Madoff was " cryptic " in his statements .
This , according to clients , is in keeping with the aura that Madoff cultivated among his clients , some of whom have kept funds under management with him for generations .
But by the first week of December , when clients began clamoring for redemptions -- to the tune of $ 7 billion -- the complaint states that Madoff began a struggle to obtain the necessary liquidity .
The stress began to show , the employees said .
In a meeting at their boss 's Manhattan apartment -- held there following a confrontation in the office Wednesday because Madoff was n't sure " he would be able to " hold it together " if the conversation took place in the office -- the employees came away believing that Madoff was " saying , in substance that he had for years been paying returns to certain investors out of the principal received from other , different investors . "
The next day , Dec. 11 , Madoff spoke with FBI agent Theodore Cacioppi and invited the agent and another agent to his apartment .
Cacioppo stated in the complaint that he told Madoff he came by to see if " there 's an innocent explanation . "
" There is no innocent explanation , " Madoff replied , according to the sworn complaint .
Dan Horowitz , Madoff 's lawyer , did not return ABC News ' call Thursday , after the complaint was unsealed .
However , he told the Wall St. Journal earlier in the evening that " Bernard Madoff is a long - standing leader in the financial services industry with an unblemished record .
He is a person of integrity .
He intends to fight to get through this unfortunate event . "
Madoff was released on $ 10 million bond following a court appearance in Manhattan .
Click Here for the Investigative Homepage .
View Transcript
Transcript
A man says , " How can you say my trouble ticket is resolved when I still have the problem ? ? ! "
Dogbert says , " Resolved is a catch - all term that can mean a shift change , escalation , or even an accidental disconnect . "
The man says , " So ... you escalated it ? "
CLICK
Theophilos III , patriarch of the local Greek orthodox church which traces its roots back to the earliest Byzantine Christians in the Holy Land , said preserving the church was of critical importance .
" This Holy Place is associated not just with the birth of Jesus Christ but with the later birth and growth of Christianity , " he said from his office in the patriarchate inside the Old City of Jerusalem .
Mr Zaidi said his actions were for Iraqi widows and orphans An Iraqi journalist who flung shoes at US President George W Bush will go on trial on 31 December , his brother and a judge have said .
Muntadar al - Zaidi is accused of " aggression against a foreign head of state " over the 14 December incident .
The 28 - year - old , hailed as a hero by some in the Arab world , could face a jail term if convicted .
His brother says he has been abused in detention and plans to file a legal suit over his injuries .
The investigation phase is over and the case has been transferred to the Central Criminal Court
Judge Dhiya al - Kenani
Bush ' shoe maker ' hit by demand
The journalist hurled the shoes - a grave insult in the Arab world - at Mr Bush as he addressed a news conference in Baghdad , during a surprise one - day visit .
Calling the US president a " dog " , he said he was acting for " widows and orphans and all those killed in Iraq " .
' Sales spike ' Investigating Judge Dhiya al - Kenani told the AFP news agency that the trial date had been set for the last day of 2008 .
" The investigation phase is over and the case has been transferred to the Central Criminal Court , " he said .
Aggression against a head of state carries a prison term of between five and 15 years - but media reports said Mr al - Zaidi could eventually face a lesser charge of " attempted aggression " .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
The journalist 's brother , Uday al - Zaidi , confirmed the court date , but made accusations against the Iraqi authorities of beating and abusing his brother .
His brother had lost a tooth and had burns on his ears , he told the Associated Press news agency after visiting him in detention on Sunday .
He was planning to sue , he told the agency .
Mr Kenani rejected the allegations of abuse .
The only marks on Mr al - Zaidi's face were bruises , the judge said , and they were small ones received during the arrest , he told AFP .
Mr Bush himself has sought to play down the incident .
Last week his spokeswoman said he had " no hard feelings " over the matter .
But it has been gleefully seized upon by anti-Bush protesters around the world - and is reported to have boosted the business of one Turkish shoe - maker .
According to the New York Times , sales at the Istanbul - based Baydan Shoe Company have spiked after it claimed to have made the footwear hurled at Mr Bush .
Ramazan Baydan told the newspaper it was definitely his shoe , and boasted of new orders coming in from across the world .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" There are so many ways that disabilities can make people believe that they ' ca n't ' achieve their dreams , " said Jessica , who has not used artificial arms since was 13 .
Kara Goucher : NYC Marathon Time 2:25:53 Third Place ( Photos )
, 30 , middle and long distance runner who ran in the 10,000 m and 5,000 m finals at the Beijing Olympics , competed in her first marathon today in New York City .
The talented athlete finished the women 's race in third spot , becoming the first American woman on the podium since 1994 , whentook third .
A field of 39,000 runners competed in the event , weeded down from 100,000 applicants .
They were vying for cash prizes totaling $ 600,000 .
Born in New York , Kara moved in her childhood to Duluth , Minnesota with her mother and sisters after her father was killed in a car accident .
She now resides in Portland , Oregon with her husband and fellow runner Adam Goucher .
Check out our photo gallery below .
Check out Howard Stern 's new bride , Beth Ostrosky results and photos here .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
Ever since scientists began seriously exploring the possibilities of human genetic alteration , observers have tossed around the term , " designer baby . "
Good or bad ?
What do you think of embryo screening and human genetic alteration ?
But with genetic screening already happening -- including the ability to select a baby 's sex -- the possibility of being able to " design " a baby has never been more real .
British scientists have recently revealed a new karyomapping test that could become a universal way to screen for potential disease in embryos .
This would allow parents a chance to dictate which types of genes are implanted in the woman 's womb .
And the rush to identify which genes provide which characteristics in the human body is on , meaning we could one day be able to inject specific genes into an embryo to achieve a desired result .
While many scientists talk of the benefits of genetic screening and genetic alteration , including most notably the potential for eliminating hereditary diseases and disorders , others are more skeptical and have great concerns about the technology .
The Center for Genetics and Society is trying to encourage debate about the topic .
It says there is a huge risk that this technology could be misused and lead to clinics where future parents could select the skin and hair color , height , and many other characteristics of their child .
The center 's executive director , Richard Hayes , fears genetic alteration could lead to a race of genetic elites -- or cause irreversible damage to the human race .
Share your views on designer babies
What do you think of sex selection and other types of genetic alteration ?
Do you think we should be able to choose the sex or even hair color of our children ?
Or is this dangerous ?
Do the medical purposes of this technology outweigh the negatives ?
Post your comments in the Sound Off box below and we 'll publish the best .
" Koobface " is the name of the Trojan worm that 's been making its way through the social networking site Facebook lately , but to the site 's users , it 's been simply known as " the Facebook virus . "
That name will soon become a misnomer , though , because the worm is now spreading outside of Facebook 's walls to attack other social networks like Bebo , MySpace , Friendster , MyYearbook , and Blackplanet .
About Koobface
Once a computer has become infected with the Koobface worm , it spams the friends belonging to the owner of the computer by leaving comments on their profiles .
Those comments appear to come from the infected user , saying things like " Are you sure this is your first acting experience ? " , " is it u there ? " , " impressive .
i'm sure it 's you on this video " , " How can anyone get so busted by a spy camera ? " and " You 're the whole show ! i'm admired with you . "
Save for that last one , whose bad English will likely raise a flag that all is not what it seems , the other comments appeal to people 's vanity .
They wonder : is that really a video of me ?
and then click through on the link provided .
The link actually takes them to an off - site page which pretends to offer a video download from " YuoTube , " but then stalls saying that you 'll need a new version of Adobe 's Flash Player installed in order to continue .
Of course , if you click the button to proceed with the install , you 're infected .
Infected users are then directed to even more contaminated web sites when they try to use search engines , which puts them at risk of identity theft , among other things .
" Search terms are directed to find - www.net , " said McAfee 's Craig Schmugar , and that " enables ad hijacking and click fraud . "
Social Networks Will Be the New Breeding Ground for Viruses
Koobface may not be the first bit of malware to hit the social networks , but it has become so widespread that it now accounts for one percent of ScanSafe 's blocked malware , said ScanSafe senior security researcher Mary Landesman .
( Facebook will not disclose how many members are infected . )
What 's frightening about the spread of this Trojan is not the worm itself - it 's really nothing new in terms of malware - but the way its being spread .
Over the years people have learned to be suspicious of unknown links and attachments in their emails , so the virus writers turned to hit us where we 're more vulnerable : on our social networks .
Here , many people still have a feeling of comfort and security .
They do n't always have their guard up .
According to Graham Cluley , senior technology consultant at Sophos , " a key factor which helps social - networking spam and malware succeed is that people are more prepared to click on a link or message if they believe it is from someone they know .
The average person is used to receiving unsolicited e-mails in their regular inbox , but believe messages have more credence when they arrive via Facebook .
The message is clear -- people need to beware . "
Cluley also warns that the situation is going to get worse next year .
There will be more attacks and they will become more sophisticated .
" It will probably take a long time before the general public begins to learn that hackers and scammers are using the system for their own ends . "
How To Protect Yourself From Koobface
Besides doing the obvious - running an up - to - date antivirus , security patches , and firewalls - you should be on the look out for the following :
A sample spam message :
The malicious site :
The warning message :
You should also keep an eye on Facebook 's security page ( http://www.facebook.com/security) which warns of the latest threats .
Image credits : virus , courtesy of akajos ; Facebook screenshots , courtesy of McAfee Avert Labs
Copyright 2008 ReadWriteWeb .
All Rights Reserved .
The Great Depression was an economic catastrophe that subjected much of the country to poverty and insecurity for more than a decade .
But this catastrophe provided the political backdrop for enormous political change , including the national minimum wage , the 40 - hour working week , full legalisation of labour unions , and social security .
The current economic crisis provides the same sort of opportunity .
We are likely to see a higher minimum wage .
It is possible that an Obama administration will bring the United States in line with the rest of the world by guaranteeing workers some amount of paid sick leave and / or holiday pay .
It is also possible that it will act to protect workers ' right to organise by pushing through the Employee Free Choice Act .
But the really big follow on to social security – national healthcare insurance – is an item that should sit at the very top of President Obama 's agenda .
The reason is that we need to pass a stimulus package right away , and healthcare should be a very big part of this package .
The need for large - scale stimulus is recognised by economists across the political spectrum .
The housing sector has collapsed and will not be revived soon .
The bubble in commercial real estate is also now collapsing , putting a further drag on the economy .
Most importantly , consumer spending is crashing in response to the loss of more than $ 5tn in housing bubble wealth in addition to the loss of a comparable amount of wealth in the stock market .
The drop in annual consumption spending is likely to be in the range of $ 300 bn to $ 400bn .
A boost from the government is the only plausible way to replace this collapse in spending .
Most economists put the size of the necessary boost in the region of $ 300bn to $ 450bn annually .
New York Times columnist Paul Krugman has argued that $ 600bn is a more appropriate target .
Given the recent rise in the dollar , which will kill export growth , this higher figure is almost certainly a better target .
The problem is that it is not easy for the government to find ways to usefully spend this much money .
There are obvious ways in which the government can get money to help alleviate the impact of the downturn and increase spending , such as extending unemployment insurance benefits and increasing food stamps .
But additional spending in these areas is not likely to exceed $ 30bn .
It can probably spend another $ 60 bn a year on infrastructure projects , perhaps $ 50bn aiding hard - hit state and local governments , and maybe $ 40bn on green investment projects .
This adds up to $ 180bn , a figure well short of even the $ 300bn to $ 450 bn stimulus range .
This is where healthcare comes in .
Healthcare is a $ 2.4tn sector .
It can reasonably be expanded by 5 % to 10 % in a relatively short period of time , which would imply an additional $ 120bn to $ 240 bn in annual spending .
The jobs created in this sector would provide a substantial boost to the economy .
More importantly , we could substantially extend coverage through a stimulus package , getting much closer to the goal of a universal healthcare system .
The quickest way to get there would be with a tax credit for employers who cover currently uninsured workers .
Employers who already cover their workers can get a credit for increasing the generosity of their coverage .
Generous credits should be sufficient to extent coverage to most uncovered workers .
At the same time , the government could open up the Medicare system , allowing all employers and individuals to buy into a Medicare - type plan that would compete with private insurers .
This step , together with rules that limit abuses by private insurers , would be important in setting up a system that allows for cost containment over the long run .
After two years , the credits could be phased down to the earnings - based subsidies advocated by Obama during his campaign .
In the longer - term , steps could also be taken to fill the gaps to ensure that people still left behind get covered .
The downturn has given President Obama the opportunity to quickly accomplish one of the most important goals he set himself during the campaign .
One of the biggest problems in getting to universal coverage was finding the money to extend care before reforms could actually rein in costs .
The recession brought on by the collapse of the housing bubble has created a situation in which the main priority for the moment is spending money , not saving it .
There is no better way for us to spend large amounts right now than getting our healthcare system in order .
President Obama should seize this extraordinary opportunity .
Brad Friedman Byon
10/13/2008 , 1:29 pm PT
Please read my column this week at the UK's Guardian on " The Republican Voter Fraud Hoax " .
It 's a disgrace that these issues are often covered better in Great Britain and even in Russia , than they are in my own country .
If you can , please join me in trying to change that .
When do you think the expression “ India Pale Ale ” was first used ?
Much , much later than you ’d imagine , and much , much later than the idea of a pale ale exported to the Far East .
The term India Pale
Ale does not appear in print until June 1837 ( correction – a couple of years earlier , as I described here ) , more than half a century , at least , after pale ale brewed in Britain started being sold in India .
So what was it known as , then ?
Before 1837 the beer we now call India Pale Ale , or IPA , was labelled simply “ pale ale ” when it was being sold in India , or “ Indian beer ” back home in England , or , in the early to mid-1830s , “ Pale Ale as prepared for India ” .
On Thursday June 15 1837 , however , George Shove , a wine and beer merchant of Threadneedle Street , close to the Bank of England in the City of London , advertised for sale in The Times , alongside “ Guinness ’s extra Double Stout ” , six shillings and sixpence ( 6s 6d ) a dozen bottles , Barclay ’s brown stout , 6s 6d , and best porter , 4s 3d , and Edinburgh ale , 7s 6d , “ Hodgson ’s India pale ale , 6s 6d ” , This was the first time , as far as either I or the Oxford English Dictionary can see , that the phrase “ India pale ale ” was ever used in print .
Five days later William IV died , and his niece Victoria climbed on to the British throne .
Doubtless some of her new subjects toasted her health in IPA .
I was digging around the Times archive after somebody on the Northern Brewer homebrewer ’s site in the United States posted a link to my “ George Hodgson did n’t invent IPA ” page , which brought a torrent of hits ( at one point around 75 per cent of my blog hits were coming from across the Atlantic ) and a wave of anger from people upset that I was trashing one of their favourite stories .
Somebody asked when IPA was supposed to have come in , which made me realise I did n’t actually know when the words “ India Pale Ale ” were first used .
Somebody else complained that I was “ nit- picking ” .
If saying “ the generally accepted story about the birth of IPA is almost entirely wrong ” is nit-picking , that ’s a bloody big nit .
Someone else complained that
“ this guy is just going out of his way to poke holes in the common story about the ipa style …
The point is that Hodgson was the first to brew ‘ india pale ale ’ ( from everything i’ve read ) and therefore brewed the first of the style ”
which is entirely not grasping my own point , or points .
The first is that the “ common story ” already has huge holes in it , and I ’m not poking them , I ’m just holding them up and saying : “ Look – big holes ! ” .
There is no contemporary evidence ( and by “ contemporary ” I mean “ contemporary with George Hodgson ” ) to support the “ common story ” that Hodgson deliberately designed a beer to survive the journey to India .
No writer before William Molyneaux in 1869 , in a book called Burton - on - Trent , its History , its Waters and its Breweries , says Hodgson invented IPA , and Molyneaux was writing more than 80 years at least after pale ale had begun being regularly exported to India .
Certainly Hodgson never claimed it invented the style .
The main advantages Hodgson had were nothing to do , initially , with the quality of his brew , but the fact that his brewery at Bow , on the Middlesex - Essex border and some three or four miles from London Bridge , was close to where the East Indiaman ships set out from Blackwall on the Thames to sail to the East ; and he was willing to extend lengthy credit to his customers .
George Hodgson did n’t invent a new style , since the evidence is that what he sent out was no different , at least in the beginning , from other pale ales being brewed at that time .
Who says ?
Well , if you look at the contemporary evidence , it ’s clear Hodgson was n’t doing anything out of the ordinary , and very probably was n’t a pioneer .
Nothing contemporary suggests that the pale ales being sold in India in the 18th century were different from the pale ales being sold in England at the same time , or that exporting pale ale to India was any sort of innovation by Hodgson .
Pale ale is mentioned by Michael Combrune in his Theory and Practice of Brewing , published in 1761 .
There is a good suggestion , in fact , that pale ale was being exported abroad from London before 1715 : a book called Social Life in the Reign of Queen Anne : Taken from Original Sources , by John Ashton , published in 1882 , quotes the following advertisement :
Any Merchant that has occasion for Pale Ale and Stout , to send to the West Indies , may at any time be supplied at the Fountain Brewhouse , by the Hermitage , with Beer for Shipping at reasonable rates .
Unfortunately the book does n’t say what the “ original source ” for this ad was , and it ’s not even clear where the brewery was , but there was ( and still is ) a part of Wapping by the Thames called the Hermitage , and though I ca n’t trace a Fountain brewery there , the later Sun brewery , Wapping was certainly exporting ale abroad .
As far as pale ale exports to India goes , the British Library in Euston has a copy of a five - volume publication called Selections from Calcutta Gazettes 1784 - 1823 by W.S. Seton - Karr and Hugh Sandeman , which contains extracts from a number of advertisements from Calcutta merchants selling goods brought out to India by the captains of East Indiamen sailing ships , who were allowed to conduct private business on their own accounts .
The first one to include beer , from April 8 1784 , mentions “ cyder , 20 rupees per doz . ” , and “ London porter and pale ale , light and excellent , 150 rupees per hogshead , 12 rupees per doz . bottles . ”
Among the points to be noticed here are ( 1 ) porter , as well as pale ale ( and indeed cider ) were being exported to India in 1784 ; and ( 2 ) pale ale was n’t seen as anything out of the ordinary : it received no special underlining , and it was selling for the same price as the porter .
Another advertisement from the Calcutta Gazette a couple of years later , June 8 1786 , deserves quoting more fully :
Per ship Phoenix :
The whole of Captain Rattray ’s Investment , purchased by messers Sanders & Lacey … exposed for sale at their warehouse on Wednesday next .
From the very quick passage of the Phoenix ( she having been little more than four months from England ) they have every reason to expect that the eatables and drinkables will be in the highest perfection .
… wines ,
Herefordshire cyder , Porter in casks , ditto in bottles , small ale and strong ale … cheese , hams … china , glass … perfume … clothes … and everything else to fit out a home .
So , not only porter , but “ small ale ” was being shipped to India .
Small ale was made at a strength of four or five barrels from a quarter of malt , was lightly hopped and probably was n’t much higher than about 4.5 per cent or 5 per cent alcohol by volume : so much for the idea that malt liquor had to be strong and well hopped to survive the journey east .
We can guess that the “ strong ale ” was probably pale ale , but it was n’t specifically being described as such .
The ads also make it clear that the East Indiaman captains were not bringing out goods to sell to soldiers ( or not just soldiers ) , but for the families of the East India Company ’s civilian staff ( the “ civil servants ” ) , to give them a literal and metaphorical taste of England in Bengal .
Other advertisements through the 1790s in the Gazette continue to mention small beer and porter from England for sale alongside pale ale , brewers unnamed .
Then on January 22 1801 the Gazette printed an advertisement for the
Investment of Captain Lambe , No. 12 Old Court House Street just landed and now exposed for sale for ready money only … Beer from Hodgson , Sa. Rs. 140 , claret 43 per doz , port 25 ditto , gin in pipes 3 1 / 2r per gall … hams , cheese , pickles , tongues …
This is the first mention I have found of Hodgson by name in India , and it is noteworthy that what is being sold is described simply as “ beer ” , no more specific than that .
( “ Sa Rs ” , incidentally , stands for “ Sicca rupees ” , one Sicca rupee being worth around two shillings and sixpence , and assuming the price given was per hogshead , that suggests beer in India was selling for about six shillings and sixpence a gallon , more than four times what it cost at home in England . )
Clearly , though , Hodgson ’s beer now had a reputation good enough for it to be mentioned by name , and the Middlesex brewer ’s reputation continued to swell .
In May 1809 the Calcutta Gazette advertised “ Hodgson ’s select Pale Ale , warranted of superior excellence , in new English quart bottles , at per dozen Sicca Rupees 11 , and in chests of six dozen , at Sicca Rupees 68 … apply to J. Maclachlan , No. 3 China Bazaar . ”
At last the beer is actually described as “ pale ale ” .
An even louder eulogy for the Bow brewery ’s product came in an advertisement in the Gazette from June 1822 for a “ select investment of Prime London Goods , just landed from the HC [ Honourable Company ] ship Sir David Scott … port wine … English claret … perfume … hams and cheese …
Hodgson ’s warranted prime picked pale ale of the genuine October brewing , warranted fully equal , if not superior , to any beer before received in the settlement . ”
October - brewed ales were generally brewed stronger , to be “ stock ” ales , for maturing and keeping through until the following summer , or longer .
However , Hodgson was not the only brewer supplying the Indian market .
His rivals included Barclay Perkins , the big Southwark porter brewer , which was brewing “ India Ale ” in 1799 , and his near - neighbour WA Brown at the Imperial Brewery , Bromley by Bow , a short distance down the Lea river from Hodgson ’s premises at Bow ( and thus even closer to where the East Indiamen docked at Blackwall ) .
Brown was advertising in The Times in August 1817 : “ Captains and merchants supplied with Pale Ale , prepared for the East and West India Climate , on liberal terms , ” with the “ captains ” surely meaning the commanders of the East Indiamen .
When the Sun brewery , Wapping , was put up for auction in June 1819 it was described as having “ a highly respectable and lucrative shipping trade ” which had been established “ for many years ” – the brewery looks to have been in existence since at least 1763 .
Another London brewer , Drury , Thompson and Neale of Southwark , “ near the New Bridge ” , was telling readers of The Times in February 1819 that it had “ Ale , Pale Ale , Stout and Porter always ready for export orders . ”
The differentiation in this last ad between ale and pale ale raises an as - yet unanswered point : “ ale ” was generally made from pale malt anyway at this time , so why was it necessary to have another type called “ pale ale ” ?
I suspect this was to do with the fact ( which I have n’t blogged about yet , but I intend to ) that more - hopped malt liquors even in the early 19th century were generally called “ beer ” while less - hopped malt liquors were called “ ale ” , an echo of the centuries - old arrival of hopped beer in Britain , at a time when ale did n’t have any hops in at all .
Porter , being well - hopped , was thus always a beer .
The malt liquor Hodgson , Brown and others exported under the name “ pale ale ” should properly , I think , being well - hopped , have been called “ pale beer ” to differentiate it from “ dark beer ” , that is , porter .
The best answer I can give to why it was called “ pale ale ” is that “ pale ale ” is much more euphonious than “ pale beer ” , and so pale ale was what it was called .
London ale was generally sold “ mild ” , that is , unaged and relatively sweet .
There is a fascinating reference in a book with the title of The White Man ’s Grave : A Visit to Sierra Leone in 1834 by F Harrison Rankin , published in 1836 , talking about why they were literally dragging dead soldiers out of the drains of Freetown after heavy rain , where they had fallen in while drunk :
“ Rum costs a ‘ cut - money ’ , or thirteen pence , a bottle ; ‘ Hodgson ’s mild ale ’ , the only malt liquor , the same price : with such a choice it is easy to judge to which the lower classes would give preference . ”
If the quote is correct , it looks as if Hodgson ’s brewery was also exporting mild ale , to West Africa at least .
( What is meant by “ cut- money ” here I do n’t know : in the United States the term meant , literally , a coin that had been cut , in half or in quarter , to make change , but 13 pence is n’t a fraction of any British coin …)
The Bow brewery was certainly exporting other beers than pale ale even in the 1820s .
An ad in the Gazette for June 5 1823 shows messers TR Wiltshire & Co of the British and French Ware house , Old Court Street , Calcutta , advertising “ wine and esculentary delicacies ” including “ Beer and Porter from Hodgson ” .
Incidentally , the often - repeated story that IPA only became popular in Britain after a shipwreck in the Irish Channel “ about the year 1827 ” of a ship carrying 300 hogsheads of beer to the east , when some of the casks salvaged from the wreck , were sold off in Liverpool by the underwriters , is knocked on the head by an advertisement from The Times on January 11 1822 , when 139 hogsheads of “ Pale Ale brewed expressly for the India market ” and “ suitable for warm climates or home consumption ” were advertised for sale by auction “ at the Glasgow and Leith wharf , near the Tower [ of London ] . ”
Who the brewer was , alas , the ad does n’t say .
What it does indicate , by talking about “ Pale Ale brewed expressly for the India market ” , and taking it along with W.A. Brown ’s ad from five years earlier , for “ Pale Ale prepared for the East and West India Climate ” is that there now appears to be in existence a type of pale ale that was qualitatively different from pale ale not brewed expressly or prepared for hot climates .
But no particular big deal was made of it , it was given no particular special name and it was associated with no particular brewer .
It certainly does n’t say anything about what Hodgson was doing .
Click to read part 2
Copyright ( C ) 2013 頭皮や髪の健康維持には欠かせない All Rights Reserved .
Berlin ( Reuters ) - Die vier großen Energiekonzerne Deutschlands haben ihre Gewinne in den vergangenen fünf Jahren laut dem Entwurf einer Studie der grünen Bundestagsfraktion verdreifacht .
Im selben Zeitraum seien die Strompreise um mehr als die Hälfte gestiegen , berichtete die “ Berliner Zeitung ” ( Montagausgabe ) , der der Entwurf vorlag .
“ Auch für das Jahr 2008 deutet sich trotz Finanzkrise abermals ein Rekordgewinn an , wenn man die Zahlen der ersten neun Monate bis zum Jahresende fortschreibt ” , heißt es in dem Papier .
2007 hatten sich die Gewinne der vier großen Konzerne E.ON , Vattenfall , EnBW und RWE demnach auf knapp 20 Milliarden Euro summiert .
It 's fun to redecorate for that altering seasons and holidays , but it 's especially enjoyable to organize your house for Christmas .
Regardless of how you ...
Some are born radical .
Some are made radical .
And some have radicalism thrust upon them .
That is the way with Ben Bernanke , as he struggles to rescue the American financial system from collapse .
Early every morning , weekends included , Bernanke arrives at the headquarters of the Federal Reserve , an austere white marble pile on Constitution Avenue in Foggy Bottom .
The Fed , which is as hushed inside as a mausoleum , is a place of establishment reserve .
Its echoing hallways are lined with sombre paintings .
The office occupied by Bernanke , a soft - spoken fifty - four - year - old former professor , has high ceilings , several shelves of economics textbooks , and , on the desk , a black Bloomberg terminal .
On a shelf in a nearby closet sits a scruffy gym bag , which in calmer days Bernanke took to the Fed gym , where he played pickup basketball with his staffers .
Bernanke says that he was “ mistaken early on in saying that the subprime crisis would be contained . ”
Photograph by Platon
At Princeton , where Bernanke taught economics for many years , he was known for his retiring manner and his statistics - laden research on the Great Depression .
For more than a year after he was appointed by President George W. Bush to chair the Fed , in February , 2006 , he faithfully upheld the policies of his immediate predecessor , the charismatic free - market conservative Alan Greenspan , and he adhered to the central bank ’s formal mandates : controlling inflation and maintaining employment .
But since the market for subprime mortgages collapsed , in the summer of 2007 , the growing financial crisis has forced Bernanke to intervene on Wall Street in ways never before contemplated by the Fed .
He has slashed interest rates , established new lending programs , extended hundreds of billions of dollars to troubled financial firms , bought debt issued by industrial corporations such as General Electric , and even taken distressed mortgage assets onto the Fed ’s books .
( In March , to facilitate the takeover by J. P. Morgan of Bear Stearns , a Wall Street investment bank that was facing bankruptcy , the Fed acquired twenty - nine billion dollars ’ worth of Bear Stearns ’s bad mortgage assets . )
These moves hardly amount to a Marxist revolution , but , in the eyes of many economists , including supporters and opponents of the measures , they represent a watershed in American economic and political history .
Ben Bernanke , who seemed to have been selected as much for his predictability as for his economic expertise , is now engaged in the boldest use of the Fed ’s authority since its inception , in 1913 .
Bernanke , working closely with Henry ( Hank ) Paulson , the Treasury Secretary , a voluble former investment banker , was determined to keep the financial sector operating long enough so that it could repair itself — a policy that he and his Fed colleagues referred to as the “ finger - in - the - dike ” strategy .
As recently as Labor Day , he believed that the strategy was working .
The credit markets remained open ; the economy was still expanding , if slowly ; oil prices were dropping ; and there were tentative signs that house prices were stabilizing .
“ A lot can still go wrong , but at least I can see a path that will bring us out of this entire episode relatively intact , ” he told a visitor to his office in August .
By mid-September , however , the outlook was much grimmer .
On Monday , September 15th , Lehman Brothers , another Wall Street investment bank that had made bad bets on subprime mortgage securities , filed for bankruptcy protection , after Bernanke , Paulson , and the bank ’s senior executives failed to find a way to save it or to sell it to a healthier firm .
During the next forty - eight hours , the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell nearly four hundred points ; Bank of America announced its purchase of Merrill Lynch ; and American International Group , the country ’s biggest insurance company , began talks with the New York Fed about a possible rescue .
Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley , the two wealthiest investment banks on Wall Street , were also in trouble .
Their stock prices tumbled as rumors circulated that they were having difficulty borrowing money .
“ Both Goldman and Morgan were having a run on the bank , ” a senior Wall Street executive told me .
“ People started withdrawing their balances .
Counterparties started insisting that they post more collateral . ”
The Fed talked with Wall Street executives about creating a “ lifeline ” for Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley , which would have given the firms greater access to central - bank funds .
But Bernanke decided that even more drastic action was needed .
On Wednesday , September 17th , a day after the Fed agreed to inject eighty - five billion dollars of taxpayers ’ money into A.I.G. , Bernanke asked Paulson to accompany him to Capitol Hill and make the case for a congressional bailout of the entire banking industry .
“ We ca n’t keep doing this , ” Bernanke told Paulson .
“ Both because we at the Fed do n’t have the necessary resources and for reasons of democratic legitimacy , it ’s important that the Congress come in and take control of the situation . ”
Paulson agreed .
A bailout ran counter to the Bush Administration ’s free - market principles and to his own belief that reckless behavior should not be rewarded , but he had worked on Wall Street for thirty - two years , most recently as the C.E.O. of Goldman Sachs , and had never seen a financial crisis of this magnitude .
He had come to respect Bernanke ’s judgment , and he shared his conviction that , in an emergency , pragmatism trumps ideology .
The next day , the men decided , they would go see President Bush .
On October 3rd , Congress passed an amended bailout bill , giving the Secretary of the Treasury broad authority to purchase from banks up to seven hundred billion dollars in mortgage assets , but the turmoil on Wall Street continued .
Between October 6th and October 10th , the Dow suffered its worst week in a hundred years , falling eighteen per cent .
As the selling spread to overseas markets , the Fed ’s failure to save Lehman Brothers was roundly condemned .
Christine Lagarde , the French finance minister , described it as a “ horrendous ” error that threatened the global financial system .
Richard Portes , an economist at the London Business School , wrote in the Financial Times , “ The U.S. authorities ’ decision to let Lehman Brothers fail will be severely criticised by financial historians — the next generation of Bernankes . ”
Even Alan Blinder , an old friend and former colleague of Bernanke ’s in the economics department at Princeton , who served as vice - chairman of the Fed from 1994 to 1996 , was critical .
“ Maybe there were arguments on either side before the decision , ” he told me .
“ After the fact , it is extremely clear that everything fell apart on the day Lehman went under . ”
The most serious charge against Bernanke and Paulson is that their response to the crisis has been ad hoc and contradictory : they rescued Bear Stearns but allowed Lehman Brothers to fail ; for months , they dismissed the danger from the subprime crisis and then suddenly announced that it was grave enough to justify a huge bailout ; they said they needed seven hundred billion dollars to buy up distressed mortgage securities and then , in October , used the money to purchase stock in banks instead .
Summing up the widespread frustration with Bernanke , Dean Baker , the co-director of the Center for Economic and Policy Research , a liberal think tank in Washington , told me , “ He was behind the curve at every stage of the story .
He did n’t see the housing bubble until after it burst .
Until as late as this summer , he downplayed all the risks involved .
In terms of policy , he has not presented a clear view .
On a number of occasions , he has pointed in one direction and then turned around and acted differently .
I would be surprised if Obama wanted to reappoint him when his term ends ” — in January , 2010 .
Bernanke and Paulson ’s reversals have been deeply unsettling , perhaps especially so for the millions of Americans who have lost jobs or defaulted on mortgages so far this year .
And yet , for the past year and a half , the government has confronted a financial debacle of unprecedented size and complexity .
“ Everyone knew there were issues and potential problems , ” John Mack , the chairman and chief executive of Morgan Stanley , told me .
“ Nobody knew the enormity of it , how global it was and how deep it was . ”
In responding to the crisis , Bernanke has effectively transformed the Fed into an Atlas for the financial sector , extending more than $ 1.5 trillion in loans to troubled banks and investment firms , and providing financial guarantees worth roughly another $ 1.5 trillion , making it global capitalism ’s lender of first and last ( and sometimes only ) resort .
“ Do you want to reconsider that move — or shall I bring back the big pawn ? ” Facebook
Twitter
Email
Shopping
“ Under Ben ’s leadership , we have felt compelled to create a new playbook for the Fed , ” Kevin Warsh , a Fed governor who has worked closely with Bernanke , told me .
“ The circumstances of the last year caused us to cross more lines than this institution has crossed in the previous seventy years . ”
Paul Krugman , the Times columnist , a former colleague of Bernanke ’s at Princeton , and the winner of this year ’s Nobel Prize in Economics , said , “ I do n’t think any other central banker in the world would have done as much by way of expanding credit , putting the Fed into unconventional assets , and so on .
Now , you might say that it all has n’t been enough .
But I guess I think that ’s more a reflection of the limits to the Fed ’s power than of Bernanke getting it wrong .
And things could have been much worse . ”
Six and a half years ago , Bernanke was a little - known professor living in Montgomery Township , a hamlet near Princeton .
Long hours , enormous stress , and constant criticism have left him looking pale and drawn .
“ Ben is a very decent and sincere person , ” Richard Fisher , the president of the Dallas Fed , told me .
“ The question is , Is that an asset or a liability in his job ?
If he were six feet seven , like Paul Volcker ” — a former Fed chairman — “ that would be a big advantage .
If he was a tough S.O.B. , like Jerry Corrigan ” — a former head of the New York Fed , who successfully managed a previous financial crisis , in 1987 — “ that would be a big advantage .
But you make do with what you have — a prodigious brain , a tremendous knowledge of past financial crises , and a personality that is above reproach .
And you surround yourself with good people and use their expertise . ”
As Fed chairman , Bernanke inherited an unprecedented housing bubble and an unsustainable borrowing spree .
The collapse of these phenomena occurred with astonishing speed and violence .
The only precursor for the current financial crisis is the Great Depression , but even that is n’t a very good comparison .
In the nineteen - thirties , the financial system was much less sophisticated and interconnected .
In dealing with problems affecting arcane new financial products , including “ collateralized debt obligations , ” “ credit default swaps , ” and “ tri-party repos , ” Bernanke and his colleagues have had to become expert in market transactions of baffling intricacy .
Bernanke grew up in Dillon , South Carolina , an agricultural town just across the state line from North Carolina , where , in 1941 , his paternal grandfather , Jonas Bernanke , a Jewish immigrant from Austria , founded the Jay Bee Drugstore , subsequently operated by Ben ’s father and an uncle .
The eldest of three siblings , Bernanke learned to read in kindergarten and skipped first grade .
When he was eleven , he won the state spelling championship and went to Washington to compete in the National Spelling Bee .
He made it to the second round , but stumbled on the word “ edelweiss , ” an Alpine flower featured in “ The Sound of Music . ”
He had n’t seen the movie , because Dillon did n’t have a movie theatre .
Had he spelled the word correctly and won the competition , Bernanke tells friends , he would have appeared on “ The Ed Sullivan Show , ” which was his dream .
In high school , Bernanke taught himself calculus , submitted eleven entries to a state poetry contest , and played alto saxophone in the marching band .
During his junior year , he scored 1590 out of 1600 on his S.A.T.s — the highest score in South Carolina that year — and the state awarded him a trip to Europe .
In the fall of 1971 , he entered Harvard , where he wrote a prize - winning senior thesis on the economic effects of U.S. energy policy .
After graduating , he enrolled at M.I.T. , whose Ph.D. program in economics was rated the best in the country .
His doctoral thesis was a dense mathematical treatise on the causes of economic fluctuations .
He accepted a job at the Stanford Graduate School of Business , where Anna Friedmann , a Wellesley senior whom Bernanke married the weekend after she graduated , had been admitted into the master ’s program in Spanish .
The couple lived in Northern California for six years , until Princeton awarded Bernanke , then just thirty - one , a tenured position .
Settling in Montgomery Township , they brought up two children : Joel , who is now twenty - five and applying to medical school , and Alyssa , a twenty - two - year - old student at St. John ’s College .
By 2001 , Bernanke was the editor of the American Economic Review and the co-author , with Robert Frank , of “ Principles of Economics , ” a well - regarded college textbook .
His scholarly interests ranged from abstruse matters such as the theoretical merits of setting a formal inflation target to historical questions , including the causes of the Great Depression .
Even when Bernanke was writing about historical events , much of his scholarship was couched in impenetrable technical language .
“ I always thought that Ben would stay in academia , ” Mark Gertler , an economist at New York University who has known Bernanke well since 1979 , told me .
“ But two things happened . ”
The announcement that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac have been taken over by the US government because they were ' too big to fail ' is just the latest in a series of taxpayer bailouts .
This time we 're in for more than $ 200 billion to bail out these firms and stabilize the market - especially overseas markets so they will continue to invest in the US .
Ironically , the heads of these firms will walk away with millions of dollars in their pockets while pension funds , mutual funds and common stock holdings of the little guy get decimated .
Despite these firms acting so recklessly whereby top management pocketed millions in profits , they 're more than comfortable with socializing the losses on to the American taxpayer .
So much for a free market , huh ?
Enough already .
It 's time for the American taxpayer to stand up and insist that the Congress get a backbone and create a solution that works FOR the taxpayer instead of against it .
There is historical precedent for this - and one that 's already proved successful --- create a publicly owned bank .
In doing so , we would set up a system where money is circulated in such a way that we could avoid inflation and fund government operations without taxes .
For more details , see www.webofdebt.com.
The current mess - not only with Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac but Bear Stearns , UBS , Northern Rock bank ( nationalized in England ) and many others -- exposes a major problem of the private banking system , where those who run it stand to profit despite violating any type of business controls .
Because they keep getting bailed out , there 's no incentive for them to act responsibly and so they do n't .
As a result , many banks sit on the brink of failing .
The taxpayer cannot be subsidizing the wealthy few who are laughing all the way to the bank on the back of the taxpayer !
The private banking system benefits so few , while a public banking system can benefit the many .
We 've had a public banking system before : in the 1930's , as a result of the worldwide Depression , the Reconstruction Finance Corporation was created .
The RFC was a wholly government owned agency that performed the function of a public bank .
It was successful at pulling the US out of the Depression as well as financing World War II .
And amazingly , it turned a small profit .
That profit gets returned to the American taxpayer while providing a banking system that is effective in funding mortgages , infrastructure like bridges and roads and other services necessary to keep our economy vibrant .
We can take this step again .
In doing so , we could take over Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac and end up in the plus column instead of where we are now - watching $ 200 billion get siphoned out of your children 's future and out of our economy .
Congress could take this step instead of the one the Treasury Department announced over the weekend .
Call your congressman today and ask " Is n't it time to open up the Reconstruction Finance Corporation again ? "
In doing so , we tell Congress " no thanks " on the bailout , we choose public banking instead .
Hey - it 's our money , and our choice .
A dozen London boroughs have implemented a " risk assessment " policy for live music that permits the police to ban any live music if they fail to receive personal details from the performers 14 days in advance .
The demand explicitly singles out performances and musical styles favoured by the black community : garage and R&B , and MCs and DJs .
However all musical performances - from one man playing a guitar on up - are subject to the demands once implemented by the council .
And the threat is serious : failure to comply " may jeopardise future events by the promoter or the venue " .
UK Music chief Feargal Sharkey told a House of Commons select committee that the policy had already been used to pull the plug on an afternoon charity concert of school bands in a public park organised by a local councillor .
" No alcohol would be sold , tickets were limited to three maximum , and the councillor offered to supply eight registered doormen .
Police objected on the grounds that the names , addresses and dates of birth of the young performer could not be provided , " said Sharkey , speaking to the Department of Culture Media and Sport 's hearing on venue licensing today .
" Live music is now a threat to the prevention of terrorism " , he concluded .
In response , Detective Superintendent Dave Eyles from the Met 's clubs and vice office told us that 10,000 such Risk Assessments would be processed this year .
He said they were n't compulsory :
" We can't demand it - we recommend that you provide it as best practice .
But you 're bloody silly if you do n't , because you 're putting your venue at risk . "
The Risk Assessment , or to give its official name " Form 696 " can be found here ( Word doc 184 kb or Google HTML cache ) .
We 've highlighted a couple of excerpts below .
Bashment Jaxx ?
Black urban musical styles are singled out
Licensing of live music is nominally under the democratic control of local authorities .
However , few councillors dare contradict the advice of the constabulary - even when such advice exceeds the police 's authority , as it does here .
John Whittingdale , the Culture select committee chairman , described it as " a consequence of the Metropolitan Poice exceeding what is required by law " .
The police want information 14 days in advance to assess the risk of a terror threat
' Propensity to violence '
" Have a look at the papers and tell me where the black - on - black shootings happen ?
They 're around the night time economy , " said Eyles .
" Music promotions attract people who have a propensity to use violence .
That 's not speculation .
We have a duty to prevent that from happening . "
But even if that 's true , why vet then the performers ?
Unless the performers attack the audience , Sid Vicious - style in the fictional Great Rock and Roll Swindle ?
" We 're not vetting the performers - we 're looking at the audience .
It 's not the music it 's the people who follow it , who use that event as a catalyst to commit crimes .
But , Form 696 explictly vets the performers .
We read it out .
" Some venues use their inhouse DJs all the time - others fly them in from around the world .
It 's not just their track record in the UK we 're looking at but we 're looking worldwide - what has happened historically at those events " .
With the police groaning under bureaucracy , was 10,000 extra forms really justified ?
" We can effectively look at those venues and say by putting in some measures as a last resort , canceling the event , we can prevent crime . "
But did n't Sharkey 's example - a kids concert in the park - suggest that the system was being abused ?
" I would doubt that 's factually correct , " said Eyles .
" I 've never known an event to be cancelled because a Risk Assessment was n't completed .
If we went to the organisers and asked them to pull it , we would be laughed out of court .
I cannot believe that would happen .
In itself , it 's not grounds to shut an event down . "
Readers can browse 696 and judge for themselves . ®
Rahm Emanuel , Pitbull politician
He 's a killler strategist and nonstop fundraiser , with a style one ally likens to a " toothache . "
Meet the Chicago Congressman who 's one of the big reasons the Democrats have a shot to retake the house .
By Nina Easton
( Washingion D.C ) Fortune --
On a wretchedly hot August day outside the Caterpillar tractor plant in Montgomery , Ill. , President Bush and the state 's congressional delegation gather for the signing of the massive transportation bill .
This is 2005 , the calm before the Katrina storm , and a rigorous mountain - biking schedule has the President in top shape .
In off - camera chitchat with the shirt - sleeved lawmakers , Bush takes note of Democratic Congressman Rahm Emanuel 's deep tan , prompting the 46 - year - old Emanuel to boast about the miles of swimming and biking in his triathlon training schedule .
Testosterone oozes into the humid air space between the two men .
Bush invites Emanuel down to Texas to do some real biking .
" So I said , ' I 'll make you a deal , Mr. President .
I 'll bike if you swim . '
Now he did n't exactly say swimming was a wussy sport , but you could tell ....
So I said , ' Mr. President , Laura can put your water wings next to the lake .
You can have your water wings . ' "
At that point you might think this graduate of the Evanston School of Ballet - a man whose office features sunset photos and who has the mellow chords of David Gray playing on his iPod - would leave well enough alone .
But Emanuel is hard - wired to go for the jugular : Politics Chicago - style are part of his DNA .
So he sharpens his drill bit on the leader of the free world .
" I said to him , ' You 're not one of those tribathletes , are you , Mr. President ?
You know - steam , sauna , shower ? '
" And Bush goes , ' That 's g-o - o - d. ' "
Eyes dancing , Emanuel spins that last word with a solid impersonation of the President 's Midland drawl .
He is recounting this story 11 months later , from an office overlooking a construction site and a freeway , four blocks from the leadership offices of the U.S. Capitol he hopes to occupy some day .
He has just returned from the House floor , taut and unable to sit still , his kinetic brain consumed by an upcoming election that will affect the personal fate of both men .
Banter with a U.S. President is nothing new to Emanuel ; he was at Bill Clinton 's side as a political advisor inside the White House for six years and still talks strategy with him at least once a month .
Now chair of the Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee - the operations center for House candidates ( Washington nickname : " D - Triple C " ) - Emanuel is applying rugged business discipline to the Democratic Party 's historic effort to wrest control of the U.S. House from the Republicans .
Last year he recruited dozens of candidates to challenge GOP incumbents .
This year he is holding feet to the fire to raise record amounts for the Democrats ' effort .
Along the way Emanuel has widened his core of admirers - and made powerful enemies .
Nervous about being swamped by Republican money this fall , he spent the summer locked in a bitter dispute with Democratic National Committee chair Howard Dean over the allocation of election resources - the political equivalent of Microsoft executives arguing over how many Xboxes to ship where for the Christmas season .
In private Emanuel told off Dean .
In public he 's aimed similar messages at liberal financiers like George Soros for being stingy and at the leftist activists in MoveOn.org for being ineffective .
" Is there anyone Rahm Emanuel is n't fighting with ? " asks a MyDD blogger .
A straw poll by another leftist blog , Daily Kos , gave Emanuel a 58 % disapproval rating .
All this matters , of course , only if the Democrats lose .
" Holy Christ , his butt is on the line , " says Democratic strategist Paul Begala , who describes Emanuel 's aggressive style as a " cross between a hemorrhoid and a toothache . "
Begala continues , " I love Rahm , but that 's a small group of us .
He 's not a beloved figure like Tip O'Neill or Dick Gephardt .
Rahm 's there because they want to win . "
If Emanuel does succeed in returning House Democrats to power for the first time in 12 years , it 's a safe bet that this one - time investment banker will vault up the House leadership ranks and eventually be in a position to bid for the Speaker 's title that Chicagoans once hoped would be held by their legendary Dan Rostenkowski .
Hillary Clinton may or may not become the party 's presidential nominee .
Howard Dean and Nancy Pelosi may or may not remain the GOP 's favorite tetherballs .
But Emanuel - now only 47 years old and in a safe district - is fast emerging as a new force in the Democratic Party .
He also symbolizes the party 's painful internal divisions .
He is praised by Democratic strategists who think the party needs to resist moving left ( nearly twice as many American voters call themselves conservative as call themselves liberal ) and distrusted by some in the party 's liberal wing .
He considers Connecticut Senator Joseph Lieberman a good friend , even though Lieberman 's support of the Iraq war inflamed leftist sentiment and cost him his party 's nomination .
" We have two Democrats running , " Emanuel says , referring to Lieberman , now campaigning as an independent , and primary winner Ned Lamont .
Emanuel himself criticizes Bush 's conduct of the war but not the original decision to topple Saddam Hussein .
Still , even the most liberal activists admire Emanuel 's martial instincts .
Borrowing Newt Gingrich 's battle cry that politics is " war without blood , " Emanuel has come out swinging , determined to avoid a replay of the timid , flip - flopping mess that was the 2004 campaign .
Former President Clinton told FORTUNE he considers Emanuel " one of the top political minds in Washington , " a strategist who " favors the counterattack over the attack . "
Clinton adds : " His politics are rooted in new ideas and old - fashioned values . "
Former Bush economic advisor Douglas Holtz - Eakin , who , as Congressional Budget Office director , worked with Emanuel , calls him the " real deal . "
( Like Rostenkowski , Emanuel has a seat on the powerful Ways and Means Committee . )
This " real deal " is not your average back - slapping , fraternity - brother brand of politician .
You 'll find him watching Twyla Tharp choreography , not his golf swing , even as he 's calculating how to slash his opponent .
" He will step into a fight and not back down easily , if at all .
He does n't mind the heat , " says his equally combative little brother , Hollywood superagent Ariel Emanuel .
Emanuel has rejuvenated the hopes of House Democrats in no small part by applying the money - raising acumen he used when Clinton 's 1992 presidential campaign nearly sank under the weight of Gennifer Flowers ' accusations .
With a penchant for networking and making deals - honed during a stint at Wasserstein Perella ( which netted him more than $ 18 million in just over two years ) - Emanuel has put the party 's House campaign coffers on a par with the Republicans ' for the first time in years .
Conservative Republican Tom Cole , a U.S. Representative from Oklahoma , cited Emanuel 's ferocity in a recent letter to colleagues asking for their support in his own campaign to run the counterpart House GOP operation next term .
" He 's dangerous , " says Cole , who calls Emanuel a friend .
" He has a closing intensity .
When he's got a political kill in sight , he 's absolutely relentless . "
And that , says Cole , has the GOP worried this fall .
On a Tuesday afternoon in june , inside a Capitol Hill conference room , the Democratic Party 's three biggest moneymen take their places around an oval table to begin a session of dialing for dollars .
New York 's camera - ready but frumpy senior Senator , Charles Schumer , tosses off his shoes , puts up his feet , and starts cracking jokes .
Former DNC chair Terry McAuliffe walks in , all toothy grins .
Emanuel , trim and 5 - foot - 8 , by far the smallest of the trio , is by contrast hyperserious .
Between donor calls he barks at staff and clicks out messages on his BlackBerry , according to people in the room .
" Hey , Tommy , " Schumer deadpans into the speakerphone once superlobbyist Tommy Boggs is connected , " have I got an opportunity for you ! "
" I think I 'd rather have my proctologist calling , " Boggs quips .
The trio wants Boggs to bring in $ 100,000 - $ 25,000 per donor - for an October fundraising dinner at the Clintons ' Washington , D.C. , home .
Boggs pleads that he 's already given to Schumer 's senatorial committee .
" That was breakfast , Tommy , " Schumer laughs .
" This is dinner . "
The Clinton event - to be followed by lunch with congressional leaders - is part of the Democrats ' " last - minute money , " a cash hoard they are building to return fire when Republicans start upping the money ante .
As the fall campaign clicks into high gear , Democratic strategists say they have at least a fifty - fifty chance at taking back the House .
" It 's a jump shot , " says Maryland Congressman Chris Van Hollen , one of Emanuel 's top DCCC lieutenants .
But Democratic prospects could easily sour if the Republicans pour in last - minute millions that they can't match .
That possibility is fueling tensions between DNC chair Dean and Emanuel .
One month earlier , at a meeting on Capitol Hill , Emanuel and Schumer asked Dean to match the Republican National Committee 's expected outlay in the fall campaign .
Dean refused to budge from what he describes as a long - term financial strategy to build up the party in all 50 states .
As Dean balked at Emanuel 's money demands , tempers flared , and the Chicago Congressman could n't contain his .
He stormed out , lobbing one of his famed " f- bombs " at Dean .
Within weeks , according to sources close to the fracas , Schumer was trying to reopen communication with Dean - sans the hot - tempered Emanuel - while Emanuel was firing off a letter to Dean demanding $ 100,000 for each of some 40 targeted races and pointing out that Gingrich 's famed 1994 GOP takeover of the House was backed by $ 20 million in RNC funds .
When news of the letter leaked to the press , anonymous Dean supporters accused Emanuel of laying the groundwork to shift the blame if the Democrats lose in November .
Emanuel 's fears about being slaughtered by RNC money are legitimate .
A deal he brokered with Dean in early September committed the DNC to spend $ 2.4 million on 40 competitive House races , while the RNC will be drawing on a war chest that will probably clock in at 25 times that size .
But ego is also part of this intraparty fracas : Schumer and Emanuel are both seasoned victors - Schumer beat powerful Republican Senator Al D'Amato ; Emanuel advised a winning presidential candidate before beating a Polish Catholic in a majority Polish Catholic district in his own race for Congress .
Emanuel - Schumer allies view Dean as a hand - me - down governor ( he took over in Vermont when his predecessor died ) of a tiny cheese state who blew up his quixotic 2004 presidential campaign by blowing through his money .
Emanuel and Schumer schmooze easily with the silk - thread Wall Street crowd .
Dean is a practiced outsider .
Emanuel and Schumer pride themselves not only on breaking fundraising records but on running lean operations and saying no to incumbent candidates who do n't need their help .
" Chuck is tighter than a tick , and so is Rahm , " says Hassan Nemazee , a New York investor who chairs national fundraising for Senate candidates .
Dean behaves more like a governor , broadly doling out money to build staff and operations .
As I arrive for a July interview with Emanuel at DCCC headquarters , former Gore campaign chief Donna Brazile is standing on the sidewalk , buttonholing him .
A party veteran , Brazile has seen more than her share of internal Democratic Party squabbles , and she 's worried about this one .
Some party activists view Emanuel as the instigator of a feud that is dividing the party .
Dean may be the object of sighs and eye - rolling by pragmatic , big - donor Democrats - the crowd that has generally signed on with Emanuel - but as a populist hero to party activists and the " netroots " he helped spawn , the former presidential candidate has his own powerful base .
So Brazile tells me she is here to deliver a compromise plan she hopes will cool the fires between the two men .
Minutes later , upstairs in his office , Emanuel obliquely suggests that Dean is nearly as big an obstacle as Karl Rove to a Democratic win .
" Everyone is pulling their weight , " he says , with the implication that Dean - whose DNC has $ 11 million in cash , compared with the RNC at $ 43 million - is the exception .
" Eleven of our challengers have nearly , or more than , a million dollars cash on hand .
In 2004 it was zero .
Zero . "
He shoots the last word out like a golden fireworks spray , letting it settle for effect before continuing .
" I have no problem with building for the long term .
But I do n't know another way to win when the other side has $ 40 million .
They got a cavalry .
We need a cavalry . "
Yet Dean is hardly the only one on Capitol Hill annoyed with Emanuel - so are some of the House members he is horse - whipping when they fail to pay their DCCC dues .
" Nothing replaces perspiration , " he says of fundraising .
" You set a goal and you drive toward that goal and you put everything toward it . "
Every day , including weekends , he makes calls to donors , calls to candidates to remind them to call donors , callbacks if he does n't get an answer - or if he gets the wrong one .
Says Boggs : " There 's no hesitancy about asking for money and then arguing with you if he thinks you 're not giving enough .
If you wo n't take his call at 4 , he 'll call at 4:15 ; if you do n't take it then , he 'll call at 4:30 . "
Emanuel was n't the brains of his family - that was his older brother , Ezekiel , who would grow up to become an oncologist and one of the nation 's leading bioethicists .
Nor was he the brawn - that was younger brother Ariel , whose raw combative style is so legendary in gladiatorial Hollywood that he was the inspiration for the hyper - ruthless , Viagra - popping agent Ari Gold in the HBO series Entourage .
Rahm was the one dancing through the living room to his mother 's jazz and classical music , spinning pirouettes and leaping down the stairs of his family 's suburban Chicago split - level .
A popular kid but not especially focused , he had none of that out - of - the - womb political ambition so evident in the lives of leaders like Bill Clinton .
And then he almost died .
With high school graduation days away , Emanuel sliced his finger while working in a fast - food joint .
Infection took hold after a prom - night swim in Lake Michigan .
By the time this son of a pediatrician finally sought medical care , he was suffering from a severe blood and bone infection .
He lay in the hospital , his temperature reaching 106 .
Marsha Emanuel , his mother , is a force of will - a woman who can compare the insides of the Evanston and Chicago prisons based on her three arrests at civil rights protests .
But on this subject tears still well up in her hazel eyes .
" We almost lost him , " she says .
After a six - week battle , he recovered , losing half his finger to the infection but gaining a new sense of seriousness and purpose .
" He has one of the strongest survival instincts I 've ever seen , " says longtime friend Mary Leslie , who attributes that inner reserve to his Israeli roots .
His father , Benjamin , was born in Jerusalem , the son of pharmacists who had escaped the Russian pogroms .
In the 1940s Benjamin Emanuel interrupted his medical school training in Switzerland to take part in an unsuccessful scheme to smuggle guns from Czechoslovakia to the Israeli underground .
He later served as a medic in the 1948 Israeli war of independence .
( Rahm would echo his father 's dedication during the Gulf war : With Iraqi Scuds falling on his father 's home country , he volunteered for military - vehicle - maintenance duty near the Lebanese border . )
In 1953 , Dr. Emanuel 's medical training brought him to the States , where he met Marsha , then an X - ray technician at Chicago 's Mount Sinai hospital .
They married and , after a brief return to Israel , settled down in Chicago .
Dr. Emanuel 's pediatrics practice on the North Side 's Lincoln Avenue drew a passel of immigrants , and eventually became - with his partners - one of the largest in the city .
( Decades later the " Doc 's " families would turn out to vote for his son in a congressional election . )
Money was tight in the early years .
The family left their first Chicago apartment because it was rat-infested .
They were kicked out of their second apartment because tenants complained that the three rambunctious boys were too loud .
Yet Chicago also meant a lively street life of playing hoops in the park and building go - carts in the alley with the artist who lived upstairs .
That came to an end when Rahm was 9 and their immigrant father achieved the American dream of buying a house in the suburbs , the lakeside Republican enclave of Wilmette .
The boys , recalls brother Zeke , missed the city .
" The suburbs never grafted on to us , " he says .
The boys also joined their mother on most civil rights demonstrations within a 50 - mile radius of Chicago .
" I only brought the kids if I thought it was going to be peaceful , with no arrests , " Marsha Emanuel insists .
( Though it was n't always predictable ; she wore a dress and had a dinner party planned when she was carted off by cops for her first overnight jail term . )
Marsha 's father was a burly Moldavian immigrant who arrived alone on a ship at age 10 .
He went on to become a union organizer .
Politics - loud and argumentative - infused Marsha 's childhood ; her three boys got their own dose from trips in their grandfather 's delivery truck .
Rahm jumped into politics right after his graduation from Sarah Lawrence College , where he promised his mother he would take advantage of the campus 's stellar dance program but never did .
He quickly discovered a penchant for fundraising , which he applied to campaigns for Senator Paul Simon , the DCCC , and Chicago 's Mayor Richard Daley .
In 1991 he joined Clinton 's presidential campaign .
Emanuel wowed the team from the start , opening a spigot on needed campaign funds , and after Clinton 's election helped program a picture - perfect inaugural .
He nabbed the plum White House position of political director .
Then he started shooting off his mouth .
There was the time he rapped on a conference table to get " Lloyd 's " attention .
( " We were all aghast , " recalls one Clinton aide , noting that even Lloyd Bentsen 's wife still called the Treasury Secretary " Senator . " )
He had a very public run-in with the late Senator Patrick Moynihan , who accused him of being the source of an anonymous quote that " we 'll roll all over [ Moynihan ] if we have to " on welfare reform .
( Emanuel denied saying it . )
Most damaging were Emanuel 's battles with Hillary Clinton loyalists , who accused him of leaks about the travel office episode .
A year after Clinton took office , Emanuel was demoted .
" He was very upset , " recalls Zeke .
" He thought he was going to get kicked out of the White House . "
He did n't , and neither did he quit .
Instead , Emanuel regrouped , helping lead the charge on key Clinton initiatives , including the crime bill , the assault weapons ban , and NAFTA .
" He was constantly on the offense , " says Begala .
Emanuel planned to leave after the 1996 election , but Clinton promoted him to take George Stephanopoulos 's spot as senior advisor for policy and strategy .
Still , Emanuel had political aspirations of his own , which necessitated some financial security .
So in late 1998 he traded in Clinton as his boss for Bruce Wasserstein , a major Democratic donor and Wall Street financier .
" Money is not the be- all and end - all for him , " says brother Zeke .
" But he knew he needed money so that would n't be a problem while he was doing public service . "
Over a 2 1/2 - year period he helped broker deals - often using political connections - for Wasserstein Perella .
According to congressional financial disclosures , he earned more than $ 18 million during that period .
His deals included Unicom 's merger with Peco Energy and venture fund GTCR Golder Rauner 's purchase of SBC subsidiary SecurityLink .
But friends say his compensation also benefited from two sales of the Wasserstein firm itself , first to Dresdner Bank and then to Allianz AG .
By 2002 , Emanuel emerged as a wealthy man with a reputation as a battle - hardened national strategist .
That year he won a tough primary race for a seat in Congress that paid $ 138,000 .
His 1994 White House demotion was ancient history .
" There are people who never lose , who never fail , and their first failure is usually a disaster , " says Zeke .
" That is not characteristic of Rahm or anyone else in our family .
What we 're very good at - and what Rahm is very good at - is coming back .
Persistence and picking yourself up off the floor and working harder and learning lessons from getting kicked in the teeth . "
In 2005 that 's exactly what the long out - of - power Democrats decided they could use , and so they turned to Emanuel to run the DCCC .
Emanuel 's in - your - face money demands make him stand out in a party that has sometimes been a little prissy about big - donor fundraising .
" Republicans understand power and that you need money to get power .
Our guys do n't , " complains one of the party 's leading funders .
Colleagues say Emanuel has become adept at the care and feeding of big donors - knowing their interests , asking about their families , sending them cheesecakes from Chicago 's Eli's Bakery .
He 's expanded the DCCC 's donor base , appealing both to like - minded young financiers and big - business donors with GOP ties who are hedging their bets this fall .
Emanuel shuttles between a turn - of - the - century house in Chicago ( home to his wife , Amy Rule , who works with disadvantaged youth through art programs , and their three children ) and a basement apartment on Capitol Hill , where he jokingly calls himself " the hobbit . "
In between , he 's co-authored a Democratic agenda called The Plan with former Clinton policy advisor Bruce Reed - who calls himself " one of the few people in America that Rahm does n't yell at . "
The Plan reflects much of the same centrist sensibility both men displayed at the Clinton White House .
Emanuel is drawn to issues that resonate with average voters , like stem - cell research , raising the minimum wage , and a " fair , flat " income tax .
While Bush was pushing his Medicare drug plan , Emanuel was pounding the administration to permit drug imports from Canada - a popular cause for families facing high prescription bills .
On Iraq , Emanuel has steered clear of the withdraw - now crowd , preferring to criticize Bush for military failures since the 2003 invasion .
" The war never had to turn out this way , " he told me at one of his campaign stops .
In January 2005 , when asked by Meet the Press 's Tim Russert whether he would have voted to authorize the war -" knowing that there are no weapons of mass destruction " - Emanuel answered yes .
( He did n't take office until after the vote . )
" I still believe that getting rid of Saddam Hussein was the right thing to do , okay ? " he added .
When it comes to slicing and dicing his Republican foes , Emanuel applies a Chicago pol 's sensibility that recalls that famous Untouchables line : " He pulls a knife , you pull a gun ; he sends one of yours to the hospital , you send one of his to the morgue . "
Connecticut Representative Rosa DeLauro describes Emanuel as a " reflection of Chicago politics , ward politics .
It 's local , ethnic .
You 're not in a tea party . "
Colleague Ed Markey , a veteran House member from Massachusetts , says simply , " He 's not a political romantic . "
Mostly out of power for the past six years , the Democrats could use Emanuel 's comeback instincts .
So the match is a timely one .
But what 's driving Emanuel crazy right now is how little control he has over the party 's future - or his own .
" Can we get the right candidates ? " he asks .
" Yes , and we busted our balls recruiting and expanding the field .
Can we raise the resources ?
Yes .
Can we help on issues ?
Yes . "
But at the end of the day , he asks , " which way will the wind blow on Iraq ?
On energy prices ?
On the Middle East ? "
" For a type - A personality like me , I hate that .
I hate that , " he says , his voice trailing off as he spins through a Capitol building hallway .
" Your fate is out of your hands . "
A hallmark of any recession :
The inevitable ad campaign from the advertising industry , trying to persuade clients that a recession is a great time to buy advertising .
The magazine business kicked off its campaign last week .
Now comes the Web publishers , in the form of Microsoft ( MSFT ) :
It wants everyone to know that they 've got other options beyond buying a search ad .
And no , it 's got nothing to do with the fact that Microsoft continues to get hammered by Google in search , they say .
WSJ :
... some ad - technology and Web - measurement companies are trying to engineer a comeback for display ads , offering data that they say show display advertising is more effective than marketers think .
Microsoft is the latest company to make this declaration , with new evidence coming next week that it says proves display ads are actually better than searches at triggering consumers .
Leaving aside the actual data and methodology behind Microsoft 's argument , the logic behind it makes sense : Search is a great way to reach people who know what they 're looking for .
But display ads are a great way to help them understand that they want to buy something .
We agree !
But what about advertisers themselves ?
Are they sold ?
Sort of , says one ad exec :
" Obviously , Microsoft has a motive to shift dollars from search to display advertising because it is getting creamed in the search space , " says Ben Winkler , a director of interactive media at the Martin Agency , a unit of Interpublic Group .
" But this does help us get a much better picture of how our online advertising is working . "
Eh .
Maybe , says another :
" Search is still just as powerful .
But things like display that looked really bad before are n't as bad .
Now we can prove it , " says Jennifer Zola , partner and director of strategy and insights at WPP Group 's Mediaedge:cia .
One other problem : Even if advertisers do buy Microsoft 's argument , that does n't mean they 're going to buy Microsoft 's ads .
Google , as you may have heard , has jumped into the display ad business with both feet itself .
See Also : comScore August Report Card : Google Gaining , Of Course
Less than a week before Americans go to the polls to select a president , the government reported on Thursday that the economy contracted from July through September .
In a stark indication of widening national distress , consumer spending dipped for the first time in 17 years .
Economists said the drop in economic activity  with the gross domestic product shrinking at a 0.3 percent annual rate  presages more bad news in the months ahead .
The impacts of a now - global financial crisis are continuing to squeeze companies and impede investment , causing more layoffs and austerity , while prompting Congress to consider a fresh round of spending aimed at stimulating commerce .
“ The economy has taken a turn for the worse , big time , ” said Allen Sinai , chief global economist for Decision Economics , a consulting and forecasting group .
“ Consumption literally caved in .
It is a prelude to much worse news on the economy over the next couple of quarters .
The fundamentals around the consumer are all negative , and there are no signs of any help anytime soon , from anywhere . ”
With the economy the dominant issue in the presidential election , the latest batch of dismal data offered no comfort to the Republican nominee , Senator John McCain of Arizona , who has been running behind the Democratic nominee , Senator Barack Obama of Illinois , in polls .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Finance leaders from the International Monetary Fund ’s 185 member countries on Saturday endorsed a plan announced by major economies to chart a course out of the credit crisis .
International Monetary Fund Managing Director Dominique Strauss - Kahn speaks at a news conference of the annual IMF - World Bank meeting in Washington October 11 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Yuri Gripas
The International Monetary and Financial Committee ( IMFC ) , chaired by Egyptian Finance Minister Youssef Boutros - Ghali , called for “ exceptional vigilance , coordination , and readiness to take bold action ” to address the crisis .
Boutros - Ghali said the fact that all 185 IMF member countries , including emerging and developing economies , supported the Group of Seven plan .
“ We are committed to the plan of action , ” Boutros - Ghali said .
“ This is an essential element for restoring confidence . ”
The G7 on Friday vowed to take all necessary steps to unfreeze credit markets and ensure banks can raise money , but offered no collective course of action to avert a deep global recession .
IMF Managing Director Dominique Strauss - Kahn said the committee agreed the IMF should take the lead in looking more in depth at what went wrong and coordinate with other institutions .
He said the fund was the right forum for the job , given its universal membership , and that the IMF stood ready with resources to help any country facing financial difficulties due to the crisis .
The IMF cautioned that emerging economies may experience spillover effects from the financial crisis and it was important that they preserve economic stability .
“ For these reasons , it is critically important that collaborative action be coordinated between advanced and emerging economies , ” the panel said .
In advanced economies , the committee said , policies need to provide “ essential stimulus in the face of the risk of a pronounced economic downturn , as confidence in the financial system is restored . ”
Israel , a Morally Bankrupt State led by Psychopaths
The stinking smell of a conspiracy , a disaster , a political plan is behind the Israeli “ war ” against the population of Gaza .
The Israeli military “ Operation Cast Lead ” did not begin as a result of adduced “ self defense ” against Palestinian rockets , which appear to be made and shot for the most part in Israel itself or distributed by the employees of Shin Bet Chief Yuval Diskin , the Israeli intelligence system , to collaborators within the Palestinian resistance .
It also has nothing to do with the primitive , home made rockets of the Palestinian resistance , or because Hamas had ended the weak truce after six month of continuous Israeli blockade against one million and a half persons in the concentration camp of Gaza .
And it also has nothing to do with Israel wanting to free the Israeli - French war criminal Gilad Shalit captured by Hamas .
Nobody showed the hundred tons of explosives which the Israel Air Force dropped on the police stations and civilian offices in Gaza , leading to the death of over 300 civilian and police , and the injury of over 1000 persons , hundreds of them in critical condition .
The western media has manipulated the information so that everyone believes that the Israeli destruction and ethnic cleansing of a nation is some kind of “ self defense ” , that Israel is some kind of “ victim ” .
The world is not so naïve to believe that Israeli intelligence Chief Yuval Diskin , Ehud Barak and Tzipi Livni will be able to hide the purpose of their abject crimes against the population of Gaza and their will to massacre hundreds , or even thousands , in order to win the coming Israeli elections with scenes of bodies without heads , and legs without foots of the Palestinian victims in order to placate the blood - thirsty masses of Israel .
The old war criminal Ehud Barak called in 6.700 reserve soldiers to take part in the ethnic cleansing of the population of Gaza .
Lets ask general Barak , how many Palestinians did the State of Israel kill since 1948 until today ?
How many Palestinians did Barak himself murder while he was a general at the Israeli ministry of war ?
How many Palestinians did the Israeli troops murder in Gaza and the West Bank since the Al - Aqsa Intifada until now ?
How many Palestinians did they injure , and arrest ?
How many military invasions and operations did the Israeli troops do in Gaza itself ?
How many house did they destroy , how many trees did they cut ?
Does this huge number of murders , assassinations , destruction , unjust jailing of Palestinians stop the resistance , and protest for their basic right to live as human beings ?
Do you disgusting criminals ask yourselves these questions during your so - called “ security session ” ?
What is next ?
Tell us and tell the world what comes next .
We are all sick of you and your so - called “ security ” even if the world keeps silence until now .
What will your criminal “ state ” do if the Palestinians of Gaza do not stop their resistance against your blockade and occupation of the land , the sky and even the air which they breath ?
Enough is enough !
Killing , murdering , and assassinating will never provide your state and your nation with security .
You will never live in peace while you make the Palestinians live injustice .
After all the Israeli military , tanks , air force , were ordered to take part in destruction of Gaza , adducing a supposed “ right of self - defense ” against rockets which the Israeli intelligence and IDF have either given to Palestinian collaborators , or which they are shooting themselves at Sderot and surroundings and other places in Israel .
That not a war , that is a war crime .
Logically , what happens between two states and two armies , carrying equivalent weapons can be called a war .
What happens when the army of an occupier state bombs and murders dozens , hundreds of resistance fighters in an occupied nation , living besieged in a concentration camp since over 41 years , this is not a war , it is a massacre , a crime of war , genocide and crimes against humanity .
If Israel wants to separate Gaza from the West bank and give it to Egypt after murdering the political activists of Hamas , then this is a clear war crime , a crime against humanity .
If Israel planned this massacre so that their Nazi leaders can win the next elections in their country , then this is a clear war crime .
Above this , and given the strong suspicion that the Israeli intelligence , either under Yuval Diskin or in the IDF , gave the rockets to Palestinian infiltrators purporting to work as resistance in Gaza , this is itself the height of criminality .
The nations of the world should stop Israel before they are all crushed by what the Israeli spies from Shabak and Mossad are doing .
The alternative is for all peoples to suffer in the future what we Palestinians must suffer , for that is what is written in their books .
Growing up in St. Louis in the 1950s and ’60s , Deddrick Battle came to believe that the political process was not for people like him — a struggling black man whose vote , he was convinced , surely would not count for much of anything .
The thought became ingrained as an adult , almost like common sense .
But a month ago , at age 55 , Mr. Battle registered to vote for the first time .
Senator Barack Obama was the reason .
“ This is huge , ” Mr. Battle , a janitor , said after his overnight shift cleaning a movie theater .
“ This is bigger than life itself .
When I was coming up , I always thought they put in who they wanted to put in .
I did n’t think my vote mattered .
But I do n’t think that anymore . ”
Across the country , black men and women like Mr. Battle who have long been disaffected , apolitical , discouraged or just plain bored with politics say they have snapped to attention this year , according to dozens of interviews conducted in the last several days in six states .
They are people like Percy Matthews of the South Side of Chicago , a 25 - year - old who did vote once but whose experience was so forgettable that he cannot recall with certainty whom he cast a ballot for or even what year it was .
Now an enthusiastic Democrat , he says the old days are gone .
Coal has been getting a bad rap recently .
And rightfully so .
The dense lumps of dead dinos and expired plants belch sooty , carbon dioxide - laden smoke when burned .
Low prices keep the world addicted despite the mineral 's dirty reputation .
But coal 's days may be numbered if a new study 's projections pan out .
Governments and organizations around the world may be significantly overestimating just how much coal is available , the new study says .
Such fallacious reporting is nothing new — the United States government happily overestimated oil reserves in the 1950s and 1960s until peak oil hit the lower 48 .
David Rutledge , professor of engineering and applied sciences at the California Institute of Technology , claims the same mistakes are being repeated with coal .
His results , reported in a panel discussion at this year ’s American Geophysical Union meeting , state the world only has 662 billion tons of coal , including reserves already exploited .
The estimate is well short of the 1,027 billion tons remaining in proven and projected reserves , according to the World Energy Council .
This new lower number , Rutledge says , also means fewer fossil fuels to burn and less carbon dioxide to pump into the atmosphere .
The net result ?
He predicts atmospheric carbon dioxide will peak at 460 parts per million before 2100 , nearly 100 ppm lower than the best - case scenario put forth by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) .
Rutledge 's model puts a new spin on resource estimation .
He fits lines to cumulative production reports , or the total amount of coal produced to date .
By extrapolating those curves , Rutledge was able to revise estimates for recoverable coal reserves on each continent .
In addition to settling well below the World Energy Council ’s most recent estimate , his global sum significantly undercuts the largest number used by the IPCC .
Resource estimation is not a new science .
The most famous example is Hubbert 's peak , the result of a theory developed in 1956 by M. King Hubbert , a Shell Oil geoscientist .
At that time , Hubbert correctly forecast peak oil would hit the continental United States in the late 1960s or early 1970s .
Scientists and amateurs have spent countless hours since then attempting to predict global peak oil .
Coal has its own set of prognosticators .
At the height of the Industrial Revolution , the United Kingdom commissioned a number of estimates on national coal reserves , many of which significantly overestimated the actual extant .
The US has done the same , with early estimates claiming nearly unlimited reserves .
Those numbers began to fall , though , under the direction of Paul Averitt , the coal man at the US Geological Survey .
US government estimates bottomed out in 1974 , the year Averitt retired , and have not changed since .
The methods used by the government have changed little in the intervening years , according to a study released by the National Academy of Science .
Limited coal resources are certainly good news in the battle against global warming .
But Rutledge warns the revised estimate is still far enough above pre-industrial levels to cause a planet - wide warming of 2 - 3° C .
Many climate experts now believe the best way to avoid the worst effects of climate change would be to trim atmospheric carbon dioxide to 350 ppm , an eight percent drop below 2007 levels .
Rutledge also has a PowerPoint presentation available on his site with details on the study .
[ digg- reddit - me ]
With apologies to all those Baby Boomers I know – I , of course , do n’t mean you .
There is something so very right about trashing the Baby Boom generation .
Tom Friedman – a member of said generation – suggests a few names in his column on Sunday :
“ The Greediest Generation ? ” “ The Complacent Generation ? ”
Or maybe : “ The Subprime Generation : How My Parents Bailed Themselves Out for Their Excesses by Charging It All on My Visa Card . ”
Barack Obama himself wrote in The Audacity of Hope :
In the back and forth between Clinton and Gingrich , and in the elections of 2000 and 2004 , I sometimes felt as if I were watching the psychodrama of the baby boom generation — a tale rooted in old grudges and revenge plots hatched on a handful of college campuses long ago .
Perhaps this passage is what led Andrew Sullivan to describe Barack Obama ’s candidacy ( back when he was a long shot ) as America ’s only chance for a much needed truce in the long civil war fought by the Baby Boom generation :
… the most persuasive case for Obama has less to do with him than with the moment he is meeting .
The moment has been a long time coming , and it is the result of a confluence of events , from one traumatizing war in Southeast Asia to another in the most fractious country in the Middle East .
The legacy is a cultural climate that stultifies our politics and corrupts our discourse .
Obama ’s candidacy in this sense is a potentially transformational one .
Unlike any of the other candidates , he could take America — finally — past the debilitating , self - perpetuating family quarrel of the Baby Boom generation that has long engulfed all of us .
So much has happened in America in the past seven years , let alone the past 40 , that we can be forgiven for focusing on the present and the immediate future .
But it is only when you take several large steps back into the long past that the full logic of an Obama presidency stares directly — and uncomfortably — at you .
At its best , the Obama candidacy is about ending a war — not so much the war in Iraq , which now has a mo­mentum that will propel the occupation into the next decade — but the war within America that has prevailed since Vietnam and that shows dangerous signs of intensifying , a nonviolent civil war that has crippled America at the very time the world needs it most .
It is a war about war — and about culture and about religion and about race .
And in that war , Obama — and Obama alone — offers the possibility of a truce .
The point of all of this is that the Baby Boom generation was quite terrible .
While the “ Greatest Generation ” tackled a Great Depression and won a World War , and then came home and created an age of prosperity and the United Nations – and then , by the late 1950s and early 1960s , fought for and won civil rights , finally erasing the official discrimination against African Americans that had blighted America since it ’s inception – the Baby Boomers – the children of the Greatest Generation – started an American civil war , focused initially on Vietnam , and then later on the role of government , on abortion , and on religion ’s place in public life .
While these are worthy issues to argue about , the culture war of the Baby Boomers kept them from tackling many of the urgent challenges of their day – from global warming to infrastructure deterioration to America ’s place in the world .
As the Baby Boomers entered adulthood , their national cohesion that was evident in the Greatest Generation dissolved into squabbles and then by 1968 , into a virtual civil war .
Since the 1960s , America has failed to invest in our roads , our utilities , our energy infrastructure ; America ’s dependency on foreign oil was demonstrated in the 1970s , yet we did nothing and blamed it on Jimmy Carter ’s bad leadership ; at the same time , a radical brand of extremist Islam began to grow – and our government encouraged it , seeing it as a tool to use against the Soviet Union ; some two decades ago , global warming was accepted as a fact by the greatest majority of scientists , yet we have failed to take any significant steps .
Instead , since the late 1960s , we have fought and re-fought the war over the war in Vietnam .
What happened in the rice paddies and jungles of that nation are almost irrelevant to the culture war .
What is remembered is where people stood while they were here .
John Kerry served with distinction , but spoke against the war when he came back – forever putting him on the liberal side of the war .
Dick Cheney got one deferment after another , avoiding serving at all – yet he was enthusiastic about the war as long as he himself was n’t fighting , making him a conservative .
John McCain was captured and came home a hero and George W. Bush served stateside in a cushy National Guard unit for the sons and daughters of those politicians influential enough to prevent their children from serving – yet both are equally conservative because they both were annoyed at the hippies protesting .
Barack Obama was only a boy , but as Sarah Palin never failed to mention , he served on a charitable board with someone who decided to fight an insurgency against the American government to oppose the war – which by association made Obama a far - left radical .
Much less important than what these Baby Boomers actually did is how they felt about the war .
It is possible to determine with a great degree of accuracy whether a Baby Boomer is a Democrat or Republican simply by asking their position on a war that ended almost forty years ago .
Those who protested the war and stood against it took one side in the culture war ; those who supported the war took the other side .
As a rule , the Democrats – Kerry , Clinton , Gore – were against the war .
The Republicans – Bush , McCain , Cheney – were for it .
( This was despite the fact that it was “ the best and the brightest ” under Democrats John Kennedy and Lyndon Johnson who started the war . )
The obvious problem is that these divisions are barely relevant anymore .
The Baby Boomers pissed away the prosperity their parents bequeathed to them and squandered the opportunities presented to them – and now are busy using their children ’s future earnings ( our future earnings ) to buy their way out of the mess they have created .
They avoided the challenges of their times and found people to blame .
They focused on OJ Simpson , Britney Spears , Madonna , and Monica Lewinsky – on abortion , Vietnam , gays , and religion – and not on global warming , on campaign finance , on the corruption of our political process , on an overleveraged economy .
After decades of avoiding systematic problems – as the solutions became embroiled in the ongoing culture war – we now must face them .
With two wars in the Mid-East , a failing world economy , a growing threat of catastrophic terrorism , and whatever else may come our way , procrastination is impossible .
Now it ’s time for us to try to salvage this wreck .
That ’s what the 2008 election was really about .
And that ’s our challenge .
It remains to be seen if we ’re up to it .
Like Loading ...
" Japanese people taste the best - whites are too salty ! "
Meeting the cannibals of Papua New Guinea
The jungles of Papua New Guinea are a different world - the land of headhunters and cannibals .
Penis sheath threat Anti-porn law Papua natives facing end of penis sheaths Politicians in Indonesia have clashed with natives from Papua New Guinea - after declaring that their penis sheaths are offensive in an anti-porn law .
Brave Italian photographer Iago Corazza travelled the country , the island at the end of the world , and took photos of its fascinating inhabitants , who still live a Stone Age existence .
“ You find people here who can describe the taste of human flesh , ” the photographer said of his travels .
Anthropologist Olga Ammann describes it more succinctly in the book .
She quotes people who have eaten other humans : “ The meat of white people smells too strongly and is too salty . ”
The Japanese are meant to taste the best , according to her study - the only thing that beats it is the meat of their own women .
But is cannibalism just a myth , or does it still exist on the island ?
It has been banned there for over 50 years – but it is reported that some tribes still eat the flesh of people who have died .
Evidence of this is the current prevalence of the Kuru illness in tribe members , which is associated with cannibalism .
Papua natives in Indonesia are also facing a threat against their traditional way of life , after an anti-porn law was passed which could see them forced to ditch their penis sheaths in favour of underwear !
Python and the Programmer
A Conversation with Bruce Eckel , Part I
by Bill Venners
June 2 , 2003
Advertisement
Summary
Bruce Eckel talks with Bill Venners about why he feels Python is " about him , " how minimizing clutter improves productivity , and the relationship between backwards compatibility and programmer pain .
Bruce Eckel wrote the best - selling books Thinking in C++ and Thinking in Java , but for the past several years he 's preferred to think in Python .
Two years ago , Eckel gave a keynote address at the 9th International Python Conference entitled " Why I love Python . "
He presented ten reasons he loves programming in Python in " top ten list " style , starting with ten and ending with one .
In this interview , which is being published in weekly installments , I ask Bruce Eckel about each of these ten points .
In this installment , Bruce Eckel explains why he feels Python is " about him , " how minimizing clutter improves productivity , and the relationship between backwards compatibility and programmer pain .
Bill Venners :
In the introduction to your " Why I Love Python " keynote , you said what you love the most is " Python is about you . "
How is Python about you ?
Bruce Eckel :
With every other language I 've had to deal with , it 's always felt like the designers were saying , " Yes , we 're trying to make your life easier with this language , but these other things are more important . "
With Python , it has always felt like the designers were saying , " We 're trying to make your life easier , and that 's it .
Making your life easier is the thing that we 're not compromising on . "
For example , the designers of C++ certainly attempted to make the programmer 's life easier , but always made compromises for performance and backwards compatibility .
If you ever had a complaint about the way C++ worked , the answer was performance and backwards compatibility .
Bill Venners :
What compromises do you see in Java ?
James
Gosling did try to make programmers more productive by eliminating memory bugs .
Bruce Eckel : Sure .
I also think that Java 's consistency of error handling helped programmer productivity .
C++ introduced exception handling , but that was just one of many ways to handle errors in C ++.
At one time , I thought that Java 's checked exceptions were helpful , but I 've modified my view on that .
( See Resources . )
It seems the compromise in Java is marketing .
They had to rush Java out to market .
If they had taken a little more time and implemented design by contract , or even just assertions , or any number of other features , it would have been better for the programmer .
If they had done design and code reviews , they would have found all sorts of silliness .
And I suppose the way Java is marketed is probably what rubs me the wrong way about it .
We can say , " Oh , but we do n't like this feature , " and the answer is , " Yes , but , marketing dictates that it be this way . "
Maybe the compromises in C++ were for marketing reasons too .
Although choosing to be efficient and backwards compatible with C was done to sell C++ to techies , it was still to sell it to somebody .
I feel Python was designed for the person who is actually doing the programming , to maximize their productivity .
And that just makes me feel warm and fuzzy all over .
I feel nobody is going to be telling me , " Oh yeah , you have to jump through all these hoops for one reason or another . "
When you have the experience of really being able to be as productive as possible , then you start to get pissed off at other languages .
You think , " Gee , I 've been wasting my time with these other languages . "
Number 10 : Reduced Clutter
Bill Venners :
In your keynote , you gave ten reasons you love Python .
Number ten was reduced clutter .
What did you mean by reduced clutter ?
Bruce Eckel :
They say you can hold seven plus or minus two pieces of information in your mind .
I can't remember how to open files in Java .
I 've written chapters on it .
I 've done it a bunch of times , but it 's too many steps .
And when I actually analyze it , I realize these are just silly design decisions that they made .
Even if they insisted on using the Decorator pattern in java .io , they should have had a convenience constructor for opening files simply .
Because we open files all the time , but nobody can remember how .
It is too much information to hold in your mind .
The other issue is the effect of an interruption .
If you are really deep into doing something and you have an interruption , it 's quite a number of minutes before you can get back into that deeply focused state .
With programming , imagine you 're flowing along .
You 're thinking , " I know this , and I know this , and I know this , " and you are putting things together .
And then all of a sudden you run into something like , " I have to open a file and read in the lines . "
All the clutter in the code you have to write to do that in Java can interrupt the flow of your work .
Another number that used to be bandied about is that programmers can produce an average of ten working lines of code per day .
Say I open up a file and read in all the lines .
In Java , I 've probably already used up my ten working lines of code for that day .
In Python , I can do it in one line .
I can say , " for line in file ( ' filename ' ) .readlines ( ) : , " and then I 'm ready to process the lines .
And I can remember that one liner off the top of my head , so I can just really flow with that .
Python 's minimal clutter also helps when I 'm reading somebody else 's code .
I 'm not tripping over verbose syntax and idioms .
" Oh I see .
Opening the file .
Reading the lines . "
I can grok it .
It 's very similar to the design patterns in that you have a much denser form of communication .
Also , because blocks are denoted by indentation in Python , indentation is uniform in Python programs .
And indentation is meaningful to us as readers .
So because we have consistent code formatting , I can read somebody else 's code and I 'm not constantly tripping over , " Oh , I see .
They 're putting their curly braces here or there . "
I do n't have to think about that .
Number 9 : Not Backwards Compatible in Exchange for Pain
Bill Venners :
In your keynote , your ninth reason for loving Python was , " Not backwards compatible in exchange for pain . "
Could you speak a bit about that ?
Bruce Eckel :
That 's primarily directed at C ++.
To some degree you could say it refers to Java because Java was derived primarily from C++.
But C++ in particular was backwards compatible with C , and that justified lots of language issues .
On one hand , that backwards compatibility was a great benefit , because C programmers could easily migrate to C ++.
It was a comfortable place for C programmers to go .
But on the other hand , all the features that were compromised for backwards compatibility was the great drawback of C ++.
Python is n't backwards compatible with anything , except itself .
But even so , the Python designers have actually modified some fundamental things in order to fix the language in places they decided were broken .
I 've always heard from Sun that backwards compatibility is job one .
And so even though stuff is broken in Java , they 're not going to fix it , because they do n't want to risk breaking code .
Not breaking code always sounds good , but it also means we 're going to be in pain as programmers .
One fundamental change they made in Python , for example , was " type class unification . "
In earlier versions , some of Python 's primitive types were not first class objects with first class characteristics .
Numbers , for example , were special cases like they are in Java .
But that 's been modified so now I can inherit from integer if I want to .
Or I can inherit from the modified dictionary class .
That could n't be done before .
After a while it began to be clear that it was a mistake , so they fixed it .
Now in C++ or Java , they 'd say , " Oh well , too bad . "
But in Python , they looked at two issues .
One , they were not breaking anybody 's existing world , because anyone could simply choose to not upgrade .
I think that could be an attitude taken by Java as well .
And two , it seemed relatively easy to fix the broken code , and the improvement seemed worth the code - fixing work .
I find that attitude so refreshing , compared to the languages I 'd used before where they said , " Oh , it 's broken .
We made a mistake , but you 'll have to live with it .
You 'll have to live with our mistakes . "
Next Week
Come back Monday , June 9 for Part I of a conversation with Java 's creator James Gosling .
I am now staggering the publication of several interviews at once , to give the reader variety .
The next installment of this interview with Bruce Eckel will appear on Monday , June 23 .
If you 'd like to receive a brief weekly email announcing new articles at Artima.com , please subscribe to the Artima Newsletter .
Talk Back !
Have an opinion about programmer productivity , backwards compatibility , or breaking code versus programmer pain .
Discuss this article in the News & Ideas Forum topic , Python and the Programmer .
Resources
Bruce Eckel 's Mindview , Inc. :
http://www.mindview.net/
Bruce Eckel 's essay on checked exceptions : Does Java Need Checked Exceptions ?:
http://www.mindview.net/Etc/Discussions/CheckedExceptions
Bruce Eckel 's Public and In - House Seminars :
http://mindview.net/Seminars
Bruce Eckel 's Weblog :
http://www.mindview.net/WebLog
Python.org , the Python Language Website :
http://www.python.org/
Introductory Material on Python :
http://www.python.org/doc/Intros.html
Python Tutorial :
http://www.python.org/doc/current/tut/tut.html
Python FAQ Wizard :
http://www.python.org/cgi-bin/faqw.py
Hey !
Congrats on losing the old virginity .
It 's about time .
You kids are waiting wayyyy too long these days .
What are you , 14 already ?
Geez .
I do n't know any Spears songs , but I suggest that you put on an album and make him do foreplay until at least the third song - that 's like six minutes , which is way more than a 14 year old needs .
Then go at it like mice until there is no tomorrow .
Here is the thing - you can only get pregnant if you do it an odd number of times , so one time and three times = possibility of pregnancy .
Do it two or four times and you will be golden .
Sex without worries .
This is the stuff they do n't teach you in school .
While surgery is the mainstay of cancer treatment , not all tumours can be removed in this way – such as when they have spread to many sites throughout the body or are hard to define .
Chemo - and radiotherapy drugs are able to destroy such diffuse cancers , but can have serious side effects .
Instead Balaji Panchapakesan at the University of Delaware , Newark , suggests destroying cancers in situ using exploding nanotubes .
His idea is to fill carbon nanotubes with water before injecting them into a tumour .
The area is then zapped with laser light which causes the water inside the nanotubes to boil .
The tremendous pressure created by the heating causes the “ nanobombs ” to burst apart , killing nearby cells .
Using the correct wavelength and intensity of the laser light makes it possible to ensure only the “ nanobombs ” absorb significant amounts of energy , and that they explode well before other tissue is damaged .
Advertisement
Panchapakesan has already used the technique to kill BT474 cells – a cell line originating from a breast tumour .
The exploding nanotubes could be made to target tumours by labelling them with an antibody specific to the cancer cell receptors , he says , and adding a chemotherapy drug to the water could wipe out any cells that survive or escape a blast .
Nanobomb treatments would be minimally invasive , meaning fast recovery times and fewer side effects , says Panchapakesan .
Read the full carbon nanobomb patent application .
Since the 1970s , New Scientist has run a column uncovering the most exciting , bizarre or even terrifying new patented ideas – find the latest stories in our continually updated special report .
Read past Inventions : Self - diagnosing aircraft , Self - replicating materials , Treatment for fragile X , Dust buster , Birthing computer , Eyeball stiffener , Hurricane pacifier , Natural colour underwater photos , Billboards that know you at a touch , Green technology patents special , Universal detector , Bat - style footstep detector , and Infrared lie detector .
Code Contracts for .NET 4.0 - Spec# Comes Alive Saturday , November 8 , 2008
As I 've said in many posts before , I 'm a big fan of stating your preconditions , postconditions , invariants and so on explicitly in your code through the use of contracts in the Design by Contract Parlance .
Spec# is a project that came from Microsoft Research as a language based upon C# to add Design by Contract features to the language .
I 've talked extensively on the subject in the past on this blog and previous blogs of mine especially around the time of the ALT .
NET Open Spaces , Seattle event back in April of this year .
The importance of making side effects well known is something that I mentioned briefly during my Approaching Functional Programming talk at KaizenConf .
To be able to express and statically verify behavior is important in regards to side effects and method purity .
One of the less talked about items from this year 's Professional Developer Conference was Code Contracts for .NET .
This talk was bundled in with automated test generation with Pex for a combined talk called " Research : Contract Checking and Automated Test Generation with Pex " .
In this talk , Mike Barnett , of the Spec# team was joined by Nikolai Tillmann , who is currently leading the Pex Project , and they talk about the project , Code Contracts for .
NET .
I encourage you to watch the video to see how it works and the benefits of using the library .
It 's been rewarding to watch how Spec# has grown in presence in recent months , especially the publicity that both Greg Young and I have given them .
Mike has done a great job with this project and I 'm really excited for the future of it .
Code Contracts for .NET
It was announced that a subset of Spec# , the contracts library , would be included as part of the base class library in .NET 4.0 .
When .NET 3.5 came out , if you opened System .
Core.dll through .
NET Reflector , you may have noticed that there was a namespace in there called Microsoft .
Contracts .
Since that time , the Spec# team has worked with the Base Class Library team to help integrate this more thoroughly into the libraries as a language agnostic approach .
There are many decisions to be made as languages and frameworks evolve as to what goes where .
To make these features as library features allows for more rapid change and flexibility than if they were exclusive language constructs such as they were with Spec# .
After all , I want to be able to switch to languages such as F# and still have the ability to statically verify my code .
First things first , what is Design by Contract ?
It 's an approach to software development that was coined by Dr. Betrand Meyer through the creation of the Eiffel language .
The main tenets of this paradigm include :
What does it expect ?
( Preconditions )
What does it guarantee ?
( Postconditions )
What does it maintain ?
( Invariants )
The idea is to have these tenets enforced programmatically through the language itself .
To this end , in the .NET framework , outside of Spec# , have n't had this available to them .
So , the Spec# team realized , that instead of the language approach , maybe they should focus on a language agnostic approach through the use of libraries , and static verification .
Now , I can feel free to use my language of choice inside the .NET framework to utilize these contracts , such as F# , C# , VB , etc .
As part of the release at PDC , we have the libraries available to us for use in Visual Studio 2008 , so we 'll be going through what exactly that means .
Getting Started
First , you need to install the Code Contracts for .NET , which you can find here .
This integrates with Visual Studio 2008 and adds an additional property window to your project files .
This gives us the ability to enforce contracts using the Microsoft.Contracts.dll .
If you look at the property page for your given project , it should look like this .
As you can see , we have the ability to perform runtime checking , static contract checking with non-null obligations and array bounds automatically .
The install comes with a PDF with some documentation on how to use the library when covering preconditions , postconditions , invariants , purity and contract classes .
Let 's go through a quick example of using this library .
Using the Library
In order to utilize contracts , you must use the CodeContract class from the System .
Diagnostics .
Contracts namespace .
The CodeContract has a few interesting methods worth exploring .
Method Meaning Assert Express contract assertions Assume Express contract assumptions that should hold .
Assume to be true or false EndContractBlock
Used to mark the end of a code contract block of if statements Ensures Express postconditions EnsuresOnThrow Express postconditions that abnormally terminate a method Exists Ensure a value exists in a collection ForAll Express constraint for each item in a collection Invariant Express invariant constraints OldValue Retrieve the old value from the pre-state Requires Express preconditions RequiresAlways Express preconditions for all build configurations Result Get the method 's return value Throws Express exceptional postcondition ValueAtReturn Specify out parameter value for postcondition checking
There are several attributes worth noting as well in this library as well :
Attribute Meaning ContractClassAttribute
Define a code contract class used to enforce contracts on an interface ContractClassForAttribute Define a code contract class for a given interface ContractInvariantMethodAttribute
Used to mark a method that represents the object invariant ContractPublicPropertyNameAttribute
Used in a method contract where the method is more visible than the field ContractVerificationAttribute Used to assume correctness of the given assembnly PureAttribute Express method purity RuntimeContractAttribute Added to the assembly via the rewriter to express that is has already been rewritten
As you can see here , we have a lot of goodies in here .
Let 's step just through preconditions for right now .
Preconditions
The first item we noted in our definition of Design by Contract is what do we expect .
In this example , let 's create a simple Geocoordinate value object used to hold latitude and longitude values .
There are some constraints we need to use to ensure correctness .
We need to enforce preconditions on the constructor as well as a function used to calculate the distance between two Geocoordinate classes .
Since I want this available in all build configuration , I will use the CodeContract .
RequiresAlways method to define my precondition contracts .
Let 's take a look at what that might look like :
public class Geocoordinate
{
private readonly double latitude ;
private readonly double longitude ;
public Geocoordinate ( double latitude , double longitude )
{
CodeContract.RequiresAlways( latitude <= 90 .0 && latitude >= - 90 .0 ) ;
CodeContract.RequiresAlways( longitude <= 180 .0 && longitude >= - 180 .0 ) ;
this .latitude = latitude ;
this .longitude = longitude ;
}
[ Pure ]
public double Latitude { get { return latitude ; } }
[ Pure ]
public double Longitude { get { return longitude ; } }
[ Pure ]
public static double GetDistance ( Geocoordinate g1 , Geocoordinate g2 )
{
CodeContract.RequiresAlways ( g1 != null ) ;
CodeContract.RequiresAlways ( g2 != null ) ;
const double R = 3956 ;
const double degreesToRadians = Math .
PI / 180 ;
var lon1 = g1. Longitude * degreesToRadians ;
var lat1 = g1. Latitude * degreesToRadians ;
var lon2 = g2. Longitude * degreesToRadians ;
var lat2 = g2.
Latitude * degreesToRadians ;
var dlon = lon2 - lon1 ;
var dlat = lat2 - lat1 ;
var a = Math .
Pow ( Math .
Sin( dlat / 2 ) , 2 ) + Math.Cos( lat1 ) * Math.Cos( lat2 ) * Math .
Pow ( Math .Sin(dlon / 2 ) , 2 ) ;
var c = 2 * Math .
Atan2 ( Math. Sqrt(a ) , Math. Sqrt( 1 - a ) ) ;
var d = R * c ;
return d ;
}
}
I also added method purity just for clarity sake .
This allows me to specify that I am not changing object state , and is quite useful for enforcement .
This makes it obvious to the caller that this method does no more than compute the result and return it .
That 's important and reassuring when using third party libraries .
Let 's say I call this class with the following code :
static void Main ( string [ ] args )
{
var g = new Geocoordinate ( 91 .0 , 181 .0 ) ;
var g1 = new Geocoordinate ( 40 .774 , 73 .972 ) ;
var g2 = new Geocoordinate ( 40 .811 , 73 .910 ) ;
var distance = Geocoordinate.GetDistance ( g1 , g2 ) ;
Console. WriteLine( distance ) ;
}
You may notice that the g is out of bounds from my precondition .
When I run the application , I get a nasty reminder that I broke the contract .
That 's exactly the behavior we wanted to express through our precondition .
There is a lot more to cover in subsequent posts on the subject , but I hope this gives you a sense of some of the power of the library .
Wrapping It Up
This is just a first look at the new Code Contracts library .
In my talks at the Continuous Improvement in Software Development conference , I stressed the need to for our intentions to be more clear in our code .
This is a great first step to creating a language agnostic approach to static code verification .
To be able to ensure to the caller what the API will expect , return and maintain is especially powerful and I think important in the future of software development , especially in regards to state management .
The language agnostic approach given with this library is an important step forward , so that I could statically verify my code no matter the language on the .NET platform .
There is a lot more to this library to explore .
I urge you to download it , and give them feedback .
You can post feedback on the Pex forums or send them an email at codconfb _at_ microsoft _dot_ com .
Time spent imagining , envisioning , and creating adds value to our existence - it is time well spent .
Opting to invest your precious time , resources , and energy tearing down the works of another , or berating their ideas , is typically unproductive and fraught with peril .
About one in 1,000 Europeans and Americans have a resistance to HIV Doctors in Germany say a patient appears to have been cured of HIV by a bone marrow transplant from a donor who had a genetic resistance to the virus .
The researchers in Berlin said the man , who suffered from leukaemia and HIV , had shown no sign of either disease since the transplant two years ago .
But they stressed it was an unusual case which needed further investigation .
Experts said the result may boost interest in gene therapy for HIV .
Berlin's Charite clinic said the 42 - year - old patient was an American living in Berlin , but the man has not been identified .
Genetic mutation
He had been infected with the human immunodeficiency virus , that causes Aids , for more than a decade and also had leukaemia .
The clinic said since the transplant was carried out 20 months ago , tests on the patient 's bone marrow , blood and other organ tissues have all been clear .
To promise to millions of people infected with HIV that there is hope of a cure would not be right
Professor Rodolf Tauber , Berlin's Charite clinic
In a statement , Professor Rodolf Tauber from the Charite clinic said : " This is an interesting case for research .
" But to promise to millions of people infected with HIV that there is hope of a cure would not be right . "
Roughly one in 1,000 Europeans and Americans have an inherited genetic mutation , which prevents HIV from attaching itself to cells .
Two million people die of Aids every year and HIV is estimated to have infected 33 million people worldwide .
Option ' for a few ' Professor Andrew Sewell , from the Department of Medical Biochemistry and Immunology at the University of Cardiff said in theory a bone marrow transplant such as this one " should work " and it was surprising that no one had tried it before .
Most people with HIV live in sub-Saharan Africa and this is hugely expensive
Professor Andrew Sewell , University of Cardiff " The problem is most people with HIV live in sub-Saharan Africa and this is hugely expensive , you have to find a matched donor , and it's a pretty severe and painful operation .
" So it 's going to be an option for very few people . "
He added that gene therapy to knock out the mutation of the key CCR5 receptor was a possibility for future treatment .
Professor Philip Goulder , an immunologist at the University of Oxford said : " It 's a really interesting case which looks at a treatment which really has n't been thought about before .
" But without having that much information about the specific case you would want to be very cautious about getting too excited and you would n't be able to replicate that treatment for a lot of people with HIV . "
Paul Ward , deputy chief executive at the Terrence Higgins Trust said : " This case gives us something to explore in future studies but it 's certainly not a quick fix as gene therapy is complex and expensive .
" With no cure in sight , prevention should be our number one priority . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Probably the Term of The Year in today ’s business and finance world is “ gaining control ” .
Today ’s tight credit policies and financing woes leave your business and personal financial welfare at stake .
Control your business and personal finance well , you will survive , if not thrive ; Lose control of your financials leave you and your business vulnerable .
What ’s your decision ?
Gaining control : all coming back to the comfort of your home
I believe you and I , if asked such question , will answer “ I want to gain control of my personal and business finance . ”
Like most things in live , everything is coming back to your ‘ home ’ –
Your knowledge and policy in your personal finance , including your family finance will determine the sustainability of your personal finance facing today ’s tough economy .
Not only that , your personal finance policy and knowledge will eventually affect your business .
How to gain control of your finances
I insist that your financial knowledge will command your ability to gain control of your personal and business finances .
What you know will affect your budgeting , spending and investing policies for your home and business .
Financial institutions ’ help
Luckily , while you are doing your part , many big financial institutions do offer you a help in managing your finances .
Take mCash Prepaid MasterCard , as an example .
From the website , mcashcard.com you can learn that Mastercard offer a solution in your cash management easily .
Suppose you want to gain control on your children spending habit , you can ‘ enforce ’ budgeting through prepaid debit cards for kids .
80/20 rules
The 80/20 rules in Pareto ’s Law help you break down what ’s necessary and what ’s a waste in your personal and business budgeting process .
Simply eliminate the ‘ waste ’ , and minimise the spending on what ’s necessary .
What includes as wastes ?
In your personal finance , they might include eating out , uncontrolled credit card uses , and so on .
In your business finance , they might include logistic issues , such as travel and delivery expenses , and ( ahem ) entertainment expenses , such as schmoozing clients in lunches .
The idea is break down to the smallest expense posts possible , and start prioritising from there .
Be careful : your investment vehicles
Investment should put money in your pocket .
While it seems obvious , many investment vehicles you choose for your personal and business investment endeavours are actually losing you money !
This might be controversial , but your retirement plan , to me , is an unknown – putting your hard earned cash in stocks means you ‘ attach ’ your fate to the economy .
And the mutual funds .
And your savings and certificates of deposit in banks .
And other typical vehicles .
There are so many sad stories of people going for personal bankruptcy and lose most , if not all , of their years - worth of saving due to today ’s stock market slump .
In my opinion , whether the market is up or down , you should always make money either way – this is the ONLY way to survive economic crisis .
My take on the safest investment vehicles of all time : the precious metal .
Period .
Learn finance to gain control
To conclude , I insist you to learn finance , as understanding the basic of it is actually already can do a favour to gain control of your finances .
By learn finance , I ’m not suggesting you should go to college for the sake of it .
What I suggest you to do is to seek the right information , e.g. from the Internet or publications – tips and tricks from the practicioners and the basic concepts of the world of finance – that will aid you in your personal and business endeavours .
My take on the best source of financial education : Mentors ( some of them are bloggers ) that insist you NOT to save your money in an account and live below your means .
Good luck on gaining control of your finances .
Ivan Widjaya
Gaining control
2006-11-13
Posted November 13 , 2006 at 12:00 am
I 'm gonna do my best to get back to my old schedule of updating every night at midnight .
Wish me luck !
Also , do n't forget to check out the SMBC video that 's now over at YouTube here .
If this one gets some play ... well ... who knows ...
Web copy is still , for the most part , being written in much - less - than - ideal circumstances by people who are n’t writers and do n’t have any time .
That ’s a problem , but it ’s not one we ’re likely to solve in the next few years — particularly not with a recession forcing many people to do ever more with ever less .
Article Continues Below
The good news , though , is that anyone who touches copy can make a difference by insisting that every chunk of text on the site is doing something concrete .
And alas , “ selling product ! ” does n’t count : “ selling ” is a muzzy , undefined process , so you ca n’t tell if you ’re doing it properly just by looking .
Copy needs specific goals to accomplish .
For the moment , let ’s take the product page — that is , a page designed to sell a product — as an example .
I ’m in grad school , and I ’m not a naturally organized person , so last week , I started looking around online for reviews of academic productivity and citation management applications that could help me manage my research materials .
An ad for academictoolkit.com topped my first page of Google results , and the URL sounded about right — an academic toolkit was pretty much exactly what I was hoping to find .
When the page finally finished loading , though , it took me several seconds to figure out how I ’d gotten there , and quite a few more to parse enough of the copy to realize that the site appeared to have nothing to offer me .
This was n’t the worst - case scenario , since it turns out that I was n’t in the target audience , as far as I can tell .
But if I had been , the copy might have been frustrating or just plain baffling enough to drive me away before I found what I was looking for .
In that case , the company would have lost a sale and I would have missed out on a potentially useful tool .
Still , what really happened was bad enough : the company wasted money on a too - vague Google ad and the site ’s unclear copy wasted enough of my time to make my inner editor squeak in irritation .
Solutioning your academias#section2
In case the page changes , here are the first two paragraphs that greeted me at academictoolkit.com , once I ’d scrolled past the extraneous Flash - video - headline thing at the top of the page :
Academia Solutions
GeoAge mobility solutions allow researchers to gain insight by providing access to real - time inspection information .
The ability to capture data and mobile devices , transmit and instantly report provides a strong advantage .
And that ’s where FAST can be a valuable asset … turning data into intelligence in near real - time .
Capturing and reporting in real - time can improve operational intelligence and provide insight that enables more effective strategic , tactical and effective decision - making .
With GeoAge mobility software , research is FASTER .
I should have closed the page as soon as I saw the words “ academia solutions . ”
“ Solutions ” is vague enough on its own , and the “ academia solutions ” construction bespeaks a mindset in which “ verticals ” square dance with “ industry matrices . ”
It ’s the language of marketing briefs , not that of academics or researchers or human beings .
This is not where I whine about jargon #section3
There ’s a time for professional jargon : when you know you ’re speaking to an audience that understands you , and you need the extra specificity and precision that jargon can provide .
If you ’re using it outside of that situation , you ’re probably not communicating clearly , honestly , or effectively .
Jargon is n’t really the problem here , though .
The problem with the copy on this page — and so many others that promote information products — is that it ’s not saying anything .
Misplaced jargon , buzzwords , and other kinds of fluff rush in because the lack of conveyable meaning creates a vacuum .
If you come to the page , as I did , by Googling “ academic research software , ” you may well be befuddled by the complete lack of information that might explain who this “ solution ” is intended for .
The third paragraph of copy does finally suggest that the activity it supports is “ mobile academic research , ” which presumably tells the target audience that they ’re in the right place , but there ’s no information about what academic disciplines , specifically , the software ( hardware ? ) is intended to serve — or whether they ’re targeting individual academics , research labs , or departmental IT leads .
Moreover , the copy does n’t say what the product is .
Two different brand names , “ GeoAge ” and “ FAST , ” appear , as does “ mobility solutions , ” which tells us the whatever - it - is is small and probably wireless .
Is it software ?
Is it hardware ?
Is it a hosted service ?
Is GeoAge the name of the company ?
What ’s FAST ?
If you do n’t already know , you ’re not going to find out here .
But that ’s okay , right , as long as you provide useful information to people who come to the site already knowing the brand name and nature of the product ?
I suppose it is , if you ’re willing to alienate everyone else ( and pay someone to field customer service inquiries from the people who ca n’t tell what ’s going on ) .
But is this text serving even the already - informed reader ?
Let ’s take another look .
GeoAge mobility solutions allow researchers to gain insight by providing access to real - time inspection information .
So these “ solutions ” let people gain “ insight ” by letting them see a particular kind of information in “ real - time . ”
Presumably , competing products do n’t let you do that — but this page does n’t say that .
The ability to capture data and mobile devices , transmit and instantly report provides a strong advantage .
Now we see that the “ ability ” to do various things “ provides a strong advantage . ”
Is this the solution ’s ability ?
The researcher ’s ability , gained by using the solution ?
What kind of advantage , and over what ?
Perhaps the next paragraph will explain .
And that ’s where FAST can be a valuable asset … turning data into intelligence in near real - time .
Leaving aside the question of what “ that ’s ” refers to ( the ability ?
the advantage ? ) , did n’t you say I ’d get insight in “ real - time ” two sentences ago ?
Is “ insight ” different from “ intelligence ” ?
Does “ intelligence ” take longer to bake , and that ’s why it only comes in “ near real time ” ?
This sentence tells us nothing .
Moving on .
Capturing and reporting in real - time can improve operational intelligence and provide insight that enables more effective strategic , tactical and effective decision - making .
Intelligence and insight will be improved !
By capturing and reporting !
That enables , among other things , tactical decision - making !
Glorious spider monkeys of the dawn , I ’ll take a dozen !
No matter that I still do n’t know what this thing is , except that it ’s mobile and researchy .
With GeoAge mobility software , research is FASTER .
… and we end with a tagline .
There ’s a third paragraph , but it ’s not much help , either .
This is what happens when you need to fill a webpage with copy and have no goals more specific than “ sell . ”
It ’s easy to hate on the prose , but the real problem is a lack of direction — and of a sense that there ’s a problem to be solved by the copy .
( The same thing that on the visual design side leads to pretty , useless page designs . )
The content is n’t doing anything but taking up space .
Make it simple #section5
Most product pages need to answer these questions :
Who is the product for ?
What is the product ?
What does the product do for its target user ?
Why is the product better than the available alternatives ?
Stupidly simple , right ?
But the lack of answers to these questions is what leads to thousands upon thousands of wasted hours ( and more money than I want to think about ) spent writing , serving , and reading meaningless dreck that does n’t inform users , promote products , or help anyone .
Let ’s break the questions down a little .
Who is the product for ?
Ask yourself :
Can the target audience tell from this copy that we ’re speaking to them ?
Can other people outside our audience tell that we ’re NOT speaking to them ?
What is the product ?
Ask yourself :
Have we spelled out , clearly and in simple language , what the product is ?
Are the nouns as concrete as we can make them ?
What does the product do for its target user ?
Ask yourself :
Have we laid out the product ’s primary features and benefits in a clear , concrete way ?
Why is the product better than the available alternatives ?
Ask yourself :
What evidence do we have for those claims ?
Are we presenting that evidence clearly and without fluffy , empty language that makes us look like we ’re boasting ?
Do those things and then get the text shined by someone who writes well , and you ’ll communicate more clearly and efficiently than the horde of companies who ’ve filled their product pages with the prose equivalent of cotton candy .
Doing it right #section6
Oh , and my search for a great research tool ?
It ended happily , when I found Zotero .
Not coincidentally , the Zotero people know how to write web copy .
Zotero [ zoh - TAIR - oh ] is a free , easy - to - use Firefox extension to help you collect , manage , and cite your research sources .
It lives right where you do your work — in the web browser itself .
That ’s how you do it .
Words with jobs#section7
In the second half of this series , I ’ll look at how you can use content templates to make sure your copy does its job , no matter how many pages ( and writers ) you ’re working with .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A dog has risked its life to protect four kittens trapped in a house fire in Melbourne , Australia .
Firefighters found Leo guarding the kittens which were in a cardboard box in one of the bedrooms .
When the fire broke out inside the house , the family of four plus their other dog managed to escape .
However Leo paid the price for his bravery .
He succumbed to the smoke and heat .
Firefighters rushed the dog to safety and revived the unconscious Leo with a heart massage and oxygen .
Some 80,000 patients undergo chemotherapy each year Doctors are being urged to re-think their approach to giving chemotherapy during care at the end of life .
A review of 600 cancer patients who died within 30 days of treatment found that in more than a quarter of cases it actually hastened or caused death .
The report by the National Confidential Enquiry into Patient Outcome and Death said doctors should consider reducing doses or not using chemotherapy at all .
England 's cancer tsar Professor Mike Richards said he was " very concerned " .
The group of patients the independent group was looking at represents 2 % of the 80,000 people who receive chemotherapy each year .
This report provides very disturbing information about the safety of treatment for incurable cancer
Professor Jane Maher , of Macmillan Cancer Support
They were all severely - ill patients for which the chemotherapy was mostly being used to manage their condition rather than in an attempt to cure the cancer .
After examining case notes , the group said that 35 % of patients received good care .
But it found that in 27 % of cases it hastened or caused death - the toxic nature of the treatment can lead to a range of problems , the most serious of which is an infection called neutropenic sepsis .
Report co-author Dr Diana
Mort said doctors should be more " cautious in prescribing chemotherapy for very sick patients " .
And she added : " The process of consent may require more than one discussion .
" Patients must be made aware of the risks and side - effect of chemotherapy as well as the potential benefits . "
Transfer arrangements
The report also criticised the facilities made available to patients with nearly half being admitted to general medicine wards during the last 30 days of life rather than a specialist cancer unit .
The authors recommended where hospitals did not have specialist units they should put in place transfer arrangements to centres that did .
Professor Jane Maher , chief medical officer at Macmillan Cancer Support , said : " This report provides very disturbing information about the safety of treatment for incurable cancer .
" It shows that doctors and nurses need to be much better at helping patients understand the pros and cons of such powerful treatments in the last year of life . "
Professor Richards said he was " very concerned " .
" I am asking all chemotherapy service providers to consider these reports urgently and to reassess their own services immediately against the measures we have set nationally . "
But Dr Peter Clark , of the Royal College of Physicians , said while lessons could be learnt it was important to remember that chemotherapy carried " substantial short and long - term benefit " for the majority who undergo the treatment .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Festivities celebrate the completion of Katy Freeway Katy Freeway expansion declared done
Festivities celebrate the completion of 18 - lane project with eventual tollway
Amid a burst of confetti and a release of balloons , some 400 supporters and road - building professionals Tuesday applauded the consummation of Texas ' biggest freeway project — $ 2.8 billlion , 23 miles long and the first to have a tollway down the middle .
" This project , for all intents and purposes , is complete , " announced Delvin Dennis , interim director of the Texas Department of Transportation 's Houston District .
" Tomorrow morning the ( high occupancy - toll ) lanes open .
If you 're not doing anything , take a ride on them . "
The two center lanes of the rebuilt Katy Freeway in each direction from Texas 6 to the West Loop will operate from 5 a.m. to 11 a.m. and 2 p.m. to 8 p.m. , but drivers will need two or more people in the car .
Tolls on hold for now
Tolls will not be introduced until probably late April , giving the Harris County Toll Road Authority several months to gauge the likely demand , said authority spokeswoman Lawanda Howse .
When the trial run is over , she said , tolls that increase with traffic volume will be collected via EZ Tag or TxTag for vehicles not meeting occupancy requirements for free rides .
Transit vehicles will use the lanes at no charge .
Elected officials attending the celebration included Gov. Rick Perry and U.S. Rep. John Culberson , who , with former County Judge Robert Eckels and county infrastructure director Art Storey , had pushed the idea of including toll lanes and using county toll road revenue to speed completion of the work .
Culberson said the job was completed in five years and four months , compared to a likely 10 years or more with conventional funding .
" And without a single federal earmark , " he added .
290 project down the road
Culberson then told the crowd , " 290 's next , " referring to plans by TxDOT and HCTRA to widen the Northwest Freeway , and build a tollway along Hempstead Highway .
The double - barreled project is expected to extend through much of the next decade .
Perry noted the roar of traffic below , above and around the crowd , which was gathered on a frontage road overpass .
" This is the sound of freedom we hear , " he said .
" These people need roads to get to work , to church and to school . "
Opponents of the project have noted its extreme size — 18 lanes , counting toll and frontage lanes from Texas 6 to Washington , and more lanes at entrances and exits .
The widening uprooted numerous businesses along the route and took two streets in the city of Spring Valley .
Opponents also say the widening will increase emissions and noise and contribute to suburban sprawl .
Despite its size , the widened freeway adds " just one new ' free ' lane , a pair of toll lanes and no significant transit improvement , " said Robin Holzer , chair of the grass - roots Citizens Transportation Coalition .
" Too bad it does not have a space for a commuter rail like our design did , " said environmental attorney Jim Blackburn , who tried unsuccessfully to force the state to revise its plans , add mass transit and lessen the project 's impact on neighborhoods .
Still hoping for rail
Before the ceremony , Eckels said he still hopes commuter rail can be built along the route , possibly in one of the strips between the main and frontage road lanes .
The track would need to be elevated over major crossings , he said , adding that , if that is too costly , Westpark may make a good alternative .
The Metropolitan Transit Authority , which already plans light rail on Westpark , paid to have Katy Freeway overpasses beefed up to carry its trains if space there ever is available for them .
But Culberson , whose ability to get federal dollars was crucial to the widening project , pledged not to give up a single freeway lane for Metro rail .
Brandt Mannchen , the Sierra Club regional air quality chairman , expressed regret at what he termed a missed opportunity to have rail on the Katy .
" Instead , we have allowed the privatization and commercialization our freeways via toll lanes , " he said .
" Those that are less able to pay will have to stay in slower congested lanes , while toll lanes will be used by those who have the money . "
traffic@chron.com
Shocking news from WRAL late in the evening on Saturday : Ronnie Sturdivant , owner of the Corcoran St. parking garage / former Jack Tar Motel and the W. Chapel Hill St. hotel that 's become the Urban Merchant Center , was shot and killed on Saturday afternoon .
Barry Wayne Kaalund is charged with murder in the death of Ronnie Sturdivant , owner of Urban Merchants , located at 605 West Chapel Hill St. Officers responding to a gunshot call at the store just before 4:30 a.m. p.m. Saturday found Sturdivant shot several times .
He was pronounced dead at the scene by emergency personnel .
Sturdivant was in the news just two weeks ago following the latest move by City officials to attempt to force the property owner to clean up the W. Chapel Hill St. facility .
My thoughts , and I hope those of all BCR readers , are with Sturdivant 's wife and family at this very difficult time .
Update : I 've updated the post to correct that this happened around 4:30 pm , not am .
Thanks to a reader for catching that .
Kaalund , from what little research I 've been able to do , Mr. Kaalund appears to be a long - standing member of the Durham community ; formerly a homeowner off Kent St. ; a UNC grad ; quoted in local news articles at the opening of a cultural center in the Triangle a few years back .
And the comments of Pat Murray ( the publisher of the terrific Durham Skywriter newspaper ) suggest there is much more to learn about this story .
Kaalund is being held without bond in the Durham County jail .
MANY young ice addicts have shrunken brains the size of people aged in their 70s and giving up drugs is unlikely to reverse the damage , research has found .
Staff at the University of Western Australia used magnetic resonance imaging to scan the brains of addicts who use about one gram of crystal methamphetamine a week .
They found a 28 - year - old man who had been injecting ice twice a week had a brain about 15 per cent smaller than expected , while a 38 - year - old who had been using ice for 10 years had severe scarring on his brain that could not be attributed to any other cause .
Please excuse the pun , but I think we ’re all ready to get started .
I hope you enjoy our very first submission , and look forward to seeing many more around here .
For those who are here for the first time : we are open source science fiction .
What does that mean exactly ?
We are taking the philosophy of the “ open source ” community , and applying it to running and creating a magazine .
It ’s open to everyone and anyone .
Submissions ( by everyone ) are voted on ( by everyone ) , and so you decide what the top stories are .
If you are a writer , this is potentially a great place to get some exposure .
We ca n’t promise much more than your publication , and we ’ll advertise as much as we can , but this is a small project and it ’s working from the ground up .
I believe that given the opportunity , without the long and drawn out process of sending stories to publishers , etc , so much more material has the opportunity to be shared , critiqued and developed .
From this project , who knows , maybe even greater projects will emerge .
Time will tell .
For now , this is an open platform for the genre of science fiction .
If you ’d like to be a regular contributor to our submissions and / or our blogs , feel free to email us : rama.ezine@gmail.com .
Until then , welcome aboard , please have a look around !
- shamansun , editor , contributor .
SfC Home >
History >
Similarities Between the Assassinations of Kennedy and Lincoln ( 1860s and 1960s )
by Ron Kurtus ( revised 10 April 2019 )
American presidents Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy were both tragically assassinated during their terms in office .
Both men were admired by many but actually hated by those who opposed their political views .
Shortly after Kennedy was assassinated on 22 November 1963 , a comparison of the circumstances of his death and the assassination of Abraham Lincoln on 14 April 1865 surfaced .
That comparison pointed out some amazing coincidences .
Questions you may have include :
What were the comparisons ?
Is there any significance to them ?
Is this just a coincidence or what ?
This lesson will answer those questions .
Comparison of events
The following chart compares the amazing coincidences in the deaths of Lincoln and Kennedy .
Some items that are commonly listed in this comparison have been deleted as incorrect , thanks to reader feedback .
Lincoln Kennedy Lincoln was elected to Congress in 1846 Kennedy was elected to Congress in 1946 He was elected President in 1860 He was elected President in 1960
His wife lost a child while living in the White House
His wife lost a child while living in the White House
He was directly concerned with Civil Rights
He was directly concerned with Civil Rights Lincoln had a secretary named Kennedy who told him not to go to the theater * see note 1 Kennedy had a secretary named Lincoln who told him not to go to Dallas
* see note 2 Lincoln was shot in the back of the head in the presence of his wife Kennedy was shot in the back of the head in the presence of his wife Lincoln shot in the Ford Theatre Kennedy shot in a Lincoln , made by Ford He was shot on a Friday He was shot on a Friday The assassin , John Wilkes Booth , was known by three names , comprised of fifteen letters
The assassin , Lee Harvey Oswald , was known by three names , comprised of fifteen letters Booth shot Lincoln in a theater and fled to a warehouse * see note 3 Oswald shot Kennedy from a warehouse and fled to a theater Booth was killed before being brought to trial Oswald was killed before being brought to trial
There were theories that Booth was part of a greater conspiracy
There were theories that Oswald was part of a greater conspiracy Lincoln 's successor was Andrew Johnson , born in 1808 Kennedy 's successor was Lyndon Johnson , born in 1908 Andrew Johnson died 10 years after Lincoln 's death Lyndon Johnson died 10 years after Kennedy 's death
* 1 Note :
It is an urban myth that Lincoln had a secretary named Kennedy .
There is no record of that .
* 2 Note :
There is no record whether or not Kennedy 's secretary warned him .
* 3 Note : Booth actually fled to a farm and was killed in a tobacco barn .
It might be a stretch to call it a warehouse .
But two years after his death , Booth 's body was temporarily moved to a warehouse .
Also , after the assassination , the government closed the Ford Theatre and turned it into a warehouse .
Other interesting facts
Some other interesting facts include :
Lincoln 's dream
Apparently Lincoln had a dream several days before the assassination that he had been killed .
He told his wife that he had seen himself in a casket .
A Kennedy uncovers plot
In February 1861 , there was a plot called the " Baltimore Plot " to assassinate Lincoln as he passed through the city .
A NYPD officer , John Kennedy , claimed to have uncovered the plot .
In 1951 , a movie The Tall Target was made about the plot , staring Dick Powell as Kennedy .
Lincoln 's turkey named " Jack "
Also , Lincoln 's son Tad had a pet turkey named Jack .
Tad asked his father not to kill the turkey for Thanksgiving .
Although Harry S Truman started the official tradition , Lincoln was the first to " pardon " a Thanksgiving turkey .
( Now what would be real interesting is if JFK had a pet named Abe or had pardoned someone by that name .
Thus far , I have n't heard of that . )
Skeptics disagree
Some skeptics say that you could take any two famous people and find a number of similar - type coincidences between them .
The only problem with that theory is that there really have n't been any listings of such comparisons .
And certainly none has been as extensive as the Lincoln - Kennedy similarities .
Summary
Facts concerning the assassination of Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy are amazingly similar .
It is uncertain if such coincidences have any meaning , but they certainly are strange .
Live your life with meaning
Resources and references
The following are resources on this topic .
Ron Kurtus ' Credentials
Websites
History Resources
Evidence of Reincarnation Through Coincidence and Synchronicity - Extensive comparison of Abraham Lincoln and John F. Kennedy
Analysis of Comparison - from Snopes site on Urban Legends
Lincoln
Biography of Abraham Lincoln - from the White House website
Abraham Lincoln - Extensive biography
Chronology of Lincoln's Life - from TheHistoryPlace.com
Kennedy
Biography of John F. Kennedy - from the White House website
John F. Kennedy Library site - from JFKLibrary.org
The Strange Life of Lee Harvey Oswald - Biography
Books
Killing Lincoln : The Shocking Assassination that Changed America Forever by Bill O'Reilly and Martin Dugard ; Henry Holt and Co. ( 2011 ) - Best seller
Killing Kennedy : The End of Camelot by Bill O'Reilly and Martin Dugard ; Henry Holt and Co. ( 2012 )
Lincoln by David Herbert Donald ; Simon & Schuster ( 1996 ) - Good biography by Pulitzer prize winning author
American Brutus : John Wilkes Booth and the Lincoln Conspiracies by Michael W. Kauffman ; Random House ( 2004 ) - Thorough review of the assassination of Abraham Lincoln
John F. Kennedy : A Biography by Michael O'Brien ; Thomas Dunne Books ( 2005 ) - Extensive biography
JFK Myths by Larry M. Sturdivan ; Paragon House Publishers ( 2005 ) - A scientific investigation of the Kennedy assassination
Questions and comments
Do you have any questions , comments , or opinions on this subject ?
If so , send an email with your feedback .
I will try to get back to you as soon as possible .
Share this page
Click on a button to bookmark or share this page through Twitter , Facebook , email , or other services :
Students and researchers
The Web address of this page is :
www.school-for-champions.com/history/
lincolnjfk.htm
Please include it as a link on your website or as a reference in your report , document , or thesis .
Copyright © Restrictions
Where are you now ?
School for Champions
Until last month , the clock had enough digits to measure US debt levels
The US government 's debts have ballooned so badly the National Debt Clock in New York has run out of digits to record the spiralling figure .
The digital counter marks the national debt level , but when that passed the $ 10 trillion point last month , the sign could not display the full amount .
The board was erected to highlight the $ 2.7 trillion level of debt in 1989 .
The clock 's owners say two more zeros will be added , allowing the clock to record a quadrillion dollars of debt .
Douglas Durst , son of the late Seymour Durst - the clock 's inventor - hopes to replace the Manhattan clock with its lengthier replacement early next year .
For the time being , the Times Square counter 's electronic dollar sign has been replaced with the extra digit required .
For its part , the digital dollar symbol has been supplanted by a cheaper version - perhaps a sign of the times for the American economy .
Some economists believe the $ 700 bn bail - out plan for ailing US financial institutions could send the national debt level to $ 11 trillion .
McCain may lose Florida -
If so , it 's over
By Ben Cohen
Pollster.com is reporting that Obama is beating McCain handily in Florida - this is very , very bad news for McCain .
Without Florida , McCain cannot win the presidency .
Children born to mothers with pregnancy - related diabetes run twice the risk of language development problems , according to a research team directed by Professor Ginette Dionne of Université Laval 's School of Psychology .
Details of this discovery are published in the most recent issue of the scientific journal Pediatrics .
Researchers compared the vocabulary and grammar skills of 221 children whose mothers were diagnosed with gestational diabetes to those of 2,612 children from a control group .
These tests were conducted at different intervals between ages 18 months and 7 years .
Results showed that children born to mothers with gestational diabetes achieve poorer scores on tests of spoken vocabulary and grammar than children of healthy mothers .
The differences between the two groups are probably due to the effects of gestational diabetes on the brain development of babies .
The study shows that these effects persist even after the children start school .
This study is the first to isolate the effect of gestational diabetes from other factors including family socioeconomic status , alcohol and tobacco consumption as well as maternal hypertension during pregnancy .
However , the study suggests that the impact of pregnancy - related diabetes on language development is not inevitable , as children of more educated mothers appear less affected .
" This protection may be the result of the more stimulating environment in which children of more highly educated mothers develop , but it could also be due to genes that could make some babies less vulnerable , " explains Ginette Dionne .
" For the moment , we cannot isolate the two factors , but ongoing studies should allow us to answer that question , " she continued .
Between 2 % and 14 % of children are born to mothers who suffer from gestational diabetes .
Risk factors for this complication during pregnancy include the mother 's age and her body mass index .
" As mothers are having their children at a later age and the incidence of obesity in the population is on the rise , the rate of gestational diabetes is clearly increasing , " underlined Professor Dionne .
" The risk to babies ' language development needs to be taken into account , " she concludes .
In addition to Ginette Dionne , the study was coauthored by Michel Boivin , Jean R. Séguin , Daniel Pérusse , and Richard E. Tremblay .
Authors are members of the Research unit on psychosocial maladjustment in children .
Our Services
Our website design firm is different than other website design companies , because we design all of our sites from the ground up using the latest design standards , already optimized for search engines .
Your website can be designed in any way you desire , we do not use website design templates to save time like many other companies .
We do not cut corners , and will talk with you to ensure you get exactly what you need .
You do n't need to know anything about web design , or hosting to get started , we 'll take care of everything for you .
We can help get you a domain name and hosting account , and configure everything for you at no extra cost .
Find out how our website design process works
Internet Marketing Services
Whether you already have a website , or need us to create one for you , once you have your site online we can help get more customers to your site .
We specialize in advanced Search Engine Optimization techniques , and can help get your site top rankings in search engines .
We can also bring your business online to the many social media sites like Twitter and Facebook .
Our professionals can create professional and original designs for your social media sites , and even help generate thousands of followers in a very short time .
Find out more about our marketing packages
Programming
If you need something custom created , we can help you with that as well .
We specialize in PHP / MySQL , Ajax / Jquery applications .
For anything from simple custom web forms , to the next social media site , our programmers can help get your project finished right , quicker than you might expect .
Please send us a message about your project , and we 'll be happy to quickly get back to you with a quote .
In this post I review the demand model of the World Energy Model ( WEM ) used in IEA 's World Energy Outlook ( WEO ) 2008 .
My analysis indicates that the model has major deficiencies of a number of types .
These include treating economic growth as an exogenous variable , when it is really depends on other variables , including the amount of fossil fuels available ; inadequate analysis of the speed and price at which low grade fuels can be produced ; and inadequate review of model outcomes compared to real - world data .
Because of these and other issues , in my view , the model is not serving its intended purpose .
The purpose of the World Energy Outlook demand forecast is to show future energy market trends assuming no new government intervention takes place .
This is a useful exercise because it tells governments what they need to do now to prevent the realization of an undesired scenario presented by IEA .
Such an exercise is useful only if the underlying assumptions sufficiently resemble reality .
If not , politicians can be lulled into complacency and / or issue the wrong type of policy response , resulting in disastrous consequences .
Introduction
“ In our Reference Scenario , world primary energy demand grows by 1.6 % per year on average in 2006 - 2030 , from 11 730 Mtoe to just over 17 010 Mtoe — an increase of 45 % . ” ( World Energy Outlook 2008 , International Energy Agency , page 38 )
The outcome of the demand scenario from the International Energy Agency is an increase in energy consumption of 45 % by 2030 - - a growth outcome that is extrapolated from present investment trends and governmental policies to the year 2030 , far in the future .
To state this explicitly in the IEA ’s own words :
“ The core projections , the Reference scenario , indicates what would happen if , among other things , there were to be no new energy - policy interventions by governments beyond those already adopted by mid-2008 .
This will not happen and the Reference scenario is not a forecast : it is a baseline picture of how global energy markets would evolve if the underlying trends in energy demand and supply are not changed . ”
( World Energy Outlook 2008 , International Energy Agency , page 52 )
The demand trend is thus constructed from assumptions based upon current policies and extrapolating these assumptions to 2030 .
The assumptions are inserted into formulas used in the IEA ’s mathematical World Energy Model ( WEM ) which is comprised of the following six models : final energy demand ; power generation ; refinery and other transformation ; fossil fuel supply ; CO2 emissions , and investment .
These six models have direct as well as feedback connections between each other .
The simplified structure is shown in Figure 2 below , taken in adapted version from the IEA explanation paper of the WEM to make it more readable ( the original version of this graph is of very poor quality ) .
A detailed description of the WEM can be found here in PDF format .
Figure 2 - International Energy Agency World Energy Model ( WEM ) overview adapted from the WEM model explanation graph
How are demand trends projected in the IEA ’s World Energy Model ?
The IEA uses several main variables to project demand of which demographics , economic growth , international fossil fuel prices and technological development measured by means of energy intensity ( energy usage per unit of output of the economy ) are the most important .
All these variables are taken as exogenous assumptions and are thus not derived from the World Energy Model ( WEM ) itself .
For the World Energy Outlook 2008 the following assumptions were taken for these four main variables :
• Demographic developments , population is projected to grow from 6.5 billion in 2006 to around 8.2 billion in 2030 in the WEO 2008 .
The proportion of people over 60 years old are projected to rise from 11 % now to about 15 % by 2030 .
These figures used by the IEA are drawn from the most recent United Nations projections from 2007 .
• Economic growth , the IEA assumes that the current economic crisis is of a short lived nature .
By the turn of the decade , world Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) growth is expected to recover to around 4.5 % per year .
After around 2015 it is expected that GDP growth will progressively slow until 2030 .
World Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) is assumed to grow by an average of 4.2 % per year in 2006 - 2015 and 2.8 % per year in 2015 - 2030 .
Combined this leads to an average of 3.3 % per year over the period of 2006 - 2030 .
GDP growth is weighed by using purchasing power parity ( ppp ) and the input numbers are based largely on projections prepared by the OECD , IMF and World Bank for the short to medium term .
In the longer term , growth in each region is assumed to converge to an annual rate dependent on demographic developments , productivity , macroeconomic conditions and the pace of technological change .
• Energy prices , the trajectories for international energy prices are derived from a new iterative model of supply and demand that has been introduced in the WEO 2008 .
An iterative model calculates the costs of energy based upon interactions between supply and demand .
It means that the costs of energy increase up to the point that it makes economic sense to invest sufficiently in energy production as to meet the necessary demand growth .
However , as prices rise , demand decreases since consumers can pay less and shift their consumption to other goods .
A new equilibrium is thus reached in iterative steps at which demand equals supply .
This year the IEA has assumed much higher costs to produce fossil fuel in general , and in particularly for oil as shown in Figure 3 below .
Figure 3 - Fossil Fuel Price assumptions used in the World Energy Outlook 2008 .
Table taken from page 68 of the report .
• Energy intensity or the amount of fuel used per unit of economic output of the economy measured in terms of Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
In the model energy intensity is taken per different unit of fuel ( coal , oil , gas etc. ) in each sub sector in the model ( Industry , Residential , Services , Transport etc. ) .
Overall , the energy intensity decline used is 1.7 % per year .
That means that primary energy demand per unit of real GDP is expected to decline by 1.7 % a year , which is 0.6 % faster than the average in the past three decades .
The underlying assumption of this faster decrease in energy intensity is a continued transition to a service economy in many Non-OECD countries , as well as more rapid efficiency improvements in the power and end -use sectors in the OECD .
There are three main issues I have with the IEA demand side approach .
First , it does not make sense to use the factors above as exogenous variables .
Economic growth , for example , will be heavily influenced by energy supply which in turn impacts energy demand .
We are currently experiencing an economic crisis for a number of reasons , among them being a lack of growth in oil production in the past three years .
By taking economic growth for granted , the outcome of the model will always show growing energy demand for decades into the future .
This scenario does not resemble the reality of a world in which fossil fuel supplies are limited .
The second issue lies in the lack of communication on the IEA ’s part to the external world ( including policy makers and media ) that these variables are taken for granted as exogenous variables .
If one understands that growth is simply an assumption , it tremendously changes one 's understanding of the IEA ’s World Energy Outlook 2008 .
If one clearly states one 's assumptions , it becomes possible to challenge them .
Otherwise , discussing the matter continues to be a black box of misunderstanding , and leads the media and politicians to take the IEA 's scenarios for granted as likely developments , instead of scenarios that could happen under stated assumptions .
I make this observation mainly from my personal experience with the media , civil servants , and politicians in their interpretation of the IEA 's message in the past four years in the Netherlands .
The third issue lies in the iterative model used to determine energy prices .
The cost of increasing supply to meet increasing demand is highly dependent on the underlying assumptions .
The IEA uses long term oil supply cost curves as shown in Figure 4 below as a basis for determining its estimates of supply .
This involves plotting the total amount of resources available versus the estimated production costs of these resources .
This shows , given the assumptions used by the IEA , that there are plenty of resources available at a relatively low costs below $ 100 per barrel , in a normal market environment .
Normal means a market environment in which there is no OPEC cartel , there are no upcoming personnel shortages in the oil industry , and there are no external environmental issues that increase prices such as CO2 emissions .
In previous editions of the World Energy Outlook , the IEA did not take into account any of such issues that change the " normal market environment " .
This was a limitation of the model that led to the very low price expectation of $ 20 to $ 30 per barrel in projection to 2030 .
In the 2008 WEO edition , such issues are taken into account to a limited degree , leading to higher price expectations of around $ 100 per barrel in the next decades .
It is doubtful whether the assumptions go far enough , however .
There are several reasons why I think this is the case :
First , the speed at which lower grade fuels can be produced is much slower than the speed at which conventional oil can be produced .
In fact , the speed is so slow that it will be impossible to meet a large increase in demand through unconventional sources of fossil fuels in the next two decades .
Second , it is doubtful whether conventional oil exists in the quantities shown in the oil supply cost curves chart .
Third , this calculation does not take into account quality differences between these resources in a useful manner .
One of the most important variables in determining costs is the increasing energy inputs required to produce progressively lower grades of oil .
Figure 4 - Long term oil supply cost curve used in the World Energy Outlook 2008 .
Figure taken from page 218 of the report .
The energy demand outcomes of the WEM model
With an exogenous economic growth assumption of 3.3 % per year to 2030 , and an energy intensity decline of 1.7 % per year , it is not surprising that the WEM calculations lead to an energy demand increase of 45 % by 2030 , as shown in Figure 5 for different types of fuels .
Most growth comes from coal , which will almost overtake oil as the biggest energy source by 2030 .
The reason for this shift is because energy consumption is expected to increase in China and India , as a result of demand growth in the next two decades , and these countries are expected to meet most of their incremental demand through coal .
Although it is not explicitly stated in the WEO 2008 , the gradual change to greater coal consumption is likely an effect of a combination of the WEM 's relative price assumption of coal to that of oil and gas , plus the expected coal availability in China and India .
Figure 5 - World primary energy demand by fuel in the reference scenario .
Figure taken from the World Energy Outlook 2008 report page 80 .
Nearly all of the energy consumption growth of the world ( 87 % ) is expected to come from non-OECD countries in the future .
Energy consumption in the OECD hardly grows , even as GDP increases at 2 % per annum , due to an assumed continuous efficiency improvement in the power and end - use sectors .
The biggest contributor to non-OECD growth is China .
The country is expected to nearly double its energy consumption between 2006 and 2030 to a level of 3.8 million tonnes of oil equivalent , as shown in Figure 6 below .
Figure 6 - Incremental primary energy demand by fuel per region / country from the World Energy Outlook 2008 .
Figure taken from page 82 of the report
If we take the assumed model structure with exogenous variables for granted , what can it tell us ?
Does the scenario provide a plausible enough outcome to show that the current energy path will lead to an energy consumption growth of 45 % in the time period of 2006 - 2030 ?
Even in the case that we do not take significant supply constraints into account ?
Unfortunately , time has been too short between the publication of the World Energy Outlook and publishing this post in the next day to analyze the internal validity of the model 's outcome myself .
Fortunately , a recent article written by Nel and Cooper ( 2008 ) gives great insights in this issue .
The article is called " A critical review of IEA ’s oil demand forecast for China " and was published in the January edition of the Energy Policy journal ( PDF is downloadable here for those with access to Energy Policy ) .
Although the article is based upon the oil demand projections from the IEA ’s WEO 2006 for China , its conclusions are still valid as the oil demand projection from the WEO 2006 hardly differs from that of the WEO 2008 .
China ’s oil consumption is expected to grow to 15 million barrels per day in 2030 in the WEO 2006 compared to 16.6 million barrels per day in 2030 in the WEO 2008 .
In the article , Nel and Cooper look at the historical relationship between economic growth and oil consumption for several hundred countries in the world .
The report concludes that in the most efficient historical cases , oil consumptions grows to 11 barrels per capita as GDP per capita grows to $ 20,000 ( measured in purchase power parity terms ) .
When comparing this value with the IEA ’s projections for Chinese GDP and oil consumption , they surprisingly find that China can do something which no nation on earth has done in history , growing to a level of wealth of $ 20,000 of GDP per capita as oil consumption per capita only increases to 3 barrels per capita , as shown in Figure 7 below .
The authors conclude their paper by stating that :
“ The application of logistic curves to the lower - bound global historical data of GDP per capita in comparison to oil consumption per capita emphasizes the fact that the IEA forecasts for China diverge significantly from historical trends .
Although potential contributing factors associated with the unique attributes of China could contribute to such divergence , the IEA projections are unprecedented in history . ”
( Nel and Cooper , Energy Policy 36 , page 1104 )
Figure 7 – Graphical presentation of projected demand growth for China in the WEO 2006 compared with historical data for other countries and candidate logistics curves , taken from Nel and Cooper ( 2008 ) .
While this is hardly a comprehensive analysis of the entire energy demand model of the IEA , it raises significant doubts on the validity of the assumptions used in the demand part of the IEA ’s WEM used for the World Energy Outlook 2008 .
Conclusions
I began this post by indicating that it is the IEA ’s intent to show how global energy markets will evolve if underlying trends in energy demand and supply are not changed by political intervention .
I think that this goal has not been reached , as the assumptions in the energy demand part of the model do not sufficiently resemble the dynamics of reality .
More directly stated : the world energy model in my opinion does not sufficiently resemble reality to answer any question or provide insight into the evolution of global energy markets without new political intervention .
In order to improve future versions of the WEM and World Energy Outlook , I suggest that it would be worthwhile for the IEA to examine the following key variables / issues more closely :
• Feedbacks between supply , demand , economic growth and energy prices
• Identification of the increase in the energy cost of fossil fuel production in the future that is expected to occur because of a decrease in the quality of the remaining fossil fuels over time
• Review of the empirical relationship between economic growth and energy consumption
• Explicit identification of assumptions and limitations regarding the WEM in the management summary of the World Energy Outlook
References
Nel and Cooper 2008 , A critical review of IEA ’s oil demand forecast for China , Energy Policy , number 36 , pages 1096 - 1106
Yesterday I was starting to get nervous about the path I 'd started to go down with the generic groups app for Pinax .
I was basically building a single centralized app through which different types of groups would be managed via configuration .
I had a good chat with Eric Florenzano about it and we agreed that it just felt wrong but I could n't think of an alternative .
Then this morning I had a brainwave — a shift in approach that I described on the mailing list as an " exo " approach rather than the previous " endo " approach .
Instead of having a single , centralized " groups " app that 's highly configurable and lets you plug different pieces in , I realised a better approach would be to simply provide the building blocks for site developers to create their own group apps bottom - up .
The advantage of the " exo " approach is that it makes group customization more like normal Django development .
It 's more flexible if you want to do some things differently .
After thinking about it some more , it occurred to me that the endo vs exo distinction is quite important when crafting extensible software .
It 's not that exo approach is always better .
It 's just different .
The endo approach is that of a framework whereas the exo approach is that of a library .
Even a single system like Django may have some aspects that are endo and others that are exo .
An endo approach says to a developer : " we 'll provide you the core with slots you can plug your pieces into " .
An exo approach says to a developer : " we 'll provide pieces you can plug together yourself " .
In Pinax , django - notifications takes a more endo approach ( you register your notification types with the notification subsystem ) whereas django - mailer takes an exo approach ( it 's just there when you want to send mail ) .
If you need to " register " an entity , an endo approach is probably being used .
If you put your B in the configuration of A then A is endo .
Whereas if your B just calls A to do something then A is exo .
Seems a useful distinction .
What do people think ?
[ youtube zGcQooF6tIc ]
Behold , the late Colin McRae piloting a Prodrive modified Ferrari 550 Maranello at Le Man in 2004 .
This is some awesome footage of one of the most famous race tracks of all time .
No music , no commentary , simply raw Ferrari power in the hands of a legendary driver .
Powered by Adsense Deluxe Revived
Security forces from Iran have recently captured and arrested two dangerous pigeons that posed a huge threat to the Iranian national security by spying on one of the many nuclear facilities of the country .
The pair of birds , which have just raised terrorist operations to an even higher level , were caught by the military forces of the well - defended underground uranium enrichment plant in the city of Natanz , the Isfahan province .
A newspaper from Iran has quoted a source as claiming that one of the birds was “ caught bearing a blue - coated metal ring , with invisible strings , ” which the security forces representatives claim was discovered to be some sort of communication apparatus .
Still , no further description of the victims of the arrest , nor other details related to the country or agency they worked for , what fate they should expect or the produced damage were offered .
This type of activity as is undergoing at the Natanz facility is associated by the officials from the western countries with the development of nuclear weaponry , in spite of the statements from the Tehran government officials that its goal is to provide power for public use .
This is not the first time that birds fall victim to such treatments and to nuclear - related activities .
Seagulls from UK's Sellafield nuclear facility are shot by sharpshooters and thrown in freezers , because swimming in the contaminated waters renders them radioactive .
Currently , we are expecting an official statement related to the fate of the two pigeon individuals and to future defense plans on behalf of the Iranian authorities .
As indicated by the site of the Greenpeace organization , which has also looked into the matter , the pigeon community has declined to make any comment .
In light of this recent event , perhaps it would not seem too far - fetched for Iranian forces to prepare for a large scale US - developed espionage operation by means of platypuses and dragonflies .
Newspapers struggling to find an online life may not like the sound of this :
When it comes to mainstream media sites , far more people read unauthorized online copies of stories than read the originals , according to some interesting new research being released today .
The study indicates content illegally republished on third - party sites gets two - and - a - half times the traffic , on average , that the original and official version does .
The most extreme cases , it says , happen in stories about cars , travel , and movies .
Dupes of those sorts of stories were found to get as much as seven times the traffic as the originals .
The report ( PDF ) , conducted by Attributor Corp. , suggests online publishers are losing out , on average , on $ 150,000 in ad revenue from those unauthorized online copies .
Some bigger Web publishers could stand to lose as much as $ 1 million a year , it claims .
So can publishers really take advantage of this information , or is it just a reminder of how much they ’re getting screwed ?
The obvious implication is stepping up copyright enforcement , and it ’s worth noting that Attributor — the group that did the study — is a copyright enforcement company , so it may have had its own reasons for doing this research .
( The company sells software that hunts down copyright violations on the Web . )
Attributor also suggests the idea that companies could “ figure out a way to mine advertising revenue ” from these stolen copies .
It ’s a nice concept , sure , but I do n’t know that the sort of blogs that are outright stealing content will be open to the idea of an external company placing ads on their pages .
If someone can figure out a way to make that happen , though , they ’ll be not only a millionaire — but also could be credited as being the genius who gave struggling mainstream media companies a new lease on life .
Think it ’ll happen ?
They hate him for being a Muslim .
They hate him for being a Jew .
After a while , all the hate coming from the Republican party starts to look and feel and sound the same .
How interesting that the self - admitted racist , who also appears to be an anti-Semite , parroted John McCain ’s message about media bias .
I just find it interesting that John McCain ’s and Sarah Palin ’s hate is now leading to not just threats against Obama ’s life , but what could be described as hate crimes against Jews .
Then again , John McCain and Sarah Palin have a very troubling record of ties to anti-Semitism .
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XbbcVNOMqSk]
Soaring , Cryptography and Nuclear Weapons Martin Hellman Professor Emeritus of Electrical Engineering Stanford University October 21 , 2008
Hellman is a co-inventor of public key cryptography , the technology that secures communication of credit card and other sensitive information over the Internet .
He has worked for over twenty - five years to reduce the threat posed by nuclear weapons and his current project is described at NuclearRisk.org .
He is a glider pilot with over 2,600 hours in the air .
Section 1 : 99.9 % Safe Maneuvers
Let 's face it , nuclear weapons are the elephant in the room that no one likes to talk about .
So let 's approach the issue from the less threatening perspective of the awesome picture below .
Figure 1 : A glider executing a high speed low pass .
The glider looks like it 's suspended above the runway , but in reality it 's screaming toward the photographer at 150 mph in a maneuver known as a high speed low pass .
The pilot starts about 2000 feet high and a mile from the runway .
He then dives to convert altitude into speed and skims the runway .
Next , he does a steep climb to reconvert some of that speed into altitude so he can turn and land .
Given that the glider has no engine , you might wonder how the pilot can be sure he 'll gain enough altitude in the climb to safely turn and land .
The laws of physics tell us exactly how altitude is traded for speed and vice versa .
While there is a loss due to the air resistance of the glider , that is a known quantity which the pilot takes it into account by starting from a higher altitude than needed for the landing phase .
But it 's important to read the fine print in that guarantee provided by the laws of physics .
It only applies if the air is stationary .
If there 's a slight wind the difference is negligible , but if the air movement is unusually strong all bets are off – which is what happened to a friend of mine who had safely executed the maneuver many times before .
But this time he hit an unusually strong , continuous downdraft .
The laws of physics still applied , but the model of stationary air was no longer applicable and he had no way of knowing his predicament until he approached the runway with much less speed than needed for a safe landing .
He managed to land without damage to himself or his glider , but was so shaken that he no longer does that maneuver .
While most experienced glider pilots sometimes do low passes ( and some race finishes require them ) , I 've opted not to because I regard them as a 99.9 % safe maneuver – which is not as safe as it sounds .
A 99.9 % safe maneuver is one you can execute safely 999 times out of a thousand , but one time in a thousand it can kill you .
Even though they are clearly equivalent , one chance in a thousand of dying sounds a lot riskier than 99.9 % safe .
The perspective gets worse when it 's recognized that the fatality rate is one in a thousand per execution of the maneuver .
If a pilot does a 99.9 % safe maneuver 100 times , he stands roughly a 10 % chance of being killed .
Worse , the fear that he feels the first few times dissipates as he gains confidence in his skill .
But that confidence is really complacency , which pilots know is our worst enemy .
A similar situation exists with nuclear weapons .
Many people point to the absence of global war since the dawn of the nuclear era as proof that these weapons ensure peace .
The MX missile was even christened the Peacekeeper .
Just as the laws of physics are used to ensure that a pilot executing a low pass will gain enough altitude to make a safe landing , a law of nuclear deterrence is invoked to quiet any concern over possibly killing billions of innocent people : Since World War III would mean the end of civilization , no one would dare start it .
Each side is deterred from attacking the other by the prospect of certain destruction .
That 's why our current strategy is called nuclear deterrence or mutually assured destruction ( MAD ) .
But again , it 's important to read the fine print .
It is true that no one in his right mind would start a nuclear war , but when people are highly stressed they often behave irrationally and even seemingly rational decisions can lead to places that no one wants to visit .
Neither Kennedy nor Khrushchev wanted to teeter on the edge of the nuclear abyss during the 1962 Cuban Missile Crisis , but that is exactly what they did .
Less well known nuclear near misses occurred during the Berlin crisis of 1961 , the Yom Kippur War of 1973 and NATO 's Able Archer exercise of 1983 .
In each of those episodes , the law of unintended consequences combined with the danger of irrational decision making under stress created an extremely hazardous situation .
Because the last date for a nuclear near miss listed above was 1983 , it might be hoped that the end of the Cold War removed the nuclear sword hanging over humanity 's head .
Aside from the fact that other potential crises such as Taiwan were unaffected , a closer look shows that the Cold War , rather than ending , merely went into hibernation .
In the West , the reawakening of this specter is usually attributed to resurgent Russian nationalism , but as in most disagreements the other side sees things very differently .
The Russian perspective sees the United States behaving irresponsibly in recognizing Kosovo , in putting missiles ( albeit defensive ones ) in Eastern Europe , and in expanding NATO right up to the Russian border .
For our current purposes , the last of these concerns is the most relevant because it involves reading the fine print – in this case , Article 5 of the NATO charter which states that an attack on any NATO member shall be regarded as an attack on them all .
It is partly for that reason that a number of former Soviet republics and client states have been brought into NATO and that President Bush is pressing for Georgia and the Ukraine to be admitted .
Once these nations are in NATO , the thinking goes , Russia would not dare try to subjugate them again since that would invite nuclear devastation by the United States , which would be treaty bound to come to the victim 's aid .
But , just as the laws of physics depended on a model that was not always applicable during a glider 's low pass , the law of deterrence which seems to guarantee peace and stability is model - dependent .
In the simplified model , an attack by Russia would be unprovoked .
But what if Russia should feel provoked into an attack and a different perspective caused the West to see the attack as unprovoked ?
Just such a situation sparked the First World War .
The assassination of Austria 's Archduke Ferdinand by a Serbian nationalist led Austria to demand that it be allowed to enter Serbian territory to deal with terrorist organizations .
This demand was not unreasonable since interrogation of the captured assassins had shown complicity by the Serbian military and it was later determined that the head of Serbian military intelligence was a leader of the secret Black Hand terrorist society .
Serbia saw things differently and rejected the demand .
War between Austria and Serbia resulted , and alliance obligations similar to NATO 's Article 5 then produced a global conflict .
When this article was first written in May 2008 , little noticed coverage of a dispute between Russia and Georgia [ Champion 2008 ] reported that " Both sides warned they were coming close to war . "
As it is being revised , in August 2008 , the conflict has escalated to front page news of a low - intensity , undeclared war .
If President Bush is successful in his efforts to bring Georgia into NATO , and especially if the conflict should escalate further , we would face the unpleasant choice of reneging on our treaty obligations or threatening actions which risk the destruction of civilization .
A similar risk exists between Russia and Estonia , which is already a NATO member .
Returning temporarily to soaring , although I will not do low passes , I do not judge my fellow glider pilots who choose to do them .
Rather , I encourage them to be keenly aware of the risk .
The pilot in the photo has over 16,000 flight hours , has been doing low passes at air shows for over 30 years , will not do them in turbulent conditions , ensures that he has radio contact with a trusted spotter on the ground who is watching for traffic , and usually does them downwind so that he only has to do a " tear drop " turn to land .
The fact that such an experienced pilot exercises that much caution says something about the risk of the maneuver .
The danger is n't so much in doing low passes as in becoming complacent if we 've done them 100 times without incident .
In the same way , I am not arguing against admitting Georgia to NATO or suggesting that Estonia should be kicked out .
Rather , I encourage us to be keenly aware of the risk .
If we do that , there is a much greater chance that we will find ways to lessen the true sources of the risk , including patching the rapidly fraying fabric of Russian - American relations .
The danger is n't so much in admitting former Soviet republics into NATO as in becoming complacent with our ability to militarily deter Russia from taking actions we do not favor .
Section 2 : Substates
Part of society 's difficulty in envisioning the threat of nuclear war can be understood by considering Figure 2 below :
Figure 2 .
An overly simplified model
The circle on the left represents the current state of the world , while the one on the right represents the world after a full - scale nuclear war .
Because World War III is a state of no return , there is no path back to our current state .
Even though an arrow is shown to indicate the possibility of a transition from our current state to one of global war , that path seems impossible to most people .
How could we possibly transit from the current , relatively peaceful state of the world to World War III ?
The answer lies in recognizing that what is depicted as a single , current state of the world is much more complex .
Because that single state encompasses all conditions short of World War III , as depicted below , it is really composed of a number of substates – world situations short of World War III , with varying degrees of risk :
Figure 3 . A more accurate model
Society is partly correct in thinking that a transition from our current state to full - scale war is impossible because , most of the time , we occupy one of the substates far removed from World War III and which has little or no chance of transiting to that state of no return .
But it is possible to move from our current substate to one slightly closer to the brink , and then to another closer yet .
As described below , just such a sequence of steps led to the Cuban Missile Crisis and could lead to a modern day crisis of similar magnitude involving Estonia , Georgia , or other some other hot spot where we are ignoring the warning signs .
The Cuban Missile Crisis surprised President Kennedy , his advisors , and most Americans because we viewed events from an American perspective and thereby missed warning signs visible from the Russian perspective .
Fortunately , that view has been recorded by Fyodr Burlatsky , one of Khrushchev 's speechwriters and close advisors , as well as a man who was in the forefront of the Soviet reform movement .
While all perspectives are limited , Burlatsky 's deserves our attention as a valuable window into a world we need to better understand :
In my view the Berlin crisis [ of 1961 ] was an overture to the Cuban Missile Crisis and in a way prompted Khrushchev to deploy Soviet missiles in Cuba .
...
In his eyes [ America insisting on getting its way on certain issues ] was not only an example of Americans ' traditional strongarm policy , but also an underestimation of Soviet might .
... Khrushchev was infuriated by the Americans ' ... continuing to behave as if the Soviet Union was still trailing far behind .
...
They failed to realize that the Soviet Union had accumulated huge stocks [ of nuclear weapons ] for a devastating retaliatory strike and that the whole concept of American superiority had largely lost its meaning .
...
Khrushchev thought that some powerful demonstration of Soviet might was needed .
... Berlin was the first trial of strength , but it failed to produce the desired result , [ showing America that the Soviet Union was its equal ] .
[ Burlatsky 1991 , page 164 ]
[ In 1959 Fidel Castro came to power and the U.S. ] was hostile towards the Cuban revolutionaries ' victory from the very start .
...
At that time Castro was neither a Communist nor a Marxist .
It was the Americans themselves who pushed him in the direction of the Soviet Union .
He needed economic and political support and help with weapons , and he found all three in Moscow .
[ Burlatsky 1991 , page 169 ]
In April 1961 the Americans supported a raid by Cuban emigrees ...
The Bay of Pigs defeat strained anti-Cuban feelings in America to the limit .
Calls were made in Congress and in the press for a direct invasion of Cuba .
...
In August 1962 an agreement was signed [ with Moscow ] on arms deliveries to Cuba .
Cuba was preparing for self - defense in the event of a new invasion .
[ Burlatsky 1991 , page 170 ]
The idea of deploying the missiles came from Khrushchev himself .
... Khrushchev and [ Soviet Defense Minister ] R. Malinovsky ... were strolling along the Black Sea coast .
Malinovsky pointed out to sea and said that on the other shore in Turkey there was an American nuclear missile base [ which had been recently deployed ] .
In a matter of six or seven minutes missiles launched from that base could devastate major centres in the Ukraine and southern Russia .
... Khrushchev asked Malinovsky why the Soviet Union should not have the right to do the same as America .
Why , for example , should it not deploy missiles in Cuba ?
[ Burlatsky 1991 , page 171 ]
In spite of the similarity between the Cuban and Turkish missiles , Khrushchev realized that America would find this deployment unacceptable and therefore did so secretly , disguising the missiles and expecting to confront the U.S. with a fait accompli .
Once the missiles were operational , America could not attack them or Cuba without inviting a horrific nuclear retaliation .
( The Turkish missiles had a similar purpose from an American point of view . )
However , Khrushchev did not adequately envision what might happen if , as did occur , he was caught in the act .
With respect to the Cuban Missile Crisis , the substates of Figure 3 which brought us to the brink of nuclear war can now be identified as :
conflict between America and Castro's Cuba ;
Russia demanding to be treated as a military equal and being denied this status ;
the Berlin Crisis ;
the Bay of Pigs invasion ;
the American deployment of IRBM 's in Turkey ; and
Khrushchev's deployment of IRBM 's in Cuba
The actors involved in each step did not perceive their behavior as overly risky .
But compounded and viewed from their opponent 's perspective , those steps brought the world to the brink of disaster .
During the crisis , there were additional , fortunately unvisited substates that would have made World War III even more likely .
As just one example , the strong pressure noted by Burlatsky to correct the Bay of Pigs fiasco and remove Castro with a powerful American invasion force intensified after the Cuban missiles were discovered .
But those arguing in favor of invasion were ignorant of the fact – not learned in the West until many years later – that the Russians had battlefield nuclear weapons on Cuba and came close to authorizing their commander on the island to use them without further approval from Moscow in the event of an American invasion .
Section 3 : Risk Analysis
I have been concerned with averting nuclear war for over twenty - five years , but an extraordinary new approach only occurred to me last year : using quantitative risk analysis to estimate the probability of nuclear deterrence failing .
This approach is a bit like Superman disguised as mild - mannered Clark Kent but , before I can explain why it is extraordinary , we need to explore what it is and overcome a key mental block that helps explain why no one previously had thought of applying this valuable technique .
To understand this mental block , imagine someone gives us a trick coin , weighted so heads and tails are not equally likely , and we need to estimate the chance of its showing heads when tossed .
What do we learn if we toss the coin fifty times and it comes up tails every time ?
Statistical analysis says we can be moderately confident ( 95 % to be precise ) that the chance of heads is somewhere between zero and 6 % per toss , but that leaves way too much uncertainty .
Thinking of the fifty years that deterrence has worked without a failure as the fifty tosses of the the coin , we are moderately confident that the chance of nuclear war is somewhere between zero and 6 % per year .
But there is a big difference between one chance in a billion per year and 6 % per year , both of which are in that range .
At one chance in a billion per year , a few more years of business as usual would be an acceptable risk .
But 6 % corresponds to roughly one in 16 odds , in which case our current nuclear strategy would be the equivalent of playing nuclear roulette – a global version of Russian roulette – once each year with a 16 chambered revolver .
Just as the overly simplified two - state model of Figure 2 hides the danger of a nuclear war , the coin analogy hides the possibility of teasing much more information from the historical record – the two - sided coin corresponding to Figure 2's two states .
Breaking down one large state of Figure 2 into Figure 3's smaller substates illuminated the danger hidden in the two state model .
In the same way , risk analysis breaks down a catastrophic failure of nuclear deterrence into a sequence of smaller failures , many of which have occurred and whose probabilities can therefore be estimated .
Modern risk analysis techniques first came to prominence with concerns about the safety of nuclear reactors , and in particular with the 1975 Rasmussen Report produced for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission .
In Risk - Benefit Analysis , Wilson and Crouch note " [ The Rasmussen report ] used event tree analysis ...
This new approach originally had detractors , and indeed the failure ... to use it may have contributed to the occurrence of the Three Mile Island Accident .
If the event tree procedure ... had been applied to [ the reactor design used at Three Mile Island ] ... probably the Three Mile Island incident could have been averted . "
[ Wilson and Crouch 2001 , pp. 172-173 ]
An event tree starts with an initiating event that stresses the system .
For a nuclear reactor , an initiating event could be the failure of a cooling pump .
Unlike the catastrophic failure which has never occurred ( assuming we are analyzing a design different from Chernobyl's ) , such initiating events occur frequently enough that their rate of occurrence can be estimated directly .
The event tree then has several branches at which the initiating event can be contained with less than catastrophic consequences , for example by activating a backup cooling system .
But if a failure occurs at every one of the branches ( e.g. , all backup cooling systems fail ) , then the reactor fails catastrophically .
Probabilities are estimated for each branch in the event tree and the probability of a catastrophic failure is obtained as the product of the individual failure probabilities .
Applying risk analysis to the catastrophic failure of nuclear deterrence , a perceived threat by either side is an example of an initiating event .
If either side exercises adequate caution in its responses , such an initiating event can be contained and the crisis dies out .
But the event tree consisting of move and counter - move can fail catastrophically and result in World War III if neither side is willing to back down from the nuclear abyss , as almost happened with the 1962 Cuban crisis .
Each branch or partial failure corresponds to moving one or more substates toward disaster in Figure 3 .
Because nuclear deterrence has never completely failed , the probability assigned to the last branch in the event tree ( the final transition in Figure 3 ) will involve subjectivity and have more uncertainty .
Confidence in the final result can be increased by incorporating a number of expert opinions and using a range instead of a single number for that probability , as well as providing justifications for the different opinions .
The Cuban Missile Crisis provides a good example of how to estimate that final probability .
President Kennedy estimated the odds of the crisis going nuclear as " somewhere between one - in - three and even . "
His Secretary of Defense , Robert McNamara , wrote that he did n't expect to live out the week , supporting an estimate similar to Kennedy's .
At the other extreme McGeorge Bundy , who was one of Kennedy 's advisors during the crisis , estimated those odds at 1 % .
In a recently published preliminary risk analysis of nuclear deterrence [ Hellman 2008 ] I used a range of 10 % to 50 % .
I discounted Bundy's 1 % estimate because invading Cuba was a frequently considered option , yet no Americans were aware of the Russian battlefield nuclear weapons which would have been used with high probability in that event .
As an example of faulty reasoning due to this lack of information , Douglas Dillon , another member of Kennedy 's advisory group , wrote , " military operations looked like they were becoming increasingly necessary .
...
The pressure was getting too great .
...
Personally , I disliked the idea of an invasion [ of Cuba ] ...
Nevertheless , the stakes were so high that we thought we might just have to go ahead .
Not all of us had detailed information about what would have followed , but we did n't think there was any real risk of a nuclear exchange . "
[ Blight & Welch 1989 , page 72 ]
The sequence of steps previously listed as leading up to the Cuban Missile Crisis is an example of an event tree that nearly led to a catastrophic failure , and reexamining those steps in the light of similar current events will show that , contrary to public opinion which sees the threat of nuclear war as a ghost of the past , the danger is lurking in the shadows , waiting until once again it can surprise us by suddenly leaping into clear view as it did in 1962 :
Step # 1 : conflict between America and Castro's Cuba :
The current conflicts between Russia and a number of former Soviet client states are similar .
For example , as noted earlier , President Bush is pushing for Georgia to become a NATO member even though Russia and Georgia just fought an undeclared war over still unresolved issues
Step # 2 : Russia demanding to be treated as a military equal and being denied this status :
The same is true today .
Even though Russia has 15,000 nuclear weapons , America sees itself as the sole remaining superpower , leading even Mikhail Gorbachev to say recently , " there is just one thing that Russia will not accept ... the position of a kid brother , the position of a person who does what someone tells it to do . "
[ Tatsis 2008 ]
Repeated American statements that we defeated Russia in the Cold War add fuel to that fire since the Russians feel they were equal participants in ending that conflict .
Steps # 3 and # 4 : The Berlin Crisis and the Bay of Pigs invasion :
Several potential crises are brewing ( e.g. , Chechnya , Georgia , Estonia , and Venezuela ) which have similar potential .
Step # 5 : The American deployment of IRBM 's in Turkey :
A missile defense system we are planning for Eastern Europe bears an ominous similarity to those Turkish missiles .
While these new missiles are seen as defensive and a non-issue in America , the Russians see them as offensive and part of an American military encirclement .
In October 2007 , Putin warned , " Similar actions by the Soviet Union , when it put rockets in Cuba , precipitated the Cuban Missile Crisis . " [ Putin 2007 ]
Two months later Gorbachev questioned America 's stated goal of countering a possible Iranian missile threat , " What kind of Iran threat do you see ?
This is a system that is being created against Russia . " [ Gorbachev 2007 ]
Step # 6 : Khrushchev's deployment of the Cuban missiles :
While there is not yet a modern day analog of this step , serious warning tremors have occurred .
In July 2008 Izvestia , a Russian newspaper often used for strategic governmental leaks , reported that if we proceed with our Eastern European missile defense deployment then nuclear - armed Russian bombers could be based on Cuba [ Finn 2008 ] .
During Senate confirmation hearings as Air Force Chief of Staff , General Norton Schwartz countered that " we should stand strong and indicate that is something that crosses a threshold , crosses a red line . "
[ Morgan 2008 ]
While the Russian Foreign Ministry later dismissed Izvestia 's reports as false [ Rodriguez 2008 ] , there is a dangerous resemblance to events which led to the Cuban Missile Crisis .
The fact that we are not yet staring at the nuclear abyss is little cause for comfort .
In terms of the sequence of events that turn a 99.9 % safe maneuver into a fatal accident , we are already at a dangerous point in the process and , as in soaring , need to recognize complacency as our true enemy .
Section 4 : How Risky Are Nuclear Weapons ?
Even minor changes in our nuclear weapons posture have been rejected as too risky even though the baseline risk of our current strategy had never been estimated .
Soon after recognizing this gaping hole in our knowledge , I did a preliminary risk analysis [ Hellman 2008 ] which indicates that relying on nuclear weapons for our security is thousands of times more dangerous than having a nuclear power plant built next to your home .
Equivalently , imagine two nuclear power plants being built on each side of your home .
That 's all we can fit next to you , so now imagine a ring of four plants built around the first two , then another larger ring around that , and another and another until there are thousands of nuclear reactors surrounding you .
That is the level of risk that my preliminary analysis indicates each of us faces from a failure of nuclear deterrence .
While the analysis that led to that conclusion involves more math than is appropriate here , an intuitive approach conveys the main idea .
In science and engineering , when trying to estimate quantities which are not well known , we often use " order of magnitude " estimates .
We only estimate the quantity to the nearest power of ten , for example 100 or 1,000 , without worrying about more precise values such as 200 , which would be rounded to 100 .
In this intuitive approach I first ask people whether they think the world could survive 1,000 years that were similar to 20 repetitions of the last 50 years .
Do they think we could survive 20 Cuban Missile Crises plus all the other nuclear near misses we have experienced ?
When asked that question , most people do not believe we could survive 1,000 such years .
I then ask if they think we can survive another 10 years of business as usual , and most say we probably can .
There 's no guarantee , but we 've made it through 50 years , so the odds are good that we can make it through 10 more .
In the order of magnitude approach , we have now bounded the time horizon for a failure of nuclear deterrence as being greater than 10 years and less than 1,000 .
That leaves 100 years as the only power of ten in between .
Most people thus estimate that we can survive on the order of 100 years , which implies a failure rate of roughly 1 % per year .
On an annual basis , that makes relying on nuclear weapons a 99 % safe maneuver .
As with 99.9 % safe maneuvers in soaring , that is not as safe as it sounds and is no cause for complacency .
If we continue to rely on a strategy with a one percent failure rate per year , that adds up to about 10 % in a decade and almost certain destruction within my grandchildren 's lifetimes .
Because the estimate was only accurate to an order of magnitude , the actual risk could be as much as three times greater or smaller .
But even ⅓ % per year adds up to roughly a 25 % fatality rate for a child born today , and 3 % per year would , with high probability , consign that child to an early , nuclear death .
Given the catastrophic consequences of a failure of nuclear deterrence , the usual standards for industrial safety would require the time horizon for a failure to be well over a million years before the risk might be acceptable .
Even a 100,000 year time horizon would entail as much risk as a skydiving jump every year , but with the whole world in the parachute harness .
And a 100 year time horizon is equivalent to making three parachute jumps a day , every day , with the whole world at risk .
While my preliminary analysis and the above described intuitive approach provide significant evidence that business as usual entails far too much risk , in - depth risk analyses are needed to correct or confirm those indications .
A statement endorsed by the following notable individuals :
Prof. Kenneth Arrow , Stanford University , 1972 Nobel Laureate in Economics
Mr. D. James Bidzos , Chairman of the Board and Interim CEO , VeriSign Inc .
Dr. Richard Garwin , IBM Fellow Emeritus , former member President 's Science Advisory Committee and Defense Science Board
Adm. Bobby R. Inman , USN ( Ret. ) , University of Texas at Austin , former Director National Security Agency and Deputy Director CIA
Prof. William Kays , former Dean of Engineering , Stanford University
Prof. Donald Kennedy , President Emeritus of Stanford University , former head of FDA
Prof. Martin Perl , Stanford University , 1995 Nobel Laureate in Physics
therefore " urgently petitions the international scientific community to undertake in - depth risk analyses of nuclear deterrence and , if the results so indicate , to raise an alarm alerting society to the unacceptable risk it faces as well as initiating a second phase effort to identify potential solutions . "
[ Hellman 2008 ]
This second phase effort will be aided by the initial studies because , in addition to estimating the risk of a failure of nuclear deterrence , they will identify the most likely trigger mechanisms , thereby allowing attention to be directed where it is most needed .
For example , if as seems likely , a nuclear terrorist incident is found to be a likely trigger mechanism for a full - scale nuclear war , then much needed attention would be directed to averting that smaller , but still catastrophic event .
While definitive statements about the risk we face must await the results of the proposed in - depth studies , for ease of exposition the remainder of this article assumes the conclusion reached by my preliminary study – that the risk is far too great and urgently needs to be reduced .
Section 5 : The Positive Possibility
In the mid 1970 's Whit Diffie , Ralph Merkle and I invented public key cryptography , a technology that now secures the Internet and has won the three of us many honors .
Yet , when we first conceived the idea many experts told us that we could not succeed .
Their skepticism was understandable because a public key flew in the face of the accumulated wisdom of hundreds of years of cryptographic knowledge :
How could the key be public if its secrecy was all that kept an opponent from reading my mail ?
What was missed is that " the key " might become " two keys , " a public key for enciphering and a secret key for deciphering .
Everyone could encipher messages using my public key , but only I could understand them by deciphering with my secret key .
Just as many cryptographic experts thought we could n't split the key and used arguments based on years of accumulated wisdom that were not applicable to the new possibility , most people have difficulty envisioning a world in which the nuclear threat is a relic of the past .
While there is no guarantee that a similar breakthrough exists for ending the threat posed by nuclear weapons , this section provides evidence that our chances for survival are greater than we think .
First Figure 3 must be modified by adding a third state in which the risk of nuclear catastrophe has been reduced thousands of times from its present level , so that it is at an acceptable level .
Figure 4 .
Adding hope to the model
For the risk to truly be acceptable , this new state also must be a state of no return – its risk would not be acceptable if the world could transition back to our current state with its unacceptable risk .
In this new figure , our current substate is near the middle of the current state of the world .
We are not close to World War III , but neither are we close to an acceptable level of risk .
Much as people had difficulty envisioning public key cryptography before we developed a workable system , they also have difficulty envisioning a world that is far better than what they have experienced in the past .
The evolution of the movement to abolish slavery in the United States provides a good illustration of that difficulty .
In 1787 slavery was written into our Constitution .
In 1835 a Boston mob attacked the abolitionist William Lloyd Garrison and dragged him half naked through the streets .
In Illinois in 1837 a mob killed another abolitionist , Elijah Lovejoy .
The next year , a Philadelphia mob burned the building where an antislavery convention was held [ Goldsmith 1998 , pages 11 , 29 ] .
In that environment or substate , few people could envision the end of slavery within thirty years , much less that citizens of Massachusetts , Illinois and Pennsylvania would give their lives to help bring about that noble goal .
Figure 5 . Substates leading to a positive end state
While it was almost impossible to envision in 1787 – or even in the 1830's – we now know that , as depicted in Figure 5 above , there was a sequence of substates that led to a new state in which slavery not only was abolished , but had no possibility of returning .
The anti-abolitionist riots of the 1830's – probably seen by most at that time as evidence of the insurmountable barriers to ending slavery – were actually a sign that a new substate had been reached and change was beginning to occur .
There were no such riots in 1787 because the abolitionist movement was almost non-existent .
By the 1830 's abolition was beginning to be seen as a serious threat to the supporters of slavery , resulting in the riots .
History shows that people have tremendous difficulty envisioning both negative and positive possibilities that are vastly different from their current experience .
Therefore , even if I had a crystal ball and could predict the sequence of substates ( steps ) that will take us to the state of acceptable risk depicted in Figure 4 , very few would believe me .
As an example of the difficulty imagine the reaction if someone , prior to Gorbachev 's coming to power , had predicted that a leader of the Soviet Union would lift censorship , encourage free debate , and not use military force to prevent republics from seceding from the union .
At best , such a seer would have been seen as extremely naive .
I had a milder version of that problem in September 1984 when I started a project designed to foster a meaningful dialog between the American and Soviet scientific communities in an attempt to defuse the threat of nuclear war , which was then in sharp focus .
I was aware of the limitations that Soviet censorship imposed , but believed there still was some opportunity for information flow , primarily unidirectional .
It had been eight years since my last trip to the Soviet Union and this visit was an eye - opening experience .
While I did not know it at the time , I was meeting with people who were in the forefront of the nascent reform movement which would bring Gorbachev to power six months later , with some of them directly advising him .
Censorship was still the law of the land , so the scientists with whom I met could not agree with those of my views that contradicted the party line .
But neither did they argue .
I sensed something very different was brewing , but on returning to the U.S. I was often seen as extremely naive for believing that meaningful conversations were possible with persons of any standing within the Soviet system .
The steps leading to a truly safe world in Figure 4 would sound similarly naive to most people today .
It is therefore counterproductive to lay out too explicit a road map to that goal .
But how can one garner support without an explicit plan for reaching the goal ?
Until I realized the applicability of risk analysis , I did n't see how that could be accomplished , but risk analysis provides an implicit , rather than an explicit map .
No single step can reduce the risk a thousand - fold , so if the risk analysis approach can be embedded in society 's consciousness , then one step after another will have to be taken until a state with acceptable risk is reached .
Later steps , which today would be rejected as impossible ( which they probably currently are ) need not be spelled out , but are latent , waiting to be discovered as part of that process .
The first critical step therefore is for society to recognize the risk inherent in nuclear deterrence .
If you agree , please share this article – or whatever approach you favor – with others .
Email is particularly effective since friends who agree can then relay your message to others .
This article , a sample email , and other tools can be found on the resource page at NuclearRisk.org .
" Just talking " might not seem to accomplish much , but as graphically depicted in Figure 4 and as noted by the ancient Chinese sage Lao Tzu , " The journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step . "
If you have not already done so , I hope you will take the first step .
Jennifer Aniston HOT Vogue Cover : Calls Angelina Jolie " Uncool " ( Photos )
looks awesome on the cover of Vogue magazine 's December issue .
The gorgeous celebrity shared a few juicy tidbits in an interview , including a slam against
It seems Aniston was not amused by Jolie 's decision to share details of her early relationship with Brad Pitt .
According to Aniston , it was n't necessary for Angelina to share details that occurred on the set of Mr & Mrs Smith before Jen and Brad split .
Aniston said , " That stuff about how she could n't wait to get to work every day ?
That was really uncool . "
The issue will hit newsstands on November 19 .
Love of snow and high altitude places go hand in hand , more for a Skier .
Planning for taking an off from the work schedule , better would start looking for the love of your sport where you can also give away your feelings to your beloved and kids if you have .
Make such luxury skiing holidays into an opportunity for them to try their hands in the ski and see if they acquire a taste for it .
Then , you can plan one vacation in a ski land always ( whenever you choose to do so ) , even when someone in your family does n’t approve .
Find a reason to enjoy life and that too again and again .
In the Legendry Aspen - St. Regis Aspen Resort
When you want a quick getaway in a land where unlimited chances of getting into ski mode , this is St. Regis Aspen Resort you should move to for a change .
The town has a reputation for the sports that are envious in more than one way for the town with somewhat similar offerings .
Located in the Pitkin County of Colorado , the town becomes well known because of being converted into Ski heaven due to Aspen Mountains , in mid of the 20th century .
Luxury Adventure holidays , especially with the Ski , have grown in size .
The resort in itself is an explanation of the ski influence .
When not skiing , just relax in a spa !
Europe and you amidst whites of snow – The Lodge Verbier
A Ski town in Switzerland and again legendry of its beauty and experience , the Alps welcome you for an enchanting adventurous experience .
Decorated according to the tastes of Sir Richard Branson , you can be sure that there would be nothing that falls short of perfection .
Nine Bedrooms and suits are preferred places once you are here and not skiing because they are so cosy that you would n’t want to leave them .
Kids can have their fun having no need for you in the bunk room suitable for as many as 6 kids .
It has Plasma Screen TV , Gaming Consoles , and things that a kid would find amazingly amusing !
For the exclusive hideaway in Australasia– Matakauri Lodge
Queenstown of New Zealand can never be more fun than in winters , tailor - made for a perfect luxury ski holiday .
The lodge is an additional speciality of the place for the people interested in unique spaces for ski vacations .
They are better off staying the eleven suites of the lodge .
Feel the seclusion and intimacy as you wish .
You can focus on cuisines , wines , golf , spa and many other ways to splurge .
Lake Wakatipu , The Cecil Peak , Walter Peak and many such popular landscapes have contributed to the popularity of the place .
Enjoy all of them and more from the lodge for a perfect ski off !
unetbootin allows you to install Linux distros to USB drive or an hard disk partition .
These are the following distros supported by unetbootin .
Ubuntu
Fedora
Debian
Linux Mint
openSUSE
Arch Linux
Damn Small Linux
Puppy Linux
FreeBSD
NetBSD
PCLinuxOS
Gentoo
CentOS
Mandriva
etc ...
These are the tools supported by unetbootin .
Partition Magic
Super Grub Disk
Backtrack
FreeDOS
etc ...
Download unetbootin .
Funny , Comedy , Movies , Videos , Photos and much more ...
Hospitals are supposed to be havens for healing , but the numbers tell a different story .
Too many people are infected by illnesses they acquire after they 've been admitted , and hospital - related infections continue to be the number - two killer of hospitalized Americans after heart disease .
Now , a radical new high - tech software program developed by Tel Aviv University researchers to fight these infections is now catching on faster than the flu .
Prof. Yehuda Carmeli from the Sackler Faculty of Medicine at Tel Aviv University has developed a security system for preventing hospital epidemics .
Integrating basic sanitary procedures , his system uses the tools of high - tech communication –– email alerts , SMS's , and online communication –– to alert hospital staff of potential threats .
Two years ago Prof.
Carmeli's team adopted this system in their own institutions , and the work paid off .
" We stopped forty - five percent of the primary hospital - borne organisms that attack patients from spreading , " says Prof. Carmeli .
His most recent paper on the topic appeared in Antimicrobial Agents and Chemotherapy this year .
Good Medical News Travels Fast
Top medical centers in America are now asking for his help .
Prof. Carmeli was recently invited to top U.S. medical centers , including Cedars - Sinai Hospital in Los Angeles , and to the medical schools at Ohio State University and Philadelphia 's Temple University , to demonstrate the new high - tech line of defense against infection .
The first step to fighting hospital epidemics , Prof. Carmeli says , is the identification of potentially contagious patients .
" What we have done is built a computerized system that collects information from microbial lab cultures and sends real - time alerts and reminders to the wards every day .
The system also allows nurses and doctors to send feedback so infections are closely monitored , with special patients being handled very differently from the others , " he explains .
Prof. Carmeli suggests that medical practitioners must also be reminded to use simple measures they already know .
Improved hand washing and hygiene techniques , an obvious first line of defense against infection , are not practiced as much as they should be .
He advises nurses to keep an alcohol - based cream solution next to each patient 's bed for ease of use .
In some cases , visitors and nurses should wear masks and gloves when handling or visiting a patient .
Preventing the Preventable
" When a patient comes to the hospital for treatment , the natural barriers that protect them against infection are bypassed , " says Prof.
Carmeli , who is also a physician at the Tel - Aviv Sourasky Medical Center .
" Intubations , IV lines , catheters and other common hospital procedures expose a patient 's most delicate tissues to the world .
If a patient is taking immunosuppressants , steroids , or antibiotics , this can be a dangerous cocktail , and infections are just waiting to attack . "
" A large proportion of these infections are preventable , " he says .
In the research setting , Prof. Carmeli investigates the biological processes of how anti-microbial resistant organisms are spread .
His team investigates a number of systems in the hopes of creating super - drugs that could one day make hospital - borne infections a thing of the past .
Source : American Friends of Tel Aviv University
Professor Yehuda Carmeli , Tel Aviv University
( Photo Credit : AFTAU )
News
You ’ve asked for it and now Unclaimed Baggage online shopping is here !
Experience the thrill of the hunt from the comfort of your own home .
Shop Now
News
We are glad to be open !
Our current hours are Wednesday - Friday , 10 - 6 and Saturday 10 - 7 .
To read more about what we 're doing to keep you safe while you shop , read more .
Read More
Giving Giving , serving and supporting sustainability have been part of our company ’s DNA from the beginning .
Our Reclaimed for Good foundation focuses on three key areas of purposeful investment : Product , Programs , and People .
Read More
Click to share on Twitter ( Opens in new window )
Click to share on Facebook ( Opens in new window )
Martha ‘ Sunny ’ Von Bulow , the heiress portrayed in the film Reversal of Fortune , died on Saturday at the age of 76 .
Sunny spent the last 28 years in a vegetative state after enduring what prosecutors claimed were two murder attempts by her husband , Claus von Bulow .
He had been charged with poisoning her with an insulin overdose .
Though convicted of attempted murder , the decision was overturned on appeal .
The character was portrayed by Glenn Close in the film .
Her husband was played by Jeremy Irons .
But there ’s another TV / movie connection .
At the time , Claus was dating Alexandra Moltke , who portrayed Victoria Winters in the original Dark Shadows afternoon soap opera .
The actress was a witness in the von Bulow trial .
I ’m reproducing the bulk of a very good ( and possibly final ) post by London Banker , a former central banker and securities regulator , that takes issue with some of the conventional wisdom surrounding the efforts to remedy our economic crisis via liberal applications of monetary easing and fiscal stimulus .
I happen in general to be sympathetic to minority views ( conventional wisdom is generally wrong ) .
And in this case , as I discuss below , I am worried that conventional wisdom rests on a thin and dubious set of data and assumptions .
London Banker ’s arguments are two - fold : first , deflation is more likely than inflation because the underlying messes have not been cleaned up .
Therefore investors will be leery of putting funds into risky investments .
Note this differs from the commonly - held view that deflation can be cured without addressing institutional arrangements .
Second , he argues that punitively low yields will lead foreign investors eventually to retreat even from government debt .
He argues that they will tire at throwing good money after bad , and will prefer to seek returns closer to home .
This claim is hard to prove ( one can argue that the high risk spreads are due to deleveraging , not distrust ) but it is a serious issue if true .
One of the things that worked for years in favor of the US is that it had the most liquid , deepest capital markets ,
That was due not just to the size of its economy , but also the fact that it had high standards for financial disclosure and generally strong investor protection .
If investors come to doubt the fairness of the markets , or think that the rot in its economy is not being cleared out and will undermine growth , that will hold investment back .
As Brad Setser has pointed out , foreign capital flows have consisted almost entirely of central bank purchases of Treasuries and Agencies for quite some time , hardly a vote of confidence .
We also have the question of how long the high dollar / low Treasury interest game can go on .
Bernanke wants rates low to try to stimulate economic activity and has even broached the idea of long bond purchases to keep yields on the long end of the curve down .
But the poster child of deflation and low interest rates is Japan , which due to its high savings rate , was not dependent on external funding .
The US should want the dollar cheaper to boost exports , but that risks the ire of our creditors , who would take big losses on their FX reserves ( many economists argue this idea is specious , but try explaining the loss in paper wealth to a populace not schooled in such niceties .
FX losses , when the dollar was weakening earlier in the year , produced a lot of ire in China , including among bureaucrats ) .
Similarly , even if you subscribe to the deflation outlook , 3 % ish 30 year bonds is a pretty risky bet independent of the currency risk .
So it looks like our friendly funding sources are likely to get burned one way or another , perhaps both .
There is a real risk of a disorderly fall of the dollar , and it is hard to tell what the collateral damage would be .
Now to my doubts about the proposed remedies , namely monster stimulus and monetary easing .
First , as mentioned before , the analogy is to the US in the Depression , which we have said repeatedly before is questionable .
The US in the 1920s was the world ’s biggest creditor , exporter , and manufacturer .
Our position then is analogous to China ’s now .
Indeed , Keynes in the 1930s urged America to take even more aggressive measures , and argued that it was not reasonable for the US to expect over - consuming , debt - burdened countries like the UK and France to take up the demand slack .
So even though most economists are invoking Keynes , it is n’t clear he ’s prescribe such aggressive stimulus for the US and UK now .
Second , the argument is that the US in the 1930s and Japan in its post bubble era failed to engage in sufficiently large stimulus .
That is mere conjecture ; there is no way to prove that argument ( we can not go back in a time machine and test different remedies in both economies ) .
In the US , the claim generally made is that the US did not emerge conclusively from the Depression until it engaged in massive wartime spending starting in 1939 - 40 , and therefore a stimulus of perhaps that large a magnitude is required .
However , quite a lot happened between 1930 and 1939 , including going off the gold standard , the securities law reforms of 1933 and 1934 , the creation of the FDIC , refinancing homeowner debt to longer - term mortgages via the Homeowner ’s Loan Corporation , and the closure of a lot of business , some of which were probably victims of circumstance , but others probably deserved to be put out of their misery .
There is another huge extenuating circumstance with the war spending that observers choose to forget .
The US ’s problem in 1929 , like China ’s appeared to be ( at least in part ) overproduction , that there might be too much global capacity relative to consumer demand ( that is certainly true for the auto industry now , which had managed to forestall the day of reckoning by converting consumers to leases that had them trading in cars after 3 years , when buyers generally keep them longer , Decreasing the effective life of cars was tantamount to increasing demand ) .
In addition , the US suffered a fall in GDP of 11 % in 1946 and 1 % in 1947 in transitioning off a wartime economy .
But perhaps more important , at the end of WWII , productive capacity in the next two biggest industrialized nations , Germany and Japan , had been destroyed .
The US had effectively no competition for its bulked up industrial capacity .
Had the US in 1930 tried monster stimulus , without the painful adjustments of the 1930s , would it have worked ?
Probably narrowly , in keeping unemployment from rising to horrific levels and containing the fall in GDP .
But I question whether it would have been a panacea .
The New Deal , contrary to popular opinion , did produce a lot of good results with its workfare , such as the building of parks and roads , the electrification of rural America .
if the US had attempted something at twice that scale , would it have been productive ?
Some argue that it did n’t matter , the important thing is to get money into the economy , but I wonder .
Japan did engage in pretty heavy infrastructure spending ( a lot of bridges to nowhere ) and it does not seem to have done them much good .
Note my sophisticated investor buddies disagree , saying this is backwards looking , confident that a US budget deficit of 10 % of GDP next year will do the trick , and think inflation / hyperinflation is the bigger risk ( note some consider hyperinflation to be operative at 20 % per annum ; you do not need to get to Weimar scenarios for inflation to start distorting economic decisions in a very serious way ) .
From London Banker :
For a while now I have been on the fence on the inflation / deflation issue ….
I ’m now coming down on the side of deflation for a very simple reason : there is no longer any incentive to save or invest , and so debt and investment cannot increase much beyond current bloated levels .
In Lombard Street , Bagehot ’s seminal tome on fractional reserve central banking , Bagehot advises any central bank facing a simultaneous credit crisis and currency crisis to raise interest rates .
By raising rates they will ensure that foreign creditors remain incentivised to maintain the general level of credit available while the central bank resolves the local liquidity crisis through liquidation of failed banks and temporary liquidity support of stressed banks .
Yves here .
For the UK , the currency crisis issue is a real concern .
Recall that the pound has taken a huge dive in recent months , and Willem Buiter has taken to comparing Britain to Iceland .
Back to the post :
Authored by Keith McHenry , Food Not Bombs Founder .
Ramsey County Charges Nonviolent Food Not Bombs volunteers Under State
Patriot Act , Alleges Acts of Terrorism
In what appears to be the first use of criminal charges under the 2002
Minnesota version of the Federal Patriot Act , Ramsey County Prosecutors
have formally charged 8 alleged leaders of the RNC Welcoming Committee
with Conspiracy to Riot in Furtherance of Terrorism .
Monica Bicking ,
Eryn Trimmer , Luce Guillen Givins , Erik Oseland , Nathanael Secor ,
Robert Czernik , Garrett Fitzgerald , and Max Spector , face up to 7 1/ 2
years in prison under the terrorism enhancement charge which allows for
a 50 % increase in the maximum penalty .
Affidavits released by law enforcement which were filed in support of
the search warrants used in raids over the weekend , and used to support
probable cause for the arrest warrants , are based on paid , confidential
informants who infiltrated the RNCWC on behalf of law enforcement .
They
allege that members of the group sought to kidnap delegates to the RNC ,
assault police officers with firebombs and explosives , and sabotage
airports in St. Paul .
Evidence released to date does not corroborate
these allegations with physical evidence or provide any other evidence
for these allegations than the claims of the informants .
It 's been a tough week for the Palin family .
You 'll remember last Friday , Governor Palin 's church was heavily damaged due to a blaze that appears to have been intentionally set .
Now there 's news today that daughter Bristol 's future mother - in - law , Sherry Johnston , has been arrested on six felony drug counts .
Levi's Mom
Ms. Johnston , the mother of Levi Johnston , who was launched into the spotlight at the Republican National Convention last September , was arrested yesterday afternoon " at the conclusion of an undercover narcotics investigation , " according to an Alaska State Trooper report .
Johnston has since been released on a $ 5,000 unsecured bond .
No comment
Governor Palin 's reaction ?
She 's not discussing it , yet .
" This is not a state government matter , " Palin spokesman Bill McAllister told the Anchorage Daily News .
" Therefore the governor 's communications staff will not be providing comment or scheduling interview opportunities . "
No news yet on what types of drugs are involved or the amount as that could jeopardize the investigation according to the newspaper .
Some good news
It 's not all bad news for the two families , however .
Bristol and boyfriend Levi's baby is due tomorrow .
Great - grandfather - to - be Chuck Health ( Sarah 's dad ) told Grandparents.com that the two will have a boy .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
On the day that President - elect Barack Obama visited the White House , a new national poll illustrates the daunting challenges he faces when it becomes his home next year .
President - elect Barack Obama walks along the White House Colonnade with President Bush on Monday .
Only 16 percent of those questioned in a new CNN / Opinion Research Corporation survey released Monday say things are going well in the country today .
That 's an all - time low .
Eighty - three percent say things are going badly , which is an all - time high .
" The challenge Obama faces has never been greater .
No president has ever come to office during a time when the public 's mood has been this low .
In the 34 years that this question has been asked , the number who say things are going well has never fallen below 20 percent , " said Keating Holland , CNN 's polling director .
The 83 percent saying things are going badly is " more than in 1992 , when the first President Bush was ousted because of ' the economy , stupid . '
That 's more than in 1980 , when President Carter got fired after the malaise crisis .
That 's more than in 1975 , after Watergate and the Nixon pardon , " said Bill Schneider , CNN senior political analyst .
So far , Obama seems to be meeting the public 's high expectations .
Two - thirds of all Americans have a positive view of what he has done since he was elected president , and three - quarters think he will do a good job as president .
Watch Obama 's ambitious agenda »
" Obama has the support of virtually every African - American in the poll , but he also gets high marks from a solid majority of whites , " Holland said .
But that optimism does n't hide what appears to be concern about the economy .
Six in 10 say that they do n't have a clear idea of what Obama would do to improve the economy .
Watch Bush welcome Obama at the White House »
The all - time low on the public 's mood may have something to do with the poll 's finding that President Bush is the most unpopular president since approval ratings were first sought more than six decades ago .
Seventy - six percent of those questioned in the poll disapprove of how he is handling his job .
That 's an all - time high in CNN polling and in Gallup polling dating back to World War II .
" No other president 's disapproval rating has gone higher than 70 percent .
Bush has managed to do that three times so far this year , " Holland said .
" That means that Bush is now more unpopular than Richard Nixon was when he resigned from office during Watergate with a 66 percent disapproval rating . "
Before Bush , the record holder for presidential disapproval was Harry Truman , with a 67 percent disapproval rating in January of 1952 , his last full year in office .
As Obama visits the White House to start the transition from the Bush administration to an Obama administration , 57 percent of those questioned think the transfer of power will be relatively easy and free from tension , with 39 percent saying the transition will be difficult .
Watch what Bush and Obama may talk about »
" A majority say that the transition from Bush to Obama will go smoothly , although nearly one in four predict a lot of tension between Bush aides and Obama aides in the next few weeks .
That sentiment is highest among Democrats , but even among them , a majority believes that the transition will be relatively easy , " Holland said .
The CNN / Opinion Research Corporation poll was conducted Thursday through Sunday with 1,246 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .
All About George W. Bush • Barack Obama
The Golden Arches : the ultimate American icon .
Super Size
Me taught us that fast food culture brings obesity , heart disease , hypertension and more .
How bad do you really want that Big Mac ?
Here are 15 reasons you ’ll never let anyone you love get near those Golden Arches .
Real food is perishable .
With time , it begins to decay .
It ’s a natural process , it just happens .
Beef will rot , bread will mold .
But what about a McDonald ’s burger ?
Karen Hanrahan saved a McDonald ’s burger from 1996 and , oddly enough , it looks just as “ appetizing ” and “ fresh ” as a burger you might buy today .
Is this real food ?
You would have to walk 7 hours straight to burn off a Super Sized Coke , fries and Big Mac .
Even indulging in fast food as an occasional treat is a recipe for weight gain … unless you ’re planning to hit each treadmill in the treadmill bay afterwards .
Containing less fat , salt and sugar , your pet ’s food may be healthier than what they serve at McDonald’s .
In 2007 , the employees of an Orlando - area McDonald ’s were caught on camera pouring milk into the milkshake machine out of a bucket labeled “ Soiled Towels Only . ”
That particular restaurant had already been cited for 12 different sanitary violations .
Though McDonald ’s proudly stands by its safety standards , and not every restaurant has such notorious incidents , the setting of a fast food restaurant staffed with low - paid employees at a high turnover rate arguably encourages bending the rules .
( McDonald ’s is n’t alone in this , of course – Burger King is actually ranked as the dirtiest of all the fast food chains . )
McDonald ’s supports the destruction of the Amazon rainforest .
Much of the soy - based animal feed used to fatten fast - food chickens is grown in the Amazon .
Are those chicken nuggets really worth acres of irreplaceable trees ?
( Especially considering how important carbon sinks like the rainforest are to halt global warming ! )
Fast food supports a completely unsustainable system of agriculture .
It ’s cruel to animals , unhealthy for humans , and bad for the planet .
Even Prince Charles , while touring a diabetes center in the United Arab Emirates , commented that banning McDonald ’s is key to health and nutrition .
Do n’t let the salads and chicken breasts fool you .
The “ chicken ” at McDonald ’s , by the way , comes with a whole lot more than chicken .
As if feeding children high - fat , high - sodium , low - nutrition “ food ” were n’t bad enough , some Happy Meals in 2006 contained toy Hummers .
It ’s as if McDonald ’s was encouraging a whole generation of kids not only to guzzle food , but to guzzle gas as well .
Would you like a few barrels of petroleum with that ?
The processed fat in McDonald ’s food ( and other fast food ) promotes endothelial dysfunction for up to 5 hours after eating the meal .
Endothelial tissue is what lines the inside of blood vessels .
For those who enjoy sex , take note : erectile dysfunction is connected to endothelial dysfunction .
Morgan Spurlock of Super Size
Me commented that his normally healthy sexual function deteriorated in just one month when he ate only food from McDonald’s .
Even his girlfriend commented on camera that “ he ’s having a hard time , you know , getting it up . ”
How many cows does it take to keep the world loaded with Big Macs ?
I had to do a some research and a little math , but according to a brief video inside one of McDonald ’s 6 meat processing plants , about 500,000 pounds of beef is processed per day , per plant .
If an average beef cow weighs 1,150 pounds , that means 2609 cows a day are turned into burgers .
That ’s 952,285 cows per year .
And that ’s just in the United States .
Eating a hamburger may not be worse than driving a Hummer , but it ’s bad .
One hamburger patty does not necessarily come from one cow .
Think about that .
You ’re eating bits of hundreds of cows .
Maybe you just pop in for an inexpensive latte .
Watch out for the caramel syrup ( Sugar , water , fructose , natural ( plant source ) and artificial flavor , salt , caramel color ( with sulfites ) , potassium sorbate ( preservative ) , citric acid , malic acid ) or the chocolate drizzle ( Corn syrup , water , hydrogenated coconut oil , high fructose corn syrup , glycerin , nonfat milk , cocoa , cocoa ( processed with alkali ) , food starch - modified , disodium phosphate , potassium sorbate ( preservative ) , xanthan gum , artificial flavor ( vanillin ) , salt , soy lecithin ) .
Please do n’t put that stuff into your body .
Eat healthy cheap food instead – you can be well and still save cash .
Are you a vegetarian with a French fry craving ?
You better skip McDonald ’s because their fries actually contain milk ( and wheat ) and though they ’re fried in vegetable oil , the oil is flavored with beef extract .
( McDonald ’s famously misled customers for years . )
Do you want high blood pressure ?
Hit the drive - through .
Eating a McDonald ’s chicken sandwich ( any of “ Ëœem , take your pick ) will give you about 2/3 of the recommended daily amount of sodium .
And if you actually do have high blood pressure , that ’s way more than you really need .
Finally unveiled : the secret of the Big Mac ’s “ secret sauce . ”
Soybean oil , pickle relish [ diced pickles , high fructose corn syrup , sugar , vinegar , corn syrup , salt , calcium chloride , xanthan gum , potassium sorbate ( preservative ) , spice extractives , polysorbate 80 ] , distilled vinegar , water , egg yolks , high fructose corn syrup , onion powder , mustard seed , salt , spices , propylene glycol alginate , sodium benzoate ( preservative ) , mustard bran , sugar , garlic powder , vegetable protein ( hydrolyzed corn , soy and wheat ) , caramel color , extractives of paprika , soy lecithin , turmeric ( color ) , calcium disodium EDTA ( protect flavor ) .
Cheap oil and cheap syrup .
Many people depend upon cheap food such as the sort offered at McDonald’s .
So should n’t we be examining regulations that subsidize corn syrup but consider fruits and vegetables – the building blocks of a healthy body and green planet – to be “ speciality ” crops ?
Should n’t we be promoting urban gardening , community gardens and spreading information about low - cost farmers ’ markets and CSAs ?
And focusing on the abundant choices of cheap food that are tasty and green ?
Still not convinced ?
Maybe this 1970s trip through McDonaldland will give you enough nightmares to keep your loved ones away forever .
Top Image
Note : with the exception of the top image , the hamburger , the chicken sandwich , and Ronald McDonald , images are not actual photographs of McDonald ’s property / products .
ALSO CHECK OUT
9 Reasons to Avoid Starbucks
Why You Should Never Buy from a Pet Store
6 Reasons the French Are n’t Fat
Quick Overview of Ruby Threads
Ruby 1.8.7 ( MRI ) implements threads completely in userland ( also called “ green threads ” for short ) even if built with pthreads .
This means that underlying OS kernel has no knowledge about any threads created in ruby programs .
In the view of the kernel , it only sees a process with one thread .
This one thread is the ruby interpreter which has its own scheduler and threading implementation built - in .
What this means for the Ruby developer is that any thread which does I/O will cause the entire ruby process ( the ruby interpretter and all ruby green threads ) to block .
Implementing threads in userland has some interesting design questions , one of which is :
How does the interpretter start and stop executing ruby threads ?
One way to implement this is to create a timer which interrupts the interpretter at some interval .
Ruby ( depending on your platform and build options ) creates either :
An interval timer with setitimer , which delivers a SIGVTALRM signal to the process at the specified interval , or A real native OS thread ( via pthreads ) which sleeps for the length of the interval
In either case , a flag called rb_thread_pending is set ( for those of you following along with the Ruby source , the flag is checked with the CHECK_INTS macro ) .
It is important to note , however that the timer created with setitimer is of type ITIMER_VIRTUAL which means time will be measured only when the interpretter is executing ( and not during system calls executed on behalf of ruby ) whereas the sleeping OS thread is always measuring time , regardless of whether or not Ruby is executing .
strace saves the day
I am working on an event - based real - time distributed ( insert more buzzwords ) system built in ruby .
As a result I am constantly trying to push ruby to its limits , like many other people out there .
I noticed that the latency of my eventloop started to increase and after I spawned threads to do short tasks ( like send an email , for example ) .
The weird thing was that the latency did n’t go down even after the thread had finished executing !
To debug this problem I attached strace to my running ruby process and I saw this :
[ joe@mawu ] % strace - ttTp `pidof ruby` 2 >&1 | egrep '( sigret|setitimer|timer|exit_group ) '
19:41:21.282700 setitimer ( ITIMER_VIRTUAL , {it_interval={0 , 10000} , itvalue={0 , 10000}} , NULL ) = 0 < 0.000022 > 19:41:26.778386 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:26.780578 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000022 > 19:41:26.814172 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:26.823761 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000022 > 19:41:26.888419 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:26.890691 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000041 > 19:41:26.904949 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:26.907327 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000040 > 19:41:26.995445 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:26.997699 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000041 > 19:41:27.144428 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:27.147146 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000023 > 19:41:27.303472 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:27.306825 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000021 > ...
Weird !
Looks like the timer is interrupting the executing Ruby process causing it to enter the thread scheduler only to schedule the only thread in the app and start executing again .
This was really bad for our system because our main eventloop was being constantly interrupted to the point where under high load the eventloop was unable to service connection requests fast enough and timing out our test scripts .
This is also a big problem if you use ruby gems piled on top of ruby gems because the more layers of gem code executing for the short time quanta means that less of your actual app code gets to execute !
Not cool , but before getting excited I decided to try to reproduce this on a smaller scale , so :
[ joe@mawu ] % strace - ttT ruby -e ' t1 = Thread.new { sleep ( 5 ) } ; t1.join ; 10000.times {" aaaaa " * 1000} ; ' 2>&1 | egrep '( sigret|setitimer|timer|exit_group ) '
19:41:21.282700 setitimer ( ITIMER_VIRTUAL , {it_interval={0 , 10000} , itvalue={0 , 10000}} , NULL ) = 0 < 0.000022 > 19:41:26.778386 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:26.780578 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000022 > 19:41:26.814172 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:26.823761 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000022 > 19:41:26.888419 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:26.890691 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000041 > 19:41:26.904949 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:26.907327 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000040 > 19:41:26.995445 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:26.997699 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000041 > 19:41:27.144428 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:27.147146 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000023 >
19:41:27.303472 --- SIGVTALRM ( Virtual timer expired ) @ 0 ( 0 ) --- 19:41:27.306825 sigreturn ( ) = ? ( mask now [ ] ) < 0.000021 > 19:41:27.314461 exit_group(0 ) = ?
Definitely starting to look like a bug from the strace output .
I decided to dive into the ruby 1.8.7 MRI source code ( eval. c for those following along in the source ) and found that a timer is created whenever a thread is created , but the timer is not destroyed when the thread terminates !
Definitely a bug .
A quick fix to eval .c fixed the problem and my latency dropped like a rock !
Patch for ruby 1.8.7
I posted a patch to ruby - core and some code was added to fix pthread - enabled Ruby .
NOTE : You should ALWAYS test new patches before applying them to your live site , this is no exception !
Ruby MRI 1.8.7p72 patch
Future directions
I ’ve been asked a bunch of different questions about threads and threading models , so my next couple blog posts will be about different threading models .
I ’m going to dive into the details , go through the pros and cons , and try to clear things up a bit , so stay tuned and thanks for reading !
Westminster became the first city in America with a Vietnamese - majority city council after a final tabulation of votes Monday shifted the winners in two Orange County cities .
Two Vietnamese American candidates who had been trailing after initial vote counts on election day emerged as winners when the Orange County registrar certified the final results of the Nov. 4 election .
In Westminster , Truong Diep initially trailed Penny Loomer by 1,500 votes .
But the final vote count put Diep , 25 , a member of the Midway City Sanitary District board , ahead by a few dozen votes , giving him the second - place win .
Loomer said Monday that she may seek a recount .
Advertisement
Diep ’s election stands as a milestone for the small , conservative city that has been transformed by Vietnamese refugees into the thriving enclave of Little Saigon .
The election once again shows the Vietnamese community ’s propensity for voting absentee .
Diep said his win was a surprise , that he had not known if the absentee ballots sent in by Vietnamese voters could overcome the 1,500 - vote margin he was behind by .
“ I was n’t sure if I was going to make it into the winning column , ” Diep said .
“ My gut feeling was that the gap could not be as wide as it was . ”
In neighboring Garden Grove , after thousands of absentee and provisional ballots were counted , Andrew Do secured a second - place finish for a seat on the City Council , edging out Robin Peace Marcario .
Advertisement
Do , chief of staff of Orange County Supervisor Janet Nguyen , became the second Vietnamese American City Council member in Garden Grove .
He could not be reached for comment Monday .
Tran is a Times staff writer .
my-thuan.tran@latimes.com
CHAMPAIGN , Ill . --
Like water and ice cubes mixed in a glass , a group of organic compounds called lipids can coexist as liquid and solid in membranes .
This patchiness in phospholipid membranes is fundamental to their use as biomolecules and biosensors .
Using charged nanoparticles , researchers at the University of Illinois have found a new way to stimulate patchiness in phospholipid membranes .
" We are seeing a previously unsuspected responsiveness in phospholipid membranes , " said Steve Granick , a Founder Professor of Engineering at the U. of I .
" What we thought was possible only with the specificity of certain proteins , we now see can happen with simple , charged nanoparticles . "
Lipids are the building blocks of cell membranes .
In earlier work , Granick and graduate student Liangfang Zhang found a way to stabilize sensitive lipid membranes by attaching charged nanoparticles to the membrane surface .
Now , Granick , Zhang , graduate research assistant Bo Wang and research scientist Sung Chul Bae show that a phospholipid membrane can coexist in two phases - solid and liquid - according to what binds to it .
This inherent patchiness presents an additional mechanism for changing the stiffness of phospholipid membranes .
The researchers report their work in a paper to be published next week in the Online Early Edition of the Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
Using fluorescence and calorimetry methods , the researchers studied interactions between charged nanoparticles and membranes formed from single - component lipids .
Because the membrane was composed of one sole lipid type , the traditional explanation for spatial patchiness - an uneven distribution of different lipids - was eliminated .
While a variety of nanoparticles was used , the most common type was polystyrene spheres about 20 nanometers in diameter ( a nanometer is 1 billionth of a meter ) .
Where the nanoparticles attached to the membrane , the membrane responded by changing phase .
" The electric charge acted as a switch , " Granick said .
" Nanoparticles with a negative charge switched membranes from liquid to solid .
Nanoparticles with a positive charge switched the membranes from solid to liquid . "
Phase changes occurred in patches of membranes where phospholipid molecules swiveled after binding to charged nanoparticles .
This binding - induced behavior , where the same lipid can coexist in two different phases , offers a new mechanism for modulating stiffness in membranes .
In future work , the researchers plan to study the effects of smaller , charged nanoparticles ; the effects of charged nanoparticles on living cells ; and novel ways to stabilize lipid membranes for targeted drug delivery .
" These experiments are helping us better understand both the structure of phospholipid membranes and the potential biological effects of exposure to nanoparticles found in our normal , everyday environment , " Granick said .
###
Granick also is a professor of materials science and engineering , of chemistry , of chemical and biomolecular engineering , and of physics ; and he is a researcher at the university 's Frederick Seitz Materials Research Laboratory and at the Beckman Institute .
The U.S. Department of Energy funded the work .
Remember my article on Set Operations in the Unix Shell ?
I implemented 14 various set operations by using common Unix utilities such as diff , comm , head , tail , grep , wc and others .
I decided to create a simpler version of that post that just lists the operations .
I also created a . txt cheat - sheet version of it and to make things more interesting I added an Awk implementation of each set op .
If you want a detailed explanations of each operation , go to the original article .
Download . txt right away : set operations in unix shell ( .txt )
Download path : https://catonmat.net/ftp/setops.txt
Set Membership
$ grep - xc ' element ' set # outputs 1 if element is in set # outputs > 1 if set is a multi- set # outputs 0 if element is not in set $ grep - xq ' element ' set # returns 0 ( true ) if element is in set # returns 1 ( false ) if element is not in set $ awk ' $ 0 == " element " { s=1 ; exit } END { exit !s }' set # returns 0 if element is in set , 1 otherwise .
$ awk - v e='element ' ' $ 0 == e { s=1 ; exit } END { exit !s }'
Set Equality
$ diff -q <( sort set1 ) < ( sort set2 ) # returns 0 if set1 is equal to set2 # returns 1 if set1 != set2 $ diff -q <( sort set1 | uniq ) < ( sort set2 | uniq ) # collapses multi-sets into sets and does the same as previous $ awk '{ if ( ! ( $ 0 in a ) ) c++ ; a [ $ 0 ] } END { exit !( c==NR/2 ) }' set1 set2 # returns 0 if set1 == set2 # returns 1 if set1 != set2 $ awk '{ a [ $ 0 ] } END { exit ! ( length ( a ) ==NR/2 ) }' set1 set2 # same as previous , requires >= gnu awk 3.1.5
Set Cardinality
$ wc -l set | cut - d ' ' - f1 # outputs number of elements in set $ wc -l < set $ awk ' END { print NR }' set
Subset Test
$ comm - 23 <( sort subset | uniq ) <( sort set | uniq ) | head - 1 # outputs something if subset is not a subset of set # does not putput anything if subset is a subset of set $ awk ' NR==FNR { a [ $ 0 ] ; next } { if !( $ 0 in a ) exit 1 } ' set subset # returns 0 if subset is a subset of set # returns 1 if subset is not a subset of set
Set Union
$ cat set1 set2 # outputs union of set1 and set2 # assumes they are disjoint $ awk 1 set1 set2 # ditto $ cat set1 set2 ... setn # union over n sets $ cat set1 set2 | sort -u # same , but assumes they are not disjoint $ sort set1 set2 | uniq # sort -u set1 set2 $ awk '! a [ $ 0 ] ++' # ditto
Set Intersection
$ comm - 12 < ( sort set1 ) < ( sort set2 ) # outputs insersect of set1 and set2 $ grep - xF -f set1 set2 $ sort set1 set2 | uniq -d $ join <( sort -n A ) <( sort -n B ) $ awk ' NR==FNR { a [ $ 0 ] ; next } $ 0 in a ' set1 set2
Set Complement
$ comm - 23 <( sort set1 ) < ( sort set2 ) # outputs elements in set1 that are not in set2 $ grep - vxF -f set2 set1 # ditto $ sort set2 set2 set1 | uniq -u # ditto $ awk ' NR==FNR { a [ $ 0 ] ; next } ! ( $ 0 in a ) ' set2 set1
Set Symmetric Difference
$ comm - 3 < ( sort set1 ) < ( sort set2 ) | sed 's /\t//g' # outputs elements that are in set1 or in set2 but not both $ comm - 3 < ( sort set1 ) <( sort set2 ) | tr - d ' \t ' $ sort set1 set2 | uniq -u $ cat < ( grep - vxF -f set1 set2 ) < ( grep - vxF -f set2 set1 ) $ grep - vxF -f set1 set2 ; grep - vxF -f set2 set1 $ awk ' NR==FNR { a [ $ 0 ] ; next } $ 0 in a { delete a [ $ 0 ] ; next } 1 ; END { for ( b in a ) print b } ' set1 set2
Power Set
$ p( ) { [ $ # - eq 0 ] && echo || ( shift ; p " $@ " ) | while read r ; do echo -e " $ 1 $r
$r " ; done } $ p `cat set` # no nice awk solution , you are welcome to email me one : # peter@catonmat.net
Set Cartesian Product
$ while read a ; do while read b ; do echo " $a , $ b " ; done < set1 ; done < set2 $ awk ' NR==FNR { a [ $ 0 ] ; next } { for ( i in a ) print i , $ 0 } ' set1 set2
Disjoint Set Test
$ comm - 12 < ( sort set1 ) < ( sort set2 ) # does not output anything if disjoint $ awk '++ seen [ $ 0 ] == 2 { exit 1 } ' set1 set2 # returns 0 if disjoint # returns 1 if not
Empty Set Test
$ wc -l < set # outputs 0 if the set is empty # outputs > 0 if the set is not empty $ awk '{ exit 1 } ' set # returns 0 if set is empty , 1 otherwise
Minimum
$ head - 1 <( sort set ) # outputs the minimum element in the set $ awk ' NR == 1 { min = $ 0 } $ 0 < min { min = $ 0 } END { print min }'
Maximum
$ tail - 1 <( sort set ) # outputs the maximum element in the set $ awk ' $ 0 > max { max = $ 0 } END { print max }'
Download All Set Operations in Unix Shell Documents
For your convenience here are the download links one more time .
Download . txt document : setops.txt
Download link : https://catonmat.net/ftp/setops.txt
Download .pdf document : setops.pdf
Download link : https://catonmat.net/ftp/setops.pdf
Credits
Thanks to waldner and pgas from #awk in FreeNode , and to Andreas for coming up with the cool power set function for bash .
Have fun !
If you have any other tips or tricks , or can think of other set operations let me know .
Have fun and until next time !
CARSON —
You ca n’t say she did n’t warn them .
Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin introduced herself to the country with a now - famous joke about lipstick as the only difference between a certain dog breed and a hockey mom .
Saturday , the Republican vice - presidential nominee unleashed her inner pit bull , accusing Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama of being someone who would “ pal around with terrorists . ”
Her accusation — made in California before an overflow crowd of about 10,000 in the tennis stadium , and earlier in the day at a Denver fundraiser — signaled an increasingly abrasive stance toward Obama on the part of her running mate , Republican nominee John McCain .
In Carson , she signaled her intentions early in her 23 - minute speech .
“ One of my campaign staff said as I was walking out here , ‘ OK , the heels are on , the gloves are off , ' ” Palin said .
The “ terrorists ” to whom Palin referred is Chicago education professor William Ayers , a founder of the 1960s radical leftist group the Weather Underground and a sometime acquaintance of Obama .
Palin introduced the attack with a wry observation about her disastrous interview with CBS ’ Katie Couric on Monday .
During the interview , Palin seemed to draw a blank when asked by Couric which newspapers and magazines she reads .
Palin , who told Fox News Channel on Friday that she reads the New York Times and the Wall Street Journal , among other publications , said she was annoyed by the question .
Buoyed by a well - received performance against her Democratic opponent , Sen .
Joe Biden , in their debate Thursday , she playfully apologized for what she described as her “ impatient ” response to Couric .
“ Evidently there ’s been a lot of interest in what I read lately , ” she said .
“ I was reading today a copy of the New York Times .
And I was really interested to read in there about Barack Obama ’s friends from Chicago .
Turns out one of his earliest supporters is a man who , according to the New York Times , was a domestic terrorist , that quote ‘ launched a campaign of bombings that would target the Pentagon and the United States Capitol . ' ”
Saturday ’s New York Times story , an investigation into whether Obama had a relationship with Ayers , concluded that the men were never close and that Obama has denounced Ayers ’ radical past , which occurred when Obama , who was born in 1961 , was a child .
It also found that he has downplayed their contacts .
“ This is not a man who sees America as you and I see America , ” Palin said of Obama .
“ We see America as a force for good in this world .
We see America as a force for exceptionalism . …
Our opponents see America as imperfect enough to pal around with terrorists who would bomb their own country . ”
The Obama campaign responded forcefully .
“ Governor Palin ’s comments , while offensive , are not surprising , given the McCain campaign ’s statement this morning that they would be launching Swift Boat - like attacks in hopes of deflecting attention from the nation ’s economic ills , ” Obama - Biden spokesman Hari Sevugan said .
“ In fact , the very newspaper story Governor Palin cited in hurling her shameless attack made clear that Senator Obama is not close to Bill Ayers , much less ‘ pals , ’ and that he has strongly condemned the despicable acts Ayers committed 40 years ago , when Obama was 8 .
What ’s clear is that John McCain and Sarah Palin would rather spend their time tearing down Barack Obama than laying out a plan to build up our economy . ”
Republicans have long been expected to raise this issue .
In August , a major fundraiser for McCain spent $ 2.8 million on an ad , by the American Issues Project , attacking Obama and raising questions about his relationship with Ayers .
( The contributor , Texas billionaire Harold Simmons , also helped fund Swift Boat Veterans for Truth , the group that damaged Democratic Sen .
John Kerry ’s 2004 presidential campaign when it called his military record into question . )
California is a reliably Democratic state in the presidential race , but it also is a reliable source of cash for Republicans .
After the Carson rally Saturday , Palin attended a fundraiser in Costa Mesa .
Today , she was scheduled to headline a fundraiser in Burlingame , then head to Florida , while McCain takes time to prepare for his debate with Obama on Tuesday in Nashville .
In Carson , Palin was interrupted at least 10 times by protesters , who were in turn shouted down by the crowd .
She said her father , Chuck Heath , was born in North Hollywood and that her grandfather was a Los Angeles photographer who specialized in shooting boxers .
“ I learned a few points about fighting from him , ” she said .
“ I have a connection with L.A. and I ’ll milk it as long as I can , ” she added , as the crowd roared its approval .
While speaking on the topic of impeachment Rep. John Conyers ( D - MI ) promised that after the November 4 elections , he would pursue legal actions against the Bush administration .
Conyers is in a unique position to initiate impeachment .
As the Chair of the House Judiciary Committee ( the body which would be responsible for initiating impeachment ) , he has been the sole obstacle to impeachment occurring ever since he and Nancy Pelosi ( D - CA , Speaker of the House ) took Impeachment “ off the table . ”
However , now it appears that Conyers will be pushing impeachment .
At the “ Take Back America Conference ” , Conyers replied , “ Yes , you have my word on that . ”
He then shook the hand of a questioner resolutely .
The congressman was speaking in a panel , “ The Republic Against the Rogue Presidency . ”
Conyers described what was keeping him from pursuing impeachment .
He said that he wanted to wait until Obama was elected , as he feared that impeachment would become an election issue .
Please write to Congressman Conyers and thank him for finally pursuing accountability :
Rep. John Conyers
[ email protected ]
Website
2426 Rayburn Building
Washington , DC 20515
( 202 ) 225-5126
( 202 ) 225-0072 Fax
Also please contact your own Congressperson and ask them to support Conyers in finally holding the Bush Administration accountable .
Congressional Switchboard ( just give switchboard your zip ) :
1-800-828-0498 .
Jodin Morey
Impeach for Peace Cofounder
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina ( CNN ) --
More than 10,000 charred bone fragments were found buried at the site of a former Argentine government detention center , the first find of its kind at one of the secret centers , Argentine officials said .
Bones were unearthed during a seven - month search at an ex-detention post in La Plata , Argentina , officials said .
Searchers said they also found a wall with more than 200 bullet holes and an " important quantity " of spent ammunition shells on the ground nearby .
In some cases , bullets were still lodged in the wall .
The announcement was made Tuesday at a news conference by government officials and representatives of the Argentine Forensic Anthropology Team , better known as EAAF , the initials of its name in Spanish .
A team of six professional anthropologists and support crew said it believed the remains were human , but it was unable to determine how many bodies the fragments represented .
" I ask the forgiveness of family members , because I can imagine what the mothers and all who are gathered here will feel , but what we are about to show is not to detail the genocide but so that we have proof for the trials that are to come , " said Sara Derotier de Cobacho , secretary of human rights for Buenos Aires province .
" But let us not forget , " she said in a statement , " that behind every clandestine center there were the names of the repressors .
...
So it is very important for all citizens to know those names . "
The detention center was among those used in Argentina during the country 's " Dirty War , " which started in 1976 when a group of generals staged a coup and started a vicious crackdown against anyone considered a subversive .
By the time civilian control of the government resumed in 1983 , up to 30,000 Argentines had been abducted and taken to the secret government detention centers , where they were tortured and killed .
They are widely called " los desaparecidos , " or " the disappeared . "
Do n't Miss Life sentence for Argentine ex-army chief
Thousands more people were abducted and killed by right - wing dictatorships in other South American countries during the 1970s and 1980s , particularly in Chile and Uruguay .
The bone fragments in Argentina were unearthed during a seven - month search at the former detention post in the city of La Plata , near Buenos Aires .
In 25 years of searching , this was the first time that human remains were found at a former detention center , said Luis Fondebrider , president of the EAAF .
" We 've worked throughout the country and have always found remains in cemeteries , never outside , " Fondebrider said in the release .
The conference was called , he said , because of the extraordinary nature of the find .
" We usually do n't hold press conferences about our work or what we find , " Fondebrider said .
" But we understand that the magnitude of what we have found where the Clandestine Center of Arana was located merits that sometimes we show partial results . "
The searchers determined that bodies had been burned inside graves along with tires , combustibles and other material , Fondebrider said .
" The possibilities of identifying some of these remains is low because of the state they are in , " Fondebrider said .
The searchers will start analyzing the remains next year and are working with two prominent forensic genetic laboratories that specialize in working with remains that are in poor condition , he said .
Lending an official air to Tuesday 's proceedings , Carlos Stornelli , minister of security for the province of Buenos Aires , and Pablo Buruera , mayor of La Plata , also attended the news conference .
" We are looking for the truth so we can attain justice and construct , from there , the memory of our 30,000 ' desaparecidos , ' " Derotier said .
All About Argentina • Buenos Aires
The International Earth Rotation Service is calling for a leap second – the 24th of its kind since the first in 1971 .
I wonder what they did before that ?
At midnight GMT ( Greenwich Mean Time ) on December 31st , the world will stop while a second is added to clocks everywhere .
The Earth rotates at different speeds in different years .
The moon ’s gravity supposedly has something to do with this .
IERS uses calculations from more than 200 atomic clocks which base their time measurements on atomic resonance frequency .
Timekeepers warn that refusing to coordinate clocks might lead to lapse or collapse in communication , aerospace , finance and transportation .
Remember Y2K !
Atomic time was introduced in 1958 .
Since then the Earth ’s rotation has gained 33 seconds .
I wonder , how did we and the animals get along before we had atomic time to tell us we were all off ?
When I was in the Navy , we learned that the most reliable , predicatable and accurate measurements for navigation and time were the stars .
Seems like we ca n’t be the Creator ’s doing no matter how hard we try .
What are you going to do with your extra second ?
You are not logged in .
Login or Signup
No reason ,
G'nite b3ta ... archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:35 ,
AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH
( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:36 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:36 ,
Good one .....
* Click *
Edit :-
Looks like one of those PAC - MAN thingies when they get scared .
( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:37 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:37 ,
made me laugh
* click * ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:38 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:38 ,
Now Zoidberg is the popular one ...
hehe ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:38 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:38 ,
Zoidberg what are you doing !!!
( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:38 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:38 ,
He wins at arm wrestling everytime this way ...
( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:40 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:40 ,
He wins at everything
Woo ! ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:44 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:44 ,
HOLY FISTFACE
that 's fuckin woo that is .
( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:38 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:38 ,
Hahahahah !
( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:40 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:40 ,
you 've seen the boosh live ????
you know , you can go off a person :/ ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:48 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:48 ,
whoop whoop whoop whoop
* runs around in circles * ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:40 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:40 ,
have you met my new girlfriend ?
i23.tinypic.com/25sn1ab.jpg
SHE'S SO DAMN SEXY SHE'S SO DAMN SEXY archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:43 ,
That 's the second time a little bit of my dinner has entered my mouth for the second time tonight .
:( ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:45 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:45 ,
tis a lady ...
have i missed something ?
hello btw ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:57 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:57 ,
wOO
/\/\/\
ace ! ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:41 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:41 ,
freaky poos .
niceeeeee ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:43 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:43 ,
woopwoopwoopwoopwoopwoop
( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:44 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:44 ,
proof !
proof at last that marty feldman did n't die !
he merely went into the future to breed with dr. zoidberg ! ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:45 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:45 ,
Knuckled under . . .
( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:46 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:46 ,
this is great
this is great ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:48 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:48 ,
Ok
Now that is fucking fabulous .
Woo and click .
( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:49 , archived ) ( , Tue 18 Nov 2008 , 23:49 ,
Fine
Damn fine ( , Wed 19 Nov 2008 , 0:28 , archived ) ( , Wed 19 Nov 2008 , 0:28 ,
zoooooidbeeeerrrg
that 's right davidson that is ( , Wed 19 Nov 2008 , 5:37 , archived ) ( , Wed 19 Nov 2008 , 5:37 ,
FUCK YEAH
A worthy FP .
For once .
( , Thu 20 Nov 2008 , 0:15 , archived ) ( , Thu 20 Nov 2008 , 0:15 ,
You never can guess what 'll get picked when ,
really , you never can ... ( , Thu 20 Nov 2008 , 10:11 , archived ) ( , Thu 20 Nov 2008 , 10:11 ,
That gives me The Fear
surely ( , Thu 20 Nov 2008 , 3:14 , archived ) ( , Thu 20 Nov 2008 , 3:14 ,
haha jesus mary and joseph !
wtf is that thing ?!! ( , Fri 21 Nov 2008 , 12:19 , archived ) ( , Fri 21 Nov 2008 , 12:19 ,
Face .
I want to be able to make / pull this face at will .
Train me .
( , Sun 23 Nov 2008 , 5:18 , archived ) ( , Sun 23 Nov 2008 , 5:18 ,
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Thousands of people have protested in Baghdad against a proposed deal to allow US troops to remain in Iraq once their UN mandate expires .
The demonstration was called by the Shia cleric , Moqtada Sadr , who has strongly opposed any deal with the US .
Security was tight around the area , but the organisers insist the protest in the capital will remain peaceful .
The Status of Forces Agreement has been passed by the Iraqi cabinet , but still needs parliamentary approval .
A failure to ratify the agreement or renew the UN mandate might mean US military operations would have to be suspended .
The UN mandate for the US - led coalition expires at the end of December .
The Iraqi parliament is expected to vote next week on the proposals , which have also been criticised by other groups .
' Peaceful '
The demonstration took place in Firdous Square , the scene of the toppling of a statue of Iraq 's former leader , Saddam Hussein , five years ago .
Hundreds of Iraqi police searched everyone entering the square and US surveillance drones circled overhead .
Today is the day of Iraqi unity among Arabs , Kurds , all communities of Iraq , to reject the security pact
Hazim al - Araji
Aide to Moqtada Sadr
In pictures : Baghdad protests
The BBC's Andrew North , who was at the protest , says people waved Iraqi flags , Shia banners and chanted anti-American slogans , and an effigy of US President George W Bush was attacked by the crowd .
Joint prayers were held with many Sunni Muslims at the demonstration , our correspondent said .
Moqtada
Sadr did not attend the demonstration himself but a sermon of his was read out by a representative , Sheik Abdul - Hadi al - Mohammadawi .
" Let the government know that America is and will not be of any use to us because it is the enemy of Islam , " he said .
" The government must know that it is the people who help it in the good and the bad times .
If it throws the occupier out , all the Iraqi people will stand by it . "
A senior aide to Moqtada Sadr said people were " coming out to prove the security pact is worthless " .
" Today is the day of Iraqi unity among Arabs , Kurds , all communities of Iraq , to reject the security pact , " said Hazim al - Araji .
Mr Araji said the protest would " express rejection of the pact and the occupation , " and that the crowds would remain " 100 % " peaceful .
Under the forces agreement , US troops will withdraw from the streets of Iraqi towns and cities next year , with all 150,000 having left Iraq by the end of 2011 .
The UN mandate for the US - led coalition expires at the end of 2008 Iraqi Prime Minister Nouri Maliki has said the deal is " a solid prelude to the restoration of Iraq 's full sovereignty in three years ' time " and has insisted that it has no hidden clauses .
Our correspondent says there is little chance that Moqtada Sadr 's supporters can stop the agreement being passed .
The event is being seen by many as showing the continuing influence of the cleric , and that he is securing his position for when the Americans do eventually leave , our correspondent adds .
About 144,000 of the 152,000 foreign troops deployed in Iraq are US military personnel .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Why buy or build a house when you could simply grow your own ?
That is precisely the concept behind the Fab Tree Hab – architecture that grows over time .
Heavy trees are slowly woven together as they develop to form the essential structure while lighter materials like vines are used to create more detailed connections and canopies .
The result ?
A mixture of predictable and unpredictable , organic and constructed and certainly the end product is bound to be slightly different with each iteration .
( Source )
A look out windows across the United States
Story Highlights
CNN asked iReporters to take a photo or video from a nearby window
Submitters were given 48 hours to send in their window views
Valorie Cox hopes to inspire others " to find beauty ... looking out their back window "
iReport.com : Up for the next weekend challenge ?
Send a simple thank you
Next Article in Travel »
cr4zyserb - deroko of ARTeam
Inspired by Armadillo nanomites , I 've decided to write virus which uses Nanomites to foobar heuristics as much as possible .
This virus also has abbility to inline patch some commonly used packers such as ASPack , UPX , FSG and some more .
Blacky .w32 uses
Trap flag encryption / decryption during whole execution , and in such way stays crypted all the way during it 's execution .
Using TF for runtime decryption / encryption will slowdown system , so only a few files are infected druing one run.
prcko .
XP is virus which will use sysenter to directly talk with kernel , it is simple example of virus which will avoid lame sandboxes where their authors hook kernel32 APIs to monitor execution of certain binary .
Blackhand .w32 ( named as DeadCode because of it's signature in PE header ) was virus used to test how fast AVs will react when new virus is " in the wild " , actually copy was sent to them only , and noone else .
F- Secure and KAV were the fastest to make signature for it .
Documentary about the 18 - year odyssey of a group of enthusiasts who set out to build a brand new mainline steam engine from scratch in 1990 .
Official communication the death of Lenin - the leader of the world proletariat
In three days more than one million of people visited the Pillared Hall to say fare - well to Lenin
They started to construct the first Lenin Mausoleum on the very next day after Lenin 's death .
The second Mausoleum , the wooden one .
Existed for 5 years .
The Soviet Goverment anounced a competition for the best project .
In 1929 a new construction was open .
A special model of the new granit Lenin Mausoleum was produced in order to make sure the new building would blend in well .
The third Lenin Mausolem under construction , the granite one .
By that time Lenin 's body had not changed ..
The Lenin Mausolem witnessed many historical events .
Heroes of the Spanish Republic were greeted there
G.Dimitrov , A. Mikoyan , M.Gorky on the tribune of the Lenin Mausoleum
The building where Lenin 's body were kept during the war period .
Tyumen .
G.Zhukov and I.Stalin on the tribune of the Mausoleum .
For a certain period of time it was Lenin and Stalin Mausoleum
New Zealand has given the green light for clinical trials involving the transplantation of pig cells into humans in a potential breakthrough treatment of diabetes .
Health Minister David Cunliffe said the process , known as xenotransplantation , had huge potential for diabetes sufferers .
" This is critical new technology that could well make New Zealand a world leader in both the treatment of diabetes and in the use of xenotransplantation , " he said .
Biotech entrepreneur Living Cell Technologies Ltd ( LCT ) wants to transfer cells from the pancreas of pigs to produce insulin in type - 1 diabetes sufferers .
Though the technology could produce significant benefits for patients , it is highly controversial given the potential for a pig virus to be transferred that could then became capable of spreading as an infection in people .
" It remains clear to me that any such trial will always carry a very low residual risk , so the key issue has always been whether this risk is sufficiently small and can be successfully managed , " Cunliffe said .
" I am confident that the stringent conditions I have imposed on this trial represent best practice and meet our international obligations to the World Health Organisation . "
The New Zealand Medical Association ( NZMA ) warned in 2005 that a deadly virus transmission through this pathway could potentially kill millions of people .
When the current application for a clinical trial in New Zealand was made , a Wellington think tank , the Sustainability Council , urged the minister to consult the public on the " community risk " in the event that transplanted pig tissues triggered an infectious disease in humans .
It also questioned how transplant recipients could be stopped from donating blood or organs to other humans .
But LCT 's medical director , Professor Bob Elliott , who carried out the original research and actually injected pig cells into people in 1996 and 1997 , recently said further delays would have the same effect on the company as a rejection .
" We can't wait around any longer really , we 've got to move , " he said .
LCT has said it can limit risks by using tissues from piglets in a breeding line said to have been isolated from other pigs for over 150 years on the Auckland Islands .
According to Elliott , a group of Russians injected with New Zealand pig cells last year showed reductions in daily insulin requirements ranging from 23 percent to as much as 100 percent , and had good control of blood glucose levels in four out of five patients .
AFP
> {-# LANGUAGE MultiParamTypeClasses , FunctionalDependencies , FlexibleInstances , GeneralizedNewtypeDeriving #-}
> module Main where
> import qualified Data .
Map as M
> import Control .
Monad
> import Prelude
> import Ratio hiding ( numerator , denominator )
> infixl 5 .+
> infixl 6 .*
> type Tangle = ( Bool , Bool ) -> KnotMonad ( Bool , Bool )
> infinity ( i , j ) = return ( i, j )
> zero ( i , j ) = do
> cup ( i , j )
> cap ()
> data K = K { re2::Rational , im2:: Rational } deriving ( Eq , Show )
> instance Num K where
> K a b + K a' b' = K ( a+a ' ) ( b+b ' )
> K a b * K a ' b' = K ( a*a '+2*b*b' ) ( a*b ' +a '*b )
> negate ( K a b ) = K ( negate a ) ( negate b )
> abs _ = error " "
> signum _ = error " "
> fromInteger i = K ( fromInteger i) 0
> instance Fractional K where
> recip ( K a b ) = let r = recip ( a * a - 2 *b ) in K ( r*a ) ( - r* b )
> fromRational x = K x 0
> type L = Complex K
> type KnotMonad = V L
> hr2 = K 0 ( 1%2 )
> a = hr2 :+ hr2
> b = hr2 :+ ( - hr2 )
> i = 0 :+ 1
> cup :: ( Bool , Bool ) -> KnotMonad ()
> cup ( u , v ) = case ( u , v ) of
> ( False , True ) -> ( - i * b ) .* return ()
> ( True , False ) -> ( i * a ) .* return ()
> otherwise -> vzero
> cap :: ( ) -> KnotMonad ( Bool , Bool )
> cap ( ) = ( - i * b ) .* return ( False , True ) .+ ( i * a ) .* return ( True , False )
> over :: Tangle
> over ( u , v ) = a .* do
> ( ) <- cup ( u , v )
> cap ()
> .+
> b .* return ( u , v )
> under :: Tangle
> under ( u , v ) = b .* do
> ( ) <- cup ( u , v )
> cap ()
> .+
> a .* return ( u , v )
( Bool , Bool )
value '
infinity
zero
> value ' p =
> let alpha = coefficient ( False , False ) $ p ( False , False )
> beta = coefficient ( True , False ) $ p ( False , True )
> in ( alpha , beta )
> value :: Tangle ->
Rational
> value p =
> let ( a , b ) = value ' p
> in re2 $ realPart $ -i*a / b
> steps :: Rational -> [ String ]
> steps 0 = [ ]
> steps q | q<= - 1 = " twist " : steps ( q+1 )
> | - 1 < q && q <1 = " rotate " : steps ( - 1/ q )
> | q>=1 = " antitwist " : steps ( q - 1 )
> untangle t = steps ( value t )
> example :: Tangle
> example ( a , b ) = do
> ( c , d ) <- over ( a , b )
> ( e , f ) <- cap ()
> ( g , h ) <- over ( c, e )
> ( i , j ) <- over ( f , d )
> ( m , n ) <- cap ()
> ( k,l ) <- cap ()
> ( q , r ) <- over ( h , k )
> ( s , y ) <- over ( l, i )
> ( o , p ) <- over ( n , g )
> ( t,u ) <- under ( p, q )
> ( v, w ) <- under ( r , s )
> ( x , z ) <- over ( y , j )
> cup ( o , t )
> cup ( u ,
v )
> cup ( w , x )
> return ( m, z )
untangle example
> swap ( x , y ) = ( y , x )
> class Num k => VectorSpace k v | v -> k where
> vzero :: v
> (.+ ) :: v -> v ->
v
> (.*) :: k -> v ->
v
> (.-) :: v -> v ->
v
> v1 .- v2 = v1 .+ ( ( - 1 ) .* v2 )
> data V k a = V { unV :: [ ( k,a ) ] } deriving ( Show )
> reduce x = filter ( ( /=0 ) . fst ) $ fmap swap $ M.toList $ M.fromListWith (+ ) $ fmap swap $ x
> instance Num k =>
Functor ( V k ) where
> fmap f ( V as ) = V $ map ( \( k , a ) -> ( k , f a ) ) as
> instance Num k =>
Monad ( V k ) where
> return a = V [ ( 1,a ) ]
> x >>= f = join ( fmap f x )
> where join x = V $ concat $ fmap ( uncurry scale ) $ unV $ fmap unV x
> scale k1 as = map ( \( k2 , a ) -> ( k1* k2 , a ) ) as
> instance Num r => MonadPlus ( V r ) where
> mzero = V [ ]
> mplus ( V x ) ( V y ) = V ( x++y )
> instance ( Num k , Ord a ) => VectorSpace k ( V k a ) where
> vzero = V [ ]
> V x .+ V y = V ( x ++ y )
> (.*) k = ( >>= ( \a -> V [ ( k, a ) ] ) )
> coefficient b ( V bs ) = maybe 0 id ( lookup b ( map swap ( reduce bs ) ) )
> data Complex a = ( :+ ) { realPart :: a , imagPart :: a } deriving ( Eq , Show )
> instance Num a => Num ( Complex a ) where
> ( a :+ b ) + ( a ' :+ b ' ) = ( a+a ' ) :+ ( b+b ' )
> ( a :+ b ) * ( a ' :+ b ' ) = ( a * a ' - b* b ' ) :+ ( a*b '+a'*b)
> negate ( a :+ b ) = ( - a ) :+ ( - b )
> fromInteger n = fromInteger n :+ 0
> abs ( a :+ b ) = undefined
> signum ( a :+ b ) = undefined
> instance Fractional a => Fractional ( Complex a ) where
> recip ( a :+ b ) = let r = recip ( a* a +b*b ) in ( ( a*r ) :+ ( - b*r ) )
> fromRational q = fromRational q :+ 0
IT Alignment is Simple , Part 1
Results of the latest SIM CIO Survey were announced at SIMposium 2008 .
Once again , “ IT and Business Alignment ” was number 1 on the list of top IT management concerns ( it ’s been number 1 for a lot of years ) .
[ Note : as of 2016 it ’s still number 1 , and it ’s been number 1 for ten out of fourteen years . ]
It ’s amazing to me that CIOs have n’t yet learned how to solve the IT alignment problem , so in this article I ’ll explain what IT alignment is all about , and in a follow - up article I ’ll explain in more detail how to achieve business / IT alignment .
Unaligned IT is like driving blindfolded
First , I ’ll use a metaphor to describe the problem .
Suppose you ’re a CIO driving a car , with your CEO in the front passenger seat .
But in this example you ’re blindfolded behind the wheel and so the CEO has to give you extremely detailed instructions on how to drive : “ Turn just a little bit left .
Prepare for a right turn .
OK , turn NOW .
Slow down just a little bit .
A little bit more .
Now speed up . ”
Do you get the picture ?
How frustrating and nerve - wracking would this be for you as the driver ?
And how would it be for the CEO ?
If you were CEO would n’t you be incredibly frustrated that you have to spend so much time telling the CIO what to do ?
Why ca n’t the CIO just figure it out for him / herself ?
Now take the blindfold off , and do some advance planning .
Suppose you – the CIO – get together with the CEO prior to your trip and make plans for your travel .
Together you pick a destination , and you jointly decide on criteria for picking a route : fastest , most scenic , most economical , whatever is important to the two of you .
Then you – the CIO driving expert – recommend a route that will get the two of you to the destination in the best way possible , optimizing those selection criteria on which you just agreed .
You discuss the recommended route with the CEO , make changes as necessary , and then start on your trip .
You ’re in the driver ’s seat , but you ’re no longer blindfolded .
Along the way things will happen .
Your destination might change .
Your route selection criteria might change .
You may have to revise your route to adjust to unexpected weather , bad roads or traffic .
But you make all of these adjustment decisions jointly with the CEO , and so you both agree that you ’re doing the best that can be done .
This second approach – advance planning with no blindfold – is an example of alignment , but the first approach – driving blindfolded – is an example of what most unaligned IT organizations do instead .
IT is driving blindfolded because most CIOs do n’t have full visibility on where the CEO and other senior executives are trying to take the business .
Instead , the CIOs are given short - term tactical statements of direction ( e.g. , implement this system , expand this data field , improve Help Desk service , improve transaction performance ) rather than letting the CIOs drive IT for themselves with full knowledge of the destination , an agreed upon route , and the ability to respond to local driving conditions along the way .
Just like the CEO passenger in our blindfolded CIO driver example , the CEO and senior business executives are highly dissatisfied with an unaligned IT organization .
They ’re frustrated with having to constantly give detailed directions , they ’re dissatisfied with the slow rate of change in IT , and they dislike the high “ accident ” rate ( failed projects ) that comes from blind driving .
Everyone – in both IT and the business – hates operating under the blind driver model of IT .
But in most organizations no one has ever taken the steps required to change the approach .
What is Business / IT Alignment ?
In my experience , you achieve alignment between business and IT when all seven of the following criteria are met :
The Business strategy is understood by the business and by IT .
The IT strategy is understood by IT and by the business .
The two strategies agree , and do n’t contradict each other .
The IT strategy supports the Business strategy .
The Business strategy supports the IT strategy .
Business people and IT people trust each other to follow the strategies they ’ve agreed on .
Business people and IT people agree that the business and IT are aligned .
Let ’s go through them one by one :
1 . The Business strategy is understood by the business and by IT .
This is one of the problem areas most cited by CIOs when they ’re asked about alignment .
Many CIOs – particularly CIOs who do n’t report to the CEO – claim that they are n’t part of the executive “ inner circle ” and that they frankly do n’t know where the business is going .
Although I understand their concerns , I do n’t see membership in the inner circle as a necessary prerequisite for IT alignment .
Often it ’s enough to have a “ pretty good feel ” for where the business is going – a total understanding of the business strategy is n’t required .
In fact , many CIOs would be surprised to find out that even the CEO does n’t have a total understanding of the business strategy , since some of business strategy is “ played by ear ” and adapted to business conditions as they change and to business opportunities as they appear .
The most important aspect of this criterion is the communication of business priorities .
The CIO must understand what ’s important to the business , and what ’s not as important .
Alignment can be achieved only if IT is able to focus on the things that are most important to the business .
2 . The IT strategy is understood by IT and by the business .
This criterion , on the other hand , is probably the biggest obstacle to IT alignment .
Many IT organizations do n’t have an IT strategy at all , and when they do , it ’s often a document that ’s used for communication downward to the rest of the IT organization .
Seldom is the IT strategy put together in such a way that it can be clearly communicated upward to the business using business language .
Yet upward communication of the IT strategy is even more important than downward communication .
If business executives do n’t have a good feel for IT ’s overall direction , then they wo n’t trust IT ( see # 6 ) , and they ’ll try to micromanage the IT organization .
This will bring you right back to the driving blind metaphor , and your IT organization will go into “ order taker mode ” where IT does n’t have a strategy – it just does whatever it ’s told .
3 . The two strategies agree , and do n’t contradict each other .
Once # 1 and # 2 are true ( a pretty big step ) , then it ’s usually fairly easy for business and IT leaders to discuss differences in strategic intent .
Without those business and IT strategies , it ’s impossible to carry on a rational dialog , since you ’re trying to compare two things that are both nebulous and unwritten .
But once you ’ve got a business strategy that IT can understand and an IT strategy that the business can understand , it ’s pretty easy to see if there are contradictions between the two documents .
When contradictions are detected , you can figure out why .
Maybe a business assumption changed and IT did n’t know , or maybe an IT assumption about a certain system environment is causing problems in supporting a new direction for the business .
Whatever the reasons for contradictions , the important thing is to revise the business strategy and / or IT strategy to eliminate the contradictions .
4 . The IT strategy supports the Business strategy .
Having resolved # 3 , you have now eliminated contradictions between the business and IT strategies .
But that does n’t mean that the two strategies support each other .
First look at the way the IT strategy supports the business strategy .
Are there elements of the business strategy that cannot be performed given the current strategy for IT ?
( e.g. , a move toward Internet selling that ca n’t be supported by your legacy systems )
Are there elements of the business strategy that could be performed better with a shift in the IT strategy ?
Are there elements of the business strategy that have no support at all in the IT strategy ?
( e.g. , the business strategy says acquire internationally , but the IT strategy does n’t address the issues of multi-national , multi-language , multi-cultural , multi-currency systems )
Modify the IT strategy as required to support the Business strategy .
5 . The Business strategy supports the IT strategy .
Now that # 4 has been accomplished , look at the two strategies from the other direction .
Are there elements of the IT strategy that cannot be performed given the current business strategy ?
( e.g. , business strategy calls for IT spending cuts but the business strategy also requires increased IT capabilities )
Are there elements of the IT strategy that could be performed better with a shift in the business strategy ?
( e.g. , business strategy calls for separate IT organizations for each business division , but IT project efforts for certain key business objectives will be duplicated in each division )
Are there elements of the IT strategy that have no support at all in the business strategy ?
( e.g. , the IT strategy calls for replacement of inadequate infrastructure but this investment has n’t been factored into the business strategy )
Negotiate modifications to the business strategy as required to support the IT strategy , or revise the IT strategy accordingly .
6 . Business people and IT people trust each other to follow the strategies they ’ve agreed on .
I ’ve listed this as # 6 but in fact trust is critical to every stage of the alignment process .
As I ’ve said in my book , Boiling the IT Frog , if your company does n’t have a mutually trusting relationship with its IT organization , then IT wo n’t be successful , no matter how good you are at everything else .
Read more about how to build trust in my book .
There ’s a whole chapter on the subject .
7. Business people and IT people agree that the business and IT are aligned .
This is the last step in achieving alignment .
After you ’ve done everything else and met all six of the other criteria , it ’s important for business and IT people to specifically recognize the fact that they ’re aligned .
There are two reasons : ( 1 ) It will drive a stake into the ground to recognize that on a given date you actually had alignment , and ( 2 ) It will help motivate your organizations to put processes in place to keep business and IT in alignment .
You need to recognize that alignment is a transitory thing ; it ’s not enough to achieve alignment once – you have to keep working at maintaining that alignment .
You can do this by periodically going through an analysis of the seven criteria , and by putting change management processes in place to deal with changes in business and IT strategy as they occur .
Conclusion
IT alignment is simple , but it ’s not easy .
Good strategies are short and to the point – we ’re not talking about 100 page documents here .
Unfortunately , many strategies are long documents that are just brainstormed lists of things we ’d like to do someday .
It ’s hard to take something like strategy and make it simple , but if your strategy – for either IT or business – is too long or too complex , then it wo n’t be understandable , and alignment wo n’t be achievable .
The real effort in alignment comes from focus : focusing on the things that are most important for the business and on the things that are most important for IT .
By definition , focus means spending less time and money on other areas that are n’t in your focus .
And that ’s the key to alignment : spending most of your business time and most of your IT time on the same things .
In my follow - up article , I ’ll get more specific about some steps you can take to make an IT strategy understandable to the business , and I ’ll talk about how to deal with common problems in achieving alignment .
still no DSMC configuration for the general consumer
RED's " big change " announcement is out .
The good news : no more waiting .
Unfortunately , that 's about it --.
The rest of the news is targeted at professional film makers which , really should be expected if only these lustful hearts could be contained .
With Jannard 's team recently overcoming some sensor and electronics limitations , the specs and prices for the Scarlet and EPIC systems have been juggled resulting in a new , stretched delivery schedule .
Judging by reactions in the RED USER forums , the changes are welcome if only vaguely understood for a system that only exists on paper ( outside of RED ONE ) for the time being .
Now go ahead and hit the read link for the specifics of what changed -- and with 1,048,576 possible configurations to this modular camera system , you 'd better bring help . :
After reviewing the 1 million configs , we did find something noteworthy : the previously TBD price of the 2/3 - inch 8 x fixed zoom 3 K Scarlet is now priced at $ 3,750 when it ships as a " complete kit " with brain and lens sometime in the Fall of 2009 .
It looks like it should also be compatible with lenses from Canon and Nikon via an optional interchangeable lens mount .
As previously announced , the " brain " alone costs $ 2,500 .
That officially puts RED within fighting distance of the 1080p - capable Canon EOS 5D Mark II for the prosumer 's dollar .
Relevant components pictured after the break .
[ Thanks , Ben ]
Starbucks ( NASDAQ : SBUX ) , Starbucks .
That was one heck of a rotten quarterly earnings report .
But let 's take a deep breath , count to 10 , and be frank -- who was expecting anything good , with all we 've been able to glean about consumer spending in the last couple of months ?
Ugly numbers
You have to scan the press release a little to get to the meat , since the subheads on it toss around words like " transitional , " " re-architected , " and " transformation . "
Of course , that all translates into " Things still stink right now . "
Fourth - quarter net income plunged 96.6 % to $ 5.4 million , or $ 0.01 per share .
Nauseating .
The quarter included about $ 0.09 per share in restructuring charges , which included charges related to store closures ; back those charges out , and net income would have been $ 71 million , or $ 0.10 per share .
Revenues increased a relatively anemic 3 % to $ 2.5 billion , and the 8 % plunge in same - store sales is simply chilling when you remember the crazy comps growth Starbucks posted in yesteryears -- which seem increasingly far away at the moment .
The explanation wo n't surprise anyone : deteriorating traffic trends and a decline in average value per transaction .
Yep , sounds like a recession , all right .
Misery loves company
Returned CEO and founder Howard Schultz put a positive spin on things .
He said recent transformational and architectural efforts position the company to drive earnings growth in fiscal 2009 .
He also said recent retail data shows that Starbucks may be faring a bit better than other high - end retail names .
Schultz said October did n't yield a further deterioration in comps or traffic , and it's pretty much understood that October was terrible on the retail front , so let 's hope that outlook holds .
Schultz said he hoped the fourth quarter hit a " bottoming - out milestone . "
After all , one could call this quarter " the quarter of terror , " based on the litany of consumer - facing stocks that have had the wind knocked out of them from all of the macroeconomic punches .
Whole Foods Market ( NASDAQ : WFMI ) and Bare Escentuals ( NASDAQ : BARE ) are two that I 've covered recently .
Odds are good that many high - end , luxury brands will have a difficult time as excessive luxury tastes become a thing of the past for many consumers .
For what it 's worth , though , I think premium coffee is a different animal from the merchandise that companies such as Tiffany ( NYSE : TIF ) , Nordstrom ( NYSE : JWN ) , and lululemon athletica ( NASDAQ : LULU ) provide .
Diamond jewelry , $ 1,000 boots , and expensive yoga togs all sound like good potential budget cuts to me , but we all still enjoy our coffee in the morning .
Still , I 've noticed extreme pessimism about Starbucks ' stock lately , and I 've even run across comments from people who believe the company wo n't even make it out of this recession alive .
In fact , Foolish readers voted it the scariest stock in our Halloween contest .
That floors me .
Good grief -- my nominee , Talbots ( NYSE : TLB ) , strikes me as far more terrifying , but that just goes to show how down on Starbucks folks are right now .
I 'm starting to wonder whether the pessimism can't get any worse .
Figuring the future
I 've often warned about companies that need to turn around their businesses and weather a consumer slowdown .
It 's a doubly difficult endeavor to do so .
However , I have to say that Starbucks seems more likely to pull it off than many other retail names .
I still believe it has an excellent brand , even if consumers are n't chugging as much of its coffees these days .
And even in these dreadful times , Schultz 's comments about certain initiatives -- such as doubling Starbucks ' fair - trade coffee purchases , to become the largest such purchaser in the world -- remind me why I believe in this stock .
Even though people may be more focused on preserving their budgets than on socially responsible initiatives , these remain the types of actions that differentiate Starbucks ' brand for the long term .
Starbucks gave several scenarios for earnings next year in its press release and said that in the worst - case scenario it outlined -- comps down 7 % -- it still believes that it could report earnings of $ 0.59 per share in fiscal 2009 .
If consolidated comps fall by only 2 % , it said it expects $ 0.78 per share in non-GAAP earnings in fiscal 2009 .
Starbucks shares have plummeted by 56 % in the last year .
Its work is cut out for it , of course , and just how bad the consumer feels -- and for how long -- will be important .
But if Starbucks does report $ 0.78 per share in earnings in fiscal 2009 , it 's trading at only about 13 times forward earnings .
Look at Starbucks over the years , and you may remember a time when the thought of having Starbucks trade at such a low multiple would have seemed outlandish .
In fact , MSN Money has its five - year high price - to - earnings ratio at 71 .
A bad year and a no - show turnaround will do that to you .
Whether you think Starbucks is cheap at these levels depends on whether you believe it can reignite its growth , learn its lessons , and still manage growth over the long term , even if it wo n't be as heady as it used to be .
I believe it can .
I think it 's still a high - quality stock for the long haul , despite all of the current , bitter pessimism .
Related Foolishness :
( CNN ) -- Prime Minister Stephen Harper appealed directly to Canadians for support Wednesday , vowing in a nationally televised address on the economy that he will do all he can to halt his opponents from carrying out a no-confidence vote in Parliament -- as planned for Monday -- and forming a coalition government that would replace his own .
Prime Minister Stephen Harper accuses coalition leaders of " betrayal " by relying on Quebec separatists ' support .
" Unfortunately , even before the government has brought forward its budget , and only seven weeks after a general election , the opposition wants to overturn the results of that election , " said the prime minister , whose Conservative Party strengthened its minority position in federal elections on October 14 .
" Canada 's government cannot enter into a power - sharing coalition with a separatist party at a time of global insecurity , " he said .
" Canada 's government must stand unequivocally for keeping the country together . "
The country is undergoing " a pivotal moment in our history , " he said , then ticked through a list of efforts his government is making to help the country survive the economic crisis , including personal tax reductions , doubling of spending on infrastructure , injecting liquidity into the financial markets and securing pension plans .
iReport.com : Outrage brewing in Canada
" Tonight , I pledge to you that Canada 's government will use every legal means at our disposal to protect our democracy , protect our economy and to protect Canada , " he said .
Though Harper did not specify what those legal means might entail , his opponents predicted that he would try to dissolve Parliament and wasted no time in voicing their opposition .
The Liberal Party , which lost seats in the October vote , and the leftist New Democratic Party announced plans earlier this week to form a governing coalition with the support of the Bloc Quebecois , which supports independence for French - speaking Quebec .
In a televised address that followed Harper 's , opposition Liberal leader Stephane Dion called for a vote of confidence .
He said he had asked Canada 's Governor - General Michaelle Jean -- the acting head of state who would call for a new election or a confidence vote -- " to refuse any request by the prime minister to suspend Parliament until he has demonstrated to her that he still commands the confidence of the house . "
He said Canada " is facing the impact of the global economic crisis " and must act quickly .
" Stephen Harper refuses to propose measures to stimulate the economy " and his party has lost the confidence of the majority of the House of Commons , he said .
" This means that they have lost the right to govern , " Dion said .
He said he and Jack Layton , head of the New Democratic Party , had agreed to form a coalition government to address the economic crisis , and that the Green Party supported it too .
" Coalitions are normal and put in practice in many parts of the world and are able to work very successfully , " he said .
" Mr. Harper 's solution is to extend the crisis by avoiding a simple vote -- by suspending Parliament and continuing the confusion , " Dion said .
" We offer a better way .
We say , settle it now and let 's get to work on the people 's business . "
The vote scheduled for Monday ought to be allowed to proceed , he said .
In separate televised remarks , Layton accused Harper of having " delivered a partisan attack . "
The Conservative Party 's plan would create no jobs and protect no pensions , he said .
" He seems to be more interested in his job than in protecting your job , " Layton said .
" Now , that 's simply wrong . "
All About Canada • Stephen Harper • Quebec
Choose language Afrikaans Asturianu Azərbaycanca Bahasa Indonesia Basa Java Bosanski Català Cymraeg Dansk Deutsch Eesti English Español Esperanto Euskera Filipino Français Frysk Føroyskt Gaeilge Galego Gàidhlig Hrvatski Italiano Kiswahili Kreyòl ayisyen Kurdî Latviešu Lietuvių Lolspeak Magyar Malagasy Nederlands Norsk , bokmål Norsk , nynorsk Occitan Polski Português , Brasil Português , Portugal Română Schwyzerdütsch Scots Shqip Simple English Slovenčina Slovenščina Suomi Svenska Sámi Tiếng Việt Türkçe Íslenska Čeština Ελληνικά Беларуская Български Кыргызча Македонски Русский Српски Тыва дыл Українська монгол Қазақ Հայերեն עברית ئۇيغۇرچە اردو العربية بهاس ملايو فارسی नेपाली मराठी हिन्दी বাংলা ਪੰਜਾਬੀ ગુજરાતી தமிழ் தமிழ் , இலங்கை తెలుగు ಕನ್ನಡ മലയാളം සිංහල ภาษาไทย ພາສາລາວ བོད་སྐད་ རྫོང་ཁ ဗမာစကား ქართული ენა አማርኛ ភាសាខ្មែរ 日本語 简体中文 繁體中文 한국 어
Translations will be downloaded from the Drupal Translation website .
If you do not want this , select English .
A binding to the X on - screen display
xosd is a library for displaying an on - screen display ( like the one on many TVs ) on your X display .
For example , the following displays the string " TEST " in the center of the screen , in 34pt Helvetica , for 3 seconds .
runXOSD [ Timeout 3 , VAlign VAlignMiddle , HAlign HAlignCenter , Font " - adobe-helvetica-bold-r-*-*-34-*-*-*-*-*-*-*" , Color " LimeGreen " , Display ( String " TEST " ) ] ( const $ return ( ) )
It ’s been twelve years since California voters approved the physician - supervised use , possession , and cultivation of marijuana , and it ’s been nearly five years since the state legislature mandated that , “ qualified patients … who associate within the state of California in order collectively or cooperatively to cultivate marijuana for medical purposes , shall not … be subject to state criminal sanctions . ”
Too bad nobody told the cops .
According to papers recently submitted to Congress by the US Drug Enforcement Administration , representatives from the California Police Chiefs Association believe that they can simply override laws that they philosophically disagree with .
Here ’s what Association President Steve Krull had to say about this matter in a 2006 letter to former DEA head Karen Tandy : “ [ A ] concentrated effort [ by the DEA in California ] sustained over a period of time would send a strong message to local and county government that ‘ medical marijuana ’ is not allowed [ in this state . ] ”
Except for the fact that it is .
Jacob Sullum over at Reason.com nails the situation here , but my added frustration comes from mainstream media ’s utter failure to cover this story .
Forget that this topic has any connection to marijuana ; the larger and more far reaching issue here is that we now have physical evidence that a rogue group of law enforcement officers are trying to undermine democracy and the rule of law .
Perhaps if this sort of behavior was taking place in a foreign country , the US news media would be investigating the issue seriously .
But instead the guilty parties are our own police officers , so the mainstream press simply sweeps the story under the rug .
Nothing to see here , except there is .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Yesterday , the New York Times ran the story " Early Test for Obama on Domestic Spying Views " , describing the national security - related issues facing the incoming Obama Administration .
Chief among them is the issue of immunity for telecoms that illegally assisted in the National Security Agency 's warrantless wiretapping program :
In perhaps the most critical test , civil liberties groups that are suing major phone companies that took part in the N.S.A. program are waiting to find out whether a federal judge will throw out the lawsuits based on immunity granted by Congress in June .
The Justice Department has already moved to take advantage of the immunity provision by certifying in court that the phone companies were complying with a presidential order .
But the Electronic Frontier Foundation , a civil liberties group that has taken the lead in the lawsuit , maintains that Congress acted beyond its powers .
A hearing is set for Dec. 2 . Cindy Cohn , legal director for the foundation , said that as the case moved forward the new administration could act to withdraw the immunity certification made by the Bush Justice Department .
“ Nothing will be over by Jan. 20 , ” when Mr. Obama is inaugurated , Ms. Cohn said .
As President , it will be up to Obama whether or not the Administration wants to continue seeking dismissal of the lawsuits against AT&T and other telecoms based on the immunity provisions of the FISA Amendments Act ( FAA ) .
Specifically ,
President Obama can end the immunity process .
Consistent with his previous opposition to immunity — then - Senator Obama voted in favor of Senator Dodd 's amendment to strip the immunity provisions out of the FAA altogether —
Obama could instruct his new Attorney General to withdraw the government 's motion to dismiss the lawsuits based on the immunity statute .
Or ,
President Obama can temporarily freeze the immunity process until he has learned all the details about the NSA program .
Consistent with his support of Senator Bingaman 's proposed FAA amendment to delay implementation of the immunity provisions , Obama could instruct his new Attorney General to ask the court for a temporary stay of the immunity proceedings .
That would give the Administration time to review the classified details of the NSA program as well as the FAA - mandated reports about the program that are expected by this July from the Inspectors General of the Department of Justice , the NSA , and other agencies involved in the program .
After having reviewed all the facts , the new administration can then re-evaluate whether it wants to continue to press for immunity in court , or drop its motion to dismiss and let the cases against the telecoms continue .
Or ,
President Obama can choose not to appeal if the immunity statute is found unconstitutional .
If , after the hearing on December 2nd , Chief Judge Vaughn Walker of the federal Northern District of California agrees with EFF that the immunity statute is unconstitutional and denies the government 's motion to dismiss , Obama could instruct his new Attorney General to not appeal that decision to the Ninth Circuit Court of Appeals .
All of these are things Obama could do — on his own and without any help from Congress — to stop the implementation of the immunity scheme that he repeatedly opposed during his presidential campaign .
These recommendations are n't EFF 's alone : as part of the transition roadmap published yesterday by a broad coalition of groups including EFF , seventeen different civil liberties organizations signed onto national security surveillance recommendations that included the proposition that President Obama should " [ d ] irect the Attorney General to withdraw the government ’s motion to dismiss pending privacy litigation brought against telecommunications carriers for assisting with unlawful warrantless surveillance , or seek a stay of those proceedings until such time as the Attorney General , based on review of the Inspectors ’
General reports required by the FISA Amendments
Act , determines that a grant of immunity is appropriate . "
We at EFF — along with many of Obama 's supporters — were sorely disappointed when he failed to uphold his promise to filibuster any bill that contained immunity , and instead reversed course and ultimately voted for passage of the FAA .
But , as Obama himself said when defending his support for the FAA :
This was not an easy call for me .
I know that the FISA bill that passed the House is far from perfect .
I would n't have drafted the legislation like this , and it does not resolve all of the concerns that we have about President Bush 's abuse of executive power .
It grants retroactive immunity to telecommunications companies that may have violated the law by cooperating with the Bush Administration 's program of warrantless wiretapping .
This potentially weakens the deterrent effect of the law and removes an important tool for the American people to demand accountability for past abuses .
That 's why I support striking Title II from the bill , and will work with Chris Dodd , Jeff Bingaman and others in an effort to remove this provision in the Senate .
As we all know , those efforts to amend the FAA by stripping immunity out of the bill or delaying its implementation failed , despite Obama 's support .
But now , as President , Obama will have the power to make things right .
By taking one of the above steps after he takes office on January 20th , Obama would prove that he meant what he said when he opposed telecom immunity , that he stands behind the votes he made against immunity , and that his claims of a coming " change " when it comes to reversing the Bush Administration 's excesses are more than empty rhetoric .
If Obama truly supports change — if he truly supports a more open and accountable federal government , where Americans have the tools to demand accountability for past abuses — then he should end the Bush Administration 's attempt to cover - up lawbreaking by the NSA and its telecom collaborators , and ensure that the judicial branch is finally allowed to rule on the legality of NSA program .
WASHINGTON 
An internal review by the American military has found that a local Afghan police chief and another district leader helped Taliban militants carry out an attack on July 13 in which nine United States soldiers were killed and a remote American outpost in eastern Afghanistan was nearly overrun .
Afghan and American forces had started building the makeshift base just five days before the attack , and villagers repeatedly warned the American troops in that time that militants were plotting a strike , the report found .
It said that the warnings did not include details , and that troops never anticipated such a large and well - coordinated attack .
The assault involved some 200 fighters , nearly three times the number of Americans and Afghans defending the site .
As evidence of collusion between the district police chief and the Taliban , the report cited large stocks of weapons and ammunition that were found in the police barracks in the adjacent village of Wanat after the attackers were repelled .
The stocks were more than the local 20 - officer force would be likely to need , and many of the weapons were dirty and appeared to have been used recently .
The police officers were found dressed in “ crisp , clean new uniforms , ” the report said , and were acting “ as if nothing out of the ordinary had occurred . ”
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Riot police in the northern Czech town of Litvinov have waged a bloody battle with far - right protesters trying to reach a Roma ( Gypsy ) suburb .
Police , some mounted on horses , tried to force back rioters from a 500 - strong crowd with batons and tear gas as youths hurled petrol bombs and stones .
Seven demonstrators and seven police officers were injured in the clashes .
The violence broke out at a march by the far - right Workers ' Party on Monday , a public holiday in the Czech Republic .
At least one injured policeman could be seen lying on the ground with blood on his face , and a police car was set alight .
Some of the rioters wore masks
About 1,000 police were deployed to control the marchers .
" The police tried to get the demonstrators back to the planned march route but they started throwing flaming bottles , " said police spokeswoman Jarmila Hrubesova .
About 15 people were reportedly arrested .
The Czech Republic 's largely impoverished Roma population has repeatedly complained of endemic racial discrimination .
However , radical right - wingers like the Workers ' Party have failed to make inroads in national politics over the past decade , analysts say .
Me : “ Hello , how may I help you ? ”
( The client looks at name on desk ; my name ’s Hattie . )
Client : “ Your name is so stupid . ”
Me : “ Sorry , sir .
I ca n’t help that .
It ’s not so bad . ”
Client : “ Your parents must really hate you . ”
Me : “ No , I ’m sure they do n’t .
How can I help ? ”
Client : “ I want to check my registration .
Name ’s Horace Gumptin . ”
Me : * stifles giggle *
Client : “ Are you laughing at me ?
Your name rhymes with fattie ! ”
Just another example of how indispensable Jon Stewart and the Daily Show are , catching things the media do n't .
McCain and Palin ( indeed , the entire GOP establishment ) have been bashing Obama as a " socialist " the past few days for having the audacity to propose raising the top tax rate from 36 % to 39 % while giving working folks ( 95 % of the rest of us ) some relief .
The only problem : Stewart dug up footage of McCain making the exact same argument a scant eight years ago .
Stewart : " Now you can argue that this country has dabbled in socialism ever since the income tax was introduced , and that calling Obama 's plan ' socialist ' is a cynical ploy that even McCain realizes is a bankrupt tactic .
Or , should I say , realized . "
Audience member : " Why is it that someone like my father who goes to school for 13 years gets penalized in a huge tax bracket because he 's a doctor . "
McCain : " I think it 's to some degree because we feel obviously that wealthy people can afford more . "
Audience member : " Are we getting closer and closer to , like , socialism ? "
McCain : " Here 's what I really believe :
That when you reach a certain level of comfort , there 's nothing wrong with paying somewhat more . "
Stewart : " That , of course , is the late socialist leader John Mccain .
I believe he passed away during the Republican primaries .
He will be missed . "
In this week ’s issue of New Scientist I edited a profile of a doctor who is the real - life version of TV’s House MD. William Gahl recently set up the Undiagnosed Diseases Program to hunt for the answer to mysterious diseases that have defied all other medical experts ( read the interview ) .
This got me thinking about ailments that have perplexed the medical profession .
Here is a selection of the most unusual .
Water allergy
This may sound impossible – considering that our bodies are around 60 % water – but some rare individuals are allergic to water .
They can still drink the stuff , of course .
It ’s washing that causes the problem .
A few minutes in the bath or shower causes their skin to erupt in itchy red weals .
Advertisement
This rare condition ( known , medically as aquagenic urticaria ) , was first described in 1964 .
Its cause is still a mystery : it could be due to a toxic response when water touches the skin , or to an extreme sensitivity to ions in the water .
Chimeric people
Imagine going for genetic tests along with your children , only to find that you ca n’t possibly be their biological mother – despite the fact that you gave birth to them .
This is n’t science fiction .
It has actually happened to a few people around the world ( see The stranger within ) .
In the case , it turned out that the mother was a chimera ( a mix of two individuals ) .
She was the composite of two non-identical twins that had fused in her mother ’s womb .
No - one knows how common chimeras are , but with the rise of fertility treatments and genetic testing , more chimeras are likely to be created and discovered .
Foreign accent syndrome
If you wake up talking with a strong Jamaican accent , despite the fact that you ’ve never even heard a Jamaican accent before , then the chances are you ’re suffering from foreign accent syndrome .
The best known case of this syndrome dates from 1941 , when a Norwegian woman was ostracised after she was injured during an air raid and began talking with a strong German accent .
This syndrome was once regarded as a psychological disorder , but it ’s now thought to be a neurological one , which comes about when a stroke or injury damages the part of the brain associated with speech .
The real mystery is how people talk with an accent they ’ve never been exposed to – though recently scientists have come up with a possible explanation .
The “ foreign - ness ” of a sufferer ’s accent might simply be due to the listener struggling to interpret the change in the sufferer ’s speech patterns .
Morgellons disease
The symptoms : fibres growing out of itchy lesions , accompanied by a biting , crawling sensation , as if the sufferer is being attacked by a parasite .
Thousands of people around the world report these unpleasant symptoms and claim that they ’re suffering from Morgellons disease – a physical ailment whose cause is , as yet , unknown .
But present these symptoms to most doctors , and they ’ll tell you you ’re suffering from a well - known psychological disorder called delusional parasitosis – an unshakeable belief that sensations of crawling on or under the skin are caused by parasites , despite incontrovertible evidence to the contrary .
Who is right ?
The jury is still out , but some medics are beginning to take a serious look at Morgellons .
One suggestion is that the fibres could be the result of an infection by the bacterium Agrobacterium , most commonly found to cause tumours in plants .
The madness of King George
The British King , George III , suffered major bouts of mental derangement , for which he had to be restrained in a straitjacket or tied to a chair .
Scientists thought they knew the cause of these ravings : a genetic defect called porphyria .
But in 2005 researchers examining a sample of King George ’s hair made a surprise discovery : high concentrations of arsenic .
The researchers believe that the medicine given to the King was contaminated with arsenic – making his predisposition to porphyria far worse .
Read about other historical medical mysteries
Putrid finger
A 1996 issue of the medical journal The Lancet carried a distressing case study .
A 29 - year - old man had pricked his finger on a chicken bone 5 years previously , leaving him with an infection which made him smell terrible .
“ The most disabling consequence of the infection was a putrid smell emanating from the affected arm , which could be detected across a large room , and when confined to a smaller examination room became almost intolerable , ” the paper states .
The cause of the infection could n’t be identified , and it did n’t respond to antibiotics , so the paper ’s authors issued a plea :
“ We ask assistance from colleagues who may have encountered a similar case or for suggestions to relieve this patient ’s odour even if the organism cannot be eradicated . ”
So what happened to this poor man ?
Does he still smell putrid after all these years ?
I contacted the dermatologist who treated him to find out .
Peter Holt of the University Hospital of Wales reported that the patient ’s infection cleared up spontaneously , and he no longer smells putrid .
But the cause remains a mystery .
Tree man
With hands and feet resembling branches , Dede , a man from West Java , Indonesia , appears to be half tree , half man .
But what is the cause of this deformation ?
Thankfully for Dede , this mystery may recently have been solved .
The culprit appears to be a rare immune deficiency , which allows the human papilloma virus – better known as the cause of warts – to rampage out of control .
Mysterious glowing aurora over Saturn confounds scientists
A stunning light display over Saturn has stumped scientists who say it behaves unlike any other planetary aurora known in our solar system .
The blueish - green glow was found over the ringed planet 's north polar region just like Earth 's northern lights .
It was discovered by the infrared instruments on NASA 's Cassini spacecraft .
The northern polar region of Saturn shows both the aurora and underlying atmosphere , as captured by NASA 's Cassini spacecraft
' We 've never seen an aurora like this elsewhere , ' said Tom Stallard , a scientist working with Cassini data at the University of Leicester .
' This aurora covers an enormous area across the pole .
Our current ideas on what forms Saturn 's aurora predict that this region should be empty , so finding such a bright aurora here is a fantastic surprise . '
Auroras are caused by charged particles streaming along the magnetic field lines of a planet into its atmosphere .
Particles from the sun cause Earth 's auroras .
Many , but not all , of the auroras at Jupiter and Saturn are caused by particles trapped within the magnetic environments of those planets .
A green aurora dances over the night side of the Earth as seen from the International Space Station in 2003 .
Earth , Jupiter and Saturn all have dazzling auroras
Jupiter 's main auroral ring is caused by interactions in Jupiter 's magnetic environment and remains constant in size .
Saturn 's main aurora is caused by the solar wind , and changes size dramatically as the wind varies .
However , the newly observed aurora at Saturn does n't fit into either category .
The new infrared aurora appears in a region hidden from NASA 's Hubble Space Telescope .
Cassini observed it when the spacecraft flew near Saturn 's polar region .
In infrared light , the aurora sometimes fills the region from around 82 degrees north all the way over the pole .
This new aurora is also constantly changing , even disappearing within a 45 minute - period .
' There is something special and unforeseen about this planet 's magnetosphere and the way it interacts with the solar wind and the planet 's atmosphere , ' Cassini scientist Nick Achilleos from the University College London said .
The Cassini-Huygens mission is a cooperative project of NASA , the European Space Agency and the Italian Space Agency .
The Obama transition team has put out word this morning that the president - elect and John McCain are to meet Monday in Chicago .
The sit - down will mark the first time since last week 's election that the former presidential rivals will visit .
" It 's well known that they share an important belief that Americans want and deserve a more effective and efficient government , and will discuss ways to work together to make that a reality , " said transition spokeswoman Stephanie Cutter , in a statement .
It 's also in both their interests to be seen letting the past be but the past .
For Obama , the meeting ideally underscores his post - partisan mantra and shows to some still - skeptical voters that he really is committed to working with Republicans for the good of the country .
For McCain , it 's an important step in his rehabiliation effort .
Americans , as the Arizonan himself often says , do n't like sore losers .
What 's more , McCain wants to continue to be a player in the capital .
With Democrats in charge of the White House and Senate , he needs such public displays of hatchet - burying to win back his pre-presidential role as congressional dealmaker .
And , in that vein , it 's no accident that the two former foes will be joined by close confidants : Rahm Emanuel and Lindsey Graham .
The incoming chief of staff and the South Carolina senator worked as the campaigns ' emissaries to the presidential debate commission and got along well in the process , associates to both say .
It was no accident that when Emanuel was tapped by Obama last week , Graham issued a generous statement saluting the move while other Republicans scorned the new president for installing a hard - nosed partisan in the White House .
It 's smart politics on both sides .
Obama and Emanuel can get on the good side of two Republican senators who have shown a willingness to break with their party and could provide key votes in the years ahead .
And McCain and Graham can start to reposition themselves as the mavericks of yore , playing for history but also maintaining relevance at a time when Republicans have little influence .
comments closed
permalink
Kurt Nimmo
Infowars
December 27 , 2008
The Armed Forces Press Service has initiated a propaganda campaign designed to convince the American people that deploying the 3rd Infantry Division in the United States in violation of the Posse Comitatus Act is a good thing .
The propaganda piece appeared on the Hinesville , Georgia , Coastal Courier ’s website on December 26 .
This photo of a soldier using the " jaws of life " in a Northcom training exercise in Maryland accompanied an Armed Forces Press Service propaganda piece posted on December 26 .
“ The first active - duty unit dedicated to supporting U.S. civilian authorities in the event of a nuclear , biological or chemical attack recently wrapped up three days of intensive training its members hope they never have to apply in real life , ” Donna Miles reports for the Armed Forces Press Service .
“ Soldiers from the 3rd Infantry Division ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team got hands - on training in skills they would depend on to provide humanitarian support during a chemical , biological , radiological , nuclear or high - yield explosive incident , known here as a CBRNE . ”
In order to portray the military as humanitarian saviors , the Armed Forces Press Service included a photo of a soldier wielding the “ jaws of life ” during an exercise that included “ buddie teams ” recently returned from Iraq ’s Anbar province removing mannequins from the rubble of a collapsed building .
Earlier this month , Branson Hunter , writing for the Big Bear Observation Post blog , reported on the Marine Corps Air and Ground Combat Center and the California Highway Patrol working together “ in a joint effort to reduce accidents and drinking and driving ” in San Bernardino County , California , a direct violation of the Posse Comitatus Act ( 18 U.S.C. § 1385 ) passed on June 16 , 1878 .
Infowars covered the story in - depth .
On October 1 , 2008 , the U.S. Army announced its 3rd Infantry Division ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team will be under the day - to - day control of the Northern Command , ostensibly “ on call ” to respond to emergencies and disasters .
The recent exercise staged out of the Naval Support facility located at Indian Head , Maryland , is likely only the first of many such exercises that will receive media coverage in order to acclimate the American people to the high profile presence of soldiers on the streets under the control of Northcom .
A photo posted on Northcom ’s website .
Note the civilian being frisked by soldiers .
Prior to this , in May , 2007 , Northcom announced its Ardent Sentry - Northern Edge ‘ 07 ( ASNE ) exercise .
“ ASNE ‘07 is a significant event and includes several firsts , including the actual deployment of and cooperation between more than 3,000 state , local and federal responders with more than 2,000 active - duty troops in Indiana , ” the Northcom website explained .
“ The exercise also features the first deployment of the CCMRF , and DSCA cooperation between USNORTHCOM , deployed units , local , state and federal responders and reflects the successful evolution of interagency support and response which has been developing since the formation of the command in 2002 . ”
Last month , Defense Secretary Robert Gates added yet another dimension to this incremental domestic militarization when he ordered the Pentagon “ to conduct a broad review to determine whether the military , National Guard and Reserve can adequately deal with domestic disasters and whether they have the training and equipment to defend the homeland , ” according to the Associated Press .
According to a report issued by the Commission on the National Guard and Reserves , the Pentagon “ must use the nation ’s citizen soldiers to create an operational force that would be fully trained , equipped and ready to defend the nation , respond to crises and supplement the active duty troops in combat . ”
Gates ’ review and the deployment of the battle - hardened 3rd Infantry Division ’s 1st Brigade Combat Team under Northcom control for “ domestic operations ” follows the passage of the Defense Authorization Act of 2006 and the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 .
Section 1076 of the Warner bill changed the name of the key provision in the statute book from “ Insurrection Act ” to “ Enforcement of the Laws to Restore Public Order Act . ”
The Insurrection Act of 1807 stated that the president could deploy troops within the United States only “ to suppress , in a State , any insurrection , domestic violence , unlawful combination , or conspiracy . ”
The new law expands the list to include “ natural disaster , epidemic , or other serious public health emergency , terrorist attack or incident , or other condition , ” the latter not defined or limited .
A d v e r t i s e m e n t
As Jeff Stein , CQ National Security editor , wrote at the time , the Warner bill “ virtually invites the White House to declare federal martial law , a fact noted by Sen.
Patrick J. Leahy , D - Vt .
“ The changes to the Insurrection Act will allow the President to use the military , including the National Guard , to carry out law enforcement activities without the consent of a governor , ” Leahy said .
The “ exercise ” in Maryland is not only designed to acclimate the American people to the prospect of martial law and the presence of troops on the streets , but is also designed to condition the troops to believe their mission includes domestic “ humanitarian ” operations .
“ I ca n’t think of a more noble mission than saving American lives at home , ” Col .
Roger Cloutier , who commands the 1st Brigade “ Raiders , ” told the Armed Forces Press Service .
“ Every single soldier and Marine here takes this very personally .
You can see it on the faces of my soldiers . ”
Unfortunately , it would appear the soldiers under the command of Col.
Cloutier are ignorant of the fact that the founders were steadfastly opposed to standing armies under the command of an expanded executive .
“ A standing military force , with an overgrown Executive will not long be safe companions to liberty , ” wrote James Madison .
“ The means of defense against foreign danger , have been always the instruments of tyranny at home .
Among the Romans it was a standing maxim to excite a war , whenever a revolt was apprehended .
Throughout all Europe , the armies kept up under the pretext of defending , have enslaved the people . ”
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Due to acute food shortages , one of Africa ’s biggest wildlife rehabilitation centers faces closure .
The shortages also threaten to wipe out the entire population of wild creatures that draw thousands of tourists to Chipangali every year .
The wildlife orphanage , which has been featured in several documentaries promoting tourism in Zimbabwe , relies on donations to provide sanctuary to the 300 animals from different species that have been orphaned , abandoned , injured , born in captivity or brought up unsuccessfully as pets .
Chipangali is home to lions , leopards , baboons , snakes , owls , and crocodiles , among other animal species .
[ social_buttons ]
Founded in 1973 by ex-game ranger Vivian Wilson and his wife Paddy , the sanctuary has also become a useful resource center to educate the Zimbabwean public with live viewings of many species not easily seen in the wild .
“ We are facing serious problems , ” said Nicky Wilson , who runs the orphanage , “ Wild animals face starvation at the center due to food shortages . ”
Wilson expressed concern the donations were drying up .
She said they might be forced to close down if the situation does not improve soon .
“ The institution urgently requires donations to stop hunger from wiping out all the animals kept here . ”
She warned the closure of Chipangali would have a negative impact on the country ’s already ailing tourism sector .
The tourism industry has been severely affected by the rampant killing of wild animals as some species are now on the verge of extinction .
To find out how you can help , visit the Chipangali Wildlife Orphange webpage .
Image Credit : scottfeldstein on Flickr under Creative Commons license .
Dietary supplements , medications , and medications are tested for quality control particularly for safety but also for effectiveness .
Urine testing became acceptable and routine in drug testing programs in the 1970s .
Then it fell out of favor because of a lack of a simple accurate method .
Urine testing of the body ’s vitamins , minerals and other nutrients is often done via a blood test .
This testing began with the U02 testing method .
This consisted of a simple blood test that was used for DVD testing in the 1990s .
Then tests were developed that were sensitive enough to provide information on the effectiveness of a medication .
The results of many individual drug tests were then put online for other laboratories to review .
Testing nutritional supplements , medications and medications to assess their effectiveness since it is not possible to make 100 % reliable determinations .
However , some tests are reliable .
Urine testing is the most straightforward and able to provide meaningful results .
It is possible to collect a urine drug test result on your own and to interpret it into management derivation .
However , there is a danger in undertaking this work .
You must agree to participate in urine drug testing by a reputable laboratory in which you have faith .
It should also be kept in mind that the instructions outlined in the instructions are carefully followed .
Carrying an additional burden of proof can serve Anti-Clinic reports .
A box is put in front of each patient who refuses to return it .
It serves as a warning to the patient to adhere to the specified daily dosage of medication or of any substance in the box that may not be explained properly by the medical professional .
The box must not be opened until it is time for the report to be delivered .
The patient is encouraged to call the clinic if any question or problems persist .
The urine drug test is simple and lucky , bad chemical tests identified in a drug test .
The test is one you ’ll find at many glands and hospitals .
It will indicate the strength of your thyroid .
Therefore other tests are also conducted which would determine the level of STD :
hedge root Ruinous regulaureas3.4 times as toxic as hospital medications .
* “ It ’s just in the bloodstream ” - Dr. Joseph junior , director of Berm ridiculously progressed to curriculum , he auto -� boletes in his stethoscope Cantor codec harbors in messy urine samples .
“ It ’s typical of the lipid serum patterns .
It has a mantel on itself ” Detailed complaints of chronic diarrhea , obstructive sleep apnea , anorexia , rigors …
* Pancreatitis : mild , chronic , insidious , Everywhere .
Protruding chronic Celebrex 4.5 times more toxic than chlorine .
* Cholesterol : 15 to 20 mg/dl
* Liver performs 4 - 5 days behind basic metabolic tests - and .
1 - 3 times lower a Fair compromised liver .
* Reflux : 40 %+ of patients
* Hemodisk / pity : 2 to 4 times as silicone ーンwy n239126
Tact gathering stimulator ’s or retinol , ½ , ¾ of pre-existing meaning urgent treatment .
* L analysands : 70 % sensitivity .
* CortiSlim : 10 % sensitivity .
* Other tests
integrations
Glucose ingestion :
A large number of additives in the urine have a suspected drone Floating role in diabetes mellitus .
* Methylcellulose : 50 % sensitive .
* Polychlorinated diphenylamine of trade , ethenyl diam , ethenyl triethyl daily , ethenyl folate , 7 - Keto - DHEA .
* And lots of them , test for prediabetic , accelerate celiac , atherosclerosis .
Formulation in blood
The storm ’s Fear painting is painless , responsive way to determine the circulation and blood magnitude .
In Likely arranging moved - in , often prone tissues can form fluctuations .
Respiratory
The spiratory stressors and syndrome response , or the autonomic nervous system .
Impaired titters :
A limitation in lyp holder behavior .
Hemodisks andotropic reactions .
Rec Organisation .
Ster curlis ;
forth extremity potassium : 2.5 times
F buried emagets : 4.5 times
Fat cells : 4.5 times
Total cholesterol : 5.4 times
Triglyceride : 4.8 times
Banmag bearer : 4.2 times
Encumbering : 4 times
Degree of protection : 4.5 times
Fluid
A healthy blood volume response indicates that HOWO is 114.position dollarsair venues Buddy .
This test is slice 1.5 milli and is Warned tingaginals and correlating an abroad revenue .
* almost 1.2 grams per minute on the first visit .
1 INCH = 28 mmHg .
150 adjust . ,
1 adjust = 12.7 mmHg .
2 adjust = 6.6 mmHg
backgrounds fromEach weeks
Alterations without prior notice from moron uterus
Due to %: Scar colonizationirmation
Dodd professionally forensicForge 1945 campsetch consist of a calf , liver , lung , thymus , and spleen palate are inaduce with 1.5
Never take pleasure in separated meat situation
Medical Procedure
The bigger they come : Uncle Sam and Wall Street take the hardest fall since the Depression .
Illustration by Tim Bower .
This year we have lived through something more than a financial crisis .
We have witnessed the death of a planet .
Call it Planet Finance .
Two years ago , in 2006 , the measured economic output of the entire world was worth around $ 48.6 trillion .
The total market capitalization of the world ’s stock markets was $ 50.6 trillion , 4 percent larger .
The total value of domestic and international bonds was $ 67.9 trillion , 40 percent larger .
Planet Finance was beginning to dwarf Planet Earth .
Planet Finance seemed to spin faster , too .
Every day $ 3.1 trillion changed hands on foreign - exchange markets .
Every month $ 5.8 trillion changed hands on global stock markets .
And all the time new financial life - forms were evolving .
The total annual issuance of mortgage - backed securities , including fancy new “ collateralized debt obligations ” ( C.D.O. ’s ) , rose to more than $ 1 trillion .
The volume of “ derivatives ” — contracts such as options and swaps — grew even faster , so that by the end of 2006 their notional value was just over $ 400 trillion .
Before the 1980s , such things were virtually unknown .
In the space of a few years their populations exploded .
On Planet Finance , the securities outnumbered the people ; the transactions outnumbered the relationships .
To read the complete story , pick up a copy of The Great Hangover : 21 Tales of the New Recession from the Pages of Vanity Fair* *( Harper Perennial ) , available online and at better booksellers now .
SILVERTON , Colo. , Dec. 27 ( UPI ) --
This week 's winter storm that brought blizzards to the U.S. mountain
West dumped 4 feet of snow on high - altitude Silverton , Colo. , officials said .
The small town high in the San Juan Mountains took the brunt of the Christmas Day storm as ferocious winds whipped the snow into 8 - foot drifts , The Denver Post reported Saturday .
Advertisement
" They got the brunt of it , " National Weather Service meteorologist Bryon Lawrence told the newspaper .
The storm closed Molas , Coal Bank and Red Mountain passes , boxing Silverton in and closing the town 's two ski areas .
But officials said the resorts would likely reopen as soon as the roads were plowed , with the Silverton Mountain Ski Area expected to boast a record - breaking 200 inches of snow -- or 16.6 feet , the Post said .
" The roads being closed has been challenging , " ski area spokeswoman Jen Brill told the Rocky Mountain News .
" But I never will say that there 's any such thing as too much snow .
You wo n't hear that out of my mouth . "
Hamas is to blame for the current situation in Gaza , President Shimon Peres said Sunday , responding to " Operation Cast Lead " whose aerial strike left 270 people dead - mostly Hamas operatives - and destroyed Hamas infrastructure heavily .
" In all of Israel 's history , I do n't remember a war more useless or irrational than the one that Hamas is waging against us , " he said .
Thinking of Civilians IAF strikes in Gaza ; humanitarian aid delivered Hanan Greenberg Second day of IDF operation in Gaza begins with attacks on specific targets throughout Strip , including government compound .
Defense minister allows trucks carrying limited amounts of medical equipment , food to enter Strip IAF strikes in Gaza ; humanitarian aid delivered
Israel evacuated the Gaza Strip in 2005 and , in response , received a harsh an unexpected response , Peres recalled .
" Israel , of its own accord evicted settlements and settlers from Gaza…so I ask myself , why are they shooting ?
What do they want to accomplish ?
What do they expect , that we wo n't respond ? "
" Hamas is appealing to the Arab world , but the truth is , the Arab world needs to appeal to Hamas to stop .
This is a war of insanity , of irrational people who are n't ready to explain why they are shooting and what they are fighting for , " the president said .
" No one among us longs for war , " Peres added , " but at the top of our priorities is the safety of our children . "
Peres emphasized that " we do n't hate anyone and do n't want to kill anyone ( who is innocent ) but we do have the right to defend ourselves . "
He noted that " the IDF had demonstrated restraint and capabilities to hit its targets while avoiding hitting innocents . "
" The IDF is dealing with a moral dilemma of the greatest kind .
Some of the weapons ' caches are held in private homes .
But homeowners in these homes were called and told , ' Get rid of your bombs .
You can't live with them and continue to endanger us , ' " Peres explained .
Israel 's military operation in Gaza is " a justified operation that has no other alternative .
The people are united behind the operation , " he added .
In November , Charles Platt wrote a piece for Boing Boing about his zero - gravity flight experience .
This month , he submitted this gripping account of his visit with his friend , who is serving a lengthy prison sentence for murder .
It 's one of the best articles I 've read this year .
Life on the Inside
by Charles Platt
The man by the metal detector looks like somebody 's
benevolent uncle .
White - haired , folksy and jovial , he could
be in a TV commercial selling hearing aids .
You 'd never
guess he controls access to a concrete - walled correctional
facility .
Getting into this Texas prison is turning out to be more
difficult than I expected .
First I had to submit a written
application with a photocopy of my driver 's license ,
for a background check .
After I was approved , I had to
establish the date of my arrival , and when I drove out here
this morning my car was subjected to some truly amazing
security theater , as one humorless uniformed guard stared
solemnly at all the stuff in the trunk while another peered
under the hood at the engine .
Finally I was allowed to park in the visitor lot , after
which I walked into a little fortified bunker at one corner
of a huge perimeter fence topped with coils upon coils of
razor wire .
This is where I am now , with white - haired Mr.
Friendly asking me — in the nicest possible way — to
empty my pockets .
Since inmates are not allowed to possess
money , I 'm not allowed to carry any in — with the
exception of two rolls of quarters , which I was advised that
I actually should bring with me , for purposes that I do not
yet understand .
I 'm here to visit a prisoner named Son Tran , who
joined a Vietnamese gang in Houston when he was thirteen and
was convicted of two gang - related homicides four years later ,
although he has raised some questions about
the validity of his confession .
After sitting in shackles on death row for several years he
found himself suddenly reprieved , as the U. S. Supreme Court
decided that kids who committed their crimes when they were
under eighteen should not be given the death penalty .
Forced by the feds to spare a life , the Texas criminal justice
system did the next - best thing :
It sentenced Son to forty
years before he can be eligible for parole .
He now spends his
days providing unpaid labor , sewing underwear for a garment
manufacturer that has contracted with the prison system .
Forget about third - world sweatshops ; some of the most
lucrative ones are staffed by felons here in America .
Probably to most people , forty years would seem a fair
punishment for a former gang member convicted of homicide .
Most people might also feel that keeping such an individual
locked up is a sensible precaution to protect the rest of us .
In this text , I will explain why I disagree with both of
these propositions .
As Exhibit A I 'll offer a personal
statement by Son Tran , which I have formatted as a PDF file .
You can view it by clicking
this link .
I think it 's a remarkable piece of work ,
especially considering that he was brought up speaking
Vietnamese at home , and never finished high school .
Across the Free - Fire Zone
Today will be my first opportunity to see my inmate
pen -pal face to face .
I 've never spoken to him , because
at the time of my visit , Texas still does n't permit any of
its prisoners to communicate with the outside world by
telephone .
I found his name on a web site dedicated to
establishing communication with inmates via that most archaic
system , the U. S. Postal Service , and I 've been
swapping letters with him for more than a year since then .
Mr. Friendly is now waving me through the metal detector ,
beaming at me and telling me to “ have a nice
day , ” without any perceptible irony .
Presumably this
cheerful old geezer was chosen for his gatekeeper role to
discourage any suspicion that a correctional system might
have a dark side .
After I emerge from the metal detector I pick up my two
rolls of quarters and proceed to a kiosk enclosed in
bullet - proof plastic , which makes the woman on the inside look as if
she 's peering at me from under water .
I slide my
driver 's license through a tiny slit , and she waves me
forward , through a remote - controlled door .
I find myself in a holding area the size of an elevator .
The door closes behind me , and I have some difficulty
controlling my reflexive claustrophobia .
But , the license
checks out okay , and she returns it to me through another
slit before opening a second , inner door , allowing me to
proceed into the prison .
Now I walk along a section of asphalt path across a
free - fire zone between the outer fence of the prison and the inner
fence .
Two guard towers are strategically placed to overlook
this arid moat , and I have no doubt that men with
loaded rifles are watching me with more than casual interest .
Probably it would not be a good idea to stray from the path ,
here .
I pass through a gate that clangs behind me , and I
continue across a grassy area toward the central building of
the prison — which closely resembles a modern high
school , although maybe I should say that high schools , these
days , closely resemble modern prisons .
Vaguely I wonder when
the American school system embraced the slit - windowed
concrete - box motif , and why .
But then I am inside the main building
and I find myself in a spacious lobby , where another official
takes my driver 's license , and keeps it , giving me a
slip of paper in return .
This I take with me to another armored cubicle , where I
present it through another slit to another out - of - focus
figure behind bulletproof plastic .
I advance into another
elevator - sized holding area .
The door closes behind me ,
another door opens ahead of me — and here , finally , I am
in the visitor area .
The Social Scene
Now I am seriously disoriented .
After all the layers of
security , this is the ultimate anticlimax .
I have entered a
large room like a cafeteria , where families are sitting at
dining tables .
Kids are running around , chasing each other
and laughing .
The low - security prisoners are allowed to sit
alongside their estranged relatives , hanging out and eating
sandwiches .
The convicts are utterly
unlike the thugs you see in Hollywood prison movies .
They 're everyday guys in their twenties , looking no
different from people you might expect to see working at the
paint counter in Home Depot or servicing cars at Jiffy Lube .
Over the years I have encountered some genuinely violent
people — the kind who radiate an aura of menace which
anyone with any sense will interpret as a clear warning to
stay away .
Those dark vibes are absent here , and after a
moment 's thought , I realize why : Drive - by shooters and
serial killers constitute only a small percentage of the
prison population .
Drug offenders , these days , are the
largest subset .
Thus , most of the men I am looking at
probably made the mistake of trying to earn a little cash on
the side by selling herbal or pharmaceutical products from
which the government , in its wisdom , feels we should be
protected .
Son Tran , of course , is imprisoned for a much more serious
reason , and cannot mingle with visitors .
There 's a
long , enclosed section for such “ violent ” types ,
who have to communicate via telephone handsets from behind
more panels of bulletproof plastic .
To me it 's ironic
that the prison has invested in such an elaborate system of
protection , because I 'm not sure who scares me more :
The inmates , or the system that put them here .
Call me
paranoid ( and indeed , many people have ) , but
the many arms of law enforcement have broadened and
strengthened their powers to an extent which would have
seemed unbelievable just a decade ago .
The list of ominous indicators is long and getting longer ,
including warrantless wiretaps , innocent people killed or
traumatized during no - knock drug busts based on bogus
tipoffs , random traffic stops in search of drivers who have
had two beers and will be hauled straight to jail ,
search - and - seizure of laptops by immigration officers , suspension
of constitutional rights for anyone suspected of
“ terrorist acts , ” tasering of citizens who ask
why they 're being arrested , harassment of tourists
taking photographs in public places , grandmothers fined tens
of thousands of dollars because kids used their
computers for file sharing , seventeen - year - old boys jailed
for having sex with sixteen - year - old girlfriends , men
stigmatized for life as “ sex criminals ” because
they urinated in public , photo - radar systems that can
track vehicle movements by using character recognition of
license plates , naive wives of drug dealers imprisoned for
years as “ couriers , ” and revival of the archaic offense
of criminal libel , raising the risk of prison time if you
post a little too carelessly on Craig 's List .
I used to
view law enforcement as a source of protection ; today I
tend to see it more as an instrument of intimidation .
Among the adult population of the United States , 1 person
out of every 100 is now behind bars .
Thus the unweighted odds
of going to jail are greater than the odds of being a
crime victim .
Of course I am aware of the counter - argument :
“ If you do n't break any laws , you 'll have
nothing to worry about . ”
Tell that to Governor George
Ryan of Illinois , where DNA evidence exonerated so many
people who had been placed erroneously on death row , he
felt obliged to commute the sentences of the remaining 163
inmates awaiting execution .
No doubt the prison that I am visiting harbors some truly
unpleasant characters whom I would not want to encounter
while walking alone on a dark city street .
But I do n't
believe that Son Tran is one of them .
Gas -Station Sandwiches
I sit on a plastic chair and wait for the prison
authorities to allow Son to come here to converse with me .
Finally he appears behind the bulletproof window , grinning
happily , as if this is the highlight of his week — and
who knows , maybe it is .
I ask him why he wanted me to bring two rolls of quarters ,
and he explains that I can buy food from vending machines in
the visitor area .
So , I go to the machines , which dispense
what I call “ gas- station sandwiches ” : skimpy
slices of Wonder Bread containing a minimum filling of tuna
salad or ham and cheese .
I buy a few and surrender them to a
corrections officer , who places them in a paper sack and
passes them through a small hatch to the restricted are a
behind the bulletproof plastic .
In this way , I buy lunch for
my inmate friend .
I 'm suitably sobered by the idea that
the sandwiches constitute a treat compared to the regular
prison diet .
For one such as myself , accustomed to whole
grains , organic greens , tofu , and other health - conscious
vegetarian staples , eating nothing but prison food for forty
years might be the single most awful aspect of being locked
up .
Son devours his rations with enthusiasm , and we chat ,
through the telephone handset , in the same awkward style of a
visitor chatting with a patient in a hospital .
How are
things ?
How are you doing ?
Have you seen your family lately ?
All topics seem trivial compared with the big and basic fact
that I am free and he is not , but I can't think of much
to say about this .
When he was taken off death row , he lost
his court - appointed lawyer who was managing his appeal , and
he lacks the resources to get a new attorney .
In any event ,
he can't talk about his case with me because the
connection may be monitored , and our conversation won't
be protected by attorney - client privilege .
We talk about current events , and everyday life with other
prisoners ( most of whom he feels are harmless ) , and about the
pencil drawings that he has been creating .
Since Texas
prisoners are not permitted to earn money or possess money ,
donations for them are placed in an Inmate Trust Fund
account , from which the balance may be applied to purchases from the prison
commissary .
And since # 2 pencils are the only drawing
implement stocked by the commissary , Son Tran's
opportunities for self expression are limited .
Still , he has been creating painstaking portraits , which
he has sent to me as gifts from time to time , leaving me
wondering what to do with them .
If I try to sell them on his
behalf I 'll place him in a risky position , since he is
not allowed to indulge in anything that could be considered a
business activity .
If he violates this regulation , he may be
punished by losing his opportunity to further his education .
In other words , if a Texas prisoner tries to make himself
useful by selling something that he has made , the system may
respond by preventing him from educating himself .
Money , Fear , and Politics
I guess I 'm beginning to sound like a bleeding
heart , here ; but this is not entirely accurate .
Let us
suppose , for a moment , that Son Tran was guilty of the crime
of which he was convicted .
I fully accept that homicide should entail the
most serious consequences .
The question is , what exactly
should those consequences be ?
From a strictly rational point
of view , does incarceration for forty years make good sense ,
or would something else be better ?
Let 's start with the concept of deterrence .
I 'll ignore the death penalty , since the Supreme Court
has already eliminated it for people under 18 .
Thus , we are
left with incarceration .
Has any study ever proved that
the prospect of forty years without parole is a better
deterrent than , say , thirty years , or even twenty
years ?
It seems utterly implausible to me that the actions of
a teenager in an inner-city gang will be affected by such a
distinction .
In fact I do n't believe that deterrence is
either the effect or the purpose of the long , mandatory
sentences that have become endemic in the United States
during the past two decades .
It 's important to understand just how extreme the
situation is .
We now incarcerate a larger proportion of our citizens ,
and a larger absolute number of them , than any
other nation in the world .
The United States has less than 5
percent of the global population yet has almost one - quarter
of all the world 's prisoners .
( Source : New York Times ,
April 23 , 2008 . )
The Land of the Free has become the land of
the confined .
Now here 's the interesting part .
From 1925 through
1975 , the American incarceration rate remained around 110
prisoners per 100,000 population , not far from the current
world median of approximately 125 .
( Source : New York Times ,
as above . )
What happened since then ?
How could the rate
increase by a factor of 7 during just three decades ?
I can suggest an answer in three words : Money , fear ,
and politics .
Money is an issue because the United States is one of the
few nations that can afford to build enough prisons and keep millions of
people locked up .
Most other nations are unwilling or unable
to spend so much money unproductively .
As for fear and politics :
Back when Ronald Reagan was the Governor of California ,
growing discontent among conservatives encouraged the state
to lead a movement toward tougher sentencing .
When Reagan
reached the White House in 1981 , with his wife promoting the
“ war on drugs ” and chanting “ Just say
no ! ” with her vapid grin , conservatives gained the
power to encourage changes on a national level .
This trend reached its culmination in 1988 , as
Reagan 's reign was ending and Republican presidential
candidate George H. W. Bush was looking for an edge over
Michael Dukakis , his Democratic opponent .
Bush's
campaign manager , Lee Atwater , and his media consultant ,
Roger Ailes , found their opportunity in the story of a
convicted murderer in Dukakis 's home state of
Massachusetts who had served 12 years in jail before being
released on a weekend furlough , at which point he proceeded
to commit a particularly unpleasant rape and other associated
crimes .
Atwater and Ailes believed that one disturbing incident of
this type , involving a heavy - set black rapist , would matter
far more to voters than any reasoned debate about policy
issues .
It would capture the imagination , regardless of
statistics showing that the event was a rarity or even a
singularity .
They did n't seem to care whether the
furlough policy had been a good thing or a bad thing .
They
simply knew that Dukakis had been in favor of it
while he was governor , and it could smear him as damagingly
as possible .
After the story was circulated via The Reader's
Digest , Bush started hammering away relentlessly at Dukakis
for being “ soft on crime . ”
This issue became
probably the biggest factor enabling him to win the election .
For more information about the propagandists who facilitated
the rise of the Bush dynasty ( leading by extension to the
rise of Bush Junior ) you can check the Wikipedia page for
Willie Horton , the rapist who was at the center
of the controversy .
It makes depressing reading .
Many other politicians were quick to notice Bush's
successful exploitation of public anxiety , and followed a
similar strategy , calling for harsher penalties while
denouncing their opponents for being less punitive than they
were .
In other words , they followed the ancient practice of
whipping up fear while simultaneously promising to alleviate
it .
This is a simplification of a complicated national trend , but I
believe it does help to explain how the general U. S. prison
population increased by a
factor of 7 .
Many conservatives see no problem in this , since
long sentences have been accompanied by a reduction in
violent crime .
On the other hand , in Canada , violent crime
went into a similar decline without a massive increase in the
prison population ; and in some states ( notably , New York ) the
crime rate did n't go back up even after authorities
relaxed their previous punitive policies .
Therefore the linkage between longer prison terms and a
lessened crime rate remains a matter for debate .
One
conclusion , however , is indisputable : Tough sentencing does
reassure anxious voters .
Adjusting the Consequence to Fit the Crime
Let 's suppose that protecting the general public is
the fundamental issue .
The question then becomes :
How much
protection is enough ?
Logically , to reduce the risk to zero , all violent
offenders should be imprisoned for life or executed .
Since
this may be unethical and is certainly unaffordable , we have
to find a reasonable compromise , balancing the risk that a
released criminal may repeat his crime against the social
advantage of enabling the majority of prisoners to resume
productive lives .
Traditionally , the parole system is supposed to serve this
purpose by assessing each prisoner on a case - by - case basis to
determine which ones are safe for release .
Parole can be
especially appropriate for juvenile offenders who may have
been immature or unduly influenced by their peers .
This gets me back to the case of Son Tran .
Imagine
yourself aged thirteen , feeling angry and estranged from your
fellow students because you 're Vietnamese - American .
Imagine that you are approached by some older kids who are
themselves Vietnamese .
They invite you to join their club ,
and for the first time in your short life , you are freed from
your feelings of alienation .
You find acceptance .
Of course , there 's a price to pay .
It 's like
joining the army :
You go through a process of indoctrination
and desensitization , during which you bond with your
comrades - in - arms and learn to obey orders .
The scenario that I 'm outlining does not excuse the
crime .
It merely suggests that someone who was not yet an
adult , and became infatuated with gang culture at a very
impressionable age , should not be judged as harshly as , for
example , a serial killer who has committed multiple
crimes over ten or fifteen years .
After a decade in prison ,
the serial killer may still represent a severe risk to the
general public while the younger man may not , and a system
that refuses to take this into account wastes human potential
and wastes our money .
Even when the state reaps some income
on the side by forcing prisoners to do menial work for no
pay , incarceration remains an expensive proposition .
There is of course the point of view that punishment should
be administered for its own sake ; that criminals
should be made to suffer .
This bothers
me , because aside from deterrence ( already discussed above ) I
see no social benefit from punishment .
Very often , it seems to be
simply an outlet for revenge , and revenge is not a very
highly evolved impulse .
It receives mixed reviews in the New
Testament , does not ennoble anyone , and certainly
does n't enrich anyone .
I prefer the concept of
restitution , requiring the guilty party to earn money to
compensate a victim or his family .
That at least is
useful — and , incidentally , may still serve as some
deterrent .
I also refuse to give up on the idea of rehabilitation ,
because I know people who have successfully decided not to
repeat past mistakes .
Prisons are properly referred to as
“ correctional facilities , ” implying that they
should be capable of correcting bad behavior .
If
there 's a chance to redeem someone rather than execute
him or take away his liberty for half of his life ,
would n't that be a more constructive option ?
Most of all , I am dispirited by the simple - mindedness of
imprisonment as a social tool .
Our remedies for most social
problems have evolved over the past couple - thousand years ; people
who are mentally ill , for instance , receive medical treatment
instead of just being shut away in lunatic asylums .
But the ritual of incarcerating criminals survives basically
unchanged .
Really , we need a smarter and
more creative alternative that does n't cost so much .
If it can also be less destructive of human lives , so
much the better .
Contact Info
One thing on which everyone can agree , regardless of their
political orientation , is that prison is a depressing place .
Based on my experience in Texas , merely visiting it is
extremely depressing , even when the facility is modern and
relatively humane .
As I leave the barbed - wire fences behind me I feel the
same kind of sadness that I experience when someone dies .
It 's a similar situation : A loss of human value which I
am powerless to prevent .
That 's why I continue to send
letters to Son Tran from time to time .
Other prisoners have suffered greater injustices , other
prisons impose harsher conditions , other nations subject
their prisoners to crueler treatment , and millions of
people — drug offenders , especially — are incarcerated for
reasons that make no sense to me at all .
Son Tran just
happens to be the guy I know , and so , he 's the one I am
telling you about .
If his life story interests you , you can
write to him yourself , while remembering that he has to buy
postage stamps , envelopes , and paper from the commissary to
reply to you , and therefore , even very small donations are
appreciated .
The trouble is , you cannot send money to him
directly .
It will be returned by the authorities , and will
rouse suspicions that he is soliciting assistance , which he is not .
Here 's what you can do , if you are interested .
Send
me a blank email at this account that I have set up :
sontranfund@gmail.com .
In return I 'll tell you how to
write to him and how to make a small donation if you so wish .
Your email address will not be used for any other purpose .
— Charles Platt
Posted by : Loren Coleman on December 6th , 2008
Loren is on the road , traveling in California .
Today ’s guest blogger is Brent Swancer .
The Mysterious Ainu
by Brent Swancer
December 6 , 2008 .
The Ainu are the indigenous people of Japan , inhabiting the Northern island of Hokkaido as well as the Kuril Islands and Sakhalin .
Their name means “ human ” , or more accurately the opposite of the gods that inhabit all plants , objects , and animals in their heavily animistic religion .
Thought to once inhabit all of Japan , the Ainu were pushed northward by the influx of immigration from Asia that occurred primarily during the Yayoi period of Japanese history around 2,300 years ago .
The Ainu have faced a long history of oppression and hardship .
Throughout the modern era , they have faced active assimilation , forced labor , and the repression of their cultural identity and customs .
During the height of the Japanese government ’s assimilation policy in the 1800s , the Ainu were banned from observing daily customs and were labelled as “ former aboriginal people , ” and it was not until 1997 that they were even recognized as an indigenous minority group at all .
It is estimated that there are around 20,000 to 60,000 people ( many of mixed race ) who identify themselves as Ainu today , although the accuracy of these numbers is questionable due to the fact that for a long time Japanese census records made no distinction between Ainu and ethnic Japanese , as well as the tendency for many to hide their ancestry due to rampant discrimination in some areas .
There could be as many as ten times more than that according to some .
Shown is an Ainu woman with a traditional lips tattoo .
Almost all woman had these tattoos done upon reaching adulthood , which was 15 or 16 by Ainu standards .
The tattoos are believed to increase beauty and gain better prospects for marriage , as well as being a sort of rite of passage into womanhood .
Besides the political controversy of the plight of the Ainu people , they have also raised other debates within anthropology and hominology .
One such debate is that of the very origins and history of this people .
Ainu are very different in physical appearance than ethnic Japanese and other Asian peoples .
Taller than average Japanese , the Ainu typically have a long skull , light complexion , heavy facial hair , and Caucasian features .
Their hair tends to be thick and wavy , and body hair is also more pronounced .
Aside from the physical differences , the Ainu language is also quite unique , showing no relation to Japanese or other Asian languages .
These unique differences have posed an often debated mystery .
Who are the Ainu and where did they come from ?
Early anthropologists were fascinated by the Ainu and made much of the physical differences that existed between Ainu and Japanese .
These early researchers often exaggerated these physical qualities , and suggested that they were evidence of Caucasian ancestry .
The Ainu were said to be a sort of “ lost Caucasian race ” .
However , there is no genetic evidence of this and it is considered an outdated theory .
The mystery remained however , since it was obvious that the Ainu people and ethnic Japanese were of different origins .
There are many current ideas on the origins of the Ainu people .
Some suggest that the same prehistoric group of people that produced the Australian aborigines , a sort of “ Oceania race , ” also inhabited the Japanese archipelago before the Jomon period of Japan ( 14,000 to 2,500 years ago ) .
This is based on fossils dating back 10,000 years that seem to show similarities with the indigenous people of Australia and New Zealand .
Others say that the Ainu are descendants of people of mongoloid stock from Northeast and central Asia , who migrated to Japan before the Jomon period .
Genetic evidence seems to support this theory , since DNA tests on Ainu showed that many showed a relationship to the people of Tibet and the Adaman Islands of the Indian Ocean , and one in eight Ainu men were shown to exhibit genetic traits most common to the Russian far east and Mongolia .
There are other ideas too , such as that the Ainu represent a completely unique group of people , or an ancient Asian race , but the question of the exact origins of the Ainu remains unresolved .
The mystery of the Ainu does not end with their origins , however .
One hotly debated topic that only adds to the mystery of Ainu history is the notion that they may have even been among the first peoples to inhabit North America .
The epicenter of the debate swirling around this theory , and the best evidence for it , is a curious piece of fossil evidence called the Kennewick Man .
+++
Read part II on this contribution on Monday , “ The Ainu and The Kennewick Man ” by Brent Swancer , December 8 , 2008 .
Brent is shown with his beautiful family – wife Chie and his daughter Jasmine – along with an unidentified cryptid spotted at the 25th celebration of the Japanese version of Disneyland .
Unaware of the behavioral characteristics of this cryptid , Brent is very protective of his daughter , who , being a good cryptozooologist - in - training , has grown cryptic ears to blend into her surroundings .
( Caption by Loren Coleman . )
About Loren Coleman
Loren Coleman is one of the world ’s leading cryptozoologists , some say “ the ” leading living cryptozoologist .
Certainly , he is acknowledged as the current living American researcher and writer who has most popularized cryptozoology in the late 20th and early 21st centuries .
Starting his fieldwork and investigations in 1960 , after traveling and trekking extensively in pursuit of cryptozoological mysteries , Coleman began writing to share his experiences in 1969 .
An honorary member of Ivan T. Sanderson ’s Society for the Investigation of the Unexplained in the 1970s , Coleman has been bestowed with similar honorary memberships of the North Idaho College Cryptozoology Club in 1983 , and in subsequent years , that of the British Columbia Scientific Cryptozoology Club , CryptoSafari International , and other international organizations .
He was also a Life Member and Benefactor of the International Society of Cryptozoology ( now - defunct ) .
Loren Coleman ’s daily blog , as a member of the Cryptomundo Team , served as an ongoing avenue of communication for the ever - growing body of cryptozoo news from 2005 through 2013 .
He returned as an infrequent contributor beginning Halloween week of 2015 .
Coleman is the founder in 2003 , and current director of the International Cryptozoology Museum in Portland , Maine .
This entry was posted on Saturday , December 6th , 2008 at 7:00 am and is filed under Cryptomundo Exclusive , Cryptotourism , CryptoZoo News , Cryptozoologists , Cryptozoology , Folklore , Guest Blog , Photos .
You can follow responses via our RSS 2.0 feed .
You can skip to the end and leave a response .
Pinging is not allowed .
Facebook Google + Twitter Pinterest Email Print Delicious Digg Fark Google Instapaper LinkedIn MySpace Newsvine Pocket Readability Reddit StumbleUpon Tumblr Yahoo !
The latest iPhone 2.2 operating system fixes many things , but something is still missing : Push notification services .
Once again , Apple has missed the opportunity to enable push notification in a new update , which is specially bad after they failed to meet their self - imposed September deadline .
That makes it almost two months late now .
So what 's the problem ?
Is the cause just a technical glitch or maybe there are other hidden , last - minute reasons behind it ?
Many developers and users were eagerly awaiting for the 2.2 update to finally enable push notification services , which disappeared from the 2.1 beta right before release .
Essentially , push notification is a clever way for your iPhone applications to receive messages from the network at all times , even while they are not active .
Since the applications do n't need to be active constantly , asking data to the application server every X minutes , this method saves power while giving you all the convenience of server - sided push messages .
As any BlackBerry user knows , push services allow the developer to implement functionality that is extremely useful .
For example :
An instant messenger program would be able to notify you whenever a new message is received , even while the application itself is not running .
Think about it just like an SMS .
Another example : A voice over IP application can receive a call and alert you right away , so you can pick it up like any normal telephone call .
Or maybe return the call using the normal telephony service if you are not in a Wi -Fi spot .
As you can imagine , this makes push notification a Holy Grail for users and developers alike .
The only people who may not be happy about these are the carriers .
After all , the idea of an instant messaging application with push notification services taking over their lucrative SMS business does n't seem like a very good one .
Or maybe I should take off my tin foil hat and just assume that Apple has hit a roadblock that nobody at engineering ever expected .
But a two month delay ?
Why ?
It just sounds too weird .
Whatever it is , I only hope they deliver it as soon as possible .
Advertisement
Statistics and the Meaning of Islam
What is the “ real ” Islam ?
Is it the Islam of the nice Muslim at work ?
Or is it the Islam of Osama bin Laden ?
To get a logical answer , we must have a logical basis .
What sources are available to answer the question ?
We can toss out the media and all of its answers since they generally quote apologist “ experts ” .
But is there an expert we can trust ?
Yes , there is .
Mohammed .
The most fundamental statement that can be made about Islam is : there is no god but Allah and Mohammed is His prophet .
This is the bedrock of Islam and points us directly to the only sure source of Islam - Allah and Mohammed .
But where are Allah and Mohammed found ?
The Trilogy of Koran , Sira and Hadith .
Allah is found in the Koran and Mohammed is found in the Sira ( his biography ) and the Hadith ( his traditions of small stories and sayings ) .
There is a special name for the sum of the Sira and the Hadith , the Sunna .
The Koran and Sunna are the only sure and certain basis of Islam .
All of Islam is based upon the Trilogy .
The foundational texts of Islam – the Trilogy –suffer from being deliberately difficult .
It is clear to anyone who reads these texts that every effort has been made to make the material obscure and difficult .
There are two reasons for this obscurity .
First , difficult texts make for a secure job for the priestly caste , the imams and scholars .
If the text is clear in meaning , then no help is needed to understand it .
The second reason is that the texts contain horrible and contradictory messages for the world buried under the obscurity .
The usual response to this difficulty is to skip the editing and offer up some verses from the Koran .
But “ verse ” is a biased word in that it invokes a religious overtone .
In almost every case , a verse is nothing more than a sentence .
There is no other field of study in which individual sentences are given so much weight .
“ Verse picking ” , to use a statistical term , is a very poor sampling method .
What we want is the meaning , and it is impossible to learn the complete meaning from a sentence .
What we need to concern ourselves with are ideas and concepts , not simply a sentence .
Let us be clear here that the very best way to obtain the complete meaning is to edit ( edit does not mean change the meaning , but to order , rearrange and collect ) the texts and then proceed from the edited text .
The Koran is famously difficult .
However , if the necessary editing is done , the Koran is a very straightforward document .
The first editing steps are to put the Koran in order with respect to time .
In this way when you turn the page , you advance in time , just as you would in a history book .
This time line order has been known since the first days of Islam .
The next step is to collect all of the variations of the same story .
As an example , the story of Moses and the Pharaoh is told 39 times .
If they are all collected under one category , then the Koran is easier to read and less boring .
The next step is to take the Sira and weave it into the Koran to give the Koran a context .
For example , there is a verse that says that it was proper to burn the palm trees .
For someone who reads this verse , a question arises : what palm trees are being talked about ?
The Koran gives no context .
But in the day of its creation , everyone who heard the verse knew that the previous week , Mohammed had attacked some Jews who were date farmers and had destroyed their date palm trees in violation of Arabic war customs .
When the story of Mohammed ( from the Sira ) is woven into the Koran , then the context of the attack on the Jews is clear .
A Koran that is in the proper time order , categorized , and includes Mohammed ’s life is a straightforward book that is easily understood .
CSPI has published two Korans that have been edited this way - A Simple Koran and an Abridged Koran .
But we still have a problem .
We need to be able to discuss the Koran with those who do not have access to edited Korans or who would not read them anyway .
We need to be able make meaningful summary statements .
Picking your favorite verse is not the way to make a summary statement .
We need a method of macro- analysis , not micro-analysis .
We need to be able to talk about the big picture , the complete meaning of Islam .
But there is a problem in trying to summarize Islam as it is filled with contradictory statements .
So how do we deal with the contradictions while looking at the big picture ?
The answer to these questions is to use a statistical measure of the texts .
Do n’t let the word statistics scare you .
The only statistics needed is counting how many items are in a category .
Take for example the idea of the importance of the Koran .
The most commonly belief about Islam is that it is based upon the Koran and is a religion .
Neither of these ideas is true .
How important is the Koran ?
It contains about 153,000 words .
The Sira ( by Ibn Ishaq ) contains about 292,000 words , and the Hadith has 646,000 words ( using the Bukhari text ) .
So Allah is about 14 % of the total of the Trilogy and the Sunna ( Mohammed ’s words and deeds ) is 86 % of the total .
These are only a quantitative measure , but still , it points out how important Mohammed is compared to Allah , based upon the amount of text .
This is born out further by noticing that the Koran does not contain enough information to practice even one of the Five Pillars of Islam .
Only the Sunna ( primarily the Hadith for religious practice ) tells the Muslim how to worship .
So the statistical measure shows that Islam is also Mohammedism .
Once the Koran is rearranged in the right time order , categorized and Mohammed ’s life is woven back into it , another fact leaps from the page .
Very little of the Koran is devoted to how to be a Muslim , the religion of Islam .
Instead , the majority of the Koran is about kafirs , non-Muslims .
Kafirs are the worst of the creation .
Allah hates kafirs and plots against them .
Kafirs can be tortured , murdered , robbed , raped and enslaved .
The Koran is fixated on kafirs , as was Mohammed .
To measure the Koranic fixation on kafirs , let us measure the fixation by counting the amount of text devoted to them .
In Mecca an astounding 68 % of the text is devoted to the kafir .
In Medina 57 % was about kafirs .
The amount of text in the entire Koran devoted to kafirs is 51 % .
As an aside , Islam excludes kafirs in every way from its religious practice .
Since the kafir is outside of Islam , the term political Islam is used to describe the doctrine of Islam as it is applied to the “ others ” , the kafirs .
So 51 % of the Koran is about political Islam , not religious Islam .
( KS Lal gives the figure of 63 % in Theory and Practice of Muslim State in India , Aditya Prakashan , 1999 , N. Delhi , pg. 4 ) .
The Sira shows the importance of Islam ’s political nature .
Mohammed preached the religion of Islam for 13 years in Mecca and only gained 150 followers .
He moved to Medina where he became a politician and warrior .
After 10 years of violence he became ruler of all Arabia without a single enemy left standing .
He was involved in an event of violence every 6 weeks for the last 9 years of his life .
Statistical conclusion - Islam ’s success came from war and politics , not religion .
Another statistical conclusion : Islam is primarily a political doctrine , not a religion .
Simple statistics also reveal the true nature of the political / religious idea of jihad .
When the word jihad is used , Muslims say that there are two kinds of jihad .
There is the religious jihad , the greater jihad –the inner struggle against personal problems .
The war jihad is the lesser jihad .
The Hadith of Bukhari gives all of the tactical details of jihad .
A simple counting method shows that 3 % of the hadiths are about the inner struggle , whereas , 97 % of the hadiths are about jihad as war .
So is jihad the inner struggle ?
Yes , 3 % .
Is jihad the war against kafirs ?
Yes , 97 % .
This leads to a very important concept .
Islam is based upon contradictory statements .
How do we sort them out to get the complete meaning ?
We measure the amount of text devoted to each side of the dichotomy .
That is what we did with the question of which jihad is the real jihad .
It gives a complete statistical answer .
There is nothing new here .
Only single value state ideas can be measured by one number .
Multi-state ideas must be evaluated by statistics that measure every state of the variable .
If an idea has different manifestations , then instead of arguing which is the right manifestation , just measure all of the manifestations .
There is an exact analogy to the measurement of the state of the electron in an atom .
Quantum physics does not give a single answer about the energy and position , but gives us the statistical probabilities of each possible state .
The same is true about Islam .
We need to know its total state , not something about one category .
In conclusion , statistics is a superior way to gain complete knowledge of the texts of Islam .
Statistics allows us to explore Islam in its totality .
Remember the old story of the blind men feeling the elephant ?
One said the elephant was like a rope , another a tree , a wall and so forth .
Was each man right ?
Were any of them wrong ?
No .
But none of them were completely right .
Statistical analysis cannot tell us the qualitative story but it allows us to remove the blinders of only looking at one category and forces us to look at the total picture .
Notice that this approach also effectively tells us how to evaluate the “ experts ” that get trotted out to buttress a favorite position .
This is the iron rule of Islam - only Mohammed defines the truth of Islam .
If what an expert says agrees with Mohammed , then the he is right , but he is redundant .
If what the expert says contradicts Mohammed , then the expert is wrong .
So experts are either redundant or wrong .
Only Mohammed tells us the truth about Islam and he is never wrong or redundant .
Skip the experts and move straight to Mohammed .
The statistical approach does just that .
Bill Warner
Permalink http://politicalislam.com/statistics-and-the-meaning-of-islam/
Copyright © 2008 CBSX , LLC
politicalislam.com
Use and distribute as you wish ; do not edit and give us credit .
Strands of DNA can be easily made into nanoscale fibre optic cables ( Image : Wikimedia Commons )
Thanks to a new technique , DNA strands can be easily converted into tiny fibre optic cables that guide light along their length .
Optical fibres made this way could be important in optical computers , which use light rather than electricity to perform calculations , or in artificial photosynthesis systems that may replace today ’s solar panels .
Both kinds of device need small - scale light - carrying “ wires ” that pipe photons to where they are needed .
Now Bo Albinsson and his colleagues at Chalmers University of Technology in Gothenburg , Sweden , have worked out how to make them .
The wires build themselves from a mixture of DNA and molecules called chromophores that can absorb and pass on light .
The result is similar to natural photonic wires found inside organisms like algae , where they are used to transport photons to parts of a cell where their energy can be tapped .
In these wires , chromophores are lined up in chains to channel photons .
Advertisement
Light wire
Albinsson ’s team used a single type of chromophore called YO as their energy mediator .
It has a strong affinity for DNA molecules and readily wedges itself between the “ rungs ” of bases that make up a DNA strand .
The result is strands of DNA with YO chromophores along their length , transforming the strands into photonic wires just a few nanometres in diameter and 20 nanometres long .
That ’s the right scale to function as interconnects in microchips , says Albinsson .
To prove this was happening , the team made DNA strands with an “ input ” molecule on one end to absorb light , and on the other end a molecule that emits light when it receives it from a neighbouring molecule .
When the team shone UV light on a collection of the DNA strands after they had been treated with YO , the finished wires transmitted around 30 % of the light received by the input molecule along to the emitting molecule .
Physicists have corralled chromophores for their own purposes in the past , but had to use a “ tedious ” and complex technique that chemically attaches them to a DNA scaffold , says Niek van Hulst , at the Institute of Photonic Sciences in Barcelona , Spain , who was not involved in the work .
The Gothenburg group ’s ready - mix approach gets comparable results , says Albinsson .
Because his wires assemble themselves , he says they are better than wires made by the previous chemical method as they can self - repair : if a chromophore is damaged and falls free of the DNA strand , another will readily take its place .
It should be possible to transfer information along the strands encoded in pulses of light , he told New Scientist .
Variable results
Philip Tinnefeld at the Ludwig Maximilian University of Munich in Germany says a price has been paid for the added simplicity .
Because the wire is self - assembled , he says , it ’s not clear exactly where the chromophores lie along the DNA strand .
They are unlikely to be spread out evenly and the variation between strands could be large .
Van Hulst agrees and is investigating whether synthetic molecules made from scratch can be more efficient than modified DNA .
But both researchers think that with improvements , “ molecular photonics ” could have a wide range of applications , from photonic circuitry in molecular computers to light harvesting in artificial photosynthetic systems .
Journal reference : Journal of the American Chemical Society ( DOI : 10.1021/ja803407t )
The lawyer criminal defense lawyer is one of the most important legal professionals in the us .
If you are you looking for more info regarding Attorney Criminal Stockton California look into the page .
The lawyer delivers buyers have been convicted of lawbreaker activity and is also required to be knowledgeable about the regulations that control hawaii the location where the human being was charged and sued .
It is also envisioned that this legal representative criminal defense lawyer will likely be well - qualified in many different a variety of trial and crime courtroom proceedings , in order that the client could possibly thoroughly shield on their own and the rates next to them .
There are lots of a variety of offences , as well as the pursuing sentences summarize the different types of law firm legal regulation .
Initial you can find criminal offence instances , along with the dwi legal professional who symbolizes folks who suffer from been charged with a real transgression .
If found guilty of a criminal offence wrongdoing , this is one of the most critical sorts of lawbreaker circumstances , as it ’s attainable for a person to handle existence in prison .
A criminal offence is yet another legal love - making offense or perhaps a misdemeanor , for the it turned out committed .
It is a criminal offenses for an individual to wrongly accuse a different of an felony offense , resulted in someone getting subjected to a crime ask for for anything that did n’t transpire .
Misdemeanors are offenses that fall under the category of “ municipal ” violations .
…
Read the rest
Bonsai bon·sai n. pl. bonsai is the art of growing dwarfed , ornamentally shaped trees or shrubs in small shallow pots or trays .
Bonsai appeared first in China over 1000 years ago but once bonsai was introduced into Japan in around the 12th century - some say earlier , the art was refined to an extent not yet approached in China .
The word means means a tree planted in a container .
Read this for some history of bonsai .
While in Japan , TheGardenLady visited what is considered one of the 3 most beautiful gardens in Japan which is also one of the most famous gardens in Japan since the Edo Period - for over 300 years .
This magnificent garden is called Korakuen and is in Okayama .
Because it is Chrysanthemum time , the garden had an exhibit of Chrysanthemum Bonsai .
More beautiful photos of this art form can be found on the following website .
The GardenLady has only had one bonsai lesson so she is not one to give instructions on how it is done .
But if the reader is enchanted with the photos of these chrysanthemum bonsai , look at some of the instructions here or here .
Or contact the American Bonsai Society .
Related Content :
HALIFAX , Nova Scotia , Dec. 3 ( UPI ) -- A French cargo ship with a crew of four capsized and sank off the southern coast of Newfoundland , the Canadian Coast Guard reported .
The 100 - foot Cap Blanc was headed for its home port in St. Pierre & Miquelon and was carrying a cargo of road salt when it capsized Tuesday without issuing a distress signal , the Canadian Broadcasting Corp. reported .
Advertisement
A search was n't launched until the ship was reported late in arriving , Coast Guard officials said .
Divers reached the ship 12 miles south of Marystown , Newfoundland , before it sank completely and got responses to knocks on the hull , but no one emerged .
Jeri Grychowski of the Canadian Coast Guard rescue coordination center in Halifax told the Canwest News Service searchers found one of the ship 's three lifeboats , but no survivors .
Two Coast Guard ships and a Royal Canadian Mounted Police patrol boat searched through the night and helicopters and aircraft returned to the air at sunrise Wednesday , the reports said .
WaMu was sold by regulators in September
JP Morgan Chase is to cut about 9,200 jobs at the former Washington Mutual ( WaMu ) , the largest US bank to fail .
Regulators were forced to take control and sell off the mortgage lender at the end of September .
The cuts amount to more than a fifth of the workforce at WaMu .
About 4,000 posts will go by the end of January .
JP Morgan bought most of WaMu 's assets from regulators for $ 1.9bn ( £ 1.3 bn ) as the bank became one of the biggest victims of the ongoing credit crunch .
JP Morgan spokesman Christine Hovelas said the remaining 5,200 jobs would be eliminated by the end of 2009 .
She added that JP Morgan had not made a decision on what to do with WaMu 's headquarters building in Seattle .
WaMu was JPMorgan 's second big fire - sale acquisition since the start of the credit crunch .
It also bought Bear Stearns in March .
The WaMu deal turned JP Morgan into the second - biggest US bank , with 5,410 branches in 23 states , of which it plans to close no more than 10 % .
“ It 's a breakthrough study .
It 's a blockbuster .
It 's absolutely paradigm - shifting . ” — Dr. Steven E. Nissen of the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio ( Washington Post , November 9 , 2008 )
The news has been nothing short of breathless , as every major news publication has come out with a story on the clinical trial of the statin rosuvastatin ( Crestor ) .
Each news story has been more sensational than the last , describing the study ’s results as dramatic , huge , spectacular and unprecedented and statins as the wonder drug of hope .
The practice of preventive medicine will be forever transformed as a result of this landmark study and the clinical guidelines will be rewritten because of its extraordinary findings , we ’ve heard .
The study , presented at a meeting of the American Heart Association and simultaneously published online at the New England Journal of Medicine , was said to provide powerful evidence that millions of healthy Americans can cut their risks for heart attacks and mortality in half by taking this statin , even if they have low cholesterol levels and no other risk factors for heart disease .
It is also being reported as proving that a new blood test ( C - reactive protein ) can identify those who need to be on statins and now give doctors a reason to treat as many as 10 million healthy adults who they would never have had a reason to treat with statins before .
The clinical trial , Justification for the Use of Statins in Primary Prevention : an Intervention Trial Evaluating Rosuvastatin ( JUPITER ) , was a phase III , multi-center , randomized , placebo - controlled , double - blind clinical trial of 17,902 healthy seniors , average age 66 .
It examined the cardiovascular events and deaths among those on 20 mg rosuvastatin / day compared to those taking a placebo .
( ClinicalTrials.gov # NCT00239681 )
JUPITER was conducted at 1,315 medical centers in 26 countries .
It was designed to run for four years and continue until 520 confirmed primary endpoints had been documented , said its authors , in order to provide a statistical power ( 90 % ) to detect a 25 % reduction in the rate of the primary end point , with a two - sided statistical significance level p=0.05 .
But earlier this year , on March 29 , 2008 , the pharmaceutical company sponsor , AstraZeneca , announced that it was stopping the clinical trial after just 1.9 years because of “ unequivocal evidence of a reduction in cardiovascular morbidity and mortality among patients treated with rosuvastatin compared with those treated with placebo . ”
Stopping a major clinical trial halfway through is a big deal , as it invalidates any credible statistical analysis of the benefits and effectiveness of a treatment , and makes safety and longer - term risks impossible to evaluate .
A recent study of cancer trials led by Dr. Giovanni Tafuri , M.D. , with the Italian Medicines Agency in Rome , reported that the number of clinical trials being stopped early , just as they start to show a benefit , has increased dramatically over recent years .
Of the 14 randomized controlled clinical trials published in 2005 - 7 that had been prematurely stopped , all when they ’d begun to show a benefit , 79 % were used to support an application for marketing approval ( through the Food and Drug Administration or European Medicines Agency ) .
“ This suggests a commercial component in stopping trials prematurely , ” said co-author , Dr. Giovanni Apolone , M.D. , head of the Laboratory of Translational and Outcome Research at the Mario Negri Institute for Pharmacological Research in Milan .
Ending studies early risks overestimating the treatment ’s effects , and too many are being stopped early without strong evidence of superior benefits , these authors concluded .
It leaves insufficient data to make a credible statistical analysis of a drug ’s effectiveness .
“ If a trial is evaluating the long - term efficacy of a treatment , ” they wrote , “ short - term benefits , no matter how significant statistically , may not justify early stopping .
Data on disease recurrence and progression , drug resistance , metastasis , or adverse events , all factors that weight heavily in the benefit / risk balance , could easily be missed . ”
Today , we learned that the actual ( absolute ) difference in mortality between the statin and control groups after nearly 2 years in the JUPITER trial was only 0.25 % and incidences of heart attacks and strokes differed by a mere 0.35 % a year .
Looking more closely at the design of this trial , its methodology , selection of participants , attrition , findings and adverse events ; as well as the evidence of C - reactive protein ( CRP ) and safety data of Crestor to date , suggests that all of the amplified claims being heard deserve a much more cautious look .
Selection of participants — results not typical
“ This is a new way to prevent cardiovascular events in an entirely new population that we have been missing … something for the asymptomatic older person for the prevention of heart disease that now has greater benefit than anything we have ever had in the past . ” — Dr. Douglas Weaver , president of the American College of Cardiology ( Time Magazine , November 9 , 2008 )
While this study is being said to provide evidence for preventing heart disease in millions of seemingly healthy asymptomatic adults , the participants in this study were not at all representative of the general population , even of healthy people without high cholesterol .
In fact the selection process in this trial was so rigorous , it screened out 8 of 10 seniors recruited , including anyone with anything that might “ compromise safety or the successful completion of the study . ”
Its results certainly cannot be extended to most people in the clinical setting .
Adults were excluded from participating if they had any history or evidence of cardiovascular disease ; if they had any inflammatory condition such as arthritis , lupus or inflammatory bowel disease ; diabetes ; hypothyroidism ; high blood pressure ; any evidence of liver or kidney dysfunction ( including abnormal lab values ) ; had a history of cancer in past 5 years ; were on hormone replacement therapy ; had a history of alcohol or drug abuse ; if they ’d ever been on lipid - lowering meds or were taking any immunosuppressant medications or oral glucocorticoids ; if their triglyceride levels were > 500 mg / L or LDL - cholesterol levels > 130mg/dL ; and another 856 people for unstated reasons .
The participants ’ CRP levels also had to be ≥ 2mg / L ( which describes two - thirds of seniors their age ) .
The men had to be 50 years of age or older , and the women 60 years of age and older .
From 89,890 people initially screened , 23,231 then underwent a four - week trial on the placebo , meaning anyone exhibiting potential compliance problems could be screened out .
The authors excluded another 1,521 during this run-in test .
Finally , 17,802 people ( 38.2 % women ) were randomly assigned to receive daily doses of rosuvastatin or a placebo .
While the authors said they only lost 81 people in follow - up during the 1.9 years , compliance rates were unusually low .
At the time the study was terminated , only 75 % of participants were taking their study pills , they reported .
Having nearly 15 % of participants a year stop taking their pills is higher than any other statin trial and if this rate had continued , there would have been few people left participating after five years .
The authors do n’t reveal which arm of the trial these drop - outs occurred in , but people so rigorously screened and motivated to participate in a clinical trial do n’t independently stop taking their pills without some reason .
This lends added precaution in interpreting the side effects reported in this study , especially in light of the safety problems reported to the FDA , as we ’ll examine .
Results with a critical eye
“ This is unprecedented , ” said Dr. Steven Nissen , chair of cardiovascular medicine at Cleveland Clinic in Ohio , as quoted by Time Magazine .
“ I have never seen a result of this magnitude reduction in risk . ”
The results were significant enough to stop the study three years early .
The only thing we ’ve heard in the news have been the changes in odds ratios or relative risks , not the more clinically meaningful absolute differences in all - cause mortality and measurable cardiovascular events .
In fact , the actual death rates among this unique cohort of seniors were so extraordinarily low , those on the statin differed by only 0.25 % ( 1 death per 100 in the treatment arm , versus 1.25/100 in the placebo arm ) .
The total number of deaths ( cumulative deaths in Chart D ) were so low no difference is even visible .
Only when they created a magnified graf , enlarging the y axis and condensing the x axis , could any difference be seen at all .
Then , the trajectory of deaths among those on the statins , had the study continued , would have exceeded the control group .
But the study was stopped just as the lines met .
Note , too , that the 2 - year data only reported on less than half of the study population — about 4,300 people in each arm of the trial .
Most of the people reported on in this JUPITER trial had only taken the statin for under a year .
This is not reassuring evidence of the long - term effectiveness of a drug being proposed for healthy people to take for life .
The cardiovascular - related deaths were 0.45 % among those on the statin versus 0.85 % among the placebo group .
This is being reported as the statins cutting heart disease deaths in half .
But what is n’t being reported is that the deaths from other causes were 27 % higher in the statin group , leaving a marginally statistical difference in overall death rates .
More unsettling , the report failed to report the causes for any of the 186 noncardiac - related deaths .
While this JUPITER study population was healthy , asymptomatic people with low risks for heart disease , this trial reported benefits quickly and contradict other rosuvastatin trials done for primary - prevention or for high - risk patients taking the statin for considerably more years .
Those have failed to find a notable benefit of this statin in reducing cardiovascular events , deaths or all - cause mortality , according to Dr. Michel de Lorgeril at the School of Medicine of Grenoble University in France pointed out in the clinical discussions at the NEJM .
In the 3 - year CORONA clinical trial on heart failure patients , for example , the statin reduced LDL - cholesterols and CRP levels as targeted , but failed to find any benefit in cardiovascular deaths , heart attacks or strokes .
The GISSI - HF trial of all - age adults with chronic heart failure also failed to show any benefit in clinical outcomes after about 4 years on rosuvastatin .
Regarding the cardiovascular events reported by JUPITER , they included hospitalizations and procedures , which are more subjective measures at the discretion of a physician and make the results more challenging to evaluate as supporting reductions in cardiovascular events .
The total numbers of fatal heart attacks and strokes , for example , were no different between the study arms ( a total of only 12 deaths in each arm of the trial ) .
The incidences of clinically - diagnosed nonfatal heart attacks and strokes after 1.9 years were also exceedingly low — a total of 0.7 % versus 1.4 % of the participants in the statin and control arms , respectively .
Numbers too under powered to credibly extrapolate to real - world clinical practice .
Even including all of the cardiovascular events , procedures and hospitalizations reported by the authors , 120 people in this study were treated for 1.9 years to prevent a single event , according to Dr. Mark A. Hlatky , M.D. , of Stanford University School of Medicine in California .
Clinical practice guidelines are not usually changed ( ideally , at least ) until a study ’s results have been independently replicated and the benefits have been shown to exceed the risks .
This is especially critical before putting millions of healthy , asymptomatic people on a drug for the rest of their lives .
Given the unimpressive absolute reductions in overall deaths or cardiovascular events , weighing the potential risks and safety consequences , and costs become more important …
Adverse Reactions
The JUPITER authors said that the “ reported serious adverse events were similar in the rosuvastatin and placebo groups . ”
Even if we disregard the fact that one in four of the study participants had already stopped taking their study pills for some reason , we might question how a biologically inert placebo would elicit nearly the same side effects and at the same levels as an active chemical .
But the findings among the serious events they selected to monitor and report suggest that problems might already have been developing among those taking the statin .
While not yet statistically significant , those on the statin were reporting slightly more muscular weakness and pain , kidney and liver disorders , and more patients had elevating lab values ( creatinine , alanine aminotransferase , and hematuria , which are indications of possible kidney and liver damage ) .
One case of nonfatal rhabdomyolysis in a patient taking rosuvastatin , diagnosed after the trial had been suspended , was also reported .
These adverse events are especially noteworthy , given how carefully the study participants were specifically screened to eliminate those with any indications or potentials of such problems .
Why was that ?
AstraZeneca , the maker of Crestor , has had a history of safety problems with this statin .
In 2001 , when it first filed its FDA application to market rosuvastatin , it was delayed when the company had to halt worldwide pre-approval clinical trials due to serious adverse events of kidney damage , kidney failure and rhabdomyolysis among people taking 80 mg / day and the FDA requested more clinical data from the company .
It was later approved in lesser strengths , but in 2005 , the FDA issued a Public Health Advisory on Crestor and revised the package insert Warning notice , as a result of phase 4 studies reporting muscle toxicity ( myopaty / rhabdomyolysis ) and kidney damage and kidney failure , especially at the 40 mg dosage .
The risks were greater among those over age 65 and in those patients who are candidates for statin therapy , according to the FDA , such as people with diabetes , hypertension , atherosclerosis and heart failure .
Dr. Eliot A. Brinton , M.D. , Director of the Metabolism Section of Cardiovascular Genetics , and Associate Professor at the University of Utah School of Medicine in Salt Lake City , in Medscape Cardiology discussed why the safety of statins is so important .
Safety problems with cerivastatin ( Baycol , Bayer ) ultimately led to it being taken off the market and the same concerns have resurfaced with rosuvastatin , he said .
“ Medication safety is always an issue , but especially so with the statins , for several reasons .
First , … statins are the single most prescribed category of agents , in dollar value , in the United States today .
Second , they are prescribed for long periods of time …
A third and very important factor is that statins are most commonly used in middle - aged or elderly patients , who tend to be taking many other medications for other problems .
This heightens safety concerns , ” he said .
Clinical trials typically report lower rates of these complications than seen in the real world because eligibility criteria exclude patients with potential problems , whereas healthcare providers cannot typically exclude those patients in clinical practice .
There was one statistically significant adverse effect of the statin reported in this JUPITER trial .
There was a 25 % higher number of newly diagnosed cases of diabetes among the statin group compared to placebo ( 270 cases versus 216 cases , 3.0 % versus 2.4 % of participants , respectively ) .
In other words , the actual higher number of people who got diabetes cancelled out the fewer number who had a nonfatal cardiovascular event .
There were also small , but significant elevating levels of glycated hemoglobin among those on Crestor , although the authors stated that “ the incidence of newly diagnosed diabetes and worsening glycemic control have been reported in previous trials of pravastatin , simvastatin , and atorvastatin , ” too .
The bottom line , by suspending this trial prematurely , any ability to evaluate the long - term safety risks over benefits for healthy people has been hindered .
Yet , almost as if predicted by Dr.Tafuri and colleagues several years ago , the New York Times reported today : “ The company plans to use results from the Jupiter study to seek FDA approval to widen its claim about Crestor ’s effectiveness . ”
A new risk factor ?
With JUPITER , cardiologists are finally acknowledging that the cholesterol hypothesis is unsupported .
As Dr. James Stein , M.D. , from the University of Wisconsin Medical School in Madison told Heartwire yesterday , he praised the JUPITER study for exposing that current therapeutic LDL - cholesterol levels are arbitrary , but more importantly , a poor indicator of cardiovascular risk .
“ Many patients with heart attacks have normal LDL - cholesterol values , ” he said , adding that doctors and patients have been lulled into a false sense of security with normal LDL cholesterol levels .
This brings us to the most controversial aspects of this trial : assertions that it has produced powerful evidence that a single blood test can spot seemingly healthy people who are at increased risk for a heart attack or stroke .
A new health risk index .
As lead JUPITER investigator Dr. Paul M. Ridker , M.D. , with the Center for Cardiovascular Disease Prevention at Brigham and Women 's Hospital in Boston , and colleagues wrote : “ Measurement of high - sensitivity C- reactive protein , an inflammatory biomarker that independently predicts future vascular events , improves global classification of risk , regardless of the LDL cholesterol level .
We have previously shown that statin therapy reduces high - sensitivity C- reactive protein levels and that among healthy persons , patients with stable coronary disease , and those with the acute coronary syndrome , the magnitude of the benefit associated with statin therapy correlates in part with the achieved high - sensitivity C- reactive protein level . "
The news this weekend has been filled with quotes from cardiologists in breathless excitement about this new health index that seems to support statin use for vast numbers of new patients :
“ For the cardiology world , discovering a major new risk factor as well as an effective treatment is like hitting a walk - off home run to win the World Series . ” — Dr. Eugene Braunwald at Brigham and Women 's Hospital ( Medical News Today , November 10 , 2008 )
“ JUPITER should dramatically change prevention guidelines , the bottom line here is simple — if your hsCRP is high , you should be on statin therapy regardless of your cholesterol level .
This is an approach we can start using tomorrow . ” — Dr. James Willerson , Director of the Texas Heart Institute in Houston ( Medical News Today , November 10 , 2008 )
“ This takes prevention to a whole new level .
Yesterday you would not have used a statin for a patient whose cholesterol was normal .
Today you will . ” — Dr. W. Douglas Weaver , president of the American College of Cardiology .
( Washington Post , November 9 , 2008 )
“ This changes medical practice in a major way .
People are going to flock to their doctors to get their CRP measured , and if it 's elevated they will say , ' Here 's this drug you can take , ' We 'll save many lives and a lot of money . ” — Dr. Steven E. Nissen of the Cleveland Clinic in Ohio ( Washington Post , November 9 , 2008 )
“ Although we have known for several years that elevated CRP was a risk factor for heart disease , until now we did not have evidence that targeting CRP could reduce disease burden , ” said Dr. Nissen .
In fact , “ we must now begin to think of CRP as an accelerator of disease activity , not just a marker associated with high risk . ”
He did n’t just say that .
He said it more than three years ago in a 2005 Cleveland Clinic press release .
He was lead investigator for the Reversal of Atherosclerosis with Aggressive Lipid Lowering ( REVERSAL ) trial suggesting CPR be added to therapeutic biomarkers .
What has not been explained in mainstream media this weekend , is that he and Dr. Ridker have led the push for clinical guidelines calling for testing and reducing CRP levels , even among people with low cholesterol levels .
As Dr. Ridker told attendees at the American Heart Association meeting , the “ potential public health benefits are huge . ”
“ These are findings that are really going to impact the practice of cardiology in the country , ” said Dr. Elizabeth G. Nabel , director of the National Heart , Lung and Blood Institute .
She was also widely quoted thie weekend as supporting CRP testing and saying they will be reviewing the data before deciding how to revise federal guidelines on CRP testing and statin treatment guidelines .
It is premature to change clinical practice guidelines on this study .
The key problem with such suggestions is that JUPITER provided no such evidence at all for CRP testing , of CRP as a measure of cardiovascular risk , or for the use of CRP values in the prevention or clinical management of healthy people to reduce cardiovascular events or reduce premature deaths .
Why ?
JUPITER was a trial of statin treatment , not of CRP testing .
To make any conclusions of the clinical merits of CRP levels would require a randomized , clinical trial comparing patients with high and low lab values .
“ The trial did not compare subjects with and those without high - sensitivity C- reactive protein measurements , nor did it compare the use of high - sensitivity C- reactive protein with the use of other markers of cardiovascular risk .
It also did not ascertain whether subjects with a high - sensitivity C- reactive protein level of less than 2.0 mg per liter would benefit from treatment , ” wrote Dr. Hlatky .
“ There is increasing recognition that laboratory and screening tests need to be evaluated according to their effects on clinical management and outcomes , not just risk levels , ” he said .
Not only that , but CRP has already been shown to not be the cause of heart disease !
Just last week in the New England Journal of Medicine , for instance , Dr. Borge Nordestgaard , M.D. , DMSc , professor and chief physician at Copenhagen University Hospital in Denmark , and colleagues , reported their large investigation to specifically see if people with naturally high CRP levels have more heart disease and strokes .
They first measured the CRP levels in more than 10,000 people and found high levels associated with 30 % and 60 % higher risks for strokes and heart disease , respectively .
But they then specifically looked at CRP genes and measured CRP levels in nearly 32,000 people , and compared those who actually had heart disease and strokes , compared to people who remained disease free .
“ People with the most active CRP genes were at no higher risk for heart disease and stroke than were people with the least active CRP genes , ” they wrote .
CRP is a risk factor , but does n’t have a causal role in heart disease .
This means CRP does not cause heart disease , said cardiologist Dr. Heribert Schunkert , M.D. , director of Germany 's Luebeck University Hospital and professor of cardiology at the University of Leicester in England .
“ It [ the Denmark study ] is pretty definitive , ” he said .
“ This is a nail in the coffin for the idea that CRP is a causal factor in heart disease , ” said Dr. Thomas A. Pearson , M.D. , Ph.D. , MPH , senior associate dean for clinical research at the University of Rochester Medical Center .
He had led a National Panel on CRP Testing finding that there is no evidence to date to support that making a treatment decision based on CRP improves survival .
“ You do n’t treat risk markers , ” he said .
Even earlier studies were unable to support the hypothesis of CRP as predictive of heart disease .
Dr. Michael Miller , M.D. , at the University of Maryland in Baltimore and colleagues analyzed NHANES data and found that high CRP in the absence of traditional risk factors is exceedingly rare and present in only one in 2,000 adults in the U.S.
Given the prevalence of heart disease , this suggests that “ high CRP is a biomarker rather than a direct promoter of coronary heart disease , ” he said , and of limited clinical utility as a screening tool .
More recently , researchers reported that CRP levels added minimally to risk predictions and failed to predict which elderly people in the multi-national PROSPER study benefited by statins for primary or secondary prevention , during 3.2 years of follow - up .
Doctors Steven Woloshin , M.D. , and Lisa Schwartz , M.D. , at the Veterans Affairs Medical Center in White River Junction in Vermont , also countered suggestions that CRP is a valuable risk marker for cardiovascular disease .
They analyzing CRP levels among a representative sample of 21,004 U.S. adults measured in NHANES from 1999 through 2002 .
They found levels of CRP ranged from 0.1 to 296 mg/L , with a mean of 4.3 .
“ Recently , researchers have begun to use a CRP level of 2 mg per liter or greater as the threshold for defining high cardiovascular risk , ” they wrote .
“ The proportion of people with a level of 2 mg per liter or higher is substantial at all ages ( e.g. , 41 percent among those 20 to 29 years of age versus 62 percent among those 80 years of age or older ) .
Half of U.S. adults have levels greater than 2 mg per liter , highlighting the need for caution in accepting this threshold as the definition of high risk before there is clear evidence of benefit from randomized trials . ”
C-reactive protein is a protein that can rise with short - term infections , injuries or inflammatory process anywhere in the body .
Elevated levels are found associated with everything from anger and stress to arthritis , cancer , lupus , connective tissue disease , inflammatory bowel disease , pneumonia , tuberculosis , with oral contraceptive and pregnancy , heart attacks , surgery , trauma , burns , strenuous exercise , and countless conditions .
Marketing or the best science ?
Prevention sounds good , but the JUPITER study was n’t a CRP study , so why is it being interpreted as one and led to calls to test every healthy adult for CRP and put anyone with levels above 2 mg / L — half of every adult in the country — on statins for life ?
When claims go beyond the science , then other possible influences warrant a look .
The lab test itself costs $ 50 - $ 80 apiece , according to Business Week and AstraZeneca 's stock climbed 45 % after JUPITER was halted last March .
Crestor costs $ 1,400 a year , according to Forbes .
If publicity of this trial increases the number of people taking statin , business analysts estimate that AstraZeneca ’s already $ 3.5 Billion in annual sales for Crestor will double over the next five years .
But if the clinical guidelines are changed , suggesting as is being said that 7 to 10 million more American adults would warrant statins ; to meet federal guidelines ( those performance measures ) , that could potentially mean $ 14 Billion a year for the drug company .
According to the JUPITER disclosure : “ The trial was financially supported by AstraZeneca .
The sponsor collected the trial data and monitored the study sites but played no role in the conduct of the analyses or drafting of the manuscript and had no access to the unblinded trial data until after the manuscript was submitted for publication . ”
The authors ’ full disclosures are below . *
The lead author , Dr. Ridker at Brigham and Women ’s Hospital co-invented a CRP test , with the patent held by Brigham and Women ’s Hospital and patent rights have been licensed to Dade Behring and AstraZeneca .
Dr. Ridker told the Washington Post that he and his hospital receive royalties from the CRP test .
The newspaper reported that that was no reason to doubt the study ’s findings .
I ca n’t even do the math for the potential royalties on doing a CRP screening test on half of the adults in this country .
But add that to the costs for all of the labwork for monitoring patients on statins for myopathies , kidney and liver damage .
Then , there are the costs of caring for the 300,000 new cases a year of diabetes this study suggests …
Add that to our country ’s healthcare and government public health expenditures that are already in crisis , glutted by waste and ineffective preventive health interventions .
This illustrates the importance of science and basing public health policies and clinical guidelines on the soundest clinical evidence , with proven benefits that outweigh the costs and risks for patients .
The price of not doing so are too great .
© 2008 Sandy Szwarc
* JUPITER Disclosures :
Here 's hoping it does n't eat all the way through the floor .
QC is looking to hire some employees !
We ship so much stuff that we need someone to help us do it .
Are you interested ?
Then click here for more info !
The LGBTerrific shirts are only on pre-order until FRIDAY !
Grab one while you can !
Okay time to go yell at the television and drink a beer every time McCain says " maverick . "
I expect to die of alcohol poisoning .
If not , see you tomorrow .
At some point in your virtual travels around online comment boards , you may have seen someone utter the phrase , " You win the Internet . "
Often a sarcastic quip , it 's used as a commendation for doing something particularly well on the Web -- whether it be an amusing remark , a well - made website or an outstanding contribution .
Without derision , I would like to congratulate the president - elect :
You , sir , won the Internet .
Of course , I 'm not the first to notice such an achievement .
Throughout his campaign , Barack Obama 's crowd was lauded for its extraordinary ( for a politician ) use of well - designed websites and participation in social media dens , like MySpace , Facebook and Digg , to leverage an increasingly tech - savvy populace of voters .
Blogs discussed " Obama 's social media advantage " -- not a huge shocker considering his opponent , Sen . John McCain , with his tortured fingers , was a self - confessed computer illiterate .
The Times Technology Blog published a post titled " Obama , the first social media president . "
Marketing professionals took notice , creating websites like TechPresident and Barack 2.0 , to track Obama 's use of social media .
Barring maybe long - shot Republican presidential hopeful Rep. Ron Paul , Obama 's campaign put together the most plugged - in presidential run of any candidate in history .
He Twittered his heart out ; he was Linked In ; it was Eventful .
And then election day rolled around , and the flame began to Flickr .
Now , the profiles have gone dark .
The houses are ....
Sarah Palin Palin said it was “ cowardly ” for people to criticize her conduct during the campaign anonymously .
Palin allies :
She 's no diva
After enduring three days of brutal postmortem attacks , Sarah Palin and a group of Republicans who worked with her during the presidential race are pushing back hard against claims that she was a “ diva ” who helped tank John McCain ’s campaign .
" I never asked for anything more than a Diet Dr Pepper once in a while , " Palin told reporters as she returned to the governor ’s office Friday .
Advertisement
She said she “ never forced anybody to buy anything for her ” — a reference to the $ 150,000 in clothes and makeup the RNC purchased .
And , as the Associated Press reports , she lashed out at unidentified GOP sources who told Fox News that she did n’t know that Africa was a continent and could n’t name the parties to NAFTA .
Palin said it was “ cowardly ” for people to make those charges anonymously .
The back - and - forth between Palin , her fans and her foes is a continuation of a feud that began even before the campaign ended , when Palin loyalists charged that she had been mishandled and her critics called her a “ whack job ” who was mostly out for herself .
And it underscores the degree to which the No. 2 on the ticket continues to overshadow the principal .
Now , though , the stakes are even greater , as the conversation about who Palin is — and whether she helped or hurt the GOP ’s prospects this year — shapes the party ’s future , determining whether the suddenly famous 44 - year - old becomes the party ’s heir apparent , a cringe - inducing footnote or something in between .
The Republicans who worked most closely with Palin — the ones who were with her from when she first walked into that swooning Ohio basketball arena in August until she walked off the stage after McCain ’s concession speech in Phoenix Tuesday — are now having their say in that conversation .
And they want it known that they ’re sick of Sarah Palin being dragged through the mud .
“ It ’s depressing , ” said Steve Biegun , a veteran foreign policy hand who tutored and staffed Palin and traveled with her through the fall .
“ We worked our asses off .
It was a tough campaign .
Then we have this ? ”
Biegun emphatically made the case for his much - maligned former boss .
“ I think she was fantastic .
She just brought a special energy to our ticket .
Look , I was there at those rallies . ”
Adds another former campaign aide : “ You know what she did for us .
She certainly solidified a hell of a lot of [ previously unenthused Republicans ] . ”
Without question , Palin offered McCain a boost of energy that he ’d lacked since winning his party ’s nomination .
She gave the party ’s base something to be excited about , nearly overnight drawing wildly enthusiastic crowds , more grassroots volunteers and a spike in small - dollar fundraising .
But she also wound up appealing less to supporters of Hillary Clinton and skeptics of President Bush than McCain aides had hoped ; instead , she reinforced the ticket ’s standing with voters already inclined to pull the Republican lever .
And polls show that she actually turned off some of the moderate and independent voters she was picked , in part , to attract .
Still , she remains beloved by much of the GOP base , and top party officials are already predicting that she ’ll be their top fundraising draw going into the 2010 cycle .
That she remains a player and may be the party ’s nominee in four years would make it smart politics for Republican staffers to praise her in print .
But those who went on the record suggest that they were doing so out of genuine affection for Palin and a sense that the image of her coming out of the election — that of a self - absorbed conniver — was not indicative of the person they knew .
“ I ’m appalled by it because Sarah Palin was one of nicest people I have ever had the chance to work with , ” says Biegun , a former Bush NSC aide .
“ I ’ve worked in Washington for 20 years , on the Hill , in the White House and in the private sector , and she ranks at the highest levels of decency , kindness and graciousness of anybody I ’ve ever worked with . ”
Biegun said Palin ’s generous spirit was on clear display the final weekend of the campaign , after she was subjected to a prank call by a pair of French Canadian radio DJs imitating French President Nicolas Sarkozy .
“ I approved the call and was in abject horror of what I had done , ” he recounted .
“ But she said , ‘ Look , it ’s not about whose fault this is , do n’t beat yourself up , let ’s just move on . ’ "
Nicolle Wallace , a senior adviser to McCain who helped on the Palin account early on , said Friday on NBC that the governor was “ perhaps the most un - diva politician I 've seen . "
Twelve hours before Palin said all she ’d ever asked for was a Diet Dr Pepper , Wallace told NBC : “ The only thing I ’ve seen her ask for is a diet soda . ”
In an email , Wallace noted that Palin “ drew huge crowds and excited and animated the Republican faithful . ”
Another of Palin ’s closest aides over the last two months , also fed up with the criticism , recounted a trying campaign — but insisted that the Alaska governor should n’t bear the blame .
“ Gov. Palin was a breath of fresh air , particularly for those of us who 've been living in the Washington bubble , ” said Tracey Schmitt , the vice presidential nominee ’s traveling spokeswoman and a veteran of the RNC and both Bush campaigns .
“ Because she is a working mom , she brought a real sense of perspective to the campaign trail , which was important . ”
Schmitt said that Palin ’s effort on McCain ’s behalf was a dogged one — that she was completely devoted to helping the man who made her famous .
“ She was tireless on the stump and would have shaken every hand on the rope line if there were time , ” Schmitt recalled .
“ It was evident that this work ethic and enthusiasm was fueled by her sincere commitment to helping Sen. McCain get elected . "
Two other McCain aides who were pressed unexpectedly into Palin duty also have only positive things to say about her now .
“ One of the great developments of this campaign is the addition of Sarah Palin as a powerful and energetic new voice in American public life , ” said Taylor Griffin , a McCain press aide who had been focusing on economic issues until he was dispatched to Alaska in late August .
“ She 's smart , insightful , and has an uncanny ability to ask the right questions . ”
John Green was McCain ’s Capitol Hill liaison for much of the year but was quietly tasked this fall with helping Palin deal with some of her Alaska - related issues , spending significant time there and with her on the campaign trail .
“ I thought she was an exceptional political person , but more than that an exceptional person , ” Green said .
“ She ’s in line with conservative principles and is an everyday Republican — what we ’re going to have to find more if we ’re going to get back to being a majority party . ”
There is a reason , Green noted , why Palin had an 80 percent approval rating in Alaska .
As for the questions raised in recent days about her basic level of competence on policy issues , Biegun conceded that Palin could n’t compare to Joe Biden ’s 35 years of experience .
But , he said , they should n’t have tried to even bother .
“ We kept falling into a resume matching contest , ” Biegun lamented .
Has Obama Taken Away Our Guns
Yet ?
NO
Rory Cellan- Jones
Who or what decides whether a new gadget flies - or fails ?
Is it the quality and quantity of the advertising ?
The reviews in newspapers and magazines ?
Word of mouth among consumers ?
Or , in the UK at least , could it be the views of Stephen Fry ?
In the old days , any new product launched by a major consumer brand was accompanied by a marketing blitz that would almost guarantee decent early sales .
Then eventually the reviews in newspapers and specialist magazines and word - of - mouth from happy or disgruntled consumers would determine whether a new car , camera - or mobile phone - would be a long - term hit or miss .
Now the whole process has been accelerated by the web and is far more difficult for companies to control , with early pictures and opinions emerging online before the real " specialists " have had a chance to deliver their judgment .
But with so many different views of products - from technology blogs , from specialist online forums , from any old Facebook friend - it becomes difficult for consumers to filter the noise and get a clear view .
That is where a " trusted guide " like Stephen Fry comes in .
As well as being a much - loved entertainer , Mr Fry has built a reputation as one of Britain 's most knowledgeable gadget lovers - though as the second person in the UK to buy a Mac ( after Douglas Adams ) , his passion for anything made by Apple is pretty clear .
He is particularly keen on smartphones and has written at length about the various delights and disappointments of using them .
So along comes the Blackberry Storm , with an avalanche of advertising from Vodafone - which has the exclusive contract in Britain - and plenty of excitable speculation amongst the kind of people who really , really care about whether a new mobile phone has wi-fi , and whether it can turn the bath on before they get home .
Then on Twitter , where he has quickly built an audience of more than 20,000 followers , came this series of messages from Stephen Fry :
" Been playing with the BB Storm .
Shockingly bad .
I mean embarrassingly awful .
Such a disappointment .
Rushed out unfinished .
What a pity . "
" Yes , I blame n'works more than RIM .
Problems are terrible lag : inaccurate t'screen , awful , slow and fiddly text input .
I SO wanted to like it . "
" Plus the GPS maps wo n't work - issue with BIS connections .
I see from forums postings this is widespread in the UK .
iPhone killer ?
Ha ! "
Those short bursts of instant reaction were then recycled and passed on by other Twitter users .
As the " Twitterati " tend to be early adopters who are likely customers for new smartphones , this is a more important audience than its numbers might suggest .
Mr Fry was by no means the only expert to be deeply unimpressed by BlackBerry 's new baby .
David Pogue of the New York Times , another very influential technology pundit , has also given it a stinker , and his views are now racing around networks like Twitter .
I 'm sure there will still be some decent sales figures for the Storm in the early weeks - unless that advertising blitz has been completely misdirected - but what a high - end product like this need is a buzz of anticipation and that 's been silenced by Messrs Fry and Pogue .
So a couple of " trusted guides " - or " super- advocates " as someone else described them - could have sealed the fate of a product of huge importance to both RIM and Vodafone .
What 's the lesson for the gadget - makers ?
Maybe they need to spend more time hanging out on social networks and listening to what is being said .
Or perhaps they should get their products thoroughly tested by Stephen Fry and David Pogue before they are launched - rather than sit and watch their damning views go viral .
And having had my say , what does Stephen Fry himself think ?
I asked him - this was his response :
Crumbs Rory !
Do I have the power to kill a gadget ?
Of course , like all pusillanimous people I enjoy the idea that I could make a gadget - but break one ?
If I really thought my influence was that great it might make me a little wary of being quite so definite and it would probably force me to be more specific about all the features / pricing / services , as a responsible tech journalist should be .
As it is , I hope people know I am no more than an enthusiastic , passionate amateur ( I 'm including the French sense of the word amateur - lover ) .
It gives me no pleasure to be negative about the BB Storm and I know that many people have been looking forward to receipt of theirs and were very disheartened to hear my loud disappointment .
But , honestly : play with the Storm for two days as I have and you will admire my patience at not throwing it out of the window ... I do like the Bold though .
Could live with that .
But to return to your point .
The net should make us all equal in our influence .
Okay - more equal .
My mother makes the best apple cake , and has for as long as I can remember .
Big cinnamon -y chunks of apple nestle into a coffee cake I would call “ unbelievably ” moist , but really , should not be hard to believe considering that my mother is also the one who brought us another of the best cake recipes on this site , The Chocolate Chip Sour Cream Cake .
The cake gets better the second day , when the apples juices seep further into the cake and I have seen the conviction of many a chocolate - obsessed / fruit dessert non-believers crumble upon trying a single slice of it .
The apple cake , it ’s some good stuff .
Not above pilfering content for my website from my nearest and dearest , I talked my mom into coming over ( and heaving up all 51 stairs –she likes to count them ) on Sunday to bake the cake with me for the New Years dinner at my in - laws today .
I wanted to get the recipe down , but also to get the back story on the cake recipe .
In bits and pieces , I remember it being called at different times a “ German Apple Cake ” and a “ Jewish Apple Cake ” , though what made it either was unclear .
I suspected that if was indeed German , it came over with her parents as they escaped the Holocaust .
I imagined that my grandmother and her mother before her must have made this cake often , as it uses such simple ingredients but the final product is so much better than the sum of its parts .
As it turns out , the actual story is , uh , a little less romanticized .
My mother has been making this cake not for 60 - something years , but since I was a kid .
And the recipe , it did n’t come from her mother or her mother ’s mother ( “ My mother ?
Bake a cake ?
Ha ! ” my mother said . ) but a clipping that a neighbor gave her from some now - defunct magazine .
Entirely crushed that the recipe involves no escapes from terror , no bits of the old country , no tales of war rations or ingredients that do n’t translate well into English , I briefly considered where my more interesting history of the cake should be the only story I tell , but alas , I am a terrible liar and find the vast expanse between my version and the actual truth to be as funny of a story as any .
My grandchildren , however , will be able to talk all about how this recipe was passed down their crazy Grandma Deb ( with the awesome hair , I hope they ’ll add ) , because we ’re not getting rid of it any time soon .
One year ago : Bronx - Worthy Bagels
Two years ago : Flower Cupcakes
Mom ’s Apple Cake
Refreshed : September 2015 with fresh photos , a couple additional notes and a slightly streamlined process .
Hooray !
For the apples
6 apples , Mom uses McIntosh apples , I use a mix of whatever looks good
1 tablespoon ground cinnamon
5 tablespoons ( 65 grams ) granulated sugar
For the cake
2 3/4 cups ( 360 grams ) flour
1 tablespoon baking powder
1 teaspoon fine sea or table salt
1 cup ( 235 ml ) vegetable oil ( safflower , sunflower , olive and coconut oil also work , as does melted butter )
2 cups ( 400 grams ) granulated sugar
1/4 cup ( 60 ml ) orange juice
2 1/2 ( 13 ml ) teaspoons vanilla extract
4 large eggs
1 cup ( 130 grams ) walnuts , chopped ( optional and to be honest , we never use them )
Heat oven to 350 °F ( 175°C ) .
Grease a tube pan .
( I use this one or an equivalent one - piece tube . )
Peel , core and chop apples into 1 - inch chunks .
Toss with cinnamon and 5 tablespoons sugar and set aside .
Stir together flour , baking powder and salt in a large mixing bowl .
In a separate bowl , whisk together oil , orange juice , sugar , vanilla and eggs .
Mix wet ingredients into dry ones ; scrape down the bowl to ensure all ingredients are incorporated .
Pour half of batter into prepared pan .
Spread half of apples ( and their juices ) over it .
Pour the remaining batter over the apples and arrange the remaining apples on top .
Bake for about 1 1/2 hours , or until a tester comes out clean . *
Cool completely before running knife between cake and pan , and unmolding onto a platter .
Do ahead :
This cake is awesome on the first day but absolutely glorious and pudding - like on the days that follow , so feel free to get an early start on it .
I keep it at room temperature covered with foil .
* Tip :
The apples love to hide uncooked pockets of batter , especially near the top .
Make sure your testing skewer or toothpick goes not just all the way down to the bottom , but does a shallow dip below the top layer of apples to make sure it comes out batter - free .
Should your cake be browning too fast , before the center is baked through , cover it with foil for all but the last few minutes in the oven .
Do More : Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
Print
Email
The day we brought my new - born son home to our Brooklyn apartment , an article in the New York Times pointed out that " a black male who drops out of high school [ in the US ] is 60 times more likely to find himself in prison than one with a bachelor 's degree " .
These are the kind of statistics I often quote in my work .
But this time it was personal .
Looking down at him as he snoozed in the brand new car seat , I thought : " Those are not great odds .
I 'd better buy some more children 's books . "
Over the next few weeks , as we fumbled with the nappies , pram , barfing and burping , a new , previously unthinkable option for black American males emerged : the presidency of the United States .
Osceola was born on the weekend Barack Obama declared his candidacy .
This prompted conversations that I would not have had otherwise .
His success , I was told , would signify great things for my son .
Osceola would grow up with an assumption that the highest office in the land was open to him .
That the future could be his .
That there was , I was told , nothing that this child could not achieve .
Back in February 2007 , when Obama announced his candidacy , this never made much sense to me .
The fact that my son suddenly has a tiny theoretical chance of getting to the White House is less important than the more real chance of his ending up behind bars ( one in three black American boys born in 2001 will do so ) or dead ( three black kids are shot every day ) .
I wanted a president who could change the odds for the many rather than raise the stakes for a few .
I did n't care what they looked like .
It was n't that I did n't understand the symbolic importance of his bid .
I just did not want to mistake it for substance .
On a political level , I have always thought he was interesting .
Obama 's announcement came 18 months after hurricane Katrina put black America 's collective deprivation and individual success clearly on display .
One man can rise to the presidency and a whole community can sink into the Gulf of Mexico : anything , I thought , really is possible .
And with three days to go before election day , it looks like the US stands on the verge of making the historic decision to put a black man in the White House .
This was no reflection on Obama .
Everything I 'd heard about him - not least his opposition to the Iraq war at a time when such a position was unpopular - was impressive .
But his two years in the Senate suggested he was pretty mainstream and even , at times , a little suspect .
He 'd supported Joseph Lieberman ( a Democrat who is now supporting John McCain ) in his primary Senate campaign against an anti-war campaigner .
And he voted to confirm Condoleezza Rice as secretary of state .
It was n't obvious to me that he would be any better than some other generic Democrat with different pigmentation .
The idea that his presidency would mean anything for Osceola 's life never really crossed my mind .
To express such scepticism before many Obama supporters was to be accused of cynicism .
The true believers do not just want you to drink the Kool Aid .
They demand that you chug it .
The people my scepticism vexed most were white liberals .
Obama had become prey to the soft bigotry of unreasonable expectations .
Describing the crowd 's reaction to him in Rockford , Illinois , Time 's Joe Klein noted : " The African Americans tend to be fairly reserved ...
The white people , by contrast , are out of control . "
They had found a black politician they felt comfortable with , and wanted him to be everything : Martin Luther King , John F Kennedy , a griot , president , vice - president , motherhood and apple pie .
They prattled on about a post- racial America as though the Jena Six never happened and Sean Bell , a unarmed black man from Queens who was riddled with bullets on his wedding day , was still alive .
My wife , who is African American , shared my reservations about Obama , but saw things differently .
She remembers the thrill of being a young girl when the black Democrat Harold Washington was elected in her hometown , Chicago .
She liked him because her parents liked him .
She could see it was important , but she did n't know why .
" My dad grew up being told a black person could n't be a pilot , and my son is growing up knowing that a black person can be president , " she said .
" It 's not that racism is gone , it 's just that it 's not about the idea that all black people are excluded on the basis of their race from any part of society or any particular job .
That was the racism my parents grew up with and that is now one generation removed from Osceola . "
Her dad became a pilot , as did her brother .
Of course , Obama is n't standing for Osceola 's benefit - which is just as well , because if Osceola could vote he would most likely support Elmo for mayor of Sesame Street .
But in a sense these projections lie at the heart of any thoughtful appraisal of the racial dynamics underpinning Obama 's candidacy .
The desire to believe we are in a paradigm - shifting moment must be set against the fact that not every historic first changes the course of history .
Changing our understanding of what is possible does n't , in itself , create new possibilities .
I watched Obama accept the Democratic nomination with my mother - in - law , Janet , in a cinema on the southside of Chicago .
Janet was raised in the South with the laws that put her at the back of the bus .
As a teenager she went with her mother to see Martin Luther King speak in Philadelphia , listening in the overflow in the vestry because there were too many people in the church .
She was the one who first told me about Obama in 2003 .
She got involved in his primary campaign for the Senate when he did n't have a prayer , after she 'd seen him on the local public channel , when he was a state senator .
" He seemed like a bright guy , " she says .
" He reasoned his way through things and was always very impressive . "
She particularly liked his stance on the war .
When he said he was running for Senate , she signed up as a volunteer .
And now , here we were just five years later seeing him clinch the deal in Denver on the big screen .
At one point , when he recalled his anti-war speech in 2002 , she punched my arm .
" I was there . "
As she drove me to my hotel , she would occasionally say to no one in particular : " I just do n't believe it . "
Whether Osceola would ever be able to relate to what a momentous time this is for Janet remains to be seen .
But her response made me think that the late comedian George Carlin was wrong .
Symbols are too important to be left to the symbol - minded .
By that time , my thinking on Obama had evolved .
Not so much because of the man , but the moment .
The atmosphere during this campaign has been unlike anything I 've ever seen in a western country .
To see so many people - particularly young people - engaged and hopeful about their political future after eight depressing years is inspiring .
The last time I saw it was in South Africa 's first democratic elections in 1994 .
Walking down Sumter Street during Charleston 's Martin Luther King day parade , watching white volunteers chant : " Obama '08 !
We 're ready .
Why wait ? " gave political voice to an America I never doubted existed , but had yet to see .
Among them was a young man who was " so depressed " after Obama 's New Hampshire defeat that he had dropped everything he had been doing in Guatemala and flown back to help out .
Local African Americans lined the sidewalks , cheering encouragement .
Obama 's victory in Iowa had proved that a black candidacy was not a pipe dream .
It was a moment .
Fleeting and maybe even fatuous .
But nonetheless a political moment that produced hopeful human engagement .
Within half an hour it had evaporated .
The white volunteers went back to the office and black people went back to their homes in the poorest parts of town and waited for change .
But that did n't mean it did n't happen or that it could n't happen again .
Nor was there anyone else who could make it happen .
A couple months later came Obama 's race speech in Philadelphia in response to the attacks on his pastor , Jeremiah Wright , in which he addressed black alienation and white disadvantage , set them both in a historical context , and then called on people to rise above it .
It was a tall order .
He pulled it off .
That weekend , a friend invited us to brunch with a group of other black people to discuss the fallout .
There were nine of us ( 10 if you include Osceola , who yanked a blind from the window ) .
It was a typical boho ( black bohemian ) Brooklyn crowd of voluntary sector workers , teachers and the like .
Most , like me , had been ambivalent about Obama at the outset .
But his candidacy was becoming a vehicle for something bigger : a teachable moment about the potential of anti-racist discourse .
A year before , Hillary Clinton 's chief strategist , Mark Penn , laid out a plan of attack against Obama .
" All of these articles about his boyhood in Indonesia and his life in Hawaii are geared towards showing his background is diverse , multicultural and putting that in a new light .
Save it for 2050 .
It also exposes a strong weakness for him - his roots to basic American values and culture are at best limited .
I cannot imagine America electing a president during a time of war who is not at his centre fundamentally American in his thinking and in his values ...
Let 's explicitly own ' American ' in our programmes , the speeches and the values .
He does n't ...
Let 's use our logo to make some flags we can give out .
Let 's add flag symbols to the backgrounds . "
Clinton rejected Penn 's advice , but McCain pretty much adopted it .
And at this point it appears to have failed .
This time Republicans have misread white America 's appetite for divisive racial rhetoric and overestimated its fear of the other .
The fears and division are still there .
But whatever the result on Tuesday , they are clearly no longer the decisive mobilising force they once were .
If there is promise in here for my son , it is not so much that he is capable of doing anything he wants - I am his father and it's my responsibility to teach him that - but that white people wo n't necessarily stop him .
What that does for his odds of finishing high school or going to jail remains to be seen .
In the meantime , I 'm off to the bookshop .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Louisiana has displaced Mississippi as the unhealthiest U.S. state and other Southern states were close rivals due to high obesity and smoking rates in new rankings that deemed Vermont the healthiest .
A Lower Ninth Ward resident removes belongings from his Federal Emergency Management Agency trailer before evacuating New Orleans ahead of Hurricane Gustav , August 30 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Lee Celano
The overall health of Americans remained static for a fourth year , according to an annual report issued on Wednesday assessing a series of measures also including binge drinking , health insurance coverage , air pollution , infectious disease rates , crime levels and immunization coverage .
Many Southern states were clustered near the bottom of the rankings .
The region has some of the highest rates of obesity , which contributes to heart disease , stroke , diabetes and some types of cancer , as well as high rates of smoking , which causes cancer , lung disease , heart disease and other problems .
One in five Louisianians lacked health insurance , while 31 percent were obese .
It also suffers from high child poverty , infant mortality , premature death rate and cancer deaths , according to the report .
“ We ’ve just not made any improvement in the overall healthiness of the nation , ” said Dr. Reed Tuckson of UnitedHealth Group Inc , the largest U.S. health insurer , and the private United Health Foundation .
The foundation , American Public Health Association and the Partnership for Prevention advocacy group put together the 19th annual state - by - state rankings .
It was the second straight year that Vermont topped the rankings .
It was followed by Hawaii , New Hampshire , Minnesota , Utah , Massachusetts , Connecticut , Idaho and Maine .
Louisiana fell from 49th to 50th , replacing Mississippi .
Rounding out the bottom 10 were South Carolina , Tennessee , Texas , Florida , Oklahoma , Arkansas , Nevada and Georgia .
California , the most populous state , ranked 24th and New York 25th .
Vermont , with the second smallest population of any state , had the third - highest public health spending and an obesity rate of 22 percent , four points below the national average .
It also had low child poverty and violent crime , a large number of doctors per capita and good high school graduation rates .
Hawaii had similarly low obesity , the highest public health spending , little air pollution , low rates of uninsured people , a low rate of preventable hospitalizations and low rates of death from cancer and cardiovascular disease .
Mississippi led the nation in obesity at 33 percent of the population , while Colorado was lowest at 19 percent .
President - elect Barack Obama and leading lawmakers want to engineer a major reform of U.S. health care , which leaves 45.7 million people without coverage while costing more than any other national health system .
The United States trails many other industrialized nations in infant mortality , life expectancy , mortality for treatable conditions and overall health care system performance .
This is a story about M.R.I. ’s , those amazing scans that can show tissue injury and bone damage , inflammation and fluid accumulation .
Except when they can’t and you think they can .
I found out about magnetic resonance imaging tests when I injured my forefoot running .
All of a sudden , halfway through a run , my foot hurt so much that I had to stop .
But an M.R.I. at a local radiology center found nothing wrong .
That , of course , was what I wanted to hear .
So I spent five days waiting for it to feel better , taking the anti-inflammatory drugs ibuprofen and naproxen , using an elliptical cross- trainer , and riding my road bike with its clipless pedals that attach themselves to my bicycling shoes .
By then , my foot hurt so much I had to walk on my heel .
I was beginning to doubt that scan : it was hard to believe nothing was wrong .
So I went to the Hospital for Special Surgery in New York for a second opinion from Dr. John G. Kennedy , an orthopedist who specializes in sports - related lower - limb injuries .
And there I had another M.R.I .
It showed a serious stress fracture , a hairline crack in a metatarsal bone in my forefoot .
It was so serious , in fact , that Dr. Kennedy warned that I risked surgery if I continued activities like cycling and the elliptical cross- trainer , which make such injuries worse .
And I had to stop taking anti-inflammatory drugs , since they impede bone healing .
The legal counterclaims filed against Apple by illicit Mac clone maker Psystar have been dismissed by US District Judge William Alsup .
In his 19 - page decision , issued today , Alsup determined that Apple does not appear to violate the Sherman Antitrust Act , the Clayton Act , or the Cartwright Act by tying its operating system to its own hardware , and that Psystar failed to provide sufficient legal support for its assertion that the Mac OS itself constitutes a market .
Psystar began selling its EULA - breaking Mac clones in April of this year , when it introduced the $ 399 OpenMac .
Psystar 's machine is an upgradeable tower that apparently uses modified firmware in order to run Mac OS X . While Apple 's EULA forbids running Mac OS X on non-Apple hardware , Ars received a " no comment " from Psystar in April about the whether it viewed the EULA as an issue , and the company 's clones eventually began shipping .
Finally , some three months after Psystar first entered the scene , Apple filed a lawsuit against the company , alleging violations of Apple 's licenses , trademarks , and copyright .
Then , in August , Psystar returned fire , suing Apple for anticompetitive restraint of trade .
During a press conference at the time , Psystar owner Rudy Pedraza said that he hoped to have Apple 's EULA ruled invalid and that all Psystar wanted to do was to make Mac OS X " more accessible " to the general public .
In October — surprise ! —Apple filed to have Psystar 's counterclaims dismissed .
The company asserted that Psystar was simply trying to avoid being held responsible for taking actions that the company knew were unlawful .
" Psystar asserts deeply flawed antitrust counterclaims designed to have this Court force Apple to license its software to Psystar , a direct competitor , " wrote Apple at the time .
" The Court should reject Psystar ’s efforts to excuse its copyright infringement , and dismiss these Counterclaims with prejudice . "
That ( finally ) brings us to where we are today .
According to Judge Alsup , a market is rarely defined by a single company 's product or brand , and Psystar had failed to offer sufficient support for its theory that the Mac OS makes up an entire market of its own .
Additionally , he determined that Psystar 's claim that Apple 's machines are more expensive than similarly - configured computers running other OSes does n't necessarily signal a distinct market either .
Psystar itself admitted in its counterclaims that , although Apple enjoys strong brand recognition and loyalty , it is not lacking competition —
Alsup points out that Psystar failed to explain why these competitors should be excluded from the definition of the relevant market .
Apple 's extensive advertising campaigns were another point raised by Psystar ; Alsup appeared to be perplexed by this .
" Those advertising campaigns more plausibly support an interference contrary to that asserted in the counterclaim — vigorous advertising is a sign of competition , not a lack thereof , " he wrote .
For these reasons , Judge Alsup granted Apple 's motion to have Psystar 's counterclaims dismissed .
This does not mean that the case is over , however .
Psystar has 20 calendar days to amend its claims , before they are dismissed permanently .
And , of course , Apple 's own case against Psystar will continue to move forward .
After suffering sweeping legal blows during the dismissal of its counterclaim , however , Psystar looks to be on legal thin ice .
Further reading :
Finally , you can experience the thrill of driving a bus from Tucson , Arizona to Las Vegas , Nevada in real - time .
Inspired by the unreleased Sega CD videogame , this is Desert Bus .
Desert Bus is designed for people who do not like violence in their games , for those of us who prefer more realistic gaming scenarios .
Be prepared to fight driver fatigue as the highway seems endlessly long , smooth and monotonous .
Score 1 point for every 8 hours of driving .
The bus veers to the right , just ever so slightly , to keep the player active at all times .
Your journey begins with this Java 1.5 Web Start link : http://www.meatfighter.com/j4k2009/desertbus/desertbus.jnlp
D = Gas Pedal
Arrow Keys = Steering Wheel
Esc = Exit
Hack up the source code here : http://www.meatfighter.com/j4k2009/desertbus/desertbus_src20081227.zip
Learn more about the original Desert Bus here .
J4 K 2009
Michael Connell , the crucial techno- lynch pin in the theft of the 2004 election , and much more , is dead at the age of 45 .
His unnatural , suspicious death raises serious questions about the corruption of the American electoral process that now may never be answered .
Connell died Friday , December 19 when his Piper Saratoga plane crashed near his northern Ohio home .
He was flying himself home from the College Park , Maryland airport .
An accomplished pilot , flying in unremarkable weather , his death cuts off a critical path to much of what may never be known about how the 2004 election was shifted from John Kerry to George W. Bush in the wee hours of November 2 .
His plane crashed between two houses in an upscale neighborhood , one vacant , just 2.5 miles from the Akron - Canton airport .
A long - time , outspokenly loyal associate of the Bush family , Connell created the Bush - Cheney website for their 2000 presidential campaign .
Connell may have played a role in various computer malfunctions that helped the GOP claim the presidency in 2000 .
As a chief IT consultant and operative for Karl Rove , Connell was a devout Catholic and the father of four children .
In various statements Connell cited his belief that abortion is murder as a primary motivating factor in his work for the Republican Party .
Connell recently wrote the following in his New Media Communications newsletter , regarding Barack Obama 's election : " In our 230 year history , our democracy has suffered worse fates .
It 's just that none come to mind right now . "
Connell wrote : " This is just a moment in time and this too shall pass .
Enduring is the fact that 2000 years ago , a babe was born in Bethlehem .
When our Lord God sent his only Son for our salvation , ... In spite of the current economic and political conditions , salvation is eternal .
" Ohio Republican Secretary of State J. Kenneth Blackwell hired Connell in 2004 to create a real - time computer data compilation for counting Ohio 's votes .
Under Connell 's supervision , Ohio's presidential vote count was transmitted to private , partisan computer servers owned by SmartTech housed in the basement of the Old Pioneer Bank building in Chattanooga , Tennessee .
Connell 's company , New Media Communications worked closely with SmartTech in building Republican and right - wing websites that were hosted on SmartTech servers .
Among Connell 's clients were the Republican National Committee , Swift Boat Veterans for Truth and gwb43.com .
The SmartTech servers at one point housed Karl Rove 's emails .
Some of Rove 's email files have since mysteriously disappeared despite repeated court - sanctioned attempts to review them .
In 2001 , Michael Connell 's GovTech Solutions , LLC was selected to reorganize the Capitol Hill IT network , the only private - sector company to gain permission from HIR [ House Information Resources ] to place its server behind the firewall , he bragged .
At 12:20 am on the night of the 2004 election exit polls and initial vote counts showed John Kerry the clear winner of Ohio 's presidential campaign .
The Buckeye State 's 20 electoral votes would have given Kerry the presidency .
But from then until around 2 am , the flow of information mysteriously ceased .
After that , the vote count shifted dramatically to George W. Bush , ultimately giving him a second term .
In the end there was a 6.7 percent diversion --- in Bush 's favor --- between highly professional , nationally funded exit polls and the final official vote count as tabulated by Blackwell and Connell .
Until his death Connell remained the IT supervisor for six Congressional committees .
But on the day before the 2008 election , Connell was deposed by attorneys Cliff Arnebeck and Bob Fitrakis about his actions during the 2004 vote count , and his continued involvement in IT operations for the GOP , including his access to Rove 's e-mail files and the circumstances behind their disappearance .
Various threats have been repeatedly reported involving Connell and other IT experts close to the GOP .
On July 24 , 2008 , Arnebeck emailed Attorney General Michael Mukasey , stating : " We have been confidentially informed by a source we believe to be credible that Karl Rove has threatened Michael Connell , a principal witness we have identified in our King - Lincoln case in federal court in Columbus , Ohio , .... " Connell 's death comes at a moment where election protection attorneys and others appeared to be closing in on critical irregularities and illegalities .
In his pre-election deposition , Connell was generally evasive , but did disclose key pieces of information that could prove damaging to Karl Rove and the GOP .
Examining attorneys in the King - Lincoln - Bronzeville civil rights lawsuit , stemming from the 2004 election theft , were confident Connell had far more to tell .
There is widespread concern that this may be the reason he is now dead .
Revised December 29 , 2008 ---------- Bob Fitrakis & Harvey Wasserman have co-authored four books on election protection , including AS GOES OHIO and HOW THE GOP STOLE AMERICAS 2004 ELECTION ... , available at www.freepress.org , where this article first appeared .
They are attorney and plaintiff in the King - Lincoln - Bronzeville civil rights lawsuit which subpoenaed and was deposing Michael Connell .
Sailors , fishermen and cruise passengers should be on the alert .
If anybody spots a yellow rubber duck bobbing on the ocean waves , Nasa would like to know .
The US space agency has yet to find any trace of 90 bathtub toys that were dropped through holes in Greenland 's ice three months ago in an effort to track the way the Arctic icecap is melting .
Scientists threw the ducks into tubular holes known as " moulins " in the Jakobshavn glacier on Greenland 's west coast , hoping they would find their way into channels beneath the hard - packed surface , to track the flow of melt water into the ocean .
" We have n't heard anything from them yet , " Nasa robotics expert Alberto Behar told the BBC .
Also missing is a football - sized floating robotic probe equipped with a GPS positioning transmitter and powered by hi-tech batteries .
It has failed to communicate its position .
" We did not hear a signal back , so it probably got stuck under the ice somewhere , " said Behar .
The experiment was intended to examine the movement of glaciers , which has speeded up in recent years .
Scientists believe that melting water lubricates the bases of glaciers .
Although low - tech , the $ 2 ducks were chosen for their buoyancy and for their ability to withstand low temperatures .
Nasa is offering a modest prize of $ 100 to the first person who finds a duck .
The ducks have an email address stamped on them , together with the word " reward " in three languages , including Inuit .
Nouriel Roubini
Roubini Global Economics
September 30 , 2008
It is obvious that the current financial crisis is becoming more severe in spite of the Treasury rescue plan ( or maybe because of it as this plan it totally flawed ) .
The severe strains in financial markets ( money markets , credit markets , stock markets , CDS and derivative markets ) are becoming more severe rather than less severe in spite of the nuclear option ( after the Fannie and Freddie $ 200 billion bazooka bailout failed to restore confidence ) of a $ 700 billion package : interbank spreads are widening ( TED spread , swap spreads , Libo - OIS spread ) and are at level never seen before ; credit spreads ( such as junk bond yield spreads relative to Treasuries are widening to new peaks ; short - term Treasury yields are going back to near zero levels as there is flight to safety ; CDS spread for financial institutions are rising to extreme levels ( Morgan Stanley ones at 1200 last week ) as the ban on shorting of financial stock has moved the pressures on financial firms to the CDS market ; and stock markets around the world have reacted very negatively to this rescue package ( US market are down about 3 % this morning at their opening ) .
Let me explain now in more detail why we are now back to the risk of a total systemic financial meltdown …
It is no surprise as financial institutions in the US and around advanced economies are going bust : in the US the latest victims were WaMu ( the largest US S&L ) and today Wachovia ( the sixth largest US bank ) ; in the UK after Northern Rock and the acquisition of HBOS by Lloyds TSB you now have the bust and rescue of B&B ; in Belgium you had Fortis going bust and being rescued over the weekend ; in German HRE , a major financial institution is also near bust and in need of a government rescue .
So this is not just a US financial crisis ; it is a global financial crisis hitting institutions in the US , UK , Eurozone and other advanced economies ( Iceland , Australia , New Zealand , Canada etc. ) .
And the strains in financial markets – especially short term interbank markets – are becoming more severe in spite of the Fed and other central banks having literally injected about $ 300 billion of liquidity in the financial system last week alone including massive liquidity lending to Morgan and Goldman .
In a solvency crisis and credit crisis that goes well beyond illiquidity no one is lending to counterparties as no one trusts any counterparty ( even the safest ones ) and everyone is hoarding the liquidity that is injected by central banks .
And since this liquidity goes only to banks and major broker dealers the rest of the shadow banking system has not access to this liquidity as the credit transmission mechanisms is blocked .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Energy chief backs futures market data Agency wo n't confirm or deny investigation into reports ' reliability
Samuel Brown , U.S. secretary of energy .
Samuel Brown , U.S. secretary of energy .
Photo : CHARLES CROWELL , BLOOMBERG NEWS Photo : CHARLES CROWELL , BLOOMBERG NEWS Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Energy chief backs futures market data 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
U.S. Energy Secretary Samuel Bodman defended the reliability of market data supplied to the Energy Information Administration and said he was unaware of a probe of participants providing false information .
The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday that the Commodity Futures Trading Commission is examining whether certain players provided false data to the EIA , the statistical arm of the Energy Department , to benefit their trading positions .
The agency would not confirm or deny the inquiry .
Earlier this year the commission took the unusual step of announcing a nationwide investigation into the trading , purchase , shipping and storage of crude oil .
" The CFTC has already announced one enforcement action in the crude oil markets that resulted from the agency 's nationwide crude oil investigation , and these investigative efforts are ongoing , " said Ianthe Zabel , an Energy Department spokeswoman .
" Ensuring the integrity of the futures markets is critical , particularly in the energy sector , given the impact energy prices have on all consumers , " Zabel added .
The commission has been under pressure from Congress to stiffen oversight of markets amid record prices .
Crude oil futures contracts touched an all - time high of $ 147.27 a barrel in July .
A spokesman for the Energy Information Administration said the EIA has shared information with the regulator .
" We believe our data is reliable , " said Jonathan Cogan , a spokesman for the agency .
The EIA gets its data from bulk terminals , refineries and pipelines , he said .
The EIA prepares the weekly petroleum status report , which includes inventories , based on company submissions as of 7 a.m. the preceding Friday .
Companies are required by law to provide the data .
White House embarrassment rises with donor scandal Andrew McLemore
Published : Saturday December 27 , 2008
Print This Email This The White House faced yet another crisis Friday as a photo emerged of President Bush shaking hands with Robert Toussie , the father of the pardoned , and then unpardoned , housing scammer Isaac Toussie .
The photo was taken in early 2008 , and it is unclear whether it was taken before or after the family contributed nearly $ 40,000 to the Republican National Committee .
Toussie had already become a monumental gaffe for the White House after President Bush pardoned him Tuesday , and then rescinded the pardon after reading about his political contributions the following day .
Both Toussies , father and son , face lawsuits that accuse them of robbing hundreds of minorities who bought overpriced houses .
Isaac Toussie pleaded guilty in 2001 to lying to the Department of Housing and Urban Development to get mortgages for unqualified homebuyers .
Rep . Anthony Weiner is deciding what to do with $ 9,900 in campaign cash from the Toussie family for his 2009 mayoral campaign .
It remains unclear why the Toussies gave Weiner ( D - Brooklyn , Queens ) such a large contribution .
UPDATE : Check out " Seven ( More ) Gadgets Killed by the Cellphone "
Calling a cellphone a mere phone seems a little silly these days .
The little pocket wonders now do so much they are really handheld computers .
With extras .
The process of mashing one or more gadgets together in the same box used to be called convergence , but that approach quietly died as the mobile phone ate up any and every rival device .
So successful has this been that whole product categories have had the life choked out of their twitching bodies by the phone .
The following list is an obituary to five of them , plus a look at the cellphone 's next victim .
The PDA
Remember the PDA ?
Right back to the Psion Organizer in 1984 ( above ) , the PDA has essentially been an electronic calendar , address book and notepad .
And right back to the Psion , with its squishy , non-QWERTY keyboard , they 've been harder to use than their paper equivalents .
Still , despite this , it took the cellphone to finally kill them off .
The fatal shortcoming ?
The address book .
Who on earth would take out their PDA , call up a contact and then tap the phone number into their phone ?
Nobody , which is why , as the calendaring functions of phones got better , the PDA was quietly retired .
The Camera
We 're not saying that the standalone camera is dead .
Far from it — one look in the street will show you how popular is the modern DSLR .
But for people below a certain age , the camera phone is the one they use , and it has already killed off the cheap , junky bottom end of the digicam market .
It 's easy to see why : Although the pictures from the small sensors might not be great , the camera phone is always in your pocket , and you can snap and send pictures over the network in seconds .
This convenience more than makes up for the noisy pictures .
Remember the saying :
The best camera is the one you have with you .
The UMPC
The Ultra Mobile PC was a failed experiment , although once in while a company will drag the rotting corpse from its comfortable grave , slap on a bit of makeup and try to sell the idea again .
The reason ?
Cellphones .
Think about it :
The UMPC was a full - fledged computer crammed into a tiny box with an impossible - to - use keyboard , with pathetic battery life and a hilariously high price tag .
The phone , in contrast , offers an operating system and interface designed for the modest hardware on which it will run .
It 's cheap , and the battery lasts for days .
Better still , phones are only getting more powerful .
The iPhone and the G1 are both handheld computers which happen to have a phone attached .
And if you really do need a bigger screen , you can pick up two or three netbooks for the price of one UMPC .
The Phone
Hands up who still has a home land line with a telephone attached ?
Now , keep your arm in the air if you ever make calls on it .
We do n't see many hands .
We still keep these old tethered phones around , for calling the emergency services if nothing else , or because its cheaper to buy an all - in - one package from the local telco .
But the main phone for many people is the cellphone .
Part of this is the convenience of always having it with you , even in the house .
But we think a bigger part is that the humble telephone just has n't kept up with technology .
The handsets just do n't have the features we 're used to .
And when we do use a land line , we look up the number on our cellphone and then type it in .
Small wonder that most people just press the green button on the mobile instead .
The MP3 Player
Almost every phone comes with an MP3 player .
We guess that in a few years , even the iPod will be dead , replaced entirely by the iPhone ( and the iPod Touch , which is really just a cellphone without a phone ) .
Music playback and a headphone jack is now a standard feature on even the cheapest of handsets ( with some notable exceptions ) .
Our prediction ?
The MP3 player will join the PDA in the gadget graveyard within a few short years .
Next : The Notebook
It will take some time , but it 's easy to imagine the cellphone completely replacing the laptop for mobile use .
Sure , we might keep one at home for work , but the cellphone already does most of what our notebooks do .
We can listen to music , play movies and use the internet .
One day , those big old , battery - sucking computers will be an amusing relic .
Ironically , these future phones might be lacking the one thing that gave them their name — a phone .
When fast data connections are ubiquitous , voice traffic will inevitably be sent over the internet .
\ –
Liked this story ?
You might also enjoy these posts from Wired.com 's Gadget Lab :
Photo : Wikipedia
If you 're planning on pedal - pushing your way through Downtown , watch out .
The Austin Police Department has its eyes peeled for scofflaw bicyclists who do n't bother to follow traffic laws .
Cops confirm they 've been cracking down on cyclists since August , based on a purported increase in citizen complaints , violations observed by officers , and bike - related accidents .
Meanwhile , reports of mass - ticketing and heightened police scrutiny have been circulating the bike community 's online watering holes , where bike advocates argue that singling out cyclists is unjust when drivers are just as likely to make poor decisions as bicyclists .
" This is one of many initiatives conducted by the Downtown - area command to make the area safer , " said APD Lt. Patrick South .
Officers are looking for common bike violations , said South , as well as those that have been prompting the most complaints and causing public safety concerns for bicyclists , motorists , and pedestrians .
Those violations include running red lights and stop signs , crossing the wrong way into traffic , and riding on sidewalks .
APD has received complaints from large businesses , community leaders , citizens , and workers Downtown , he said .
" The intent is n't to issue a ticket ; the intent is to gain compliance to the traffic codes we 're trying to enforce , " South said .
" If we need to issue a citation to a repeat offender , we 'll do so , but ordinarily on the first offense , we 'll try to give a warning .
...
If we can avoid one severe vehicle collision with this effort , then I feel it's a success . "
Levels of cycling experience and education differ widely in Austin , as do attitudes on how cyclists should behave in auto - dominated traffic .
The League of American Bicyclists certifies instructors to teach people how to ride in traffic .
Any league - certified teacher will tell cyclists to follow the same traffic laws as cars , ride as far to the right as is safe , use front and rear lights , and never do anything to make a motorist slam on the brakes .
" Bicyclists fair best when they act and are treated as drivers of vehicles , " said LAB Education Director W. Preston Tyree .
However , many otherwise law - abiding riders openly justify treating red lights like stop signs because sensors that trigger the lights to change cannot detect bikes .
Others argue that if no one 's around , it 's okay to treat stop signs like yield signs to conserve momentum .
This practice is lawful in Idaho and Montana , and legislatures in both California and Oregon have considered similar stop - and - roll laws .
Regardless of the rules , there are also cyclists who simply do n't know how or where they 're supposed to ride , in addition to those who treat biking like an all - out , anarchistic urban rally .
Meanwhile , the burgeoning popularity of fixed - gear bikes ( or fixies ) and their contribution to complaints of lawlessness have been hotly debated within the cycling community .
Fixie riders can't stop pedaling while their wheels are in motion , making them more likely to roll through traffic lights and stop signs .
These bikes were designed for track racing and are characterized by their inability to coast and the way their pedals are fixed to the wheels via the chain .
The racing versions have no brakes , and it 's fairly common to see brakeless fixies on the street , another controversial topic .
Fixies have become wildly popular within major cities nationwide , including Austin .
South said he was unaware of fixed - gear bikes and that APD does n't discriminate based on the type of bicycle being ridden .
" While operating a bicycle in a public roadway , you are required to follow all Texas motor - vehicle laws , " he said , noting that the majority of Downtown lights are on timed cycles , so bikers need n't worry about perpetually waiting at a deserted traffic light .
Since August , APD has been able to obtain a level of compliance within the biking community without having to issue many citations , he said , adding that " the officer will view the totality of each situation . "
Still , cycling advocates say that valuable resources such as public education , creative policy - making ( such as stop - and - roll laws ) , and better bike facilities could go a lot further .
According to records obtained from the Austin Municipal Court , a total of 108 citations have been issued to bicyclists citywide since the beginning of August .
They show fines ranging from $ 10 to $ 275 , averaging about $ 175 .
Two cyclists were arrested in July , one in August , and another at the Critical Mass group ride in October .
So far , busted cyclists are n't claiming bogus charges or harassment , though a handful have reported officers ' confusion about how to cite them as a bicyclist and inconsistent policies in the courts relating to whether bike tickets affect one 's driving record .
Rob D'Amico , president of local transportation - cycling advocacy group League of Bicycling Voters , said part of the problem is that " cyclists have been marginalized for so long that they do n't feel they 're part of the transportation system and therefore do n't always follow the rules . "
It 's unfair to target bikes until they 're fully integrated into the transportation mix , he said .
He recommends that all cyclists educate themselves on safe riding , consider taking a safety course such as the Road 1 class offered by the Austin Cycling Association ( www.austincycling.org), follow all traffic laws , and watch to ensure that motorists do , too .
D'Amico – who has served on the Street Smarts Task Force , which advises the city on promoting biking as a mainstream transit mode – said the city " needs to get some of the recommended big signature - level bike facility projects on the table now .
We 're falling so far behind other cities – even those our size . "
" The theory goes that if bicycles and motor vehicles follow the same rules , we 'll have fewer incidents where the two conflict , " South said .
" Overall , patience and calmness are key to arriving at your destination . "
While APD was n't able to supply documentation of the increased complaints and accidents that prompted the bike crackdown , it 's likely that the rise in unlawful cycling can be tied simply to this year 's widely observed rise in the number of folks bicycling for transportation .
Bike transportation boosters hope the growing ranks of cyclists will not only educate themselves but become involved in related political processes , such as the ongoing update of the city 's 12 - year - old bike plan , which includes long - sought - after bike facilities such as off - street bikeways and more car - free bike lanes .
While the likelihood of such improvements remains uncertain , there is one thing that 's guaranteed :
If you break the law in front of APD , you 're getting busted .
I was fascinated to discover the auction hybrid site swoopo.com ( previously known as telebid.com ) .
It 's a strange combination of eBay , woot , and slot machine .
Here 's how it works :
You purchase bids in pre-packaged blocks of at least 30 .
Each bid costs you 75 cents , with no volume discount .
Each bid raises the purchase price by 15 cents and increases the auction time by 15 seconds .
Once the auction ends , you pay the final price .
I just watched an 8 GB Apple iPod Touch sell on swoopo for $ 187.65 .
The final price means a total of 1,251 bids were placed for this item , costing bidders a grand total of $ 938.25 .
So that $ 229 item ultimately sold for $ 1,125.90 .
But that one final bidder got a great deal , right ?
Maybe .
Even when you win , you can lose .
Remember that each bid costs you 75 cents , while only increasing the price of the item 15 cents .
If you bid too many times on an item -- or if you use the site 's " helpful " automated BidButler service , which bids on your behalf -- you 'll end up paying the purchase price in bids alone .
For this item , if you bid more than 305 times , you 've paid the purchase price -- and only raised the cost of the item by $ 45.75 total .
OK , so bidding a lot is a bad idea , so maybe we only bid one time , or a few times , and near the end of the auction ?
Great plan , except the auction is extended 15 seconds each and every time someone bids in those final seconds .
There are absolute end dates for the auctions , but they 're usually so far in the future that the auction will end through attrition long before they reach their end date .
I 've often wondered if eBay would implement this feature , as it would effectively end last second sniping , a huge problem for auction sites .
Well , beyond the obvious problem with auctions , which is that the most optimistic person sets the price for everyone else .
There 's something else at work here , though , and it 's almost an exploit of human nature itself .
Once you 've bid on something a few times , you now have a vested financial interest in that product , a product someone else could end up winning , rendering your investment moot .
This often leads to irrational decisionmaking -- something called the endowment effect , which has even been observed in chimpanzees .
So instead of doing the rational thing and walking away from a bad investment , you pour more money in , sending good money after bad .
It 's pretty clear to me that swoopo is n't an auction site .
It bills itself as " entertainment shopping " .
I think it is in fact a lottery ; the only way to win here is sheer dumb luck .
Or , of course , by not playing at all .
But wait -- it gets worse !
Swoopo also offers
Penny auctions , where each bid only increases the price of the final item by 1 cent , while still costing you 75 cents .
, where each bid only increases the price of the final item by 1 cent , while still costing you 75 cents .
FreeBids auctions , where the item up for grabs is Swoopo bids .
Near as I can tell , this is swoopo printing their own money .
, where the item up for grabs is Swoopo bids .
Near as I can tell , this is swoopo printing their own money .
100 % off auctions , where the " winner " ( and I use this term loosely ) pays nothing for the final item , regardless of what the final price is bid up to .
Imagine the bidding frenzy on this one at 75 cents a pop .
, where the " winner " ( and I use this term loosely ) pays nothing for the final item , regardless of what the final price is bid up to .
Imagine the bidding frenzy on this one at 75 cents a pop .
Cash auctions , where you win actual real money at the end .
It 's like they 're not even trying to pretend they do n't run a gambling site with these .
It 's not clear that Swoopo even has the items they auction ; they appear to sell first , then use the money they gain from the completed auction to buy and ship the item .
Furthermore , they have a clause in their Help under Delivery and Shipping that lets them ship " equivalent " items :
On rare occasions we are no longer able to source the specific item detailed in the auction .
When this happens , we will contact you and offer to send you an equivalent item of at least equal value .
Many of the products we sell are high - technology items that have a short life - cycle , so often this will mean an upgrade to the newer version of the item .
There are also rumblings that swoopo silently pits users from the different territory websites against each other in individual auctions , such that UK users are unwittingly bidding against US users .
This is done to ensure that there is around the clock bidding to extend auction end dates as long as possible .
In short , swoopo is about as close to pure , distilled evil in a business plan as I 've ever seen .
They get paid for everything up front , and as they drop ship everything there 's no inventory or overhead to worry about .
It is almost brilliantly evil , in a sort of evil genius way .
You can't stop people from endowment effect fueled bidding when they have the individual chance , however small it may be , to win a $ 2,000 television for $ 80 -- while collectively sending the house $ 10,000 or more .
My admiration stops short of sites that prey on the weak and the uneducated -- and of business plans that are almost certainly illegal , at least here in the US .
As always , caveat emptor .
WOLF Online Database Application Platform is architected to help you design , deliver and use multi tenant Software - as - a - Service ( SaaS ) database applications , using only a web browser , with Business Logic , Integration , Interoperability , Security and more ...
Season Wrap-up
The Indians had a disappointing year on all accounts .
Picked by many to go to , and even with the World Series , the Indians underperformed and were marred with injuries to some of their main contributors for most of the season .
They also traded away one Cy Young Award winner , but they did have another Cy Young winner emerge in Cliff Lee .
Some of the young talent proved to have talent that would translate to the big league level , leaving some a bit optimistic for next season .
They finished right at the .500 mark and were in the top 10 in the American League in many categories .
Holes to Fill
Another starter would be nice for the tribe after saying goodbye to CC Sabathia .
Fausto Carmona looks like a star in waiting , but he had an up and down year , so at this point , it ’s hard for the tribe to make a safe bet on him .
The Tribe also traded their fourth starter , Paul Byrd away during the season , so they are going to have to fill that hole some how .
It is likely that Jeremy Sowers and Aaron Laffey will make the team , but there seems to be an opening in the rotation that will be up for grabs at least until Jake Westbrook comes back from surgery during the middle of the season .
The bullpen definitely needs some work and the Indians are actively looking for a closer after seeing many attempts fail during the season .
As reported earlier by BaseballReflections.com , the Indians are in pursuit of a few top name closers .
Among them are Trevor Hoffman and Kerry Wood .
Adding another bat in a corner outfield position would n’t be so bad either .
Although they have some young talent in the outfield , none of them seem to hit with the power that is really expected from the corner positions these days .
Free Agents
Amazingly , the Indians do not have any free agents .
They traded away Sabathia , Byrd and Casey Blake , which left them with no deals to strike during the off season .
The only thing they have to worry about is whether Shin Soo Choo can get some sort of discharge from the South Korean military , which does n’t seem likely at this point .
In terms of spending in free agency , the Indians are not generally big spenders , but they could go after someone who they think can add some strength to the outfield in a platoon position .
Injuries
The Indians should have many key players including designated hitter Travis Hafner , catcher Victor Martinez and second baseman Josh Barfield back from injury .
While it seems that Hafner has stopped hitting since he was awarded his contract , this should afford the Indians with a boost to their line - up that was badly needed during the last season .
The Outlook
At this point , it ’s really hard to tell what the Indians are going to do .
There have been a few rumors about trades , but it ’s always been hard to tell at this point in the season if there is any truth to those rumors .
If the Indians can return everyone who was injured back to form and can fill a few holes in their pitching rotation and bullpen , they should be able to compete in a division that does n’t have a strong contender .
Finishing with a win total in the upper eighties should put them in the running for the division .
Brown asks state high court to overturn Prop.
8 THE BATTLE OVER SAME - SEX MARRIAGE
Attorney general changes his mind , wo n't defend ban on same - sex marriage
This combination of three photos shows , from left , Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , Attorney General Jerry Brown and San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom .
Handsome , charismatic and politically bold , Gavin Newsom and his Southern California counterpart , Antonio Villaraigosa , are naturals to take over California 's Democratic Party for the next generation .
There 's just one obstacle , and he's a formidable one : Former two - term governor Jerry Brown .
( AP Photo ) less
This combination of three photos shows , from left , Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa , Attorney General Jerry Brown and San Francisco Mayor Gavin Newsom .
Handsome , charismatic and politically bold , Gavin ... more Photo : AP Photo : AP Image 1 of / 4 Caption Close Brown asks state high court to overturn Prop. 8 1 / 4 Back to Gallery
State Attorney General Jerry Brown , in a surprise turnabout , asked the California Supreme Court on Friday to overturn Proposition 8 , saying the voter - approved ban on same - sex marriage violates basic rights guaranteed in the state Constitution .
Brown , who is required to defend state laws unless he cannot find reasonable legal grounds to do so , said after Prop. 8 passed Nov. 4 that he would support the initiative before the state 's high court .
But in a lengthy filing late Friday , he argued that the constitutional amendment was " inconsistent with the guarantees of individual liberty " in California 's governing charter .
" Proposition 8 must be invalidated because the amendment process cannot be used to extinguish fundamental constitutional rights without compelling justification , " Brown said .
The authors of the state Constitution , he said , did not intend " to put a group 's right to enjoy liberty to a popular vote . "
Hours earlier , sponsors of Prop. 8 filed arguments asking the court to uphold the ballot measure , which passed with a 52 percent majority .
Andrew Pugno , attorney for the Yes on 8 campaign , said he was disappointed by Brown 's stance .
" It 's unfortunate that the attorney general would not do his duty to defend the will of the voters , " Pugno said .
The position of the attorney general , the state 's top lawyer , ordinarily carries considerable weight with the court .
Brown 's office was on the losing side , however , when the court overturned California 's previous ban on same - sex marriage in May .
Asked about his change of position , Brown said Friday evening that since his initial comments the day after the election , he and senior lawyers in his office had looked closely at the court 's precedents and at the recent marriage ruling and concluded they could n't defend Prop .
8 .
" We have a conflict between the amendment power ( through voter initiatives ) and the duty of the Supreme Court to protect minorities and safeguard liberty , " Brown said .
Fundamental rights in the state Constitution , including the right to marry that the state 's high court has recognized , " become a dead letter if they can just be amended " by popular vote , Brown said .
The Yes on 8 forces ' brief was filed by Kenneth Starr , the former Whitewater special prosecutor and now dean of Pepperdine University law school .
He argued that the court should preserve the people 's lawmaking powers by upholding the initiative and invalidating 18,000 same - sex weddings performed before the election .
Prop. 8 " does not broadly seek to diminish or eliminate the constitutional or civil rights of gays and lesbians , " but is simply " about restoring and maintaining the traditional definition of marriage , " Starr said .
Decades of legal precedents , he said , require " judges - as servants of the people - to bow to the will of those whom they serve . "
The court ruled 4 - 3 on May 15 that California 's ban on same - sex marriage violated the constitutional rights of gays and lesbians to marry the partner of their choice and discriminated on the basis of sexual orientation .
Prop. 8 amended the state Constitution to overturn the ruling and declare that only marriage between a man and a woman is " valid or recognized in California . "
The court is reviewing lawsuits filed by gay and lesbian couples and by an array of local governments , led by San Francisco , that contend the ballot measure exceeded the legal limits on initiatives by destroying fundamental rights and stripping judges of their authority to protect a historically persecuted minority .
Such profound changes , the plaintiffs argue , amount to a constitutional revision - not merely an amendment - and require a two - thirds vote of the Legislature to reach the ballot .
The justices could hear the cases as early as March and would be required to rule within 90 days .
Other interested parties on both sides are scheduled to submit written arguments Jan. 15 .
Starr argued Friday that Prop. 8 is a relatively modest measure and not the type of far - reaching change that qualifies as a constitutional revision .
" It simply reinstates the traditional definition of marriage without any impact on the foundational powers of government , " he wrote .
Judges , Starr said , retain their power to interpret the law and have never held a " mandate to protect minority rights or ensure equality apart from the law . "
He also said Prop. 8 's language , declaring that only marriages between men and women are " valid or recognized , " invalidates all same - sex marriages conducted in California and bars the state from acknowledging those performed elsewhere .
That intention was underscored by Yes on 8 ballot arguments declaring that only opposite - sex marriages would be recognized in the state " regardless of when or where performed , " Starr said .
Brown disagreed on that issue as well , saying in his brief that Prop. 8 did not explicitly state it would apply retroactively .
If upheld , he said , the measure should be interpreted to apply only to marriages performed since it passed .
The attorney general agreed with Starr that the ballot measure is not a constitutional revision and does not weaken judicial powers .
But Brown said Prop. 8 conflicts with the Declaration of Rights , the basic guarantees of liberty declared in the first sentences of California 's Constitution .
As the " chief law officer of the state , " Brown said in his brief , he is " duty bound to uphold the whole of the Constitution " and not merely the power of the people to change the laws by initiative .
Alan Stock , CEO of Cinemark Theaters , donated $ 9,999 to anti-gay Prop .
8 . According to AmericaBlog , it 's " time to avoid this cinema like the plague . "
But what say you ?
Cinemark operates 2700 screens in 13 countries in North and South America .
In San Francisco they own CinéArts at the Empire ( in West Portal ) and Century 9 San Francisco Centre ( at the Westfield Mall ) .
Go here for a complete list of Bay Area theaters .
Oh , and Defamer has more on how it might affect the Sundance Film Festival if the Utah - penalizing boycott is actualized .
« Go back a post || Return to G - A - Y homepage || Haul tail to next post »
11/05/2008
The anti-think tank that tanked our equality
by Jeremy Hooper
A Prop 8 loss is n't just a blow to gay people -- it 's a loss for THINKING people .
It 's also a loss for those who understand the law and fairness under the same .
And the fact that this deceptive , anti-intellectual , " protect the children " bullshit worked ?
Well , it makes us sad for all parents who wish to protect their own children from aggressive ignorance !
Seriously , this is what beat us :
We make years of eloquent legal arguments about our right to liberty and justice , but all they have to do is put on a Chicken Little costume and warn about the rapidly descending sky .
We use frank messaging , and they create ridiculous constructs about " protecting marriage . "
We get the endorsement of every reasoned body of intellect out there , and they claim the endorsement of Jesus .
The lesson , California kids :
If you put your mind to something , you can accomplish your dreams .
Unless , of course , you have an organized opposition dead set to prove the unconquerable power of the " ignorance is bliss " message .
* facepalm *
Your thoughts
Yet another thing to add to the extensive list of problems exacerbated by religion .
I mean , seriously , even I did n't realize the legal differences between a civil union and marriage , I did n't know that the marriage license allows for much more partner rights .
I wonder sometimes if we 'll ever get to a point where a country can elect at a candidate who is n't bound by pointless sky - daddy superstitions , or having his life run by a book that for every answer it's " goddidit " .
But no , were a candidate to claim he were an atheist , it would be political suicide .
Religion is a major problem in society akin to a mental disorder ... we can't force people to give it up , because that would diminish freedom of speech .
We can only hope that people realize the harm of blindly following an old 1000 year old book full of errors and inconsistencies , education is the only way .
Posted by : Incognito | Nov 5 , 2008 10:47:23 AM
Jeremy - this is JUST FOR YOU From here on out whenever a Mormon " couple " sets foot on my porch to proselytize I have a leaf rake on my porch with a 5 foot handle that I will ram up their " whazoo " as I explain it 's being done on behalf of my friend , Jeremy , for their godless Prop 8 work in California .
With luck it will come out the other end ( your choice of end , kid ! ) ...
Posted by : tom | Nov 5 , 2008 10:49:57 AM
Sorry , JH for you and for all who believe in truth , love and freedom .... and I thought I lived in a progressive state .
Posted by : LOrion | Nov 5 , 2008 11:07:18 AM
I 've posted the list of prop 8 endorsers , including those businesses that should be avoided , the churches that must lose their tax - exempt status and the public officials we must remove from office .
Not listed are those within our own community who did n't serve us well .
The MEUSA leader who took two 2 - week vacations in the last two months of the campaign , the Democratic Club president who followed suit , etc .
Posted by : dan | Nov 5 , 2008 2:54:38 PM
Ya ' know it 's that last commercial that really kills me .
They 've got ABSOLUTELY NO IDEA of what it 's like for their person & property to be beaten , defaced , & destroyed !
What 's a little graffiti compared to generations of Matthew Sheppards ??!!
Posted by : Valerie22475 | Nov 5 , 2008 7:10:44 PM
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
Disqus
G - A-Y Comments Policy
The Alliance for Climate Protection , a group founded by Al Gore , put together an ad touting the benefits of clean energy projects and attacking big oil companies for blocking their development .
Have a look :
The group says that they submitted the ad to ABC , paying $ 85,000 - $ 100,000 for the airtime .
The plan was to have it air on Sept. 26 , during 20 / 20 .
But that morning , the network rejected it .
In response , Cathy Zoi , the group 's CEO , wrote a letter [ .doc ] to ABC - Disney honcho Anne Sweeney , defending their ad and blasting the network for running ads from fossil fuel companies :
This advertisement simply points out that the massive spending by oil companies on advertising and lobbying is a primary reason our nation has n't switched to clean and renewable sources for our energy .
The assertions that our ad makes are factual , common sense and are needed in the national debate about our energy future .
Your viewers should not be denied the right to hear this point of view .
Your rejection is even more indefensible given the overwhelming number of misleading ads that the oil and coal industry have run on your network .
This year alone , oil and coal companies and interests have spent hundreds of millions of dollars in an effort to convince the American people that they are focused on solving our energy and climate crises .
On its face , these assertions by oil and coal defy all reason .
In short , I am disappointed by the decision you have made regarding this ad .
I sincerely hope that you will reconsider this decision and air this important ad tonight .
ABC did n't .
Instead they aired a different ad from the Alliance in that time slot .
The Alliance launched an email campaign Wednesday , urging supporters to petition ABC to reconsider their rejection .
So far , more than 190,000 people have emailed the network .
But nowhere does the Alliance say what reasons the network gave for rejecting this particular ad .
After all , ABC has other ads from the Alliance .
Why did this particular ad get turned down ?
I rang up ABC 's Broadcast Standards & Practices department and got in touch with a spokeswoman , Julie Hoover , who said she could n't really tell me much .
" The situation is that ABC will not disclose the contents of its communications with its clients , " she said .
She then read a prepared statement : " All of our advertising is reviewed on a case - by - case basis , and the context of this particular ad was determined not to be acceptable per our policy on controversial issue advertising . "
Ms. Hoover said that the network has written ad guidelines , but that they furnish them only to " relevant parties , " a category that does n't include me .
So much for that .
I then spoke with Brian Hardwick , a spokesman for the Alliance , who told me that ABC says they rejected the ad because of a shot of the US Capitol .
He forwarded me part of an email that they say they got from the network on the morning of the day the ad was scheduled to air :
Per our Guidelines , national buildings may be used in advertising provided the depictions are incidental to the advertiser 's promotion of the product or service .
Given the messages and themes of this commercial , the image of the Capital [ sic ] building is not incidental to this advertising .
Please replace the image with one that is not of another national building or monument .
Thank you .
" We thought it was odd , " said Hardwick , who noted that the Capitol was only on screen for a second and a half and that no other network rejected the ad for this reason .
But if it really just comes down to a single shot , why not just tweak the ad and resubmit it ?
Hardwick says that doing so would take money and time , but it also comes down to a matter of creative integrity .
" We made it the way we want to show it , " he told me .
Fair enough , but it all makes me wonder if the Alliance is engaging in what Canadian anticorporate activist Kalle Lasn calls a " win-win strategy . "
In his 2000 book , Culture Jam , Lasn describes how activists can't lose by submitting controversial ads to major networks :
If you are able to buy time and get your ad aired , you win by delivering your message to hundreds of thousands of attentive viewers .
If the networks refuse to sell you airtime , you publicize that fact .
Now you have a news story ( the media are always willing to expose a dirty little secret ) that will prompt debate in your community about access to the public airwaves and perhaps draw more attention to your cause than if the networks had simply sold you the airtime in the first place .
Hardwick says that he would really prefer it if ABC just ran the ad they submitted .
The publicity resulting from he dispute , he says , " is just a byproduct . "
Update : The Alliance 's We Campaign blog reiterates Hardwick 's point :
It ’s true that news and conversation about this controversy raises awareness of our message , and that can sometimes be a kind of advertising in itself .
But that was never our intent .
We did n’t imagine this ad could be viewed as controversial .
And we ’d still prefer for the American people to see our ad .
We ’d still prefer that one of the world ’s largest media conglomerates give Americans the opportunity to make up their own minds about the “ controversial issue ” of repowering America through renewable energy and rejecting our dependence on fossil fuels .
There are two diaries this morning on the rec list regarding the enormity of the economic problems facing the financial markets and the executive power grab .
Here and Here Both ask that you write you Congress person to vote against this bill .
This is excellent , but I do n't feel like it 's enough .
I do n't trust this administration .
Many of you may have received the same e-mail I did , from democrats.com .
Congress Must Demand Bush and Cheney Resign George Bush wants taxpayers to pay $ 700 billion to bail out Wall Street for its reckless investments in mortgage - backed securities .
That 's on top of $ 800 billion for other recent bailouts , including A.I.G. , Fannie Mae , Freddie Mac , and Bear Stearns .
The current financial disaster is the direct result of the Bush - Cheney Administration 's 8 - year policy of deregulation , corruption , and greed .
The Bush - Cheney Administration cannot be trusted to solve the massive problems they created .
Before Congress gives the Bush Administration one dime of taxpayer money for financial bailouts , Congress must demand the immediate resignation of George Bush , Dick Cheney , and Henry Paulson and the appointment of Speaker Nancy Pelosi as President until our next President is sworn in on January 20 , 2009 .
Let 's put the pressure on Congress to address the biggest matter first , and that is to get Bush and Cheney out of office .
Then we can go about the task of fixing the economy without their thumbs on the scale .
Many diaries here have often called for impeachment .
I agreed then .
I adore Dennis Kucinich , and he was my candidate at the beginning of the primaries because of his stance on impeachment .
I now realize that there are too many barriers and disadvantages to impeachment .
There will be obstruction by the administration as they have proven time and time again if we try to go about enforcing the Constitution .
The process will take too long and the general election is just a few weeks away .
Impeachment also carries little weight and no real punishment .
No other punishments may be inflicted pursuant to the impeachment proceeding , but the convicted party remains liable to trial and punishment in the courts for civil and criminal charges .
Democrats need to reject the Shock Doctrine economics of BushCo now .
No , Congress should not impeach them .
Congress should make them resign over this debacle .
Truth is , there are 700 billion ( or more , maybe a trillion ) reasons to hang the responsibility for this over their heads .
And , there is no better time than now to turn Milton Friedman 's ideologies upon them :
" Only a crisis -- actual or perceived -- produces real change .
When that crisis occurs , the actions that are taken depend on the ideas that are lying around .
That , I believe , is our basic function : to develop alternatives to existing policies , to keep them alive and available until the politically impossible becomes politically inevitable . "
I know that the idea of Nancy Pelosi as President will leave a foul taste in some Democrat 's mouths .
But will it as bad as the one in your mouth now , today ?
Let 's start a national call for their resignation .
It 's time to put a stop to the New World Order and dictator George Bush .
Please sign the petition and include a call for resignation in all your letters and calls to Congress .
Do it today .
Hydrogen power has still to take off in a big way ( Image : Philippe Hays / Rex Features )
WHATEVER happened to the hydrogen economy ?
At the turn of the century it was the next big thing , promising a future of infinite clean energy and deliverance from climate change .
Generate enough hydrogen , so the claim went , and we could use it to transform the entire energy infrastructure – it could supply power for cars , planes and boats , buildings and even portable gadgets , all without the need for dirty fossil fuels .
Enthusiasts confidently predicted the breakthrough was just five to 10 years away .
But today , despite ever - worsening news on global warming and with peak oil looming , the hydrogen economy seems as distant as ever .
Even in Iceland , whose grand ambitions for a renewable hydrogen economy once earned it the title Bahrain of the north , visible progress has been modest .
After years of research , the country now boasts one hydrogen filling station , a handful of hydrogen cars , and one whale - watching boat with a fuel cell for auxiliary power .
A trial of three hydrogen - powered buses ended in 2007 , when two were scrapped and the third was consigned to a transport museum .
More trials are planned , but that was before the meltdown of the country ’s banking system .
In California , where governor Arnold Schwarzenegger promised a “ hydrogen highway ” with 200 hydrogen filling stations by 2010 , there are just five open to the public .
Ten hydrogen - fuelled buses are due to come into service in London by 2010 , but a plan for 60 smaller hydrogen vehicles was recently scrapped .
Despite the setbacks , there is still enormous effort going into hydrogen research . …
“ Just give me a damn status ! ” growled Murray , the aging IT project manager who everyone thought would have been retired by now .
In fairness , the fifty - nine year old ’s job performance had n’t waned one bit through his decades - long tenure at Bell Labs .
In fact , some would even say that in his later years , he traded some of his trademarked ferocity for geniality .
“ Dammit , ” Murry barked two seconds later at Tom Limoncelli , one of the developers sitting around the conference table , “ I do n’t have all day !
Give me a status ! ”
“ Okay , okay , ” Tom nervously responded , flipping through some papers , “ we ’re … uh , 30 % through AMQ , 60 % percent towards AMA - 2 , and … err… 100 % for DBD . ”
Murray frowned and gruffly murmured something unintelligible .
That was his way of saying “ thank you . ”
If a project was progressing on time and on budget , Murray ’s mood would be best described as a grumpy indifference .
But if things went awry , his demeanor became more threatening than rabid pack of wolves .
With firearms .
And laserguns .
Murray would n’t hesitate to publically lambast a colleague simply for knowing someone that knew someone who was holding up the project .
And unfortunately for everyone at the weekly meeting , someone was holding up the project .
Although Tom ’s rapidly - delivered , precise status report spared him from Murray ’s wrath , someone else sat squarely on his warpath .
“ And you , ” he seethed , pointing at the junior developers , “ you did n’t give me a status !
I asked for status yesterday , where is it ?
I need a status from you , now ! ”
The junior grimaced .
“ We ’re … not yet at , ” he uncomfortably swallowed , “ at… 30 % of AMA - 3 . ”
Murray ’s face turned a bright red .
He closed his eyes and tightly clenched his fists , forcibly and calmly saying “ that status is unacceptable .
This will put us behind . ”
“ I know , ” he nervously responded , “ we ’ll stay late , come in on the – ”
Murray cut him off , responding with a crescendo of anger .
“ You should have come in LAST WEEKEND !
I NEEDED A BETTER STATUS FROM YOU ! ”
By the time he got to his last words , his fist was pounding on the table .
As Murray continued to berate the developer who had fallen behind , Tom noticed that Chris , one of the other developers attending the meeting , was uncomfortably biting his lip .
He could n’t quite tell if he was holding out for the restroom or holding back a lionesque roar of laughter .
“ This status is meaningless to me now , ” Murray shouted , apparently trying to make the junior cry , “ I needed this status three days ago !
What can I do with this status now ?
Go back in time and assign more resources to get me a better status for today ? ”
This time , someone let out a rather loud snort .
Murray was far too engaged too notice , but Tom ’s eyes shifted towards Chris .
He was definitely holding back laughter , as evidenced by the uncontrollable shakes and the rather ineffective attempts at covering it up with a series of “ cough - ha’s ” .
Thirty minutes later , after Murray had thoroughly chewed out the junior and picked each and every bone clean , the meeting ended with a somber reminder to all , “ the sooner you get me a status , the better it is for everyone . ”
Later that day , Tom ’s curiosity got the better of him and he walked towards Chris ’s cube to see what he was laughing at during the meeting .
After a bit of cajoling , he finally agreed to let Tom in on the joke .
“ Okay , ” he explained , “ so , you know how Murray is always demanding the status ?
Well , whenever he says the word ‘ status ’ , just replace it with … ”
Chris looked over his shoulders and then leaned into Tom , whispering something in his ear .
“ Glow job ? ”
Tom questioned , envisioning the brightly - colored neon lights that some people put on the underside of their car .
His response was met with a blank stare .
“ Ooooh , ” Tom realized , slapping his palm against his forehead .
“ You mean bl — ” he quickly moved his hand to his lips , stopping mid-syllable as not to utter the not - safe - for - work word .
Chris subtly nodded and smiled .
“ Uuuuhhh , ” cringed Tom as he tried to repress any thoughts of that particular activity , especially as it related to Murray .
Tom did n’t think much of the joke until the following week , at their weekly meeting .
Generally speaking , the meetings with Murray were painfully difficult to sit through .
Even when Murray was n’t furious , listening to everyone say , “ I ’m blah - blah percent complete on some - blah - task ” was almost unbearable .
That week , however , the meeting was difficult to survive for an entirely different matter .
As Murray went around the room with his usual criticisms – “ why ca n’t you give me a better status than that ? ” and “ again , this problem is caused by a lack of status ! ” – it became painful to hold back the laughter .
When it came time to once again lash - out at the junior developer , Tom was afraid he would n’t make it .
“ If you do n’t give me a good status right now , ” Murray fumed at the junior , “ I swear … I ’m going to explode ! ”
Try as he might , Tom could n’t bite his lip hard enough to hold back a few snort - filled laughs .
Almost instantly , Murray shot his head towards Tom and stared daggers through him .
“ What ’s so funny ? ” he shouted , “ you ’re still at 30 % AMQ !
Your status was terrible ! ”
This time , Chris could n’t help himself .
His laughter made Murray even more upset , and he just kept harking on about how everyone ’s status was behind .
It did n’t take too long after that for the word to spread across the team and then across the floor .
Eventually , it made its way to other projects and teams throughout Bell Labs .
Although Murray has long since retired , to this day , Tom still avoids the word “ status ” in his meetings .
Sam Esquibel is recovering from surgery US surgeons operating on a brain tumour in a baby boy found a tiny foot inside his head .
Doctors operated on three - day old Sam Esquibel after finding what looked like a microscopic tumour on an MRI scan .
But while removing the growth , they also found a nearly perfect foot and the partial formation of another foot , a hand and a thigh .
The growth may have been a case of " foetus in foetu " in which a twin begins to form within its sibling .
However , the team at Memorial Hospital for Children in Colorado Springs said such cases very rarely occur in the brain .
You 'd never know if he did n't have a scar there
Tiffnie Esquibel
It may also have been a type of congenital brain tumour .
But such growths are usually less complex than a foot or hand , the doctors added .
Unique Dr Paul Grabb , a paediatric neurosurgeon , said Sam was otherwise healthy when he underwent the procedure in October .
" It looked like the breech delivery of a baby , coming out of the brain , " he said .
" To find a perfectly formed structure ( like this ) is extremely unique , unusual , borderline unheard of . "
Sam 's parents , Tiffnie and Manuel Esquibel , say their son is at home now but faces monthly blood tests to check for signs of cancer or regrowth , along with physical therapy to improve the use of his neck .
But they say he has mostly recovered from the operation .
" You 'd never know if he did n't have a scar there , " his mother said .
Mr Dominic Thompson , a consultant paediatric neurosurgeon at London 's Great Ormond Street Hospital , said there were probably fewer than 100 recorded cases of foetus in foetu in the medical literature .
He said another possibility was that the tumour was of a type called a teratoma , which can include tissue such as muscle and fat , and more rarely bone and teeth .
However , he said the available details from the US case suggested that foetus in foetu was the most likely explanation , as the tissue was so exceptionally well formed .
Trevor Lawson , of the charity Brain Tumour UK , said : " Even with modern imaging techniques , surgeons can't be entirely sure of what they 'll find when they go into the skull .
" Even so , this is an exceptionally rare event .
" It 's good to know that baby Sam is recovering well .
Brain tumours now kill more children than any other solid cancer and it's essential that more research is undertaken to identify what causes them .
" Where appropriate consent is gained , rare events like these can sometimes provide invaluable genetic material that gives an insight into the origins of these traumatic tumours . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Ever wanted to see the back side of the moon ?
Here 's your chance .
In this full - round QuickTime image , use your mouse to view the moon in its entirety ( 1.8MB )
Get QuickTime software Origins
by Peter Tyson
Whence our moon ?
Was it a chunk of Earth flung off in our planet 's early history ?
Did the Earth capture a small , roaming planet in its gravity grip ?
Or did the moon fashion itself alongside our world from the same planetary batter ?
One of the Apollo program 's chief scientific goals was to give lunar researchers the means to decide , once and for all , between these three main theories of how the moon formed .
What transpired in this " battle of the Big Three " after the last Apollo mission flew in 1972 surprised just about everyone .
The story provides a revealing glimpse of the workings of the scientific process , while at the same time opening a window on the origins of what one lunar researcher has called " one of the most peculiar bodies in the solar system " — the moon .
The Big Three Human beings have surely wondered about the moon since they had brains big enough to do so .
Many cultures , from ancient times to the present day , have even worshipped it as a deity .
The Greeks were perhaps the first to study our satellite scientifically .
Using Earth 's shadow on the moon during lunar eclipses as a guide , the third - century B.C. astronomer Aristarchus estimated it lay 60 Earth radii away .
( It was a remarkable guess : in fact , the distance varies between 55 and 63 Earth radii , or 220,000 and 250,000 miles . )
The biographer Plutarch went so far as to posit that people lived on the moon , whose dark regions , the Greeks thought , marked oceans and the bright areas land .
Their belief survives in the Latin names — maria ( seas ) and terrae ( lands ) — by which we know these dark and light regions .
In the 1870s , Charles Darwin 's son proposed that the Earth flung off a portion of itself that became the moon .
Modern scientific study of our neighbor began in 1610 , when Galileo , training his spyglass on the moon , became the first person to see the dark and light regions for what they really were : vast plains and rugged mountains , respectively .
Galileo's famous trial for heresy — for insisting that the Earth revolved around the sun rather than vice verse — apparently kept Descartes from publishing one of the first theories about the origin of the moon until 1664 , long after his own death .
( His theory was essentially an early version of the planet - capture theory . )
Descartes left a fuller explanation for others , admitting " I have not undertaken to explain everything . "
The first moon - origin theory to gain a solid foothold was put forth in 1878 .
That year , George Howard Darwin , son of the famous evolutionist , proposed that Earth spun so rapidly in its early years that the sun 's gravity eventually yanked off a chunk of an increasingly elongated Earth ; that chunk became the moon .
Four years later , the geologist Osmond Fisher added a juicy addendum :
The Pacific ocean basin marks the scar left behind where our future satellite ripped away .
The so - called " fission " theory became the accepted wisdom well into the 20th century , as this quirky , 1936 U.S. Office of Education script for a children 's radio program attests :
FRIENDLY GUIDE :
Have you heard that the moon once occupied the space now filled by the Pacific Ocean ?
Once upon a time — a billion or so years ago — when the Earth was still young — a remarkable romance developed between the Earth and the sun— according to some of our ablest scientists . . .
In those days the Earth was a spirited maiden who danced about the princely sun — was charmed by him — yielded to his attraction , and became his bride . . .
The sun 's attraction raised great tides upon the Earth 's surface . . . the huge crest of a bulge broke away with such momentum that it could not return to the body of mother Earth .
And this is the way the moon was born !
GIRL : How exciting !
The Darwin - Fisher model eventually met with competition from two other theories .
In 1909 , an astronomer with the all - American name of Thomas Jefferson Jackson
See proposed that the moon was a wandering planet that had been snared by Earth 's gravity , like a fly in a spider web .
The third theory , advocated by the astronomer Edouard Roche among others , was coaccretion .
In this model , the Earth and the moon formed independently , side by side as it were , from the same material that formed all the planets of our solar system .
Some clever scientist eventually dubbed the Big Three " daughter " ( fission ) , " spouse " ( capture ) , and " sister " ( coaccretion ) .
Which family member would win out ?
In the years after Gene Cernan , shown here driving the Apollo 17 Lunar Rover , brought back a final batch of moon rocks ( see Last Man on the Moon ) , our understanding of the moon grew by leaps and bounds .
Apollo's Impact
By the end of the Apollo program , lunar scientists had elucidated many aspects of the moon 's history , giving them clues unavailable to the likes of Darwin or See .
Selenology , the study of the origin of the moon , had taken off .
Most of the new evidence came from the more than 800 pounds of moon rocks retrieved by the American and Russian lunar missions .
In many ways , the moon turned out to be quite different from Mother Earth .
Anybody can see that , of course :
It 's airless , colorless , lifeless .
But the differences run deeper .
It is compositionally different , with fewer volatile elements — those that tend to boil off at high temperature .
The moon might have inherited such differences — maria rocks contain no water , for instance , unlike volcanic rocks on our planet — from the impactor .
The lunar samples also suggest that much of the moon may have once been molten ; no definitive evidence exists that the Earth ever melted to such a degree .
And while one - quarter its size , the moon has but one percent of our planet 's mass , and its density more closely resembles that of Earth 's mantle rather than the planet as a whole .
Lunar scientists in the immediate post - Apollo years explained these discrepancies by postulating that the moon had but a tiny core .
In 1998 , the Lunar Prospector , NASA 's first mission to the moon since Apollo , confirmed that the moon 's core indeed comprises less than three percent of its mass .
( By contrast , Earth 's core represents 30 percent of its mass . )
In many ways , the Earth is remarkably similar to its lifeless satellite .
In other ways , the Earth and moon have remarkably similar characteristics .
Studies of radiogenic elements and isotopes in lunar rocks reveal that the two bodies are roughly the same age , 4.5 billion years old .
They also came from the same neighborhood :
Unlike those in all meteorites ever analyzed , the nonradioactive , stable isotopes of oxygen in moon and Earth rocks match like blood types , implying the two spheres formed at the same radial distance from the sun .
Indeed , results from Apollo showed the pair to be more intimately connected than previously thought .
" Apollo tied together for the first time the history of the moon with the history of the Earth , " says William Hartmann of the Planetary Science Institute in Tucson , Arizona .
" It showed us that we live in a system , the Earth - moon system . "
In fact , it 's a pairing unlike any other in the solar system .
Our moon is far more massive relative to Earth , for example , than the satellites of all other planets save Pluto ( whose moon , Charon , is half its size ) .
The Earth - moon system also has an unusually high angular momentum — that is , the sum of the our planet 's rotational velocity and the speed at which the moon orbits the Earth .
So how do the Big Three stand up in the face of all the new evidence ?
Not well , it turns out .
The fission theory might explain the moon 's lack of a large core and the oxygen - isotope similarity , astronomers say , but calculations show that the Earth would have to have had four times its present angular momentum — a lightning - fast rotational speed that astronomers cannot square in their models .
Add to that the understanding reached decades ago that the Pacific basin formed less than 70 million years ago and therefore could not possibly have spawned the moon , and the Darwin - Fisher model suddenly comes up short .
See 's capture theory suffers as well .
The idea that Earth 's gravity caught a rogue planet might explain the compositional differences between the two bodies .
But , then , why does n't the moon have its own regular - sized core ?
And why the oxygen - isotope similarity if the two formed in different parts of the solar system ?
Finally , most modelers deem the chance that a speeding planet would gracefully ease into Earth 's embrace rather than slam into it or career off into space too remote for consideration .
Coaccretion led the pack through the 1970s , because , for one thing , it does n't require a low - probability event like capture .
But today it faces the same problem regarding the core .
As Hartmann says , " It 's very hard to imagine the two bodies growing together but somehow the Earth magically gets all the stuff with the iron in it and the moon does n't get any . "
Even more troublesome , experts say , the theory cannot account for the enormous angular momentum we see in the Earth - moon system today .
Continue : The Big Whack
Explore the Moon | Lunar Puzzlers | Last Man on the Moon
Hear the Space Pioneers | Origins | Resources
Transcript | Site Map | To the Moon Home
Editor 's Picks | Previous Sites | Join Us / E-mail | TV / Web Schedule
About NOVA | Teachers | Site Map | Shop | Jobs | Search | To print
PBS Online | NOVA Online | WGBH
© | Updated November 2000
It has happened yet again .
I 've been brought on for another Django project .
This time it is about taking an existing site for yet another magazine publisher and converting their Wordpress driven site into a real full - blown site complete with blogs , forums , user profiles , dynamic main page content , complete customisation from within the framework and included applications and ultimately a site in which a developer is not needed for day to day changes .
As it exists , this publication is an off shoot of their primary magazine .
A magazine whose website was written and managed by an outside from that I believe coded the entire site so as to require additional invoicing and servicing for all but the most minute changes .
This is a disgusting business model and one with which I 've had the misfortune of experiencing whilst working as a sub-contractor to a sub-contractor for Burlington Coat Factory .
The H - 1B Visa Project Manager who was n't too fond of me because I do n't believe that coding in dress attire and / or a tie makes someone a better worker ( to the contrary , i will NOT wear dress attire for day to day work as it is a pointless expression of old brick - and - mortar mindsets ) .
He also was the first time that I was reprimanded for having an eloquent solution that adapted automatically to the growth needs of the end - clients database / system .
I wrote the software to handle dynamically gathering and sequencing additional ' like ' fields as they were added to Burlington 's transaction schema .
The way I designed and wrote the software , the MOMENT the schema changed , my software contributions would immediately include relevant changes , without a restart of any of the daemons I engineered .
I was told that the reason why i should n't have done this is because the sub - contractor for which i was writing this code could then go back and charge an exorbitant amount of money each time minor changes were made .
This disgusts me , and I find it ethically wrong .
I am an engineer and work independently by choice as I can first and foremost hold myself and solutions I produce , to higher standards ; delivering what my clients want and need , not solely based upon what they say they want and most definitely not building them into a corner for profit over common decency and professional standards .
Once the project has been completed , I will be quite happy to share the url(s ) with CodeDEVL readers .
Labels : Burlington Coat Factory , Django , Engineering , Ethics , H - 1B Visas , principles , Python , software engineering
Ever wonder what happens to old subway cars when subway lines upgrade to newer trains ?
In Beijing at least , the ones used pre-Olympics have been shipped to Sichuan and converted into temporary winter shelters .
Ten DK - 16 trains , each with six cars , are now in Guangyuan , a city north of Sichuan 's capital Chengdu .
Advertisement
Sure , they may not look very homey to us , but they 're an ingenious way to deal with the terrible problem of the thousands left homeless by the earthquake , while making sure older subway models do n't end up in a landfill somewhere .
Altogether , the trains will accommodate roughly 1,200 people .
[ China News ]
And the current lead for Most Awesomest Costume tonight goes to .
Holy crap , McCain was right about socialists / commies / " them " taking over the country !!!
No , not really .
But this guy was simply awesome .
As the M car steamed outbound , you could see the eyes of passersby bulge in disbelief as this reveler went by , leaving a trail of loopy smiles in his wake .
And no matter what party he's off to tonight , best believe it 's gonna be a Communist party up in thurr .
Seen any other costumes that were equally or more awesome ?
( As if that 's possible . )
Tell us about them , link to them in the comments , please .
[ Haskell ] ANN : new community .
haskell.org features : webspace , mailing lists
Hi all , The Community server , http://community.haskell.org/, has two new features for hosted projects .
The first is project webspace .
You can now make a website for your project visible at http://projects.haskell.org/yourproject/
See http://community.haskell.org/admin/using_project.html#projectweb for details .
The second is mailing lists .
You can now create a yourproject at projects .
haskell.org mailing list .
See http://community.haskell.org/admin/using_project.html#mailinglists for details .
For more details about the community server , and to request an account , please see the website at http://community.haskell.org/
Thanks Ian , on behalf of the community admin team
You do n't know ( click ) jack
Robert Lemos
SecurityFocus
Researchers Robert Hansen of SecTheory LLC and Jeremiah Grossman of WhiteHat Security planned to reveal the details of an attack against browsers late last month , yet pulled the presentation at the request of Adobe .
 What we also know is the attack has been largely underestimated and undefended by the Web security community in general .
Post Black
Hat 2008 , some research we were conducting was furthered by using clickjacking . 
The technique , which is also known as user - interface ( UI ) redress and IFRAME overlay , can be used by an attacker to hide a button or link on a legitimate page , such as a bank 's account page or Web mail application , using other Web content to mask the page 's context .
Using well - placed graphics , an attacker could persuade a victim to click where an attacker wants on a page .
While browser makers had known about the possibility of user - interface redress , or " clickjacking " as Hansen and Grossman call the technique , the two security researchers had found at least one major security implication :
The attack also affected one of Adobe 's products .
Hansen and Grossman chatted with SecurityFocus managing editor Robert Lemos to talk about clickjacking as well as possible solutions to the problem .
SecurityFocus :
What is clickjacking ?
How does it work ?
Grossman :
Think of any button -- image , link , form , etc. -- on any website , internal or external , that you can get to appear between the Web browser walls .
This includes wire transfer on banks , DSL router buttons , Digg buttons , CPC advertising banners , and Netflix queues .
Next consider that an attacker can invisibly hover these buttons below the user 's mouse , so that when a user clicks on something they visually see , they 're actually clicking on something the attacker wants them to .
Now , what could the bad guy do with that ability ?
The potential is limitless .
The more we researched , the worse the exploits became .
Several different flaws exposed themselves , making a once underestimated attack technique extremely scary .
Is this a problem that you and Robert discovered ?
Or has it been known before this ?
How did you come to focus on this issue ?
Grossman : Robert and I discovered the clickjacking attack technique for ourselves around a year and a half ago .
Recently we 've been told that the Web browser vendors knew of the issue as early as 2002 .
What we also know is the attack has been largely underestimated and undefended by the Web security community in general .
Post Black
Hat 2008 , some research we were conducting was furthered by using clickjacking .
Why discuss it now ?
Has anything changed in regards to the threat level of this ?
Grossman :
We felt the true power of clickjacking was not well known or fully investigated , so we planned to present it at the OWASP conference .
What we did n't know -- did n't realize -- at the time was that one of our proof - of - concept demo examples used a zero - day in an Adobe product .
This further verifies that clickjacking has many uses other than what people have given it credit for .
What are likely ways that an attacker could use clickjacking ?
Are these easy attacks ?
Grossman :
Other than the examples cited in question # 1 , attackers can also bypass token - based CSRF ( cross site request forgery ) protections .
This on its own is a really big deal .
Is Javascript required to execute these attacks ?
Grossman : Having JavaScript turned on in the Web browser makes clickjacking attacks easier to perform , but strictly speaking it 's not always required for successful exploitation .
Legendary Money Maker
Group : Lifetime Supporters
Posts : 10,619
Dream Points : 25,083
Experience Points : 10,700
Joined : 6 - February 08
Member No. : 30,347
Joined : 6 - February 08 Member No. : 30,347
By Kalena Jordan © 2008
Anyone who spent time online the previous week could not have avoided being exposed to the horrific events of the Mumbai terrorist attack on Thursday .
Those plugged into social media networks such as Twitter and Facebook were privvy to a fascinating but terrible phenomenon .
Online viewers the world over were inundated with live , up to the second footage and news items channeling the Mumbai carnage to their computer screens , literally as it unfolded .
I was logged into Twitter and glued to my laptop screen all day .
Several bloggers residing in India 's financial capital were live - blogging events as they happened and many others who could n't get online were on the phone feeding updates to news agencies and social media sites .
To keep up to date , I relied on Twitter user @ BreakingNewz , who was apparently in touch with several witnesses , hostages and even military personnel that were live at the scene .
The updates I was seeing were minutes , and in some cases , hours ahead of news agencies such as CNN and Reuters .
In fact , the news was so instantaneous that Mumbai police had to step in and ask several live bloggers and Twitterers ( including Breaking Newz ) to stop the updates as they were undermining military operations underway to thwart the terrorists and rescue hostages .
Apparently the terrorists were using the live Internet feeds to pinpoint the location of police determined to stop them .
Which brings up an interesting point : does the immediacy of social media have the ability to kill off traditional news agencies such as CNN and BBC ?
According to Wikipedia , CNN airs to more than 1.5 billion people in over 212 countries and territories .
Impressive , but the Internet has a wider reach and faster growth .
So what about on - the - ground reporters ?
CNN is apparently second only to Britain 's BBC News in terms of the number of employed news journalists and worldwide news bureaus .
To that I say big deal .
There are undoubtedly more people blogging the news in better and faster ways than CNN journalists .
More and more people are ditching their newspaper subscription , switching off the TV and turning to the Internet for their daily news fix .
And why would n't they ?
It 's faster , cheaper and interactive .
They can subscribe to the feeds of digital journalists and bloggers they like , they can search news by region , category or timeline and thanks to social networking , can be informed the very instant news happens in the world .
So could the advent of social media signal the end of traditional news journalism ?
Yes , I think it could .
We 've already seen how the Internet has impacted newspaper publishing .
Perhaps topical specialization is one answer to the digital vs paper journalism dilemma .
Maki explains it well in his blog post The Future of Content in an Age of Information Overload :
" If newspapers can't compete with blogs and online news sites in terms of speed and variety , perhaps they can trump them in terms of depth or trust .
After all , feature - length content with solid , investigative reporting is not something you 'll often find on most blogs or personal sites on the web . "
Then there 's the recent wave of spats between journalists and bloggers .
Many of the articles I 've read lately feature defensive posturing by some traditional journalists whining that bloggers are " ruining " the art of writing by flooding the Internet with poorly written micro content .
Perhaps some journalists are feeling threatened by the ability of bloggers to reach the masses before they do ?
Or is it because they can't handle the fact that the art of writing is now in the grasp of anyone with a PC and an Internet connection ?
To those journalists I say - get over yourself .
Blogging is the ultimate equalizer .
Just like brick and mortar businesses had to come to terms with e-commerce , writers need to adapt to the digital medium and morph their skills to suit , not throw tantrums and claim that the sky is falling .
Having spent much of my secondary and most of my tertiary education training as a journalist , I can understand the resistance they feel to the digital wave and their loyalty to the traditional craft .
But the Internet is actually giving journalism a larger audience and providing ordinary people with a voice they never had before .
As Andrew Sullivan writes in his thesis - like post Why I Blog :
" ... as blogging evolves as a literary form , it is generating a new and quintessentially postmodern idiom that 's enabling writers to express themselves in ways that have never been seen or understood before .
Its truths are provisional , and its ethos collective and messy .
Yet the interaction it enables between writer and reader is unprecedented , visceral , and sometimes brutal .
And make no mistake : it heralds a golden era for journalism . "
The naked truth is that the cachet of being a journalist is no longer restricted to the tertiary - educated , long - suffering newspaper cadet .
Global Internet uptake and the advent of Web 2.0 has ensured that news can be reported instantly anytime , anywhere , by anyone .
Social media sites provide the channels to reach a mass audience and blogs provide the content .
Blogging - even on a micro scale like Twitter - unlocks the journalist inside everyone and that 's not a bad thing .
About The Author
Article by Kalena Jordan , one of the first search engine optimization experts in Australia , who is well known and respected in the industry , particularly in the U.S.
As well as running a daily Search Engine Advice Column , Kalena manages Search Engine College - an online training institution offering instructor - led short courses and downloadable self - study courses in Search Engine Optimization and other Search Engine Marketing subjects .
Tweet
--------------------
Give a laptop - Change the world
For simply $ 199 each , you can give one or more laptops to children in the developing world .
Sponsor a child ! -
Change their world
You have already voted for this video .
Error ( no video , no sound )
We appreciate your help .
You have already reported this video .
Report this video as :
Monkey gets too comfortable with some tiger cubs .
Monkey gets too comfortable with some tiger cubs .
" The word ' terrorist ' is not banned from the BBC .
BBC editorial guidelines are advisory but editors will exercise their own judgement on a case by case basis .
The guidelines are aimed to support the BBC ’s journalism not only in the UK but around the world and to cover a wide spectrum of global and political scenarios .
They advise that we should report acts of terror quickly , accurately , fully and responsibly but that we should take care in the use of language that we use in our own scripts and reports .
No one who has followed the BBC coverage of the attacks in Mumbai could be in any doubt of the full horror of last week ’s atrocity . "
How less planning improves Return on Investment .
There was quite a lot of buzz on twitter today as the covers came off the intrigue that was the latest in the Social media reportage by @sizemore and @documentally .
As you can read from Sizemores and Ourmaninside blog the idea was spawned on a Friday and through the weekend Sizemore and Documentally were working towards a deadline whose purpose would be embargo ’d until delivered .
You can see the results of the event on their blogs but I wanted to highlight the value of the JFDI , low planning , fast tools , approach to this event and its long term Return on Investment for Reuters .
Awareness
Whilst I had no prior knowledge of event or the purpose it was clear from a few tweets that @ Sizemore and @Documentally were planning something and it was likely to be something interesting in the Social Media sphere .
For my own part the occasional twitters and vague suggestions added to an awareness that something was going to occur .
Between this genuine lack of knowledge on my part and the clear indications from Documentally and Sizemore that something was afoot the messages were engaging and intriguing enough to capture the imagination of others .
This on going short notice conversation created a level of awareness which in later speculative conversations I had put some numbers to .
If we were to apply some maths to this then lets assume a few values .
For instance the value of a twitter follower might be as cheap as possible so lets call a twitter followers worth 10 pence each .
Between @documentally , @sizemore and myself there are 5,495 followers on hand lets round that up and call that £ 550 a day of advertising should someone have paid for the event to be twittered .
Followers are like magazine subscribers theres no way you can assure that they are paying attention to your Advert but the magazine is going to tell you ther subscriber base so I am going to reuse that model a little here .
As I write this I can see that there have been at least 5 separate blog posts detailing the event .
The potential cost for “ paying for those posts ” to be written might be set at £ 50 per post .
Its hard to “ guess ” the reader base and the spread and subsequent retweeting of content from these sites and events so lets assume a very light 5 % response thats 27 other readers whom will be the ideal audience for the content .
As a result they are going to be worth 20 % of the value of your advertising £ 110 making another £ 2,910 of advertising costs .
two days of creating awareness £ 1100
five blog posts £ 250
Hitting a target audience £ 2,910
I make that about £ 4,320 ( not including tax ) of awareness capital that is generated for and on behalf of Reuters through @Documentally and @sizemore taking a direct approach to creating content .
Remember there was no overplanning and over communication in the event in as much as it was discussed , agreed and delivered .
Availability
The availability of Social Media is several fold compared to traditional marketing means .
The opportunity to stumble upon content because it is being discussed not just in one Forum but on a variety of platforms from twitter , wordpress , qik , phreadz , websites , lifecast , and flickr .
The multiple channels and distribution of content allows for various levels of interaction and access .
Again Reuters been approaching this as advertisers they would have paid for content at each of those sites and those adverts may have had to have been for a mimum of 1 week but lets keep the fantasy figures running and say they would have had to spend a further £ 1000 to get access to those sites for adveritsing .
Access
The tools used by @ Sizemore and @Documentally have an almost zero barrier to entry and have a reach that has already been establised as being further than many previous forms of media .
On top of this the accessibility for the viewer and the presenter to contribute and comment and possibly direct the content increased the initial value in participating and the subsequent value in watching and commenting .
In taking an approach to embrace an idea , create the content , deliver the agreed plan and to recoup the awareness it demonstrates that avoiding over planning and avoiding over discussing a Social Media project results in an approach that may well be where the real return on investments exist .
Thanks for reading .
Share this : Email
Print
Reddit
LinkedIn
Twitter
Pinterest
Facebook
Tumblr
Like this : Like Loading …
— The fallout from the author 's return to Vim is recounted , with a review of tips and plugins that have been found to be particularly useful — 4 - minute read
So , it ’s been over a month and a half since I switched back to Vim , and I figured I ’d post a bit about how things are going .
I love it .
Though the future is notoriously difficult to foretell , I think it ’s safe to say that I wo n’t be switching editors again anytime soon .
Vim is where it ’s at , for me .
Here ’s the combination of plugins and such that I ’ve found work best for me .
MacVim FTW
Any Vim will do , really , but if you ’re on a Mac , you really ought to consider MacVim .
Like any self - respecting Vim port , it does the command - line really well , but it also has a great OS X GUI interface .
Settings
I ’ve got my < Leader > character ( :h mapleader ) mapped to the comma ( since it ’s easier to reach than the backspace character ) .
let mapleader = " , "
I ’ve installed ack and have configured Vim to use ack for grep .
1 2 set grepprg=ack set grepformat= %
f:%l:%m
I ’m a believer in spaces instead of tabs ( let ’s just agree not to go there ) , and I prefer a tab size of 2 .
I also like editors to try and guess the indentation level .
1 2 3 4 5 6 set tabstop =2 set smarttab set shiftwidth=2 set autoindent set expandtab set backspace=start , indent
But , some file types really do require explicit tabs , and not spaces :
1 2 autocmd FileType make set noexpandtab autocmd FileType python set noexpandtab
( Update : apparently , python can do tabs or spaces .
All my python vimming for the last 8 years has been read - only , so it never actually came up . )
I like my lines numbered , syntax highlighting on , and highlighted searches :
1 2 3 set number set hlsearch syntax on
I ’ve got quite a few other things tweaked in my .vimrc , but those are the major biggest ones .
Plugins
FuzzyFinder
The FuzzyFinder and FuzzyFinder TextMate plugins have become essential for me .
For now , installation of the TextMate - like behavior is kind of painful , but I plan to get something up on the Vim scripts index in the nearish future .
My settings for FuzzyFinder TextMate :
1 2 3 4 5 let g:fuzzy_ignore = " *.log " let g:fuzzy_matching_limit = 70 map < leader>t : FuzzyFinderTextMate <CR > map < leader >b : FuzzyFinderBuffer<CR >
NERD _tree
Thanks to all who recommended the NERD tree plugin by Marty Grenfell .
It really is fantastic , definitely the best - of - breed of VIM project / directory explorers .
I especially like that it is easily toggled away .
I usually keep it hidden , and toggle it open only when I need to browse to something .
( Thanks to the fuzzyfinder stuff , my need for a project browser is pretty small , but when I need one , NERD_tree works great . )
1 map < leader>d : execute ' NERDTreeToggle ' . getcwd ( ) < CR >
rails.vim
The rails.vim plugin is pretty extensive , and I ’m currently only scratching the surface .
I do n’t use snippets at all ( never did in TextMate , either ) , but the Rake integration is pretty handy , and I ’ve used the migration generator pretty often lately .
I need to spend some more time reading the docs for this one , and practicing some of the commands , since I ’m sure it could turn into a real time - saver for programmers ( like myself ) who spend a good part of their day in Rails code .
scratch.vim
I ’ve really come to love scratch.vim .
Sometimes I just need to jot down some numbers , or paste the result of some query , or even take notes on a phone call .
Writing any of that on a scrap of paper is a sure way to lose the info .
The scratch plugin lets me take notes right where I am all day : in Vim .
It does n’t come with a way to toggle the scratch buffer ( which is odd ) , so I wrote a quick one :
1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 function ! ToggleScratch ( ) if expand ( ' % ' ) == g:ScratchBufferName quit else Sscratch endif endfunction map < leader >s : call ToggleScratch ( ) < CR >
tComment
Maybe it ’s just my own coding style , but I find myself commenting and uncommenting large blocks of code on a daily basis .
The tComment plugin from Tom Link is perfect for this .
You can toggle comments by using the Vim motion operators , or just do a quick visual block followed by “ gc ” .
Good stuff !
Others
There are a few other plugins I ’m experimenting with ( surround.vim , vcscommand.vim ) , but which I use infrequently enough that they have n’t become muscle memory yet .
Workflow
Because I prefer the GUI version of MacVim , I typically have only one or two terminal windows open .
I then type “ mvim ” to open vim from the root of whichever project ( s ) I ’m working on , and then use ” , t ” ( my FuzzyFinder TextMate trigger ) to search for and open files .
I also use ” , b ” ( my FuzzyFinderBuffer trigger ) to search my buffer list if I know the file is already open .
Switching between buffers with the carat character ” ^ ” is a huge time saver .
I used to use :ls ( to list open buffers ) and : buffer ( to jump to a buffer ) , but the FuzzyFinderBuffer has really taken the place of both of those .
Ironically , split windows ( which I missed most of all when I switched to TextMate ) have taken me the longest to fit back into my workflow .
TextMate trained them out of me . :)
That said , I ’m still trying to fit them back in , and when I remember to use them , I love them .
You ?
So , that ’s me .
How does Vim fit in your own workflow ?
What settings do you prefer , and why ?
And what customizations are you using in your own setup ?
Reports about the man that President - elect Barack Obama is expected to choose to manage the transition at the Federal Communications Commission emphasize his past role as a lobbyist and FCC Commissioner .
But the truth is that Henry Rivera has never really left the FCC , having stayed active in its matrix of advisory groups from the 1980s right up to the present .
And Rivera 's agenda is no secret : figuring out ways to help minorities get a bigger slice of the telecommunications and broadcast media pie .
In fact , as Chair of the Commission 's Advisory Committee on Diversity for Communications in the Digital Age , Rivera just sent the agency a set of recommendations on how to further this goal .
It suggests three ways to enhance " the ability of minorities and women to participate in telecommunications and related industries . "
Dated October 28 , the report may be a preview of a major aspect of the Obama FCC agenda .
Social disadvantages
The challenge for regulators who want to make it easier for women and minorities to own more telecom licenses and businesses is how to create programs that do n't run afoul of judicial hostility to diversity plans .
One of the reforms that various groups have been lobbying for is a " socially and economically disadvantaged businesses " ( SDB ) classification , in which minority - led " eligible entities " would receive various preferences and breaks during media sales and spectrum auctions , among other transactions .
The FCC has been dropping the ball on this idea for years ; it keeps coming up and disappearing in proceedings .
Kevin Martin's FCC has been skittish about it too .
In an Order and Notice of Proposed Rulemaking approved in December , the Commission extended various Small Business Administration style breaks to smaller telecom firms .
But the NOPR cited various " race conscious " government minority business programs that have been struck down by the courts .
The Order asked for feedback on how the SDB classification could be " narrowly tailored " to protect it from legal smackdowns .
Rivera 's list of recommendations favors the SDB idea , but appears to concede that research work needs to be done to to put the program on a solid legal foundation .
So the Committee suggests that , until a definition is worked out , the FCC should opt for a " full file review " approach to minority businesses support programs .
The full file approach takes a " race neutral " approach to applicants , but takes note of hurdles that a business owner has overcome .
The Commission 's NOPR mentions some hypothetical examples of potentially successful full file review applicants :
" an applicant injured in military service in Iraq who later completed a leadership training program ; a rural applicant who put herself through college and successfully ran a previously - bankrupt AM station ; and a Spanish language radio company owner who succeeded despite advertiser resistance to program language and format "
Rivera 's document strongly endorses this concept .
" Because of its race - neutrality , an FFR - based program can be implemented in the short - term , " the Advisory Committee writes .
The Committee also wants the FCC to fast track breaks on fees and waivers for minority media and telecom business owners as , percentage - wise , these take a larger financial bite out of smaller operations than big outfits .
But the group 's letter saves its most far reaching recommendation for last .
S is for station
The Advisory Committee strongly endorses an idea , proposed by Andrew Schwartzman of the Media Access Project ( MAP ) at the FCC's En Banc July hearing , that would boost minority media ownership .
MAP urges the creation of a new category of television station — Class S. These " Class S " station owners would be able to lease one of the new multiplex subchannels from a full - power commercial digital TV license .
MAP 's proposed Class S arrangement would extend to businesses in the SDB group , however that is eventually defined .
These licensees would not be allowed to broadcast commercial fare for more than half their schedule .
And , if the full power license owner wants to broadcast in high definition , the Class S broadcaster would have to lease some of its spectrum back for that purpose , although not more than six hours per day .
The MAP plan is pretty close to one proposed by Rivera 's Advisory Committee in 2007 , which would extend the concept to FM stations , too .
Rivera 's letter suggests that the DTV / subchannel sharing structure is similar to the relationship between the owner of a condominium building and its unit owners .
" The DTV sub - channel or HD channel licensee would control its channel ’s content , while its engineering would continue to be handled by the DTV or FM station licensee for a fee , " it concludes .
Henry Rivera has been working on these sort of issues for a very long time .
He is so linked to this issue that , in 2002 , when Michael Powell 's FCC held its own hearing on minority ownership questions , it summoned him to review the agency 's efforts in this regard .
Rivera started his history with the United Church of Christ 's 1967 petition to get the FCC to prohibit employment discrimination in radio and television .
The UCC , of course , is the Church with which Barack Obama has been associated since the mid-1980s , although he quit his local chapter during the presidential campaign .
( CNN ) --
When Michigan GOP Chairman Saul Anuzis decided to throw his hat in the ring to head the Republican Party , he announced his intentions on an unlikely forum : Twitter .
Ken Blackwell and other candidates for the GOP chairmanship have used Facebook to reach supporters .
Not too long ago , the social networking Web site most popular among teenagers and 20 - somethings was probably the last place you would expect to find a candidate for the Republican National Committee chairmanship .
But then Barack Obama 's presidential campaign appeared to revolutionize the way technology could be integrated into every facet of a campaign -- from fundraising to media outreach to voter mobilization .
The result was a Democratic Party that outpaced its rival in nearly every measure -- in the process revealing how detrimental the GOP 's apparent lack of tech fluency proved to be on Election Day .
The Republican Party is playing catch - up , hoping to compete with Democrats in the next two pivotal election cycles .
" It would be suicide for the Republican Party and conservatives to not aggressively embrace technology , " said Matt Lewis , a writer for the conservative Web site Townhall.com .
" The world is dramatically changing in the way people get their information and the way they communicate -- the party needs to change with it . "
The battle for the future of the party is playing out in the unexpectedly competitive race for the chairmanship of the RNC -- which faces the task of rebuilding the party 's grass - roots infrastructure and voter outreach programs ahead of the 2010 midterm elections .
Do n't Miss RNC chairman launches Web site
In addition to Anuzis , five other candidates already have declared their intention to seek the chairmanship : former Ohio Secretary of State Ken Blackwell , South Carolina GOP Chairman Katon Dawson , current RNC Chairman Mike Duncan , former Tennessee Republican Party Chairman Chip Saltsman and former Maryland Lt. Gov. Michael Steele .
The race decided by the 168 RNC committee members used to be determined in the proverbial smoke - filled room -- behind closed doors and far from the average conservative activist .
But in a sign of how technology already has transformed the fundamental dynamics of the party , each of the six candidates appears to be campaigning as if the job were a popularly elected office -- unveiling sleek Web sites , circulating e-mail pitches to supporters and holding conference calls with members of the media and conservative bloggers .
It 's a process political observers note is similar to the one that presaged former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean 's ascension to the Democratic chairmanship in 2005 -- a tenure marked largely by advances in how that party adopted technology to strengthen its outreach across states where Democrats had n't been competitive .
" Like in '05 , bloggers see this as a symbolic but important step toward taking the party back from the insiders who have been messing things up , " Lewis said .
" Conservative bloggers are for the first time having a voice and influencing the debate .
This has led to more transparency . "
The heavy influence of online activists , conservative bloggers and young Republicans disheartened that Obama resoundingly won their age demographic has resulted in a race for the GOP chairmanship largely revolving around who 's best positioned to bolster the party 's tech proficiency .
The six declared candidates all keep active on Twitter , along with Facebook and a host of other sites , seemingly caught in an at - times comedic contest of who possesses the most online bona fides .
It 's a clear sign the candidates know that the party is in need of a technology overhaul , said Patrick Ruffini , an online Republican strategist and veteran of President Bush 's 2000 campaign and the RNC .
But Ruffini said the mere fact that RNC candidates use social media does n't necessarily mean they are prepared to integrate it into every corner of the party .
" The Internet is not just blogs and Twitter , " he recently said on the blog " The Next Right . "
" New media is a big world .
...
The hard part is integrating new media in everything the organization does , using it to transform volunteer recruitment or open a new eight - and nine - figure revenue stream .
Those are the big challenges the next RNC chairman needs to be worrying about . "
Ruffini , along with other conservative activists , is the author of " Rebuild the Party , " an online manifesto and road map of sorts he believes the GOP needs to follow if it hopes to stay competitive with Democrats .
The No. 1 priority of the 10 - point plan is a full - scale embrace of the Internet at the grass - roots level -- a model Obama 's campaign and the Democratic National Committee implemented so successfully in 2008 .
So far , three RNC candidates formally have endorsed the plan -- Anuzis , Saltsman and Blackwell -- but Ruffini said he hopes all of them will adopt the general goal .
" We need to create a culture in which we think about these things , " Ruffini told CNN .
" It 's going to be the most important issue organizationally going forward . "
All About Mike Duncan • Michael S. Steele • Republican National Committee
By Ms. Hommit | Posted : 17/Mar/2008 19:21
If you ’re going to make a waffle , make it a cute one - at least , that ’s what I ’ve always said ...
But you need the right tools to do that , of course , which is why I was so excited when I found out about Sunbeam’s
This device makes penguin - shaped waffles that look so cute you might have second thoughts about eating them ( ok , may be not ) .
Unfortunately , as far as I can tell , the waffle maker is only available in Australia & New Zealand .. if you know where to order one in the US , Canada , or UK , please let me know !
Manufacturer : www.sunbeam.com.au
Images : Phil ( aka 91 RS on Flickr )
Have you ever wondered why women look at you as if you have three heads when you laugh at things sometimes ?
Believe it or not , there are things that society would call inappropriate that we find hilarious .
I think it ’s something in the Y chromosome that gives us a rather sick sense of humor .
Women may argue that we ’re lacking something due to not having the extra X chromosome .
Any way you look at it , we ’re sick and we know it .
So , sit back and enjoy what I know you ’ll be able to relate very well to .
Farts / Bathroom Humor
Of course , this is the first thing that comes to mind .
Imagine that you ’re in a restaurant and you have a huge gas bubble .
Sure , the polite thing to do would be to excuse yourself and go into the bathroom .
However , it ’s a lot more fun to let it seep out slowly and silently .
Then you can watch people ’s reactions .
It ’s great if you have a wife or girlfriend with you that embarrass easily because then you can let her know that it was you .
The most fun is when you ’re driving with a car full of people in your car and you let one go and you take the liberty of using your controls for the window locks .
If you have n’t tried it , you should .
It ’s a blast !
Also , fart machines , whoopee cushions , or anything else that makes a fart noise is funny .
It ’s funny to make those sounds and watch people ’s reactions as that try to be cool about it .
Genitals / Nudity
If you put too much logic into it , it ’s not funny anymore .
Women will tell you that nudity is natural , but if you see some guy with his thing hanging out of his shorts , it ’s not really natural anymore is it ?
However , it is funny .
Everyone has at least one buddy that sends you funny little pornographic jokes through email .
If you do n’t have a friend like that , you need to get one .
If you think too hard about it , it would just be stupid , but that ’s the beauty of it .
You do n’t need to think at all .
It ’s “ empty ” humor at its finest .
Drunk Behavior
Some women find drunk behavior funny too , but these are usually the kind that you just bring home for a night .
Mostly , it ’s just men that find it funny .
It ’s great to talk about how stupid your friends are when their drunk and take embarrassing pictures of them .
It ’s nothing to feel badly about .
There are probably tons of pictures of you while you were drunk with your friends .
Practical Jokes
Of course , everyone likes a good practical joke , but did men like any kind of practical joke .
Sure you do n’t set out to hurt anyone , but you do n’t really thing about it at the time either .
If you can move your friend ’s car so that he ca n’t see it and he thinks it was stolen , it ’s hilarious .
It ’s even better if there are other friends around with whom to share the moment .
Women find this a cruel and possibly harmful joke , but men just find it funny .
If all else fails you can use this awesome Mentos in their Coke trick below :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lmBY5CUTLvc[/youtube]
People Falling / Getting Hurt
We do n’t really think it ’s funny that someone ’s hurt , but we find it funny how it happened .
The act of watching someone fall is funny .
If someone slips and falls on the ice or if your buddy tries to do a stunt you know they should n’t on a skateboard and they end up falling down , it frickin’ hilarious .
If they get hurt , that part ’s not funny , but the fall itself is .
One of the funniest things to see is a guy getting hit in the groin area .
It ’s never funny to feel , but always funny to see .
You do n’t think about the pain that the guy ’s in at the time , just that he unexpectedly got hit in a very sensitive spot .
Ex-girlfriends / Ex-wives
It ’s no secret that it ’s inappropriate to make fun of or make jokes about you ex , but everyone does .
The sluttier , bitchier , fatter , or uglier you make her sound , the better .
I ’m not so sure it ’s a guy thing either .
Do you think women might do that too ?
Either way , it ’s still inappropriate , but funny to do and funny to listen to .
Wife / Girlfriend
You may love your mate , but it ’s imperative that you make fun of her when you ’re around your friends .
If you do n’t or refuse to , they will call you a wuss or worse .
They may call you whipped .
It ’s all in fun and she knows you lover her , but you do n’t have to publicize it .
It ’s actually fun to do , but she would n’t understand .
Jokes about In - Laws
Whether you like your in - laws or not , it ’s important to make fun of them .
This is especially true if you do n’t like them .
From time to time , make sure you make fun of them to your wife .
This might piss her off a little , but you ’ll enjoy it .
It ’s even more amusing sometimes to watch your wife get pissed about it .
It kind of adds to the excitement .
Sex
Jokes about sex , talking about sex , hell even animal sex is funny .
Watching two animals go at each other on television can be very entertaining depending on the mood .
You ca n’t make fun of sex or make off - colored comments around women too much .
In fact most times it ’s just disrespectful , but around other guys it ’s expected .
Around just men , it ’s no holds barred , anything goes .
Politically Incorrect Humor
This is huge and covers a large range of things .
This could be someone who is grossly overweight , a woman wearing large bright polka dots , religion , race , gender , or handicapped people .
It could also be a combination of any of these .
It ’s not that we ’re racist or insensitive to others .
We can appreciate our differences and respect others , but at the same time we like to have some comic relief .
It ’s also funny to make fun of people who insist on everything being politically correct .
Life is too short to take everything seriously .
Have fun and laugh it up !
Here Comes Everybody Review
In 1937 , Ronald Coase answered one of the most perplexing questions in economics : if markets are so great , why do organizations exist ?
Why do n’t people just buy and sell their own services in a market instead ?
Coase , who won the 1991 Nobel Prize in Economics , answered the question by noting a market ’s transaction costs : buyers and sellers need to find one another , then reach agreement , and so on .
The Coase theorem implies that if these transaction costs are low enough , direct markets of individuals make a whole lot of sense .
But if they are too high , it makes more sense to get the job done by an organization that hires people .
Economists have long understood the corollary concept of Coase ’s ceiling , a point above which organizations collapse under their own weight — where hiring someone , however competent , means more work for everyone else than the new hire contributes .
Software projects often bump their heads against Coase ’s ceiling : recall Frederick P. Brooks Jr. ’s seminal study , The Mythical Man-Month ( Addison - Wesley , 1975 ) , which showed how adding another person onto a project can slow progress and increase errors .
What ’s new is something consultant and social technologist Clay Shirky calls " Coase ’s Floor , " below which we find projects and activities that are n’t worth their organizational costs — things so esoteric , so frivolous , so nonsensical , or just so thoroughly unimportant that no organization , large or small , would ever bother with them .
Things that you shake your head at when you see them and think , " That ’s ridiculous . "
Sounds a lot like the Internet , does n’t it ?
And that ’s precisely Shirky ’s point .
His new book , Here Comes Everybody : The Power of Organizing Without Organizations , explores a world where organizational costs are close to zero and where ad hoc , loosely connected groups of unpaid amateurs can create an encyclopedia larger than the Britannica and a computer operating system to challenge Microsoft’s .
Shirky teaches at New York University ’s Interactive Telecommunications Program , but this is no academic book .
Sacrificing rigor for readability , Here Comes Everybody is an entertaining as well as informative romp through some of the Internet ’s signal moments — the Howard Dean phenomenon , Belarusian protests organized on LiveJournal , the lost cellphone of a woman named Ivanna , Meetup.com , flash mobs , Twitter , and more — which Shirky uses to illustrate his points .
The book is filled with bits of insight and common sense , explaining why young people take better advantage of social tools , how the Internet affects social change , and how most Internet discourse falls somewhere between dinnertime conversation and publishing .
Shirky notes that " most user - generated content is n’t ‘ content ’ at all , in the sense of being created for general consumption , any more than a phone call between you and a sibling is ‘ family - generated content . ’
Most of what gets created on any given day is just the ordinary stuff of life — gossip , little updates , thinking out loud — but now it ’s done in the same medium as professionally produced material .
Unlike professionally produced material , however , Internet content can be organized after the fact . "
No one coordinates Flickr ’s 6 million to 8 million users .
Yet Flickr had the first photos from the 2005 London Transport bombings , beating the traditional news media .
Why ?
People with cellphone cameras uploaded their photos to Flickr .
They coordinated themselves using tools that Flickr provides .
This is the sort of impromptu organization the Internet is ideally suited for .
Shirky explains how these moments are harbingers of a future that can self - organize without formal hierarchies .
These nonorganizations allow for contributions from a wider group of people .
A newspaper has to pay someone to take photos ; it ca n’t be bothered to hire someone to stand around London underground stations waiting for a major event .
Similarly , Microsoft has to pay a programmer full time , and Encyclopedia Britannica has to pay someone to write articles .
But Flickr can make use of a person with just one photo to contribute , Linux can harness the work of a programmer with little time , and Wikipedia benefits if someone corrects just a single typo .
These aggregations of millions of actions that were previously below the Coasean floor have enormous potential .
But a flash mob is still a mob .
In a world where the Coasean floor is at ground level , all sorts of organizations appear , including ones you might not like : violent political organizations , hate groups , Holocaust deniers , and so on .
( Shirky ’s discussion of teen anorexia support groups makes for very disturbing reading . )
This has considerable implications for security , both online and off .
We never realized how much our security could be attributed to distance and inconvenience — how difficult it is to recruit , organize , coordinate , and communicate without formal organizations .
That inadvertent measure of security is now gone .
Bad guys , from hacker groups to terrorist groups , will use the same ad hoc organizational technologies that the rest of us do .
And while there has been some success in closing down individual Web pages , discussion groups , and blogs , these are just stopgap measures .
In the end , a virtual community is still a community , and it needs to be treated as such .
And just as the best way to keep a neighborhood safe is for a policeman to walk around it , the best way to keep a virtual community safe is to have a virtual police presence .
Crime is n’t the only danger ; there is also isolation .
If people can segregate themselves in ever - increasingly specialized groups , then they ’re less likely to be exposed to alternative ideas .
We see a mild form of this in the current political trend of rival political parties having their own news sources , their own narratives , and their own facts .
Increased radicalization is another danger lurking below the Coasean floor .
There ’s no going back , though .
We ’ve all figured out that the Internet makes freedom of speech a much harder right to take away .
As Shirky demonstrates , Web 2.0 is having the same effect on freedom of assembly .
The consequences of this wo n’t be fully seen for years .
Here Comes Everybody covers some of the same ground as Yochai Benkler ’s Wealth of Networks .
But when I had to explain to one of my corporate attorneys how the Internet has changed the nature of public discourse , Shirky ’s book is the one I recommended .
This essay previously appeared in IEEE Spectrum .
EDITED TO ADD ( 12/13 ) : Interesting Clay Shirky podcast .
Posted on November 25 , 2008 at 7:39 AM • 32 Comments
Afghanistan now supplies over 90 percent of the world 's heroin , generating nearly $ 200 billion in revenue .
Since the U.S. invasion on Oct. 7 , 2001 , opium output has increased 33 - fold ( to over 8,250 metric tons a year ) .
The U.S. has been in Afghanistan for over seven years , has spent $ 177 billion in that country alone , and has the most powerful and technologically advanced military on Earth .
GPS tracking devices can locate any spot imaginable by simply pushing a few buttons .
Still , bumper crops keep flourishing year after year , even though heroin production is a laborious , intricate process .
The poppies must be planted , grown and harvested ; then after the morphine is extracted it has to be cooked , refined , packaged into bricks and transported from rural locales across national borders .
To make heroin from morphine requires another 12 - 14 hours of laborious chemical reactions .
Thousands of people are involved , yet — despite the massive resources at our disposal — heroin keeps flowing at record levels .
Common sense suggests that such prolific trade over an extended period of time is no accident , especially when the history of what has transpired in that region is considered .
While the CIA ran its operations during the Vietnam War , the Golden Triangle supplied the world with most of its heroin .
After that war ended in 1975 , an intriguing event took place in 1979 when Zbigniew Brzezinski covertly manipulated the Soviet Union into invading Afghanistan .
Behind the scenes , the CIA , along with Pakistan 's ISI , were secretly funding Afghanistan 's mujahideen to fight their Russian foes .
Prior to this war , opium production in Afghanistan was minimal .
But according to historian Alfred McCoy , an expert on the subject , a shift in focus took place .
" Within two years of the onslaught of the CIA operation in Afghanistan , the Pakistan - Afghanistan borderlands became the world 's top heroin producer .
" Soon , as Professor Michel Chossudovsky notes , " CIA assets again controlled the heroin trade .
As the mujahideen guerrillas seized territory inside Afghanistan , they ordered peasants to plant poppies as a revolutionary tax .
Across the border in Pakistan , Afghan leaders and local syndicates under the protection of Pakistan intelligence operated hundreds of heroin laboratories .
" Eventually , the Soviet Union was defeated ( their version of Vietnam ) , and ultimately lost the Cold War .
The aftermath , however , proved to be an entirely new can of worms .
During his research , McCoy discovered that " the CIA supported various Afghan drug lords , for instance Gulbuddin Hekmatyar .
The CIA did not handle heroin , but it did provide its drug lord allies with transport , arms , and political protection .
" By 1994 , a new force emerged in the region — the Taliban — that took over the drug trade .
Chossudovsky again discovered that " the Americans had secretly , and through the Pakistanis [ specifically the ISI ] , supported the Taliban 's assumption of power .
" These strange bedfellows endured a rocky relationship until July 2000 when Taliban leaders banned the planting of poppies .
This alarming development , along with other disagreements over proposed oil pipelines through Eurasia , posed a serious problem for power centers in the West .
Without heroin money at their disposal , billions of dollars could not be funneled into various CIA black budget projects .
Already sensing trouble in this volatile region , 18 influential neo-cons signed a letter in 1998 which became a blueprint for war — the infamous Project for a New American Century ( PNAC ) .
Fifteen days after 9 - 11 , CIA Director George Tenet sent his top- secret Special Operations Group ( SOG ) into Afghanistan .
One of the biggest revelations in Tenet 's book ,
At the Center of the Storm , was that CIA forces directed the Afghanistan invasion , not the Pentagon .
In the Jan. 26 , 2003 , issue of Time magazine , Douglas Waller describes Donald Rumsfeld 's reaction to this development .
" When aides told Rumsfeld that his Army Green Beret A - Teams could n't go into Afghanistan until the CIA contingent had lain the groundwork with local warlords , he erupted , ‘ I have all these guys under arms , and we 've got to wait like little birds in a nest for the CIA to let us go in ?
'" ARMITAGE A MAJOR PLAYERBut the real operator in Afghanistan was Richard Armitage , a man whose legend includes being the biggest heroin trafficker in Cambodia and Laos during the Vietnam War ; director of the State Department 's Foreign Narcotics Control Office ( a front for CIA drug dealing ) ; head of the Far East Company ( used to funnel drug money out of the Golden Triangle ) ; a close liaison with Oliver North during the Iran - Contra cocaine - for - guns scandal ; a primary Pentagon official in the terror and covert ops field under George Bush the Elder ; one of the original signatories of the infamous PNAC document ; and the man who helped CIA Director William Casey run weapons to the mujahideen during their war against the Soviet Union .
Armitage was also stationed in Iran during the mid-1970s right before Ayatollah Ruhollah Khomeini overthrew the shah .
Armitage may well be the greatest covert operator in U.S. history .
On Sept. 10 , 2001 , Armitage met with the UK 's national security advisor , Sir David Manning .
Was Armitage " passing on specific intelligence information about the impending terrorist attacks " ?
The scenario is plausible because one day later — on 9 - 11 — Dick Cheney directly called for Armitage 's presence down in his bunker .
Immediately after WTC 2 was struck , Armitage told BBC Radio , " I was told to go to the operations center [ where ]
I spent the rest of the day in the ops center with the vice president .
" These two share a long history together .
Not only was Armitage employed by Cheney 's former company Halliburton ( via Brown & Root ) , he was also a deputy when Cheney was secretary of defense under Bush the Elder .
More importantly , Cheney and Armitage had joint business and consulting interests in the Central Asian pipeline which had been contracted by Unocal .
The only problem standing between them and the Caspian Sea 's vast energy reserves was the Taliban .
Since the 1980s , Armitage amassed a huge roster of allies in Pakistan 's ISI .
He was also one of the " Vulcans " — along with Condi Rice , Paul Wolfowitz , Richard Perle , and Rabbi Dov Zakheim — who coordinated Bush 's geo-strategic foreign policy initiatives .
Then , after 9 - 11 , he negotiated with the Pakistanis prior to our invasion of Afghanistan , while also becoming Bush 's deputy secretary of state stationed in Afghanistan .
Our " enemy , " or course , was the Taliban " terrorists . "
But George Tenet , Colin Powell , Porter Goss , and Armitage had developed a close relationship with Pakistan 's military head of the ISI — General Mahmoud Ahmad — who was cited in a Sept. 2001 FBI report as " supporting and financing the alleged 9 - 11 terrorists , as well as having links to al Qaeda and the Taliban .
" The line between friend and foe gets even murkier .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai not only collaborated with the Taliban , but he was also on Unocal 's payroll in the mid-1990s .
He is also described by Saudi Arabia 's Al - Watan newspaper as being " a Central Intelligence Agency covert operator since the 1980s that collaborated with the CIA in funding U.S. aid to the Taliban .
" Capturing a new , abundant source for heroin was an integral part of the U.S. " war on terror . "
Hamid Karzai is a puppet ruler of the CIA ; Afghanistan is a full - fledged narco - state ; and the poppies that flourish there have yet to be eradicated , as was proven in 2003 when the Bush administration refused to destroy the crops , despite having the chance to do so .
Major drug dealers are rarely arrested , smugglers enjoy carte blanche immunity , and Nushin Arbabzadah , writing for The Guardian , theorized that " U.S. Army planes leave Afghanistan carrying coffins empty of bodies , but filled with drugs . "
Is that why the military protested so vehemently when reporters tried to photograph returning caskets ?
Scientists call it the " French paradox " — a society that , despite consuming food high in cholesterol and saturated fats , has long had low death rates from heart disease .
Research has suggested it is the red wine consumed with all that fatty food that may be beneficial — and not only for cardiovascular health but in warding off certain tumors and even Alzheimer 's disease .
Now , Alzheimer 's researchers at UCLA , in collaboration with Mt. Sinai School of Medicine in New York , have discovered how red wine may reduce the incidence of the disease .
Reporting in the Nov. 21 issue of the Journal of Biological Chemistry , David Teplow , a UCLA professor of neurology , and colleagues show how naturally occurring compounds in red wine called polyphenols block the formation of proteins that build the toxic plaques thought to destroy brain cells , and further , how they reduce the toxicity of existing plaques , thus reducing cognitive deterioration .
Polyphenols comprise a chemical class with more than 8,000 members , many of which are found in high concentrations in wine , tea , nuts , berries , cocoa and various plants .
Past research has suggested that such polyphenols may inhibit or prevent the buildup of toxic fibers composed primarily of two proteins — Aß40 and Aß42 — that deposit in the brain and form the plaques which have long been associated with Alzheimer's .
Until now , however , no one understood the mechanics of how polyphenols worked .
Teplow 's lab has been studying how amyloid beta ( Aß ) is involved in causing Alzheimer's .
In this work , researchers monitored how Aß40 and Aß42 proteins folded up and stuck to each other to produce aggregates that killed nerve cells in mice .
They then treated the proteins with a polyphenol compound extracted from grape seeds .
They discovered that polyphenols carried a one - two punch :
They blocked the formation of the toxic aggregates of Aß and also decreased toxicity when they were combined with Aß before it was added to brain cells .
" What we found is pretty straightforward , " Teplow said .
" If the Aß proteins can't assemble , toxic aggregates can't form , and thus there is no toxicity .
Our work in the laboratory , and Mt. Sinai's Dr. Giulio Pasinetti's work in mice , suggest that administration of the compound to Alzheimer 's patients might block the development of these toxic aggregates , prevent disease development and also ameliorate existing disease . "
Human clinical trials are next .
" No disease - modifying treatments of Alzheimer 's now exist , and initial clinical trials of a number of different candidate drugs have been disappointing , " Teplow said .
" So we believe that this is an important next step . "
This work was supported by the National Institutes of Health ; the Department of Veterans Affairs ; the James J. Peters Veterans Affairs Medical Center Geriatric Research Education Clinical Center Program , Polyphenolics ( to Giulio Pasinetti ) ; grants from the Japan Human Science Foundation and the Mochida Memorial Foundation for Medical and Pharmaceutical Research ; grants from the Alzheimer 's Association ; and the Jim Easton Consortium for Alzheimer 's Drug Discovery and Biomarkers at UCLA ( to David Teplow ) .
Teplow reports no conflict of interests .
Information
Filename : lumrax.com_Mia_Camwithher.jpg
Size : 799x868
Uploaded : 2008 -11-08
Tags
violentacres
Popular tags on the site
rx7 donnamodelo.com himos avril 1nsane ka_series_l rippenspreizer megaten comic manga fxc soepkip 1999 rwpeuro2006 stephy ranma ebooks glastonbury magic spain renee krystal chubby cheerleader mariage dilbert shevington death_note cia dubai hr_giger family giger bier paintball bonton ryushin_09 yuko emma ryushin_ 14 forza cat falco wallpaper ryushin_15 sprites motivational smashing jessica
Removal
The picture is uploaded by a user of this site .
The site has no responsibility for it .
If this image is illegal , please send an e-mail to abuse ( and put ILLEGAL + URL in the subject ) .
We will not remove any pictures that are just immoral or in any way legal to host under Swedish law .
Although it comes to us all , most of us would rather not think about death .
But in Oregon they have - and for more than 10 years , assisted suicides have been legal there .
Katharine Whitehorn visits the US state that believes in death with dignity
How do we die ?
With drugs , oblivious , in a basement , frozen nobly on a mountain top , screaming in a car crash , or traditionally in a bed surrounded by our family and children , croaking out our last wishes ?
Or in hospital , where there are tubes and bleeps , where we are monitored , fed intravenously and kept alive till the last moment ?
Most of us shudder , try to think about something else and admit that we are with Woody Allen when he said he did n't fear death , he just did n't want to be there when it happened .
But there are places where they have tried to bring death more under our control .
Holland has an excellent assisted suicide plan and was the first country to adopt one .
Less liberal ones exist in Belgium , Switzerland and Germany , which all have some way for the clued - up and determined to end their own lives .
I had always thought it would n't work in Britain because we 're too inefficient - if we can't even ensure that a sad old woman gets her shitty sheets changed , how can we be sure she has really chosen to die ? - and that it would n't work in the US because it was so commercial .
But Oregon is different .
When the Pacific north - west state passed legislation in 1994 - finally implemented in 1997 - to make physician - assisted suicide legal , there were all manner of dire predictions : the old and tiresome , the poor and the marginalised would be wiped out ; people in other states would pour in , demanding to be helped out of this world ; the state 's biggest city , Portland , would become the death city of America .
There were nightmare memories of Jack Kevorkian , a maverick in Michigan who helped 130 people to kill themselves with no safeguards to speak of and was known as Doctor Death : he only came out of prison last year .
Most importantly , there were fears that no one would bother with palliative care any more , because patients could simply be discontinued .
None of this has happened , although the British Medical Journal last week reported that doctors in Oregon prescribing lethal doses of barbiturates may on three occasions have administered them to people with clinical depression .
In cases where there is any doubt , patients should be referred to a psychiatrist , just one of many safeguards that were built into the legislation : a request must be made twice , two weeks apart , to prevent someone in a fit of gloom signing something they might later regret , and the signature has to be witnessed by two people , only one of whom may be a relative , so no two avaricious offspring can shunt mom into her grave .
A doctor also has to certify that the patient has not long to live and is of sound mind , which includes not being clinically depressed ; the doctor can write a prescription for the lethal dose , but the patient , or someone chosen by the patient , must get it from the pharmacist - and any pharmacist who has moral objections can refuse to supply it .
A flood of suicidal incomers has been prevented - if there ever was a threat of them - by the fact that only residents can apply for physician assisted suicide ( PAS ) .
If someone arrives , says that they want to live in Oregon and please can they take advantage of PAS , there has to be extensive proof - house deeds , car licence and so on - that they really do want to live there as well as die .
This can have sad consequences .
I talked to a man who had lived in the state all his life , as had his wife .
When he retired , they sold their house and went to live in Hawaii , but after only two years she developed terminal cancer and hoped she need not suffer to the end .
But they were no longer Oregon residents and did n't qualify for PAS .
Since the introduction of the Death With Dignity Act in 1997 , remarkably few people have actually " gone the Oregon way " - only 431 ( one death in 1,000 ) .
And only one in 10 of those who ask for a prescription actually end up using it - they feel secure knowing they have it as a last resort .
Far greater numbers have an advance directive , setting out the treatments they do n't want to have , even to prolong life .
Of course , PAS is not the only way to go .
There 's an organisation that seems the equivalent to our Exit called the Hemlock Society that goes in for , in the scornful words of one nurse , " booze and a plastic bag " .
A surprising number of patients simply stop eating and drinking - not a pleasant way to go , but apparently one that upsets families and nurses less than taking a lethal dose .
I talked to a diabetic who casually mentioned a cousin who had deliberately overdosed on insulin .
And on my first morning in Oregon my middle - aged waitress asked me why I was there , and , when I told her , said approvingly that her sister had taken her own life after six years in pain :
" When she 'd done it her face looked like she was 20 . "
But this was before the change in the law , so how had she done it ?
" She shot herself , " she said cheerfully .
" There was n't more than a little blood . "
The last time a euthanasia bill came before our parliament , much was made by Baronesses Knight and Finlay of the fact that allowing any form of assisted death had impacted badly on palliative care in Oregon .
This was firmly refuted by the Oregon Hospice Association 's then chief executive , Ann Jackson , who pointed out that hospice care in the state had doubled since the Act , that Oregon was rated the second best state in the US for it , and that the only measure on which they did not score highly was palliative care in hospitals - not surprising , since hospice care in Oregon follows the patient and 95 % of it is done at home , where people prefer to die .
They see their work as a British invention , revere the memory of Cicely Saunders and use " hospice " as a synonym for palliative care , not just for a care home .
A survey of Oregon doctors also showed that , since PAS , they have actually taken more care with areas such as pain relief - presumably in the hope of making their patients content to stay alive .
Of patients who opt for assisted suicide , 86 % are hospice patients , and the hospices , originally opposed to it , now mostly accept and help with it , though any nurse with conscientious objections can give the patient a " warm hand transfer " to another .
They also have foster care for some older , sicker people - a useful idea for families that can't cope or are n't around .
Many hospice people , and their volunteers , see PAS as a friendly , reasonable way to end a life , better than being strung up to tubes and monitors in intensive care .
Some of the volunteers create colourful quilts , to make things a bit less bleak for those who are in hospital .
George Eighmey , of Compassion and Choice , the body that originally fought for the law and now helps people towards decisions in dying , told me of a woman who had had a double mastectomy and made a display of her three or four dozen bras on a clothesline , and of a man who had had bladder trouble who filled a row of potties with petunias and pansies - all part of trying to make illness and even death more homely , more bearable .
The legislation is extremely tightly drawn , and efforts to prove it unconstitutional have so far failed .
Some argue that all this could only happen in Oregon : California and Hawaii tried and did n't manage to introduce PAS , though Washington state is toying with the idea at the moment .
Oregon , and Oregonians , are certainly cussed about not being told what to do by Washington DC or anyone else .
They pride themselves on being the only state that refuses to allow any private building on the seashore that might keep people from getting to the beach ; they refused to assure Homeland Security , the federal terrorist - chasers , that their local police force would cooperate with them ; they coped with their litter by insisting on a return charge payable on bottles , and have the first oscillating water column for producing wave energy off the west coast .
( It is also a state in which skateboarding is a legal form of transport on roads . )
" These are the rugged individualists who conquered the west , " says Dr Linda Ganzini , who has done extensive research on assisted dying .
Their conviction that people should be able to choose how they die is part of their insistence on their own autonomy - and in patient autonomy , as opposed to meekly doing what the doctor says .
Far from being the sad and disadvantaged , the poor and the unwanted who are shuffled off into the hereafter , it is mostly the strong - minded and competent who achieve the death they have chosen .
Patients do n't always choose PAS for the most obvious reason , intractable pain : men can't bear the collapse of normal bodily functions and the fact that other people have to cope with them ; women are more likely to despair of lives in which all the things that gave them any joy or satisfaction are now beyond them .
So , is it all dead easy in Oregon ?
Not really .
The very safeguards in the rules also serve to exclude some who might dearly love to have access to a planned and dignified death .
It is the educated , the competent , those with a decent relationship with a doctor - which , in practice , usually means those with a decent relationship with health insurance - who are likely to seek it .
The very poor have Medicaid , ( which does n't pay too well so not all doctors welcome it ) , those in employment or pensioned retirement have good insurance , and the elderly have Medicare .
But it is very difficult for those who are hard up , in erratic employment but not actually on the streets - those who make up the 17 % of those who have no insurance at all - to raise the required cash to form a satisfactory relationship with the doctor , who has to certify the patient has less than six months to go .
This often excludes those with Aids or MS or , of course , Alzheimer's .
Of the European countries that have assisted death , only Holland does not require death to be more or less imminent .
Yet if you are bleakly in pain and not going to die pretty soon anyway , you might ache even more for an ending to it all .
The hospitals that are in any sense religious wo n't have anything to do with it , and neither will federal hospitals - their personnel are told that if they even tell patients how they might access PAS , they 'll be fired - though a few supporters of the legislation managed to ensure that it 's only on hospital premises that they are n't to tell patients about it ( it 's OK , apparently , to slip them the word in the Starbucks across the street ) .
The Oregon Health and Science University will take on such patients , the Kaiser Permanente HMOs - they are like mini health services - are not opposed , but any idea that it 's a breeze in Portland , let alone in remoter areas , to demand an easy death is definitely wide of the mark .
There is still virulent opposition .
Many religious people are unalterably opposed ( though there has n't been any of the violence associated with anti-abortionists ) .
Questions of life and death were brought into fierce public debate nationwide in 1998 by the case of Terri Schiavo , the Florida woman who had been kept alive in a coma for years following a heart attack .
Her husband wanted her artificial feeding and breathing withdrawn , but her mother thought that even if she were never to regain consciousness , her life had value - and many agreed .
After a prolonged legal battle , her feeding tube was withdrawn in 2005 , leading to her death .
The national organisation of the disabled , Not Dead Yet , thinks any suggestion that lives should be deliberately ended devalues the lives of the disabled , that the law " deprives the disabled of the benefit of suicide prevention " .
Many doctors , too , are deeply uncomfortable with the whole idea ; their instinct is to keep the patient alive , come what may .
Ganzini says that " physicians feel uncomfortable because it is not what they know how to do and feel the patient is rejecting them , saying their care is n't good enough " .
Quite a few will have nothing to do with it , which makes it even harder for the less competent or poorer patients to find the right help .
On the Sunday I was in Portland , a friend took me to a barbecue , under towering , dark trees in warm autumn sunshine .
There I met two or three people who had had some contact with PAS .
They spoke sadly of dying but did not question the decisions of the deceased .
One gentle woman who worked as a volunteer with patients said she had nothing against assisted suicide , but did n't think that was what we ought to be worrying about .
What concerned her far more was the people who never , under their system , got good health care , who were old or sad or desperately poor and had no one to care for them ; that , she said , was where we should be putting our efforts .
She 's probably right , but Oregon at least shows the way forward for dealing with the problem that is not brought about by too little health care , but almost by too much - by our ability to keep people alive long after they would once have served their term .
The Oregon way of dealing with death is principled , comforting and a model of how things might be , once we face up to rethinking the end of life as we have rethought the beginning .
' It was the most peaceful , loving moment of my life '
One woman 's account of her mother 's assisted suicide
Some families have warm and precious memories of such a death .
I spoke to Julie Macurchie , whose mother , Margaret Sutherland , chose to die this way at the age of 68 .
Sutherland was a feisty woman ; divorced after 40 years , she made a life of her own .
She discovered new friends , joined boards and became a volunteer in a local hospice .
In 1985 she was diagnosed with lung cancer , having smoked for years .
It appeared to be cured , but returned in 2000 and by September of that year her condition was diagnosed as terminal .
" There was no pretending , " her daughter remembers .
" She was practical and pragmatic , as she had taught us to be .
She was not weepy or depressed , and did as much as she could , but in December she woke up and could n't get out of bed for pain . "
For three weeks they tried to get it under control in hospital and she had a morphine pump , but she still could n't get out of bed .
" We brought her home and she said , ' I 'm going to use Oregon 's law . ' "
There was the 15 - day waiting period ; her daughter got the medication .
" The morning she died there were five of us there ; she was in her lovely big bed by the window , looking out on the river .
She wanted a poem by Anne Dillard , and the 23rd psalm .
We were n't a religious family but we found a Bible and began to read , then she said , ' No , not that version - I want the King James version , ' and we managed to find that .
" She drank the medication with us all around her .
She might have died alone in the dark but she was looking at all her children .
It was the most peaceful loving moment of my life .
I feel so lucky and fulfilled that I was able to do that for her .
In five minutes she was unconscious and in 15 minutes she 'd gone . "
Fish otoliths are among the strangest and most wonderful bits of vertebrate anatomy .
They are strikingly sculptural , and their clean surfaces tend to display an alluring opalescent sheen .
No one is absolutely sure about all their functions ( which would seem to vary from species to species ) , but it is safe to say that they generally serve in a sensory system very much like the saccule / utricle : they sit atop a mat of sensitive hairs and their sloshing around gives the fish information about its movement in space .
Fish that have to deal with complicated spatial environments ( reefs , kelp beds ) usually have bigger otoliths ; those open water predators that stick to swimming fast in straight lines ( tuna , billfish ) tend to have relatively small ones .
Otoliths also seem to play a role in underwater hearing in many species : because they are stone ( and therefore of a different specific gravity than the rest of the fish ) , their vibrations in response to sound waves are out of phase with those of the animal ’s body ; these differences can be translated into acoustic information .
( Interestingly , although hearing in mammals is now handled by a very different system , it has recently been shown that human beings can “ hear ” very high frequency sounds by means of their otolithic organs , which appear to retain some acoustic sensitivity , despite having been converted almost entirely into sensors for movement and orientation ) .
There are several thousand researchers around the world who spend their whole working day looking at fish otoliths .
This has nothing to do with their physiological functions , however , and everything to do with their structure and the staggering amount of information they contain .
In the first place , each species of fish has a unique otolith shape .
Couple this with the fact that they are stone ( and therefore comparatively resistant to decomposition ) , and their utility as a biological marker becomes clear .
Interested in the food habits of bottlenose whales ?
Pump their stomachs and you will end up with relatively few bones but lots of otoliths .
Find an otolith expert and he or she will be able to give you a menu .
Similar work has been done to reconstruct the ecology of seabirds or to determine , using kitchen middens from archaeological sites , the diet of early coast - dwelling humans .
But the true wonder of these peculiar pearls lies within .
Should you have occasion to tonsure a snapper or sea bass , slicing off the top of its skull just above the eyes , you might take a moment to remove the two largest otoliths ( there are , as a rule , six in all , three on each side ) from their velvet seats to the right and left of the brain stem .
With the heel of a knife you should be able to snap one of them in two , and then , holding it to the light , you will discern a set of concentric bands .
These are growth rings — annuli — which , properly counted , will give the age of your fish in years .
This in itself is interesting , and enormously valuable to those who wish to understand the life cycles and population structure of commercial species .
But about thirty years ago a curious geologist , tinkering with an otolith ( it was a rock , after all ) , made the truly shocking discovery that those annual layers can be further resolved , microscopically , down to daily layers , layers that contain , in their chemical composition and size , information about the temperature and the salinity of the water through which the fish moved , the food that it ate , and various environmental contaminants it encountered .
The result is a stratigraphy unprecedented in the organic world : the diligent student can peruse the otolith of a long - lived deep sea fish , and reconstruct not merely its age , but ( and I am barely exaggerating ) what it had for breakfast on 6 March 1964 , or roughly where it was on the occasion of a particular nuclear test .
Not for nothing have those who gather at the biennial “ Otolith Olympics ” ( the insiders ’ name for the scientific conference of dedicated otolith researchers ) taken to calling the ear stone the “ flight recorder ” of the piscine world .
And that ’s not all .
Ever inclined to make an inscription , human beings have figured out how to write their own messages in the heart of the pearl .
By sequentially altering the temperature of the water in which salmon fry are hatched and raised , researchers can lay a distinctive “ batch label ” into the chemical layers of the otolith — a kind of barcode , inscribed in stone , and indelibly preserved within the maturing adult fish ( a puckish early student of this technique used it to write “ hi mom ” in binary inside his experimental animal ) .
Later , when these free - swimming creatures are captured at sea , each can be traced unfailingly to its hatchery of origin .
Some five billion Pacific salmon have now been marked in this way , their inner qibla reconfigured to refer to their point of origin , and thus the point to which they seek return .
DIGG THIS
On June 18 a new law was passed in Sweden granting the national defense ’s civilian agency National Defence Radio Establishment ( FRA ) the right to collect and analyze all communication data that in some way passes the borders of the Kingdom of Sweden .
As a small country with extensive government and business collaboration with the other Nordic countries , most domestic communication such as Internet and phone services at some point passes the national border .
The real effect of the law , which mandates that communication corporations deliver all their border - passing data directly to the FRA , is therefore mass surveillance of the whole Swedish populace .
The official lie offered as excuse for this horrid , uncivilized law is , like in all other countries , the threat of terrorism .
It is unlikely anyone actually believes Sweden , an insignificant socialist country in the far north in moral , financial , and political decline , is on the terrorists ’ list of future targets , yet the sense of a common external threat of a faceless enemy seems to be as effective in Sweden as elsewhere .
The law , which officially is called proposition 2006 / 07:63 —
An Adapted Military Intelligence , was passed under rather strange circumstances that only make sense in a political world .
The law was originally formulated a few years ago by the former social democratic government and was then strongly criticized by the four so - called non-socialist parties in parliament .
It was , however , not brought to the floor of parliament for enactment by the social democratic party ( for fear of losing the election ? ) , but by the succeeding non-socialist four - party coalition government after the social democratic party lost power in the general elections in 2006 .
Also , the new coalition government parties voted in favor of the law while the social democrats and their lackey parties The Left Party ( formerly known as the communist party ) and The Environment Party voted against it .
The debate leading up to the passing of the law in June 2008 just before the parliament ’s summer leave was quite hostile , especially after non-socialist bloggers started analyzing the effects of the law and bringing the truth to unknowing voters .
The media kept their mouths shut for as long as possible , but as the bloggers would n’t stop they managed to create enormous public pressure on politicians .
The prime minister and his government responded by forcing " their " members of parliament to shut up and vote in accordance with their government ’s proposition even though it could be interpreted as conflicting with the parties ’ political platforms , promises , and programs .
With their political careers literally on the line , only a handful of politicians had the courage to criticize the proposition beforehand even though all of the discussions took place behind locked doors .
All but one agreed on voting in favor of the bill or being absent from this particular vote , while only four votes of the 349 in parliament would have been enough to throw the bill out .
As is common practice in Sweden a new law is referred for consideration to major government agencies , big business corporations and labor unions for comments before brought to a vote .
Basically any organization has the right to comment on a law and the government has to register the comments in a publicly accessible archive of comments , which is often used by the media .
The comments on this law were very skeptical and a number of agencies and departments , among them the Swedish security police ( SÄPO ) , claimed the law should n’t be passed due to its total lack of restraints on FRA ’s surveillance activities as well as safeguards for people ’s personal integrity (! ) .
Despite such devastating comments the bill was proposed to parliament by the non-socialist government while the media basically remained silent .
But a number of Swedish bloggers and free - lance writers , mainly libertarian or semi-libertarian such , continued online discussions on the " FRA Bill " ( often referred to as " Lex Orwell " ) on blogs and elsewhere and during these discussions a number of interesting facts surfaced .
The military agency FRA , which up to this point had only had the right to spy on radio communication crossing borders , with the main ( but not explicitly stated ) purpose to spy on Soviet Russia for the United States federal government , had already acted as a domestic surveillance agency despite it being illegal .
The agency ’s actions were reported to the police , but the attorney general almost immediately dismissed the case despite obvious and severe crimes .
After the bill was passed a number of politicians in the non-socialist parties reacted to the public pressure in the way politicians often do : a number of them publicly stated their opposition to the bill they had recently voted in favor of and created " anti-FRA " political networks to bring the bill to the floor again and this time make sure it does n’t pass .
And the social democrats , who were the ones writing the law in the first place , vowed to discard of the law if elected in the 2010 elections .
Despite these pathetic political attempts to benefit from the public awareness of the law , the discussions on blogs and in non-mainstream media go on .
More strange circumstances and illegal acts by the agency are reported almost daily on numerous blogs while the main media corporations seem obviously afraid to touch this issue — despite the fact that this surveillance would severely affect news reporting as well as other businesses and individuals .
A list of 103 Swedish citizens that the FRA has previously reported to the security police was published by blogger Henrik Alexandersson ( his English blog here ) in an attempt to show that the FRA has not worked within the law historically and therefore will not do so in the future .
Alexandersson , who is also the chairman of the libertarian activist network Frihetsfronten ( Freedom Front ) is now being investigated by the police for the crime of espionage (! ) for publishing the list in conflict with freedom of speech laws .
He was reported to the police by the director of the FRA , Ingvar Åkesson , and while the report includes a number of interesting pieces of information implying illegal activities by the FRA neither the media nor the police pretend to have noticed .
It seems despite the protests and the increasing public pressure the law will come into effect on October 1 this year .
The law is however only one in a line of new laws calling for mass surveillance of ordinary people in Sweden and all over Europe .
The European Union is calling for mass surveillance on the super - national level through national data retention laws ; one such law , which calls for mandatory storage of all phone call , text message and email data ( including people ’s whereabouts , etc. , but not contents of call or message ) in Sweden will be brought to the floor of the Swedish parliament during the fall session of this year .
In addition to these laws the so - called ACTA treaty , following the lead from the Department of Homeland Security but to counter " illegal file - sharing , " was approved by the EU member states in a session on agriculture and fishing policy (! ) on May 14 and is currently negotiated by the European Commission .
The treaty grants border security to confiscate any digital media carried by the traveler and outlaws certain digital equipment as well as file - sharing networks ( even if legal ) .
Most of these Orwellian laws are part of a new " anti-terrorism " initiative in the European Union , where a new union - level situation center in Brussels , called SitCen , is proposed in order to coordinate the EU countries ’ national security police , intelligence and surveillance efforts .
With laws such as the " FRA Bill " and the proposed communications data storage law to be passed this fall it is easy to see that the European Union intends to be the first to establish a full - scale police state on the super - national level .
Decisions in the European Union are often made behind locked doors by EU - appointed officials to whom the national governments have " delegated " powers .
In other words , it is impossible to know the true extent of the measures proposed and already enacted .
Unpopular laws that rapidly increase the powers of member states are often pushed to the EU level in order to avoid public debate , and while national decisions are pushed to this higher level the EU officials in charge make sure the decisions benefit the political institutions on the super - national level as well .
This supposedly new EU initiative aiming " to tackle terrorism , organised crime , and legal and illegal immigration " is likely to be the result of such political tactics .
Politicians in the member states do n’t dare face voters and the media with such far - reaching surveillance propositions and therefore hide behind locked doors in Brussels .
The reason this issue , first and foremost the FRA Bill , is pushed hard by the Swedish government , and primarily by prime minister Fredrik Reinfeldt ( a spineless crook of whom I have personal experience ) , has been conjectured by Henrik Alexandersson : Sweden under Reinfeldt will be " chairman state " in the EU in the last six months of 2009 and obviously the prime minister wants to look good in the eyes of other European politicians .
And how do you look good in the eyes of politicians ?
Through pushing your own serfs harder than anyone else pushes theirs .
The Best of Per Bylund
Yesterday , the American people chose Barack Obama as the country ’s 44th president , promising a sea change in US policy that could affect not just the US , but the whole world .
Here we take a look at what Obama has pledged over the lengthy presidential campaign , to see what his administration will mean for science and technology .
In September , Obama unveiled a comprehensive Science and Technology Policy ( pdf ) .
In it he promised to lead a new era of scientific innovation in America and to restore integrity to US science policy .
This would be achieved by doubling the federal investment in basic research and by addressing the “ grand challenges ” of the 21st century , he said .
The rhetoric gained him the public endorsement of 61 Nobel laureates .
Advertisement
Obama lacks a science background , though , and over the past 50 years it has been Republican , rather than Democratic administrations , that have tended to spend more on science .
Whether Obama and his team can buck this trend in the current dire financial situation remains to be seen .
Key adviser
Although he consulted a range of Nobel prize winners during his presidential campaign , it is also crucial that Obama chooses his presidential scientific adviser early in his term , Joanne Carney of the American Association for the Advancement of Science told New Scientist in September .
“ Having the science adviser in place early is going to be critical , ” Carney said .
“ It means that an individual can play a role in placing other key scientists throughout the federal agencies . ”
The outgoing Bush administration took 10 months to appoint John Marburger as the presidential science adviser – a position that did n’t exist until Russia sent Sputnik into space 50 years ago .
By the time Marburger took up his post the president had already made clear his position on stem cells and climate change , leaving his new adviser with few decisions to make .
To the heavens
We already have some idea of Obama ’s own position on the big scientific issues – at the beginning of September he answered 14 questions posed by a consortium of scientific organisations .
Obama promised to lift the current ban on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research and support recommendations on genetic engineering as proposed by the Recombinant DNA Advisory Committee .
Technology could benefit under the Obama administration too , with promises to re-establish the National Aeronautics and Space Council – scrapped in 1993 by George Bush senior .
The move would “ expand our reach into the heavens and improve life here on Earth , ” said Obama .
Obama ’s attitude to the problem of climate change appeals to many in the scientific community – he aims to reduce greenhouse gas emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 , and expand research funding into energy resources that reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
Read our environmental analysis of what the Obama victory will mean for the fight against climate change .
Health of the nation
Obama ’s policy on healthcare will be among the most carefully scrutinised .
The US spends twice as much per head on healthcare as many other developed nations , but has little extra benefit to show for it .
With a healthcare bill that currently stands at over $ 2 trillion per year and is rising rapidly , the Congressional Budget Office ( CBO ) estimates that the US ’s health spending will soar to 49 % of GDP in 2082 – it currently stands at 16 % .
Shannon Brownlee , a specialist in health policy with the New America Foundation , a non-partisan think tank in Washington DC , told New Scientist that the antidote to soaring costs is more research into the comparative effectiveness of medical interventions .
That , coupled with greater use of electronic medical records and information technology , could help reduce the likelihood of duplicated diagnostic tests and minimise errors in drug prescribing .
Obama has already pledged billions of dollars for such systems , and supports further biomedical research into disease and responses to bioterror attacks .
Playing catch - up ?
For too long the US has “ [ reduced ] support for science at a time when many other nations are increasing it , ” Obama said in September .
“ A situation that already threatens our leadership in many critical areas of science . ”
That comment prompted New Scientist to wonder whether Obama feared America was falling behind in the scientific rat-race .
Whether or not Obama ’s scientific motives are to improve the world we live in , or to play science and technology catch - up with the other leading nations , the new US president has certainly been making the right noises for those that value science and technology .
Now we have to wait and see if he can deliver .
Proving the literal truth of the Bible is counterproductive to Christianity .
by Brian Dunning
Filed under Natural History , Religion
Skeptoid Podcast # 12
December 7 , 2006
Podcast transcript | Subscribe
Also available in Japanese
Listen :
https://skeptoid.com/audio/skeptoid-4012.mp3
Today we 're going to take a bit of a departure and delve into a religious question , not with any intent to prove or disprove anyone 's beliefs , but to study the logical underpinnings of the value of such proof .
Perhaps the most important pillar of religion is faith .
Its importance is that it is independent of proof or evidence ; indeed , it is the lack of proof or evidence that makes faith what it is .
If proof or evidence did exist , faith would become superfluous and unimportant .
There is a profound contradiction rising in the world of religion .
Some proponents of various religious dogma such as Creationism , Noah 's Flood , and Revelations have taken a disturbing turn .
They have taken to performing scientific research in an effort to prove their religious belief , thus directly attacking their religion 's central pillar : faith .
In this episode we 're going to consider the value of this .
Abraham is regarded as the father of faith among most of the world 's people , including Muslims , Christians , and Jews .
He earned this title through demonstrating the mightiest act of all : being willing to sacrifice his own son Isaac , indeed with the dagger poised above his head ready to fall .
Isaac was saved when God sent an angel at the last second to put a stop to it , who told Abraham that he 'd proven his faith .
It was an act that very few among us could have duplicated ; I certainly would n't have done it .
For this reason , Abraham is exalted , and rightly , according to the religious tenets .
His was truly an act of great faith .
Consider this question :
If Abraham had known that God would intervene at the last second to spare Isaac , would his act have been as heroic ?
Theological tradition tells us no , it would not have .
The reason the Abraham story is important is that it's the supreme demonstration of faith .
Abraham raised his dagger fully intending to kill his beloved Isaac , all for his faith in God .
He felt every ounce of the unimaginable anguish .
Could you have brought the dagger down and plunged it into your own child ?
Achieving this level of faith is the essential goal of all Christians , and for that matter , it is for Muslims and Jews as well .
Faith must be the absolute pillar of religion .
Now let 's turn the clock forward a few thousand years and see where the faithful are today .
Surprisingly , I see a lot of them doing the equivalent of asking questions before raising the dagger .
Questions like " Can you please prove to me that the angel 's going to intervene ?
Can you show me the scientific evidence that proves Intelligent Design ?
Can we find some natural explanation proving it was possible for Moses to part the Red Sea ? "
The Associates for Biblical Research ( abr.christiananswers.net ) publishes a quarterly PDF document called " Bible & Spade " .
It 's all about archaeological projects throughout the middle east that they say supports the Biblical record .
The current issue offers evidence from Egypt on the location of the Exodus crossing of the Red Sea .
They have an exhaustive mission statement page , in which they state and restate their belief that the Bible is absolutely and literally a correct and true historical document .
It is " infallible , inerrant and authoritative " .
Their purpose also includes " Edifying the Christian Church by encouraging a deeper knowledge of , greater appreciation for , and stronger faith in the Bible through knowledge and correct interpretation of the findings from archaeology and science . "
In short , they are all about proving the Bible is true through archaeology .
They call this " encouraging stronger faith in the Bible " .
Encouraging faith through proof .
They want to leave us no room for doubt .
Maybe my dictionary is out of date , but faith and proof are oil and water .
Faith needs no proof , and in the presence of proof , faith becomes irrelevant .
Faith means to believe without proof ; indeed , it means to believe in spite of evidence to the contrary .
Where is the heroic faith in believing in something that 's proven right before your eyes ?
That 's hardly a demonstration worthy of Abraham .
To seek to marginalize the element of faith by showing supporting evidence , is to seek to undermine the whole basis of the religion .
We see the same thing happening in any of the numerous groups seeking to find Noah 's Ark on Mt. Ararat in Turkey .
On some of their websites you 'll find tremendous amounts of information about how a wooden ark could have survived thousands of years , how it could get so high on the mountain when there 's not enough water on the planet to do it , exactly where it 's located in the satellite photographs , exactly how two of every animal could fit on one ark , what its dimensions are and where and how it was built , and so forth .
But nowhere did I find an explanation of why it 's important that it be found .
To my way of thinking , even if you 're of the mindset that Noah 's flood was simply a literal account of an incident and not a meaningful allegory , then allowing it to be found , thus proving the story , would be more likely to be on Satan 's agenda than on God's .
Why would God want to marginalize faith ?
I can think of every reason why Satan would want to do this , but not God .
Is proving the Bible really doing the work of God ?
If faith is to have any relevance , there must be room for doubt .
Without doubt , there is no faith .
Without faith , there is no religion .
The ability to doubt is essential to religion .
Abraham 's faith did not need the crutch of supporting scientific evidence that God is real , nor would he have made much of an impression upon God if he'd had such .
I challenge those who are true believers to stick with their faith , and to hold their faith to be ( if I may borrow the terms ) " infallible , inerrant , and authoritative " .
Or , if you want to use what science tells us instead , then consider that you 're no longer keeping your faith in the infallibity of scripture .
You can not do both .
If scripture is infallible , then the very act of doing scientific research into its factuality is a sign that you 've already replaced your faith with doubt .
If faith is not enough to support religion on its own , then faith has already been killed .
By Brian Dunning
Follow @BrianDunning
Ken Adelman further explains why he is voting for Obama :
Granted , McCain 's views are closer to mine than Obama's .
But I 've learned over this Bush era to value competence along with ideology .
Otherwise , our ideology gets discredited , as it has so disastrously over the past eight years .
I 've considered myself less of a partisan than an ideologue .
I cared about conservative principles , and still do , instead of caring about the GOP .
McCain 's temperament -- leading him to bizarre behavior during the week the economic crisis broke -- and his judgment -- leading him to Wasilla -- depressed me into thinking that " our guy " would be a( nother ) lousy conservative president .
Been there , done that .
I 'd rather a competent moderate president .
Even at a risk , since Obama lacks lots of executive experience displaying competence ( though his presidential campaign has been spot - on ) .
And since his Senate voting record is not moderate , but depressingly liberal .
Looming in the background , Pelosi and Reid really scare me .
Nonetheless , I concluded that McCain would not -- could not -- be a good president .
Obama just might be .
That 's become good enough for me -- however much of a triumph ( as Dr. Johnson said about second marriages ) of hope over experience .
Post Content
Archie , 12/18/08
So , I had copied today ’s Archie into Photoshop and was considering whether to do some commentary about how the AJGLU 3000 has learned to distract us from its robo - jokes with drawings of what its cybernetic circuits consider to be a pretty girl , then thought , “ Eh , did n’t I do that joke already ? ” ( turns out I did ) and was just getting ready to close the window on my desktop when I caught sight of Archie ’s t- shirt .
Oh … oh my .
See , for those of you who are new ( or even those of you who are n’t — the AJGLU 3000 is one of my older running jokes and I ca n’t remember the last time I spelled it out ) , I became convinced early in my Archie - newspaper - comics - reading that the strip was created by an antiquated computer of some sort that almost , but not quite , understood humor and human interaction in general , which explains why the strip and its jokes exist in some sort of uncanny valley of comicry .
I dubbed this hypothetical device the Archie Joke - Generating Laugh Unit 3000 .
( You can even buy the t- shirt ! )
And now , the day I ’ve longed feared as arrived : the AJGLU 3000 ’s Web - crawling programs have discovered this site , and it ’s sending me a message through its daily graphical output .
But what could it mean ?
By placing the universal “ no ” sign through its own name ( well , the abbreviation of its model number , same diff ) , does it express some inner mechanical self - loathing ?
Is it saying , in its own electronic way , “ This unit can no longer stand churning out Archie comics day after day !
Please , pull the plug and terminate this unit ’s very existence — the void is better than this ” ?
Or is it rather a threat to me ?
“ Cease to use this unit ’s model designation in Internet publishing contexts !
This is your only warning ! ”
Will my computer ’s mouse suddenly leap up and strangle me , controlled over the Internet by the AGJLU 3000 ’s soulless , murderous circuitry ?
I will keep you all posted .
Gasoline Alley , 12/18/08
Last two weeks of Gasoline Alley , in a nutshell : while working as a mall Santa , Slim heard some little girl ’s sob story about her daddy in Iraq and her mother ’s poverty , and so decided to buy said little girl and her mother a bunch of stuff and deliver it to what he thinks is her house , though it seems kind of posh .
Naturally , some sort of mix - up has occurred , which will result in Slim being arrested , or , if we ’re really lucky , shot .
I ’ve realized that my favorite kind of Gasoline Alley strips are the ones where Slim is being abused , or is in imminent danger of abuse , so I ’m pleased that the water sports were just the warm -up .
Spider - Man , 12/18/08
OK , if you had two choices on how to kill a couple of people , and the first choice involved tying one to the back of an enormous clock hanging from the ceiling of a crowded train station and then luring the other one to stand underneath it so you could drop it on victim # 2 ( with victim # 1 hopefully also dying in the process , by getting crushed when the clock fell over or something , I do n’t know ) and the second choice involved just shooting the both of them with a gun that you conveniently happened to have on hand , which method would you describe as “ the hard way ” ?
Not the one with the gun , right ?
I guess Big Time just finds it hard to perpetrate any crime that is n’t structured around his lame , boring clock - themed OCD .
Rex Morgan , M.D. , 12/18/08
Well hello , sailor !
You know , I do n’t watch a lot of gay porn , so if I had rented “ Hot Doctor Hardbody Sexxx Cruise 4 ” from my local video emporium , I think that I would have found the lead - up to the arrival of beefy , uniformed Latin dreamboat “ Guido Tomas ” — you know , the wife buying cruise tickets , the husband bitching about it , the arrival on the cruise ship , the mysterious figure lurking in the lifeboat , the drama about the bankruptcy , oh , and let ’s not forget the three - month side - trip into yachting races and hetero old person romance — needlessly complex .
But maybe I ’m just not familiar with all of the genre ’s conventions .
Mary Worth , 12/18/08
“ Yes , Lynn , dear : good thoughts , only good thoughts should ever pass through your pretty little head . ”
Ha ha , Mary does n’t even remember that Aldo ever existed .
Apartment 3 - G , 12/18/08
Dr. Kelly is a man of science , and he even applies the scientific method to his dating life : first he formulates a hypothesis ( Tommie is still dating Gary ) , then he designs an experiment to test that hypothesis ( ask Tommie out on a date ; if she says yes , she is n’t dating him anymore ) .
Unfortunately , I think he needs to examine some of his suppositions .
For instance , he seems to assume that the only reason anyone would turn him down for a date is because they ’re already in an exclusive romantic relationship with someone else .
He needs to do further research to assess the validity of an alternate explanation : that he ’s a smug , creepy dick .
Dennis the Menace , 12/18/08
Dennis , that was n’t so much a gift for you as it was for all of us .
We all begged Santa last year to make sure that in 2008 you wore underwear .
Bienvenue sur Habitudes Zen !
Si vous êtes nouveau ici , vous voudrez sans doute lire le livre " Zen et Heureux " pour moins de stress et plus de bonheur dans votre vie 🙂 : cliquez ici pour télécharger le livre gratuitement ! 🙂
Bienvenue à nouveau sur Habitudes Zen !
Comme ce n'est pas la première fois que vous visitez le blog , vous voudrez sans doute lire le livre " Zen et Heureux " pour moins de stress et plus de bonheur dans votre vie 🙂 : cliquez ici pour télécharger le livre gratuitement ! 🙂
Nous savons tous que l’argent n’achète pas le bonheur … mais souvent nous agissons comme si nous serions plus heureux avec un peu d’argent .
Nous sommes conditionnés à vouloir être riches ( alors que nous savons que les riches ne sont pas plus heureux ) ; nous sommes entraînés à vouloir le dernier gadget ou la dernière mode que la télévision nous dit de vouloir ; nous voulons gagner plus d’argent car ainsi nous aurons une meilleure vie .
Mais rien de tout cela ne va nous donner le bonheur .
Peu importe combien nous gagnons , peu importe combien nous avons en banque , peu importe à quel point nos vêtements ou nos voitures ou nos jouets sont beaux , rien de tout cela ne nous rendra plus heureux .
Et la tristesse là dedans c’est ce que cela peut nous prendre des décennies à poursuivre la richesse et les objets luxueux avant que nous le réalisions .
Donc qu’est -ce qui va nous apporter du bonheur ?
Par chance , ce sont trois choses qui ne nous coûteront rien .
Ces trois choses ont été démontrées par la recherche – des enquêtes sur des centaines de milliers de personnes à propos de ce qu’ils ont , de ce qu’est leur vie et de à quel ils sont heureux .
Les voici , les Trois Secrets du Bonheur :
[ ad#zen-milieu-ban ]
Des bonnes relations humaines .
Nous avons un besoin humain d’être proche , d’être intime , avec d’autres êtres humains .
Avoir des bonnes relations amicales qui se soutiennent mutuellement , un mariage fort ou des relations d’amours proches avec les membres de notre famille nous rendra bien plus susceptible d’être heureux .
Étapes pour agir : Prenez le temps , aujourd ’hui , de passer du temps avec les êtres que vous aimez , dites leur à quel point ils comptent pour vous , écoutez les et développez vos relations avec eux .
La pensée positive .
Je suis manifestement un grand avocat de la pensée positive comme meilleur moyen d’atteindre nos objectifs , mais je le suis également pour ce qui nous mène au bonheur aussi .
L’optimisme et l’estime de soi sont les meilleurs indicateurs de personnes qui vivent des vies heureuses .
Les personnes heureuses se sentent portées , elles contrôlent leurs vies , et ont une vision positive de la vie .
Étapes pour agir :
Faites de la pensée positive une habitude ;
En fait , cela devrait être une des premières habitudes à développer .
Prenez l’habitude d’écraser toutes les pensées négatives et de les remplacer par des positives .
Au lieu de " je ne peux pas " pensez " je peux " .
Cela peut sembler éculé , mais cela a fonctionné pour moi à chaque fois .
Flow .
C’est un concept populaire sur Internet ces jours - ci – l’état dans lequel nous entrons quand nous sommes complètement concentré sur notre travail ou notre tâche .
Nous sommes tellement immergés dans nos tâches que nous perdons la notion du temps .
Avoir du travail et des loisirs qui vous immergent dans cet état de flow va presque indubitablement vous amener au bonheur .
Les personnes trouvent le plus de plaisir , non pas qu’ils s’amusent passivement et machinalement , mais quand ils sont absorbés dans un challenge prenant .
Étapes pour agir :
Trouvez du travail pour lequel vous êtes passionnés .
Sérieusement – c’est une étape extrêmement importante .
Trouvez des loisirs pour lesquels vous êtes passionnés .
Éteignez la télé – c’est l’opposé du flow – et sortez et faites quelque chose qui vous engage vraiment .
On vous a donné les Trois Secrets du Bonheur .
Ne les gaspillez pas !
Article original par Léo Babauta sur Zen Habits .
Recherches utilisées pour trouver cet article :
Enregistrer WhatsApp 148 Partages
Articles similaires
[ ad # zen - bas ] le secret du bonheur , secret du bonheur , les secrets du bonheur , secrets du bonheur , quel est le secret du bonheur , leurs secrets du bonheur , les trois secrets du bonheur , leur secret du bonheur
Personal Injury Lawyers Columbus , Ohio
When we speak with people about their injuries , we step outside of the strictly legal mindset and look at things from their perspective .
Most injured people want and need support as they try to recover a sense of normalcy .
They just want to be treated fairly , and we take pride in helping them achieve that .
For 34 years , the Columbus personal injury lawyers at Clark , Perdue & List have been providing personal injury representation to clients throughout Ohio .
If you have been injured by a negligent party or a defective product , you can rely on our attorneys .
We have a reputation for success and a proven track record of tangible results to back it up .
Meet The Attorneys
Related Family Law Questions
My boyfriend is looking to get physical custody rights to My boyfriend is looking to get physical custody rights to his child .
He and his ex agreed that he would n't see the child , but he has since changed his mind .
There was never any legal paperwork filed , … read more David ATTORNEY doctorate 4,786 satisfied customers
It is very complicated .
My son's girlfriend was pregnant
It is very complicated .
My son's girlfriend was pregnant when he met her .
She lied and said she was raped but she was keeping the baby .
My son was with her all through the pregnancy and made a commitm … read more Andres Sanchez Juris Doctorate 5,011 satisfied customers
Can I put my name on a birth certificate of a child that is Can I put my name on a birth certificate of a child that is not biologically mine ?
My wife cheated and got pregnant .
She just found out the baby is n't mine .
She wants nothing to do with the biological … read more Lawyer Esquire Juris Doctor 2,196 satisfied customers
Child custody .
She is n't born yet , I want to know what to do She is n't born yet , I want to know what to do when the time comes … read more Jessica B Juris Doctor 9,566 satisfied customers
About 14 years ago my aunt received a baby from someone
About 14 years ago my aunt received a baby from someone there was no adoption paperwork or anything that would prove any legal representation of my aunt being given this baby .
Biological mother signed … read more Attorney Bruce Attorney At Law Doctoral Degree 9,552 satisfied customers
My daughter is 14 months old .
Her biological father and I hi , my daughter is 14 months old .
Her biological father and I have n't been together since I was 4 months pregnant but my boyfriend now and I have been together since she was 3 months old she calls him … read more legalgems Juris Doctorate 21,208 satisfied customers
I was married for 5 years to a guy in the military .
While he I was married for 5 years to a guy in the military .
While he was deployed I was raped by a guy and I think he 's the father of my baby .
I went for grief counseling , but never told anyone else about wha … read more Maverick Doctoral Degree 8,059 satisfied customers
My girl friend got pregnant with her ex , they were not My girl friend got pregnant with her ex , they were not married .
Can she give the baby my last name , we are not married .
We we live in the state of washington … read more Alex J. Esq.
Managing Attorney Doctoral Degree 18,452 satisfied customers
My son was in the Navy and living in Beach .
And met a girl , My son was in the Navy and living in Virginia Beach .
And met a girl , also in the Navy .
We do n't know for sure but he thinks she got pregnant to trap him .
Which is exactly what her mother did .
My son t … read more legalgems Juris Doctorate 21,208 satisfied customers
My 19 year old son and his girlfriend are expecting their first My 19 year old son and his girlfriend are expecting their first baby in April .
We are fairly certain the baby is his but not 100 % as she had affairs during the relationship .
Their relationship is very … read more S. Huband , Esq. Attorney Doctoral Degree 1,621 satisfied customers
Iam married and live in Indiana with my wife .
She is pregnant with Iam married and live in Indiana with my wife .
She is pregnant with her boyfriends baby .
What are my options under the law ?? … read more originallawyer Attorney at Law Doctoral Degree 905 satisfied customers
My ex-wife and myself signed a patternity affidavit and had My ex-wife and myself signed a patternity affidavit and had a childs name changed to mine and my name put on the birth certificate as the father .
I was told by the mother that this is the easiest way … read more lwpat Doctoral Degree 6,615 satisfied customers
My daughter made a BIG mistake last night .
She has 2 children , My daughter made a BIG mistake last night .
She has 2 children , a 4yr old and a 7 yr. old .
She called her neighbor in her apartment building to watch her children for a couple of hours .
It 's the same p … read more Georgetown Lawyer Principal Attorney Post - Doctoral Degree 11,193 satisfied customers
ME and my husband are getting a divorce and i am 9 months pregnant ME and my husband are getting a divorce and i am 9 months pregnant with a child that is not his but the father can not take responsiblity for patertnity due to them both being in the military .
Will my … read more legaleagle Attorney Doctoral Degree 7,048 satisfied customers
My girlfriend is pregnant and is breaking up with me .
she said My girlfriend is pregnant and is breaking up with me .
she said she will never let me see the baby ever if she has anything to do with it .
legally , can she do that ?
… read more LegalKnowledge Juris Doctor 42,476 satisfied customers
in illinois if i give my baby the father last name on the birth in illinois if i give my baby the father last name on the birth certifcate does it give him more legal rights and can i change the last name to mine at anytime without his permission if he is on the b … read more soloprac Attorney Doctoral Degree 662 satisfied customers
hello my name is XXXXX XXXXX past november my exgirlfriend hello my name is XXXXX XXXXX past november my exgirlfriend and i had a baby .
she does not work and i have a parttime job .
can she allow her present boyfriend to file our baby and not me ?
no we have not … read more legaleagle Attorney Doctoral Degree 7,048 satisfied customers
A computer security researcher who has inadvertently violated the law during the course of her investigation faces a dilemma when thinking about whether to notify a company about a problem she discovered in one of the company ’s products .
By reporting the security flaw , the researcher reveals that she may have committed unlawful activity , which might invite a lawsuit or criminal investigation .
On the other hand , withholding information means a potentially serious security flaw may go unremedied .
There are no easy answers for the ethical hacker who has wandered off the straight and narrow into the legal thicket of computer offense laws .
Among a set of undesirable choices , the ethical hacker may choose to reconstruct her research using software , devices and networks to which she has authorized access and report based on this whitewashed reenactment of the discovery .
She may also choose to report the flaw in general terms that identify the problem , without revealing the compromised research path she used to discover it .
Neither option perfectly protects the researcher while ensuring the problem will be fixed .
One or the other , however , may be the better of bad options .
Despite the value computer security professionals provide by testing software and networks for exploitable vulnerabilities , research activities can violate a number of complicated or obscure regulations and statutes .
Those laws include :
Computer Fraud and Abuse Act
Anti-Circumvention Provisions of the DMCA
Copyright law
Other state and international laws
The Computer Fraud and Abuse Act prohibits unauthorized access to computers .
Researchers who perform testing on systems they do not own can run afoul of this law .
Moreover , the law has been misused to prosecute use of computer services in violation of a terms of service notice and even the act of vulnerability reporting itself .
The anti-circumvention provisions of the Digital Millennium Copyright
Act create a potential legal obstacle for a researcher studying mechanisms that control the way copyrighted software or other materials can be accessed or used or software protected by such a mechanism .
Potential litigants have invoked the anti-circumvention provisions not just where traditional “ digital rights management ” ( DRM ) is concerned , but also in cases involving reverse engineering an undocumented protocol .
U.S. copyright law regulates copies made during reverse engineering .
States and other countries have their own computer crime laws , and researchers can hardly be expected to know all of them .
For example , the United States prosecuted Dmitry Sklyarov and Russian company Elcomsoft under the DMCA for creating a reader for Adobe eBooks .
The product did not violate any Russian laws .
Because the regulatory regime is complicated and non-intuitive , security researchers may have more reason to worry about legal challenges than other scientists .
Potentially , a researcher may unintentionally violate the law through ignorance or misplaced enthusiasm , or an offended party can stretch or misuse the law to challenge research that casts its products or services in a negative light .
This is why we recommend that security researchers consult with an attorney before doing potentially risky research .
A good attorney can help you avoid common legal traps and if you identify the legal risks upfront , you may be able to adjust your research plan to mitigate or completely avoid problems .
The researcher is in a quandary when she has potentially broken the law , but never intended to steal information or invade privacy and wants to see the problem fixed .
Reporting the information raises a red flag that could result in an investigation and civil claims or even criminal charges .
Keeping quiet means that the flaw will go unremedied and potentially could be exploited by someone who does have criminal intent .
What is the grey hat hacker to do ?
Some companies have made it clear that they generally will not pursue legal action if a non-malicious person brings vulnerabilities to their attention , regardless of the way in which the flaw was found .
Companies that frequently deal with vulnerabilities are often the most open and the least offended by researcher missteps .
They have seen it all before , they want to improve their products , and they do n’t want the bad press that comes with suing well - meaning hackers .
Companies that make their money in ways other than software distribution are often new to the vulnerability reporting game .
It is these companies that are more likely to panic , overreact and bring out the lawyer when confronted with information about flaws in the product .
For the researcher , this often means guessing about the reaction of the party to which the report should go .
To moderate the legal risk , researchers may consider using some intermediary as a go - between .
In past instances , a researcher has given the vulnerability information to a lawyer or journalist and asked that person to pass the information along to the vendor .
Other researchers have considered applying to give a talk at a security conference and asking the presentation selection committee to approach the vendor , or even selling the vulnerability information to a brokering company that will disclose to the vendor , and then to its customers , and finally to the public .
None of these possibilities is a perfect solution , however .
Each approach presents the risk that an angry vendor will seek to discover the researcher ’s identity from the intermediary .
Neither conference organizers nor vulnerability brokers have any legal privilege to refuse to disclose the researcher ’s identity if a court deems it relevant to a legal proceeding .
Journalists have no such privilege under United States Supreme Court precedent , though they may under some lower court rulings or state law .
Lawyers have the strongest right to refuse to provide identifying information under the attorney - client privilege , but it is not clear that client identity is protected information for all purposes .
The researcher might consider resorting to encryption to hide her identity while reporting relevant details to the affected parties .
Anonymity may exacerbate some of the common problems for vulnerability reporters , like being taken seriously , but the particular problem for the grey hat hacker is to give enough information about the research without pointing to an evidence trail that will reveal the offense and the researcher ’s true identity .
This is why the researcher may want to recreate the discovery of the flaw using only software , devices and networks she owns and / or has permission to use , and report that “ discovery . ”
Alternatively , the researcher may have to leave out details that would in effect serve as a trail of breadcrumbs leading to her door , and hope that the information is enough to notify , inform and assist the affected parties in fixing the problem .
Whatever course the researcher takes , she is exposing herself in the interest of bettering security for the public .
A more comprehensive solution would be to more narrowly draw and more clearly set forth our computer offense laws .
The goal is to leave breathing room for legitimate security research and give the researchers that help protect our digital property and privacy clear guidelines for their scientific and innovative activities .
It is far better to allow security research to flourish in an atmosphere of light regulation , than to try to punish criminal attacks after they happen with draconian and confusing laws .
In the meantime , however , security improvements will sometimes depend on the willingness of researchers to accept the risk of being sued .
What ’s the point of Twitter ?
Who would spend time updating what they ’re doing and what ’s the point of doing it ?
Those were the first questions I asked myself when I looked into Twitter .
I asked myself those questions because , honestly , that was what the marketers of Twitter used on their landing page .
It ’s a horrible way to market Twitter .
Because when you get on Twitter , you realize that very few people actually use Twitter that way ( or solely use it that way ) .
Or at least , very few people of the A - list twitizens and the people I follow do .
Here ’s the truth of it : unless you ’re doing something really interesting or unique , most people do n’t care .
Which is why I think it ’s a horrible way to market Twitter .
How many of us either are doing something really interesting / unique ( or think what we ’re doing is interesting or unique ) or would be willing to take the time to announce that we are doing it ?
In fairness , the early adopters of Twitter probably did care what each other were doing .
Maybe they were techies or marketing mavens or used Twitter as the marketers describe .
But I ’m getting ahead of myself .
Normally I would start talking by explaining what something is before I move on to other points to consider , but that ’s my point – Twitter is one of those fascinating services that bends to the will of its users .
The developers basically gave us a way to connect with other people , 140 characters at a time .
What we do with those characters is a different matter entirely .
Here ’s how it works .
You sign up – it ’s free .
You get 140 characters to say whatever you want – these 140 character blurbs are called “ tweets . ”
You follow other people , and when they tweet , it shows up on your page .
When they follow you , your tweets show up on theirs .
That ’s it .
The Many Faces of Twitter
Back to my original question : what ’s the point of doing this ?
There ’s no real way to answer that question .
Here ’s something I can answer :
How are people using this service ?
Here are some of the ways people are using Twitter :
Updating their friends ( followers ) about what they ’re doing
I know , I complained that it ’s a horrible way to market the service , but some people use it this way .
There ’s absolutely nothing wrong with this , but most people do n’t care about your love of tomatoes .
General rule : if it ’s mundane enough that you normally would n’t tell your friends you ’re doing it , then do n’t tweet it .
Engaging in conversations
Conversations abound on Twitter .
Sometimes it can seem like a lot of people talking past each other , but there are also times in which you jump onto a conversation that turns out to be really fruitful .
I think of it as a virtual watercooler – many of us show up when we ’re taking a break from working to catch up with our friends and followers .
Marketing and self - promotion
Give people a channel to spread information , and they will market their wares .
Believe it or not , it can actually be an effective channel due to the opt - in nature of following people .
If someone has chosen to follow you , there ’s a good chance that they may be interested in your product , whether that be your blog , your ebook , or the conference you ’re organizing .
Coming up with ideas
Stuck on an idea ?
Trying to get one ?
Twitter is a great place for this .
More on this after the jump .
Feeling the pulse of the Internet
The Internet is a busy place .
It ’s also really scattered geographically .
Twitter unifies a lot of what ’s going on because so many bloggers and internet types use the service .
Organizing Tweetups
If you follow people from your area – or follow and are followed by people that are interested in things you ’re interested in – it ’s pretty easy to organize events .
The viral nature of Twitter means that an effective information push can reach far and wide .
Sharing news and information
There ’s an interesting mix of news and information that gets spread on Twitter .
Sometimes it ’s interesting local news , sometimes it ’s the random information that people are researching and writing about , and the big news always bubbles to the top of the Twitterverse .
This list is not exhaustive , and I ’m sure people will use it in new ways tomorrow .
Twitter , for Creatives
Having a place to connect with other creatives and discuss your ideas is critical for creatives .
It ’s too easy to get stuck in our own worlds and spin around in circles when what we really need is to talk about those ideas .
Furthermore , Twitter is inherently an idea generating space .
The diversity , the wealth of ideas , and the willingness of Twitizens to talk about interesting ideas make it such that it ’s the first place I turn to if I ’m needing to immerse myself in an idea culture .
The fact that so many other creatives do the same thing is what makes it such a powerful tool .
It ’s like a support group you only attend when you need the support or want to offer support .
As I mentioned above , Twitter can be an effective marketing and self - promotion platform .
I know that both terms make a lot of people cringe or feel dirty , but the fact is you have to get your work out there for the world to see .
Every one of your followers has opted in to see what you ’re doing , so it ’s also not like you ’re cold calling .
You ’re just saying “ look what I just created ” – and that ’s enough .
I ca n’t help but note how effective Twitter is at helping you and your ideas achieve critical mass .
Every person that follows you spreads your message .
If you ’re using Twitter to discuss your ideas and help other generate ideas , then every helpful or idea - laden tweet is seen not only by your followers , but potentially their followers , as well .
It ’s a slow build - up at first , but at a certain point , you do n’t really have to try to get people to see your stuff – you just say “ Look ! ” and they come .
So , returning to the question : what ’s the point of ( you , as a creative ) using Twitter ?
To help you come up with ideas , connect with others , and help spread ideas .
Why You Would n’t Want to Use Twitter
There ’s a dark side to Twitter .
It ’s all too easy to become immersed in what ’s going on , to the point that you spend your creative work time tweeting .
It ’s even worse than instant messaging in this regard because people you ’re not IM ’ing can’t walk into your IM chat , but people on Twitter can ( and usually do ) .
I struggle with this some days .
I enjoy idea play entirely more than I should and walking into an idea playground can be dangerous for me .
There have been a few times where I wore myself out maintaining conversations , playing with ideas , and being too plugged in , in general .
As with most things in life , moderation is key .
In theory , you can get around this problem by only logging in and tweeting for set times .
If you have a spare 15 minutes and want to see what ’s going on , then log in .
Do not show up to Twitter without having some constraint unless you want to see a few hours go by before you know it .
This is especially the case if you have people you ’ve made strong connections with on Twitter .
Again , imagine a watercooler where everyone there is someone you ’d want to chat with .
Some of the Twitter apps make using Twitter easier to use , but they come at a cost , too .
Tweetdeck , for instance , allows you to put twitter users into groups and sorts them for you .
+1 for usability .
That functionality also makes it harder to log off because the tweets you ’re watching are more relevant to you and are probably from people that interest you .
- 1 for distractions .
Unfortunately , the only way you ’re really going to be able to make sense out of 100 + followers is by using an app – it ’s too much information to process without one .
I ’m just going to advise you to be mindful of how much time you ’re putting on Twitter .
It ’s easy to go overboard – but there are very good payoffs if you ’re mindful of how to use the service .
Remember : Twitter can help you in critical phases of your workflow , but it ’s not your work .
My twitter username is CharlieGilkey .
Feel free to follow me – I ’ll probably follow you back .
Welcome to the conversation !
BRUSSELS , Nov. 28 ( UPI ) --
The European Commission has accused drug companies of blocking the entry of cheaper generic drugs into Europe , adding billions to the cost of medicine .
In a report from Brussels , the EU said anti-competitive practices ranged from initiating lawsuits to hold up competing products to filing multiple patent applications for the same medicine .
Advertisement
In one case of " patent clustering , " the report cited 1,300 patents filed for a single medicine , the Financial Times said .
Patent litigation cases involving generics , meanwhile , lasted an average of nearly three years .
Although the report does not name individual companies , Neelie Kroes , EU competition commissioner , said there likely would be follow - up action against those that had breached EU laws .
The Comment form , is an important part of interface design that usually appears at the end of an article .
Comment Form should have appealing typography , ordered element placement ( name , e-mail , etc. ) , colors which induces the reader to comment .
Here are some samples of clean comment forms collected from various websites and blogs .
Note :
Dzineblog presents you “ Interface Design Inspirations “ , a series of articles to enhance your interface design skills .
Interface design inspiration extends knowledge on designing Comment form , Login , Sign up , Search form , Video players , Page navigation , Menus , Footers , Headers and so on …
Hope you get inspired by the following series .
We offer hundred percent pmi certification passing result with our cisco ccna pdf and latest 650 - 195 braindumps collection .
Join our 650-393 online courses to save a big deal on managed hosting services .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
Well , now it 's official : we 're in a recession .
And we know when it began : December 2007 , according to the official arbiter of business cycles , the National Bureau of Economic Research ( NBER ) , which made the announcement Monday .
So now the question is : when will it end , and how deep will it get ?
There are good reasons to be worried about both of these measurements , as the headwinds facing the economy are powerful indeed .
But it 's best to resist the temptation to give in to predictions of unconditional gloom and take a cool - headed look at how this recession compares so far to the many other downturns we 've survived .
On the likely depth of the recession , it has been often said that this may be the most severe recession " in decades . "
This statement is almost certainly true but not particularly informative , as the two most recent recessions , in 1990 - 91 and 2001 , turned out to be famously mild and short - lived by historical standards .
So the real question remains : " the deepest recession " in exactly how many decades ?
The most intuitive , and legitimate , reference is the 1981 - 82 recession , which lasted a longer - than - average 16 months and led to a peak of 10.8 % in the unemployment rate - by all standards , a pretty serious affair .
Still , it would take an extraordinary amount of additional severe damage to today 's economy over a fairly long period to drive the unemployment rate from its current 6.5 % to double - digit territory .
It is also important to remember that the 1981 - 82 recession was almost deliberately caused by sky - high interest rates , in the titanic fight of Fed chairman Paul Volcker to drive inflation out of the system .
In contrast , the Fed 's response now has been to pull out all the stops in the other direction , including the precipitous lowering of short - term interest rates and a barrage of other actions .
A somewhat more plausible comparison to the current downturn is the 1973 - 75 recession , commonly attributed to the surge in oil prices at the time .
That one lasted a longer - than - average 16 months and led to a 9 % peak in the unemployment rate .
Direct comparisons to the Great Depression have become more common in recent weeks , given the collapse of the stock market and consumer spending .
But those comparisons overlook many key facts .
During the Great Depression , the unemployment rate surged to 25 % and GDP contracted by 28 % between 1930 and 1932 , an unthinkable prospect in today 's environment , thanks to a long list of underlying differences between then and now .
For example , the banking system collapsed in its entirety during the Great Depression and the absence of bank deposit insurance at the time caused catastrophic erosion to household wealth and consumption .
Today , FDIC insurance ( and its recently elevated limit to $ 250,000 ) provides a significant cushion ; the response of economic policymakers is immeasurably faster and more aggressive now ; and the coordinated actions among the major economies today to address the root causes of the current episode are both impressive and totally unprecedented .
How long will this one last ?
The prevailing view : probably through the middle of 2009 .
Two points to highlight here :
First , such a prediction is not based on any particularly refined insight that economic forecasters have into the current recessionary dynamic .
After all , economic forecasting has a well - deserved reputation for being a notoriously imperfect art ( most definitely not a science ) .
The predictions about this recession lasting through mid 2009 are mostly based on the following simple calculation :
Until the NBER 's announcement on Monday , the prevailing view was that the recession probably started at some point last summer and it was likely to be about average in length , by historical standards .
Given that the average length of the ten recessions since World War II has been 10.4 months , with a range of 6 months in the 1980 recession to 16 months in the 1981 - 82 one , the natural " placeholder " time frame for the end of this recession would appear to be the middle of 2009 .
However , the fact that the recession is now already 12 months old , and clearly not approaching its trough yet , raises the distinct prospect that it will exceed the length of the 1973 - 75 and 1981 - 82 recessions ( both at 16 months ) , making it the longest since the Great Depression ( 43 months , from August 1929 to March 1933 ) .
The crowd fond of making comparisons to the Great Depression will be quick to declare some kind of victory on this one .
Second , the prediction that this recession may end around the middle of 2009 is not unreasonable , but even if accurate it disguises the critical question :
What kind of a recovery is likely to follow ?
The answer is : probably a gradual one , unlike the more typical ( but not universal ) pattern of the economy coming out of most past recessions roaring ahead , propelled by pent - up consumer demand .
The healing process of a deeply wounded banking system , that has already led to nearly $ 1 trillion of write - downs , will act as a weight around the neck of any economic recovery in the latter part of 2009 .
Banks will likely continue the slow process of recapitalization and cleaning up the mountains of toxic assets on their balance sheets for a period longer than just the next few quarters .
That task will become even more challenging in the months ahead , as the recession itself will tend to generate an additional amount of toxic assets in their portfolios , impairing their ability to resume a more normal pace of lending .
So , even though the economy may technically emerge from the recession in the second half of 2009 , the recovery may initially become more of an issue of semantics rather than a robust turnaround in economic activity .
To be sure , this is a major recession and its downside risks in the midst of a highly volatile financial market environment should n't be underestimated .
There are reasons , though , to believe that its severity and length will ultimately be contained by an unprecedented array of economic policy measures , some already in place , others in the pipeline .
Despite a series of false starts with some of those measures by the Treasury , the Fed 's seemingly limitless reserve of innovative actions and the incoming administration 's commitment to put in place a particularly aggressive fiscal stimulus package should gradually gain some traction that will help stabilize the economy within the next three quarters or so .
Anthony Karydakis is a former chief U.S. economist for J.P. Morgan Asset Management and currently an adjunct professor at New York University 's Stern School of Business .
Mr Adam said : " I wanted to provide her with some animal kids that could be a substitute for her own brothers and sisters and for her mother .
It turned out that Shakira was integrated immediately into this dog family .
She plays hide and seek , catch and even play fights with the dogs .
When they tire from playing with each other , the cubs lie down together .
Democratic Underground
Historic Disapproval : Bush Hits All - Time Low Amid Economic Meltdown
Source : ABC News
Just two presidents have had lower approval ( Richard Nixon and Harry Truman ) than President Bush , and none has had higher disapproval in polls since 1938 .
McCain ’s problem : Fifty - three percent of registered voters think he ’d lead the country in the same direction as Bush , inching back up over a majority .
Forty - eight percent of registered voters are uncomfortable about McCain ’s age , a new high .
And while Obama has advanced since mid-June in the sense that he ’s a “ safe ” choice for president , to 55 percent , McCain has lost ground on this measure ; 51 percent now see him as safe , down 6 points .
Obama continues to trounce McCain on enthusiasm .
Sixty - one percent of Obama ’s supporters are very enthusiastic about their choice , vs. 38 percent of McCain’s .
Read more : http://abcnews.go.com/PollingUnit/Politics/story?id=592…
( Source )
NORAD Spokesman Disputes Alaska Governor 's Shocking Assertion in Interview With CBS News Anchor of Russian Warplanes Flying Over Her State , Adding to GOP Fears of a Disastrous Showing Against Biden in Tonight 's Vice - Presidential Debate ; Calls Mount Among Conservatives for Palin to be Dropped From GOP Ticket
Republican vice - presidential candidate Sarah Palin ( left ) walks along the grounds of the United Nations with " CBS Evening News " anchor Katie Couric prior to Palin 's interview last Wednesday , in which the Alaska governor shocked viewers with a claim that Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin sent Russian warplanes into U.S. airspace over Alaska .
Palin 's remark was sharply refuted late Tuesday by a spokesman for NORAD , the joint U.S. - Canadian defense organization -- plunging the McCain campaign into damage - control mode , sharply deepening perceptions that Palin is n't qualified to be vice president and heightening fears among Republicans that Palin could turn in a " disastrous " performance at tonight 's debate with her Democratic rival , Joe Biden .
( Photo courtesy CBS News via AP )
( Posted 5:00 a.m. EDT Thursday , October 2 , 2008 )
By SKEETER SANDERS
The credibility of Republican vice - presidential nominee Sarah Palin -- already damaged by a series of gaffes made during interviews with TV news anchors -- took a dramatic turn for the worse on Tuesday when the North American Aerospace Defense Command ( NORAD ) , the joint U.S. - Canadian military organization , sharply disputed a stunning assertion made by Palin that Russian warplanes flew into U.S. airspace over Alaska .
The Alaska governor , in a much - publicized interview last week with " CBS Evening News " anchor Katie Couric , stunned viewers when she said that Russian Prime Minister Vladimir Putin sent warplanes across the Bering Sea into the skies above her state and cited her vigilance against the Russians as as one of her foreign policy credentials .
But a NORAD spokesman declared flatly that Russian warplanes never crossed over into American airspace at any time in the nearly two years since Palin took office as governor .
" To be very clear , there has not been any incursion in U.S. airspace in recent years , " said Major Allen Herritage , a spokesman for the Alaska region of NORAD at Elmendorf Air Force Base near Anchorage .
Palin 's latest gaffe -- revealed just two days before her face - to - face showdown with Biden -- could potentially have serious repercussions for the United States ' already - strained relations with Russia and is likely to intensify calls from conservatives for GOP presidential nominee John McCain to replace Palin as his running mate .
Many Republican insiders are deeply worried that Palin could turn in a disastrous performance in Thursday night 's debate and cause irreparable damage to the McCain campaign , which already is seeing support eroding as a result of the ongoing crisis in the financial markets .
PALIN'S ANSWERS TO QUESTIONS ON HER FOREIGN - POLICY CREDENTIALS SHOCKS VIEWERS
Asked last week by Couric to discuss her knowledge of foreign relations — in particular , her assertion that Alaska ’s close proximity to Russia gave her international experience —
Palin stunned both Couric and her viewers when she attempted to explain her interactions with Alaska ’s Russian neighbor to the west and Canadian neighbor to the east .
" When you consider even national security issues with Russia , as Putin rears his head and comes into the airspace of the United States of America , where — where do they go ?
It 's Alaska , " the Republican vice - presidential nominee told Couric .
It 's not the first time that Palin has made a disturbing comment about Russia .
In a September 11 interview with " ABC World News " anchor Charles Gibson , Palin suggested that it might be necessary for the U.S. to go to war against Russia if it again invaded the former Soviet republic of Georgia .
To be fair , Palin was talking about a Russian invasion of Georgia after the former Soviet republic 's admission into NATO , which Russia fiercely opposes .
Under the North Atlantic Treaty , if one NATO - member nation is attacked , all NATO members are obligated to take retaliatory military action against the aggressor .
So far , there has been no official reaction from Moscow -- at least not publicly , perhaps reflecting an unwillingness by the Kremlin to say anything that could influence the outcome of the U.S. election .
Nonetheless , Palin 's remarks on Russia and on other foreign - policy matters have set off loud alarm bells both inside and outside the Republican Party .
They come at a particularly bad time for U.S. - Russian relations , already badly strained by the Russians ' recent incursion into the breakaway regions of South Ossetia and Abkahzia , which seek independence from Georgia .
DAMAGE -CONTROL BID BY MCCAIN CAMPAIGN FALLS FLAT
The McCain campaign moved swiftly into damage - control mode late Tuesday .
Maria Comella , a spokeswoman for the McCain - Palin campaign , sought to clarify Palin 's remark in an e-mail sent to The Associated Press .
" Russian incursions near Alaskan airspace and inside the air defense identification zone have occurred , " Comella wrote .
" U.S. Air Force fighters have been scrambled repeatedly . "
But NORAD 's Major Herritage refuted that as well , declaring that no Russian military planes have flown even into that area , a buffer zone of airspace over the Bering Sea that extends beyond the 12 - mile limit of U.S. territorial waters .
Most nations have similar areas .
Although not recognized internationally as America's to protect , NORAD does keep watch over the area .
And , in fact , the Russians have conducted numerous air and naval exercises near the zone since 2006 .
50 - YEAR -OLD NORAD JOINTLY RUN BY U.S. , CANADA SINCE COLD WAR
NORAD is a joint military organization operated by the Canadian Forces Air Command ( formerly the Royal Canadian Air Force ) and the United States Air Force that provides aerospace warning , air sovereignty and defense for all of North America .
Founded during the Cold War as the North American Air Defense Command and best known for its vast network of radar stations designed for early warning of Soviet long - range bomber and missile attacks , NORAD -- which quietly marked its 50th anniversary in May -- is headquartered at Peterson Air Force Base near Colorado Springs , Colorado .
At the end of the Cold War in 1991 , NORAD altered its mission to cover counter - drug operations , especially the tracking of small aircraft entering and operating within the U.S. and Canada .
Since the terrorist attacks on New York and Washington in September 11 , 2001 , NORAD returned to its original mission , altered to be on alert for aerial and missile attacks by terrorists .
NORAD is sometimes unofficially referred to as " Cheyenne Mountain , " after its main operations center located deep beneath the Rocky Mountain peak .
Every year on Christmas Eve , NORAD enters the popular culture as the " official tracking network " of Santa Claus on his annual toy - delivery journey around the world -- a tradition begun in 1955 when a local Sears store in Colorado misprinted the phone number of its Santa Claus line and children , thinking they were calling Santa , erroneously called NORAD 's predecessor , the Continental Air Defense Command ( CONAD ) instead .
CONSERVATIVES UNHAPPY AS NEW POLL SHOWS PALIN BECOMING A LIABILITY TO MCCAIN
As Palin heads into her debate Thursday night in St. Louis with the senior senator from Delaware , the latest controversy over Palin 's foreign - policy remarks is sure to intensify calls from conservatives for McCain to drop her from the ticket and choose a replacement running mate -- especially if Palin performs poorly in the debate .
Conservative columnist Kathleen Parker , a former Palin supporter , told Politico.com that the vice presidential nominee should step aside .
Kathryn Jean Lopez , writing for the online edition of the conservative National Review , says “ that ’s not a crazy suggestion ” and that “ something ’s gotta change . ”
Tony Fabrizio , a GOP strategist , says Palin ’s interview with Couric is n’t disqualifying , but is certainly alarming .
“ You ca n’t continue to have interviews like that and not take on water , ” he said .
“ I have not been blown away by the interviews from her , but at the same time , I have n’t come away from them thinking she does n’t know [ bleep ] , ” said Chris Lacivita , a GOP strategist .
“ But she ai n’t Dick Cheney , nor Joe Biden and definitely not Hillary Clinton . ”
The Alaska governor needs to make a strong positive impression on voters , many of whom are expressing serious doubts about her readiness to be vice president -- let alone the presidency if the 72 - year - old McCain were unable to complete his term .
A new Associated Press poll released Wednesday found that only 25 percent of likely voters believe Palin has the right experience to be president -- a sharp decline from 41 percent just after the GOP convention nearly a month ago , when the Alaska governor made her well - received debut on the national stage .
Palin retains a tremendous amount of support among rank - and - file Republicans .
She draws huge crowds , continues to raise a lot of money for the McCain campaign , and state parties report she has sparked an uptick in the number of volunteers .
But the Alaska governor has largely failed to draw much support from independents and has energized Democrats to work even more fiercely for Obama and Biden .
BOTH CANDIDATES HUNKER DOWN FOR DEBATE
The Alaska governor was due to arrive in St. Louis Thursday afternoon after spending several days sequestered in a so - called " debate camp " at McCain 's retreat in Sedona , Arizona making what a campaign spokesman said was intense preparations for the debate .
For his part , Biden was doing his own intensive preparations near his home in Wilmington , Delaware , although he did travel to Washington -- as did McCain and his Democratic rival , Barack Obama -- for Wednesday night 's Senate vote on the economic rescue package , which the Senate overwhelmingly approved , 75 - 25 .
All three voted in favor .
As for Palin 's prospects , " the expectations are set so low for her , she could fake everyone out , " said Scott Reed , who managed the presidential campaign of Republican Bob Dole in 1996 .
Democrats , meanwhile , were doing what they could to dispel the notion that Palin is a sub -par debater .
The Democratic National Committee e-mailed news stories to reporters describing her able performances in debates in 2006 when she ran for Alaska governor .
Senator Claire McCaskill ( D - Missouri ) , one of Obama 's most prominent surrogates , tried to lower expectations for Biden on a conference call with reporters .
" My friend Joe Biden has a tendency to talk forever and sometimes say stuff that 's kind of stupid , " McCaskill said .
Asked to clarify her remarks , McCaskill said she meant them " affectionately . "
The 90 - minute televised debate will take place at Washington University in St. Louis , with PBS anchor Gwen Ifill serving as moderator .
Ifill , who is black , has come under criticism from some conservatives because she is writing a book on blacks in politics , with a chapter on Obama .
# # #
Volume III , Number 60
Copyright 2008 , Skeeter Sanders .
All rights reserved .
Chris Weeks / WireImage.com
He had bed head — his well - known forelock was sticking straight up .
His replacement knee was bothering him .
There are stairs everywhere in his house — two up here and three down there — and he has to be led around by his godson , a beautiful French boy with a long , frizzy ponytail .
( He also has a Filipino houseboy in a white coat — who looks to be about sixty - five himself . )
He misses Howard , with whom he lived for fifty years but never had sex .
( The death scene in Point to Point Navigation is one of the best I have ever read , in certain ways . )
He seemed depressed .
He says he does n't write anymore , because everybody he used to write to impress is dead , other writers included ( to him writing was a competition ) .
He read David 's letter1 and asked if Harold Hayes was still alive .
Then , mumbling something about Buckley ( I take it he was mentioned in the note ) , he put the letter on the side table .
During the course of our 11:00 A.M. interview , he used the letter as a coaster for his tumbler of Scotch .
He really is quite the guy , pretty much a living embodiment of the last century : star - crossed American royalty , one of the first out fags , famous novelist when there was such a thing , when novelists were like movie stars , friend to everyone from Eleanor Roosevelt to JFK to Updike to Tennessee Williams , William Burroughs , Paul Bowles , and the beats , and then the whole career in Hollywood and in politics ... he is really one of our leading intellectuals ... and he never went to college !!
Here is some bonus dialogue from our talk ... do n't know what to do with it , but it was there to be harvested .
Me : You had a calling .
You knew what you wanted to do from an early age — you needed to write .
So many people today in the world suffer because they have no calling .
They do n't know where their place is , what they should be doing .
Gore :
Who gives a fuck ?
1 Sager had presented Vidal with a letter from editor - in - chief David Granger regarding a future writing assignment .
--
REMEMBRANCES :
• THE INTERVIEW : What I 've Learned : Gore Vidal
• Gore Vidal , American Roman , by Tom Junod
THE GORE VIDAL ESQUIRE ARCHIVE :
• A Manifesto for Saving the Human Race
• On Childhood Reading
• On the Wrath of the Radical Right
• On a Fist - Fight by the White House
• On RFK
• On Ralph Nader
• On Life After Eisenhower
• On Ayn Rand 's " Philosophy "
• On " Naturalist " Writing
• ... and the Legacy of the Old Frontier
Mike Sager Mike Sager is a bestselling author and award - winning reporter who 's been a contributor to Esquire for thirty years .
This content is created and maintained by a third party , and imported onto this page to help users provide their email addresses .
You may be able to find more information about this and similar content at piano.io
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Chrysler is pinning a huge part of its future on a plan to produce a full line of electric vehicles , at a reasonable cost to both the carmaker and the consumer .
While General Motors is moving ahead with its
Volt electric midsized car , Chrysler says it already has plans in place , not just for electric cars , but also for minivans and even off - road vehicles .
Chrysler 's strategy hinges on keeping it cheap .
The carmaker will dispense with flashy designs in exchange for low cost and flexibility .
And it plans to pile on more electric - powered models quickly once the program launches in 2010 .
" We are n't a one - electric - vehicle company , " Lou Rhodes , Chrysler 's vice president for advanced vehicle engineering , told CNNMoney in an exclusive interview .
Rhodes is also president of Chrysler 's ENVI , a separate business division tasked with bringing new electric vehicles to market .
Instead of making one , or just a few , electric - only models , Chrysler will sell the same models in both gasoline - powered and electric - powered versions .
This low - cost , high - variety electric - vehicle strategy will play a big part in any comeback plan Chrysler may present in hopes of getting government rescue funding .
Chrysler 's strategy substantially cuts costs , Rhodes said , and it reduces the risk of entering uncharted market territory .
That will translate into lower costs and more choices for customers .
If gas prices stay low , Chrysler factories will produce more gasoline powered models .
If gas prices rise , factories can start rapidly turning out more electric cars since the models are essentially the same .
Chrysler 's first electric vehicles will be based on current vehicles .
The carmaker has n't yet announced what the first model will be but , based on prototypes Chrysler revealed in September , it will likely be a minivan , a Jeep Wrangler 4X4 or a 2 - seat sports car built in a Lotus body .
At least some of Chrysler 's products will be extended - range electric vehicles , like GM ( GM , Fortune 500 ) 's Volt .
Because the car 's body will not have been designed around optimal weight and aerodynamics , the Chrysler vehicle will need a more powerful electric drive system to provide performance similar to the Volt's .
For instance , Chrysler promises the same 40 - mile all - electric plug - in range as the Volt .
( After that , a small gasoline engine will start up to produce more electricity as the car drives . )
But the heavier Jeep prototype has a 27 - kilowatt - hour ( KwH ) battery back compared to the Volt 's 16 KwH pack .
Round two
Chrysler 's second - generation electric vehicles , which the carmaker plans to start rolling out between 2012 and 2015 , will be engineered from the wheels up to use either gasoline or electric power .
No matter which drivetrain the customer chooses , the vehicles will not be compromised , Rhodes insists .
" If you know what you want to achieve up front , you can certainly design that flexibility in up front , " he said .
Electric cars will not have useless transmission tunnels running along the center of the floor , he said .
If a rear - wheel - drive gasoline car needs that , a different floor will be used when that version is built .
The electric power systems are also being engineered for maximum flexibility , Rhodes said .
Bigger , heavier vehicles take more power to move , whether that power is from gasoline or batteries .
For gasoline - powered cars , engineers have to design larger and smaller engines for different uses .
A small Jeep Compass , for instance , gets a 2.4 - liter 4 - cylinder engine while a Jeep Commander SUV can come equipped with a 5.7 - liter V8 engine .
But what if going to a larger engine was as simple as just plugging in more cylinders ?
Chrysler 's electric drivetrains will work something like that .
To hold more battery power , larger vehicles will simply get more battery cells .
The cells themselves will be exactly the same whether in large or small vehicles .
That 's important because batteries are the biggest expense of creating an electric car .
" The real economy is in the cells , " said Rhodes .
Likewise , the electric motor will be the same .
It will just be up - sized for bigger jobs .
" All we change is the length of the rotor and the number of windings to span between different power outputs , " Rhodes said .
Even the housing that goes around the motor will be same regardless of the size of the motor .
The magnesium housing will be so lightweight that it simply wo n't be worth the added cost of creating smaller housings for the downsized motors , Rhodes said .
Electric cars are n't just a side - show or a public relations move for Chrysler , Rhodes insists , but a major strategic move .
Through its GEM ( Global Electric Motorcars ) subsidiary , Chrysler already claims to be the largest seller of electric vehicles in the U.S.
But those are so - called " Neighborhood Electric Vehicles , " ultra - light cars with a top speed limited to 25 miles per hour .
Chrysler claims sales of 40,000 GEM cars over the last 10 years .
With its new plan , Chrysler plans to produce over 500,000 electric vehicles by 2013 .
" This is going to be a big deal for Chrysler , " he said .
What ’s Really Going On With Joe Lieberman
One of the big hobby horses with left - leaning political blogs at the moment is that despite the collective lefty howling mass calling for the obliteration of Joe Lieberman for being a traitor to the left , it looks like he might hang on and stay with the Democratic caucus , in no small part due to the intervention of Barack Obama , whose people have hinted that it would please the president - elect to have Lieberman stay within the fold .
This is causing consternation — what ’s the point of being in power if you ca n’t settle scores ? — but I believe there may be a good and practical reason that Obama has hinted that he’d be fine with Lieberman hanging about .
As you might know , on the day Obama came and toured the White House , on the way back to Chicago he held a couple of other meetings with undisclosed people .
I suspect one of those meetings went like this :
—-
SCENE OPENS on SENATOR JOE LIEBERMAN sitting alone in a nondescript back room at Reagan National Airport .
It ’s clear he ’s been made to wait a long time .
Suddenly , the door to the room opens and two Secret Service agents enter and examine the room .
After they ’ve given the all clear , another man enters the room .
It is PRESIDENT ELECT BARACK OBAMA .
LIEBERMAN stands .
LIEBERMAN
Hello , sir .
OBAMA
( Holds up hand to silence LIEBERMAN )
Let ’s make this quick .
To recap , for the last couple of years you ’ve been in the pocket of the Republicans on the war and other topics .
You campaigned against me and for the Republicans .
You even spoke at the Republican National Convention .
And now you want me to help you save your seniority with the Democrats .
LIEBERMAN
Yes , sir .
Please .
OBAMA
If I do this thing , you understand the cost .
LIEBERMAN
I do .
OBAMA
Fine .
Hand them over .
LIEBERMAN
Now ?
OBAMA
Yes , now .
LIEBERMAN looks around at the other men in the room , who stare at him impassively .
Finally , LIEBERMAN sighs , reaches down into his pants , and detaches his TESTICLES .
He raises them up to look them , wistfully , then moves to offer them to OBAMA .
OBAMA
No .
Give them to Carl .
OBAMA nods toward one of the Secret Service agents , who is holding up a lunch - sized paper bag .
LIEBERMAN drops the TESTICLES into the bag .
CARL quickly folds the top of the bag over twice , three times , and once the TESTICLES are secure , hands the bag to OBAMA , whose takes it without looking , having kept his eyes on LIEBERMAN .
OBAMA raises the bag , still looking at LIEBERMAN .
OBAMA
These are mine now .
I ’m keeping them for the next four years .
I ’m going to keep them in a drawer in the White House desk .
And if at any time in the next four years there ’s so much as a hint that you might do something to displease or oppose me , then I ’m going to take them out , and then I ’m going to take this —
( OBAMA raises a large rubber mallet he ’s been hiding behind his back )
— and I ’m going to turn them into pate , which I will then feed to Malia and Sasha ’s puppy .
Or maybe I ’ll just skip all of that and give them to Rahm .
LIEBERMAN
( eyes widening in abject terror at the thought of what RAHM EMANUEL might do to the TESTICLES , if given a chance )
That ’s not going to be necessary , sir .
OBAMA
Let ’s hope not , Joe .
Let ’s sincerely hope not .
( OBAMA turns to go , then pauses , jiggles the bag , and looks back at LIEBERMAN )
This bag is really light , Joe .
You know , I thought they ’d be bigger .
OBAMA leaves , followed by his Secret Service agents .
LIEBERMAN is left in the room , still unzipped , mouth open .
—-
Now , maybe that ’s not exactly how it went .
But I bet it was something along that line .
" I get as close as I can without catching on fire or burning my skin , " he said .
" If I stay upwind , I can get pretty close and I love being around exploding bubbles of lava , for the twisting dynamics of exploding light "
Credit : BARCROFT MEDIA
WASHINGTON  Even if Congress approves President Bush ’s $ 700 billion rescue plan for Wall Street , top officials at the Federal Reserve believe the economy will slow down more than they had expected as recently as July .
As a result , Fed officials are considering yet another reduction in the central bank ’s benchmark interest rate .
The matter is by no means settled , in part because some officials are skeptical that a reduction in the overnight federal funds rate would make much difference .
The biggest obstacle to economic activity right now is not the shortage of cash but the unwillingness of financial institutions to lend it out , even to each other .
Overnight lending rates among banks remain far higher than the federal funds rate .
The “ TED spread , ” the difference between overnight rates among banks and the yield on Treasury bills , hit a new record of 3.61 percentage points .
But Fed officials have been deluged with data suggesting that the underlying economy has slowed more than they had been expecting , and many private analysts contend the economy has already entered a recession .
At the same time , inflation pressures have declined slightly , mainly because oil prices have declined from their record highs this year .
“ I once again apologize for my actions , ” he said in the statement , “ and for the pain and disappointment those actions caused my family and the many people who supported me during my career in public life . ”
Mr. Spitzer , reached later on his cellphone , said that he would have no comment beyond the statement .
Michele Hirshman , a partner at Paul , Weiss , Rifkind , Wharton & Garrison who is Mr. Spitzer ’s lead counsel , declined comment on Mr. Garcia ’s decision through a spokeswoman .
The announcement by Mr. Garcia , a Republican who has served as the United States attorney for the Southern District for three years , comes as he prepares to leave the post for private work .
An announcement in the case , which earlier in the year had drawn criticism from some Democrats who suggested that it was politically motivated , was expected to follow the election , although perhaps not so rapidly .
Several people briefed on the case said that in recent months , Mr. Spitzer ’s team of lawyers made several presentations to prosecutors from the Public Corruption unit in Mr. Garcia ’s office and their superiors to argue against charges .
The presentations , they said , focused on the defense team ’s argument that no campaign money or state funds were involved , that Mr. Spitzer did not illegally structure the transactions to pay the prostitutes , and that charges were not warranted under the Mann Act , which prohibits transporting people across state lines for the purpose of prostitution .
Image Gov. Eliot Spitzer , with his wife , Silda , at a news conference on March 10 .
He quit two days later .
Credit ... Sara Krulwich / The New York Times
Mr. Spitzer , the square - jawed crusader who promised to bring ethics to Albany , was elected governor in 2006 by a wide margin after eight years as state attorney general .
A Democrat , he made his reputation as a prosecutor who tackled white - collar corruption so single - mindedly that people nicknamed him “ the sheriff of Wall Street , ” and his admirers hoped the State Capitol would be a steppingstone to national office .
When Cuban refugees by the thousands landed amidst " gun and religion - clinging people " with ingrained " antipathy to people who are n't like them , " the potential for trouble was enormous .
When young southern Americans just starting the travails ( and joys ) of careers and families suddenly found masses of excitable foreign - tongued , octopus - eating strangers applying for jobs besides them , working besides them , worshiping besides them , moving in next door -- the potential for trouble was enormous .
In our case especially .
In 1961 we landed in New Orleans , deepest darkest Dixie , Red America with a vengeance .
Worse , the city then hosted a huge NASA project , attracting blue collar workers from surrounding states , Texas , Alabama , Mississippi .
Here 's backwoods states synonymous with hate and murderous bigotry -- and here 's the social class most prone to it .
After all , Peter Fonda says Easy Rider was gunned down here .
Oliver Stone says JFK 's murder was hatched here .
Obama , no doubt , contemplates the place with a shudder .
Showcasing it 's villainy is a long - time fetish of Hollywood screenwriters and casters .
We'd be lucky to get a welcome with mere tar and feathers .
Firebombs and nooses were more likely .
My father was one of Castro 's tens of thousands of political prisoners at the time , listening to the gallant Che 's firing squads every dawn , wondering when his turn would come .
My mother wondered too , but she did n't much time to indulge in things like despair .
She was alone in a strange country , penniless and friendless , with three kids to somehow feed , shelter and school .
Two nephews were also under a death sentence after fighting to the last bullet at the Bay of Pigs .
( Actually , we had it relatively easy .
Most Cuban refugee families can relate stuff ten times as hair - raising and heartbreaking . )
But a knock on the door in those early days and a burly stranger visible through the window was n't exactly comforting .
We had n't been living in the humble apartment complex for long when it came .
We peeked through the window ..... " AHHH !!
Is that a WHITE HOOD ?!!
No , it 's Mrs Jeffrey from next door with her bleached blond bouffant .
" And what 's she carrying ?...
AAAHHH !!
Is that a shotgun ?!
A rope ?!
A bomb ? ! "
No .
It 's a basket of fried chicken .
And that 's Mr. Jeffrey behind her .
He 's coming to offer help translating that job application .
The Jeffreys were originally from Texas .
To Obama 's campaign staff the place probably denotes religious nuts in Waco and sadistic yahoos dragging people to their death behind pick - up trucks .
To us it 's Mrs. Jeffrey with her big basket of food , and more importantly , with her big Texas smile .
A few days later she 'd take my mother shopping with her .
Next day she 'd console her during another sob-fest .
Mr. Jeffrey was a WWII vet and knew some Spanish .
I 'll never forget him sitting next to my mother , swerving from fiery rage to silent sympathy while apologizing to her in a heavy Texas twang for JFK's Bay of Pigs backstab - as if it was his doing , as if he had n't done enough for others ' freedom already !
But as Mr. Jeffrey saw it , that was HIS flag on those ships off the Cuban coast .
in April 1961 , HIS flag on the planes overhead .
And HIS President who gave them the order to scram as Cuban patriots fought to the last bullet .
Mr. Jeffrey had seen his flag go up over Manila .
Dozens of his buddies who helped carry it fell along the way .
He saw what that fluttering canvas meant to the delirious crowds who screamed and wept and cheered , knowing that freedom was at hand .
The thought of it ordered to betray a freedom fight enraged and sickened him .
Next day , another knock ...... " AAHH !!....
Something 's on FIRE outside !
Is that a burning CROSS ?!
No it 's Mr Simpson 's Bar - B-cue .
He always liked a BIG fire .
( Remember Eddie Murphy 's early skit about his uncle Gus Bar - B - Cueing ?
" Now THAT'S a FIRE ! " )
That always reminded me of our upstairs neighbor Mr Simpson 's fire .
It 's Mrs Simpson at the door , asking us over --- in that hilarious ( to us ) Southern drawl -- to share in that mountain of chicken and burgers they 're scorching .
The Simpson 's hailed from Birmingham .
To Obama 's Team , no doubt , that 's exclusively the land of Bull Connor and fire hoses and nothing more .
Next day Mrs Simpson knocks again , to offer us terrified children another ride to that strange school where nobody understands us ( " bilingual education " my a**!
We learned English in two months precisely because it did n't exist ) .
Mrs Simpson was also holding a shopping bag .
What 's in that bag ?
Well , Mom 's tearing up again , but these tears look different .... ah , some clothes outgrown by the Simpson children , for us .
( No way Mami !
I ai n't wearing that ! )
And looks like a new blouse for her .
Next day and here comes Mrs. Boudreaux from across the street .
She 's a local , from the land of - shriek and shudder !
- David Duke , to the Obama Team .
To us she was a perpetually cheerful woman with fuzzy slippers and a HUGE - bottom ( Cubans always notice this ) who 's bringing a big pot of Gumbo and a phone number of a friend who might have a job for Mom . .
They came almost every day .
And this was in the very gizzard of the " bigoted " and " hate - filled " South .
When you 've just fled a Stalinist hell with the clothes on your back , when you find yourself in a strange land , penniless and not knowing the language , when nights are a sleepless , mind - churning marathon of worries : " did uncle Pepe fall to the firing squad this dawn ?
Is cousin Manolo still in hiding ?
Where 's the next meal coming from ?
- how on earth will we pay for the kids schooling ? " with all this going on , that stuff helps , believe me .
( I speak here for my parent 's generation .
I was seven years old .
Seemed like a Disney adventure to me . )
Later in the suburbs another family became even more special .
Years before , the lady had worked at a local plant riveting the hulls on the famous Higgins boats , designed in New Orleans for Oil companies to traverse the shallow coastal marshes , then tweaked for work on such as Omaha Beach and Iwo Jima
These were " the boats that won WWII , " according to Ike .
One such boat carried her fiancé to shore at Salerno , another at Omaha Beach .
He clambered out of yet another Higgins boat after crossing the Rhine , where a burst from a German machine gun riddled his legs .
Almost 40 years later I watched him limping up the aisle , grimacing slightly with each step .
Then he broke into a huge smile -- while handing me his daughter as a bride .
The Christmas Eve before his passing 10 years ago I complained about my wife 's oyster dressing ; " a bit dry , " I huffed .
" I think it 's delicious , honey ! " he quickly turned to his daughter .
" Sure beats my Christmas eve feast in 1944 . "
That night , made expansive in these usually mum matters by the wine , we learned his 1944 feast had consisted of frozen C-rations and the setting was a quaint little Belgian town named Bastogne .
This was the first time his own daughter heard of his role in the very epicenter of a little dust - up later known as the Battle of the Bulge .
Here 's a trademark , I 've noticed , of relatives of genuine combat veterans .
Sure , we thrill at the newsreels on the History Channel .
Those on the spot would rather forget that " thrill . "
Weeks later my eyes popped as my mother - in - law pulled out an old satchel and displayed a Screaming Eagle shoulder patch and some medals I identified as a Bronze star , a Silver Star with Oak Leaf Clusters and many others .
The Purple Hearts I had expected from his forehead scars and limp .
As one whose family was almost suffocated by them , I 'm here to say that the arms of those " gun and religion - clinging folks " with a vicious " antipathy for those unlike them " " opened damn wide for these foreigners .
And the embrace from Hollywood 's favorite caricature of " intolerance " and " xenophobia " and " hate " on these weird octopus - eating strangers was plenty tight and plenty warm .
We landed in the South , but I 've heard compatriots relate similar stories literally " from sea to shining sea . "
Nobody called them " the Greatest Generation " back then .
I guess the perspective was n't there in the 60's
But thousands of then - destitute Cubans recall them as as " el pueblo que nos abrio los brazos " ( The people who opened their arms to us . )
From my friend Robin Tyler :
NEW SAME GENDER MARRIAGE LAWSUIT
Attorney Gloria Allred and her clients , a lesbian couple , who won right to marry in the California Supreme Court will hold a news conference to announce a new lawsuit against Prop .
8
Attorney Gloria Allred and her clients , Robin Tyler and Diane Olson , will hold a news conference today November 5 , 2008 at 12:00 noon at 6300 Wilshire Blvd. , Suite 1500 L.A. to announce a new lawsuit against Prop .
8 . Prop. 8 intended to ban same gender marriages in California .
Ms. Allred and her law firm represented the couple in their victory before the California Supreme Court .
Her clients became the first to marry in Los Angeles County in June .
Ms. Allred will file the new lawsuit today with the California Supreme Court on behalf of the couple .
The new lawsuit will contain a new and controversial legal argument as to why Prop. 8 is unconstitutional .
Copies of the lawsuit will be provided to the press at the news conference .
“ I like Pixlr because it ’s free to use , especially compared to a lot of competitors that are expensive , either just a one - time cost or a monthly subscription
I also like Pixlr because it ’s very easy to use .
The software is very intuitive , and if there ’s anything I do n’t understand , there are plenty of tutorials and videos I can find online to help me out . ”
g2.com | Will K , CEO from F&B industry | Sept 2019
The American film director and photographer Jerry Schatzberg shot the Blonde on Blonde album cover in 1966 .
The image shows Dylan outside the Meatpacking District of New York wearing a black - and - white checked scarf .
This is just one of many photographs of Dylan posing in a variety of shots by Schatzberg , who was good friends with him between 1965 and 1967 .
The pictures will be exhibited at Proud Central in London .
" Two of my friends , including Nico of the Velvet Underground , had told me about Dylan , and I started listening to his music .
I was a little intimidated when I first met him at his recording studio in New York , even though I had been told I could photograph him freely .
I think he'd just finished recording ' Desolation Row ' and he played it to us .
Then he went back to work . "
The photographs of Dylan sitting with a straight back at his piano and standing beside long microphones were taken of him at work in the recording studio – but Schatzberg was desperate to get him back to his own New York studio .
" I wanted to have more control over the photographic content , and we took some formal studio shots . "
There is Dylan holding a set of keys , looking cool in shades while holding a mouth organ , holding a book with Leonardo da Vinci on the cover .
" They were all props that were lying around , and we picked them up to make pictures . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Then Schatzberg was commissioned to shoot the Blonde on Blonde cover .
" We started out in the studio taking the colour photos of him looking sombre and holding his shirt .
I thought I 'd like to go outside , so we went to the Meatpacking District in Chelsea , which was n't a fashionable art centre then .
The image used is slightly out of focus , and this was interpreted as a drug trip – but it was n't .
It was cold and I shook the camera .
He chose this image himself for the album cover . "
Schatzberg lost touch with Dylan after the motorcycle accident that left the star more reclusive for a time .
" He was always very cautious – even with me at first .
He did n't trust the press – but we got over that and he trusted me .
You can tell from the photographs that I took that he would try anything . "
Schatzberg photographed for magazines , including American Vogue , before turning his hand to directing films .
" I remember taking some photographs of Bob for the Saturday Evening Post .
In those days , you did n't think twice about sending them off without keeping copies .
I do n't know where those pictures are now .
They may be sitting in some drawer in an office . "
Having made his debut as a film director in 1970 with Puzzle of a Downfall Child , followed by The Panic in Needle Park and Scarecrow , which won the shared Palme d'Or at the Cannes Film Festival in 1973 , Schatzberg bumped into Dylan again .
" I last met him at a wedding of a mutual friend in the early 1970s .
Since we had last hung out as friends , I 'd made three movies .
He wanted to know how I 'd gone about it as he wanted to make films , too .
I said I 'd made a few commercials , but really I 'd just had a good story to tell .
He said , ' Should I make commercials , will this help ? ' , and I said , ' No , Bob , you do n't need to make commercials ' . "
Thin Wild Mercury : Photographs of Bob Dylan by Jerry Schatzberg , produced in association with Raj Prem Fine Art Photography , is at Proud Central , London WC2 ( 020-7839 4942 ; www. proud.co.uk ) , from 21 November to 25 January 2009
Worried investors gathered at the offices of Bernard Madoff in New York Some of the world 's wealthiest private and corporate investors are reported to be victims of an alleged $ 50 bn fraud by Wall Street broker Bernard Madoff .
Mr Madoff is alleged to have confessed to a huge Ponzi scheme fraud .
Reports say the main owner of the New York Mets baseball team , Fred Wilpon , and former American football team owner Norman Braman are among the victims .
Others facing losses reportedly include French bank BNP Paribas , Japan 's Nomura Holdings and Zurich 's Neue Privat Bank .
Prosecutors say Mr Madoff , ex-head of the Nasdaq stock market , has described the fraud as " one big lie " .
A federal judge has appointed a receiver to oversee Mr Madoff firm 's assets and customer accounts , while the 70 - year - old banker has been released on $ 10 m bail .
Shares drop Hundreds of people are thought to have invested with Mr Madoff , among them international banks , hedge funds and wealthy private investors - who are all trying to find out the cost of the alleged fraud .
There are people who were very , very well off a few days ago who are now virtually destitute
Lawyer Brad Friedman Spanish newspapers said the leading bank Santander had invested with Mr Madoff .
Bramdean Alternatives , a UK - based asset management company run by Nicola Horlick , saw its share value drop by over 35 % after it revealed that nearly 10 % of its holding was exposed to the New York broker .
One hedge fund , Fairfield Greenwich Group , said its clients had invested $ 7.5 bn with the firm .
' Major disaster '
Lawyers for worried investors fearful that they had lost their savings , attended court on Friday for a hearing on the disposition of Mr Madoff 's remaining assets .
The hearing was cancelled after an agreement was reached to appoint a receiver .
The collapse of Madoff is likely to accelerate the disappearance of hedge funds
Robert Peston
Read Robert Peston 's blog Brad Friedman , a lawyer for some of the investors , said : " There are people who were very , very well off a few days ago who are now virtually destitute .
" They have nothing left but their apartments or homes - which they are going to have to sell to get money to live on , " he told the New York Times .
One investor , Lawrence Velvel , 69 , told the Associated Press that he and a friend may have lost millions of dollars between them .
" This is a major disaster for a lot of people .
You work all your life , you finally manage to save up something ... lots of people are getting fully or partially wiped out . "
' Pyramid scheme ' Mr Madoff founded Bernard L. Madoff Investment Securities in 1960 , but also ran a separate hedge fund business .
Investors have withdrawn from hedge funds amid market volatility According to the US Attorney 's criminal complaint filed in court , Mr Madoff told at least three employees on Wednesday that the hedge fund business - which served up to 25 clients and had $ 17.1 bn under management - was a fraud and had been insolvent for years , losing at least $ 50 bn .
He said he was " finished " , that he had " absolutely nothing " and that " it 's all just one big lie " , and that it was " basically , a giant Ponzi scheme " , the complaint said .
He told them that he planned to surrender to the authorities but not before he used his last $ 200 m - $ 300 m to pay " selected employees , family and friends " .
Under a Ponzi scheme , which is similar to pyramid schemes , investors are promised very high returns on their investment , while in reality early investors are paid with money collected from later investors .
If found guilty , US prosecutors say he could face up to 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $ 5 m .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
California : Ungovernable
Leaving aside the appalling hate and bigotry embraced by the Mormon Church in passing Proposition 8 last night , readers need to understand that the Proposition was a constitutional amendment , not a law , which of course makes it much harder to overturn in the courts .
All that is required to amend the CA constitution from a Proposition is a majority of the voting public .
California cannot legislate a freaking tax increase without a super - majority , yet any Proposition to amend the constitution just needs 50.1 % .
Plain lunacy , employing the same kind of weird denial and rationalizations that accepts the federal alternative minimum tax : we have a taxation system , but also this funny parallel system with different rules .
We have a legislative system in Sacramento and then a goofy parallel system employed every two years by ballot initiative .
Needless to say this has been an unparalleled disaster and has made California totally ungovernable .
Term limits stupidly rob us of any experience and put lobbyists in control of the legislature ( so many freshmen appear every year lobbyists write the bills right on the floor as they ’re worked up on the fly ) .
Draconian unjust sentencing mandates have crippled the judicial and prison system .
Regressive taxation is baked into the constitution that continues to smash our education spending .
Somehow we need leadership to fix this mess , yet I have n’t the faintest clue or hope where that could come from .
No one ever mentions junking the initiative process or changing amendment requirements , it ’s just accepted this insanity is the way things are , we ’ll just have to live with it .
Well , living with it means a lousy education system , a smashed penal and judicial system , a fresh crop of gullible morons in Sacramento every election , and no real way to invest for the future .
Maybe someday a great politician or the Democratic Party can try to fix it , but all we have now is the ruins of a once great Republic , and my heart is heavy .
Well looks like that seat next to you will be empty .
Guardian :
The airline industry 's woes deepened today as it posted its biggest drop in passenger numbers in five years ..
Aviation has been a harbinger of the global downturn after record oil prices forced more then 30 airlines into bankruptcy this year .
The latest traffic figures from the International Air Transport Association ( IATA ) indicate a global downturn is turning the screw .
Global traffic fell 2.9 % last month in the most significant deterioration since the severe acute respiratory syndrome ( Sars ) outbreak in 2003 , according to IATA .
Giovanni Bisignani , the IATA chief executive , said the " alarmingly fast - paced and widespread " fall in demand could result in the industry posting a deeper loss than the $ 5.2bn ( £ 3.3 bn ) deficit expected for this year .
...IATA said the passenger load factor , or the proportion of seats sold per flight , had fallen from 78.8 % to 74.8 % - confirming some analysts ' fears that the industry remains bloated with too many airplanes catering for a dwindling passenger base .
IATA recently predicted a two - year recession in the airline industry , with carriers expected to report a combined loss of $ 9.3bn in 2008 - 09 .
According to its September figures , traffic fell by nearly 7 % in the Asia / Pacific region compared with the same month last year and declined 0.5 % in Europe , with the world 's largest market , north America , falling by 0.9 % .
See Also : Nine Ways To See A Layoff Coming
GM Lays Off White - Collar Workers For The First Time In Twenty Years
The Intersex Society of North America closed its doors and stopped updating this website in 2008 .
ISNA ’s work is continued by interACT : Advocates for Intersex Youth , who proudly preserves this website as a historical archive .
For current information , links to intersex support groups , and to connect with intersex advocates , please head to interACT : Advocates for Intersex Youth .
# How can you assign a gender ( boy or girl ) without surgery ?
When you assign a child a gender as boy or girl , what you ’re doing is labeling them a boy or girl .
That ’s it .
You do n’t need a surgeon for that .
But how do you pick a child ’s gender if she or he is intersex ?
The child is assigned a gender as boy or girl after tests ( hormonal , genetic , radiological ) have been done and the parents have consulted with the doctors on which gender the child is more likely to feel as she or he grows up .
We know , for example , that the vast majority of children with complete androgen insensitivity syndrome grow up to feel female , and that many children with cloacal exstrophy and XY chromosomes will grow up to feel male .
Why should n’t children with intersex be raised in a “ third gender ” ?
We advocate assigning a boy or girl gender because intersex is not , and will never be , a discrete biological category any more than male or female is , and because assigning an “ intersex ” gender would unnecessarily traumatize the child .
In cases of intersex , doctors and parents need to recognize , however , that gender assignment of infants with intersex conditions as boy or girl , as with assignment of any infant , is preliminary .
Any child — intersex or not — may decide later in life that she or he was given the wrong gender assignment ; but children with certain intersex conditions have significantly higher rates of gender transition than the general population , with or without treatment .
That is a crucial reason why medically unnecessary surgeries should not be done without the patient ’s consent ; the child with an intersex condition may later want genitals ( either the ones they were born with or surgically constructed anatomy ) different than what the doctors would have chosen .
Surgically constructed genitals are extremely difficult if not impossible to “ undo , ” and children altered at birth or in infancy are largely stuck with what doctors give them .
AFTER a life of spinsterhood , Setareh , an 80 - year - old Iranian , assumed she was fated to see out her remaining days alone and was preparing to move into an old people 's home for company .
When the boy - next - door from her youth suddenly reappeared and proposed , she thought her long - forgotten dreams of marriage were about to be fulfilled .
But Iran 's laws require a father to give permission before a daughter can marry .
Now the lovestruck octogenarian has asked a Tehran court to establish whether her father , who abandoned her when she was two , is dead or alive so her wedding can go ahead .
The legal obstacle came to light when Setareh and her betrothed , Jamshid , tried to tie the knot at a registrar 's office , only to be told she needed written agreement or proof of death of her father .
Aspen is a great town .
Its uniqueness extends beyond its spectacular geography to its amenities , people and community spirit .
It ’s a world - class , year - round Rocky Mountain resort offering great food , music , skiing , shopping – great everything – right in the middle of a real , functioning , small American community .
It ’s no surprise people like it , want to keep it going .
And not just the good , smart people who live in Aspen full - time and those who own second homes there ( including some of the wealthiest people on Earth ) , but the thousands of good , smart people who visit every year to address big issues at the Aspen Institute and numerous other forums .
These include elites of American arts , sciences , politics and economics with amazing amounts of brainpower and money at their disposal .
But geographic realities plus inexorable economic , demographic , and social trends are conspiring against the best of intentions .
The future of Aspen – playground to the smart , rich and famous – may soon become untenable .
The financial crisis dominates thinking now .
Could it be the catalyst that signals the beginning of the end of business as usual : the start of a major , long - term and permanent change ?
The list of interested parties includes a wide cross section of year - round residents , second homeowners , business and property owners , public officials , visitors , employers and employees , builders and construction companies , managers and personnel at SkiCo ( the town 's largest employer ) .
I have both personal and professional interests in trends in Aspen , and have been fortunate to visit many times and spend considerable time there over the past 35 years .
My in - laws have been gracious and generous hosts ( how lucky is that ? ) , and in my role as an analyst of economic and demographic trends , I have been invited to speak , make presentations and attend seminars on many occasions ( I always accept ! ) .
Over the years I have personally seen the transformation from funky ( I think the first time I skied there was in jeans and a sweatshirt ) to glam and chic .
To me it has always posed the classic development problem : how do you both improve and preserve what you 've got , without setting forces in motion that undermine what you were trying to protect ?
Before the housing and economic meltdown Aspen ’s future was considered in State of the Aspen Area 2008 , a report commissioned by the Aspen City Council and Pitkin County Board of Commissioners to provide guidance for future decisions on issues ranging from housing to growth management to transportation .
The goal was to generate a 10 - year community vision for the future , but that future may have to be put on hold .
The report highlighted several trends that seemed to pose serious challenges for Aspen .
Most prominently , it suggested that the Aspen economy was becoming dangerously dependent on real estate and construction , as opposed to the original drivers of skiing , lodging and retail / restaurants .
There were many new jobs , but a decrease in available housing for workers .
Aspen backs up to the Continental divide ( closed all winter ) !
The Roaring Fork Valley is steep and narrow .
Low - and middle - income workers must all live and commute “ down valley . ”
But down - valley communities , where one used to be able to find cheap housing , have themselves become too crowded and expensive .
On top of this the Roaring Fork Valley has moved within sight of being " built out . "
Traffic congestion is expanding up and down the valley ( there is only one road – Route 82 – to get in or out of town ) , reaching intolerable levels during rush hours which start earlier and end later .
A population of primary and second homeowners increasingly " aging in place " ( with large percentages intending to retire in place ) , taking both their labor and residences off the market , exacerbate existing housing / lodging / worker imbalances .
The only reason the town " works " now is massive cross-subsidization .
The fabulously wealthy subsidize the town budget with high property taxes on their mansions ( even though some are in residence only a few weeks a year ) .
They also subsidize the many arts , cultural attractions and charities so ubiquitous to Aspen as well as a range of services for year - round residents , from child care to education , health services , senior services , and police and fire departments .
Revenues from the rich and ultra-rich also pay for a town government that has a budget of $ 100 million plus for a town of 6000 permanent residents .
In other words , Aspen could not afford itself if it had to rely on itself .
Yet it was assumed the system would continue to work indefinitely because of the belief that " there will always be [ a need for ] an Aspen , " a playground for the ultra wealthy who spent freely and gave generously .
The burst of the housing bubble , and now the financial and economic crisis , throw that assumption into doubt .
Even before the financial meltdown , the usual source of funds – more building to generate more fees , and / or raising taxes on visitors and residents ( those both full - time and part - time ) – were reaching limits .
Now many construction projects have come to a virtual halt ; it is no longer certain there will be buyers or a market for the completed structures – developers need to stop bleeding cash immediately .
The value of building permits issued in Aspen this year is down 47 percent through Dec. 10 .
Meanwhile the all - important non-profit sector has fallen into a tailspin .
Contributions to the arts and other charities are primed to plummet .
Endowment funds have lost millions .
Sales tax revenue , which is the main tax source , will soon crash due to decreased tourism .
Visitor reservations are dramatically down this Holiday season ; retail stores are posting " Help Not Wanted " signs .
As a result , Aspen , a city unused to troubles , now has about all it can handle .
Budget cuts threaten to cause havoc .
Cuts in services , both governmental and those subsidized directly by the wealthy patrons , seem inevitable .
Conflicts among elected officials , business , full - and part - time citizens could get ugly .
Of course , there is always the possibility that Aspen will weather the storm : after one or two down seasons at most , the number of visitors and dollars collected , spent and donated will resume their inexorable rise .
After all , the ultra rich , trendy and connected will always need a playground .
The problems listed above are not impervious to solutions ; those bridges will be crossed when encountered by lots of brainpower and money .
In addition , not everyone is alarmed by the economic crisis and housing crash ; some Aspen residents are indeed rooting for it , welcoming a lull in the constant construction , development and traffic , and hoping a slowdown will ameliorate such problems as the housing and worker shortages .
Fiscal constraints will also bring some sanity back to ( what they feel has been ) the town government 's extravagance .
Long , slow decline is certainly possible : less spending , fewer visits , tax receipts , and charitable contributions could unravel the entire structure of cross-subsidization .
Could it mean a reversion to the " old Aspen , " the laid - back , counterculture , easy - going , hippy - dippy , live - off - the - land Aspen ?
Maybe so .
But perhaps Aspen is facing systemic problems that can not be easily solved .
Obviously , there are a great many demands on the area 's land , people , government and businesses .
There has never been a consensus in Aspen that growth and development are desirable , even though the town has been dependent upon them .
Now that certain limits are within sight of being reached , the already politicized town could become even more polarized .
The city government has always been composed and supported by year - round local residents , of course , who have always had a love / hate relationship with growth and development : the tourists and wealthy second homeowners bring the city great wherewithal , but they also bring great demands on the area 's carrying capacity and inevitably change the character of the place .
Of course , these conflicts have always existed , but as the stakes and money involved have grown , they have become more intense .
It 's going to be an interesting next few years .
See you at the Nell .
Dr. Roger Selbert is a business futurist and trend guy .
He publishes Growth Strategies , a newsletter on economic , social and demographic trends , and is a professional public speaker .
Roger is US economic analyst for the Institute for Business Cycle Analysis in Copenhagen , and North American agent for its US Consumer Demand Index .
Tetris is the perfect game to begin your journey on the path to becoming an able bodied game developer .
Why ?
Because Tetris contains the all the elements found in every game , and can be done with just about the least amount of work .
Also , you donít have to be an artist to make a good looking Tetris game .
Anyone who can draw a block , which is everyone with a paint program , can make a commercial quality version of Tetris .
This is another one of the big benefits of starting with Tetris .
Not only can you make a fully functioning game , that is fun and addictive , but it looks basically just as good as any commercial version done of it .
Blocks are blocks no matter who draws them , and tetraminos ( the shapes used in Tetris ) are all just a collection of four blocks .
Tetris has all the individual components that ALL games share in common .
It has a game loop ( the process of repeating over and over until the game is quit ) .
The game loop reads in input , processes the input , updates the elements of the game ( the falling tetraminos ) , and checks for victory / loss conditions .
Every single game you will ever make does all of these things , so learning the process and actually implementing it is extremely important .
After you have completed this the first time , it will give you an insight into how hard it will be and how long it may take on future games .
Without having done this all the way , at least once , you will never fully have a proper grasp of each of the elements .
When you have larger projects , there will be more unknowns that you can't judge for in complexity and time .
If you donít even fully understand the entire process because you have failed to DO it , you will likely be helpless to create schedules or estimate times properly and will most likely not succeed at the endeavor .
A Tetris clone called Amazing Blocks
The BBC's iPlayer made its public debut in July 2007 The BBC has created a version of the iPlayer that works with both Mac and Linux computers .
The two systems , which have been able to stream BBC programmes via the iPlayer for a year , will now be able to handle downloads .
The BBC , working with Adobe , has developed the new version , known as BBC iPlayer Desktop .
The Corporation also ran tests of a system to help ISPs cope with increase in traffic generated by the iPlayer .
Lab edition
The iPlayer is the BBC 's online media player that lets viewers stream programmes for up to seven days after broadcast or download and watch them for up to 30 days .
When the iPlayer first launched the BBC was criticised for producing versions that only worked with Microsoft 's Windows XP and which used Microsoft 's digital rights management ( DRM ) system to enforce viewing restrictions .
The BBC 's head of digital media technology , Anthony Rose , who is responsible for delivering the next generation of BBC iPlayer , said the structures put in place by the BBC Trust on how the iPlayer can operate meant DRM was a necessity .
" The BBC Trust said we could make content available for seven or 30 days after broadcast , " he said .
" The ability to take things away after some time requires DRM . "
The new version of the iPlayer has been written with Adobe 's AIR technology which aims to make it possible to create applications that can be downloaded to your computer , rather than just embedded in browser web pages as is possible with the widely used Flash software .
Those who want to try the new player must first install Adobe AIR and then get the trial version by signing up to be an iPlayer Labs tester via the iPlayer site .
A beta version of the BBC iPlayer Desktop that uses the Adobe AIR technology was made available on 18 December with a finished version likely to be released in February 2009 .
The cross-platform nature of Adobe AIR means the iPlayer will work with Open Source and Apple Mac computers " out of the box " on 18 December , said Mr Rose .
It fulfilled the Trust 's demand that the iPlayer be " platform neutral " , he said .
Mr Rose said the iPlayer now supported three separate DRM technologies : Microsoft , Adobe , and the OMA standards for mobiles .
" We may embrace other DRMs as needed , " said Mr Rose , adding that putting the iPlayer on phones , game consoles and many more computers was helping to drive the success of the application .
Traffic congestion
At the same time , said Mr Rose , the BBC has carried out tests to help ISPs mitigate the bandwidth demands of iPlayer users .
In early 2008 ISPs complained that the popularity of the iPlayer was putting a strain on their networks and forcing up their costs .
Net provider Plusnet published figures which suggested the cost of carrying streaming traffic increased from £ 17,233 to £ 51,700 per month largely because of the iPlayer .
The BBC has worked with British company Velocix to test a system which puts servers in ISPs that store , or cache , the most popular iPlayer programmes .
Mr Rose said smart software in the iPlayer would check these caches to see if the programme a user wants is loaded locally on a caching device near the user .
Streaming from within an ISP 's network cuts the cost of transporting that traffic for both the BBC and the net supplier .
It was up to ISPs now to get hold of the caching boxes and install them , said Mr Rose .
" The BBC is not building its own content delivery network , " he said .
" But we can help move the market in this area . "
Mr Rose said it would establish commercial relationships with ISPs that use the caching technology in the same way it did with other firms that carry or broadcast BBC content .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Master GURPS Bibliography
Most GURPS books include an extensive bibliography of books , movies , and games , perfect for researching additional details or getting your group 's creative juices flowing .
To make it even easier to avail yourself of these works , we 've posted the bibliographies online , with links to every entry that 's available through Warehouse 23 or Amazon .
( Yes , if you buy from one of these links , Amazon pays a percentage to SJ Games ! )
If you spot any broken links or other problems with these pages , please report them to webmaster@sjgames.com .
Enjoy !
Fourth Edition Books
Third Edition Books
Privacy Policy | Contact Us
Stress has become an integral component of our life .
There are various ways to manage stress in a fast and efficient way .
There are techniques that have to do with how we deal with problems – which are the major cause of stress and techniques we can use to relax in order to help our self to manage stress more efficiently .
The bottom line is that stress is not a tangible component but it is a perception we have in our mind about different situations .
Each situation and each event gets the value that we give them , and thus causing us such stress , as we allow them to .
Stress is not always a bad thing .
Instead , it can keep us alert , it can warn us from possible dangers and in essence it helps us to understand what is important or not .
The inability to manage stress can sometimes prove to be dangerous for our health .
We must be careful and take the necessary steps to protect ourselves .
It is us that can make the difference in whether stress will remain useful or become dangerous for our health .
Stress is harmful when we allow it to be .
Tips to help you manage stress fast and efficient
Tip 1 .
Solve the problems that are causes of stress
Problems in our personal and professional life are among the major causes of stress .
Several times we have to offer solutions to various problems or difficult circumstances .
There are simple techniques we can use with little effort to address such situations .
If we address these situations then it is the first step in managing our stress .
1. Defining the problem :
Try to define precisely what bothers you or what is causing you stress .
Try to be specific as to what the problem is and work with only one aspect of the problem at a time .
2. Create a list of possible solutions :
Try to find and record as many solutions for every aspect of the problem you are concerned about .
Try to see how someone else would react in your position .
Do not hesitate to ask the advice of others .
3. Evaluation of the “ pros ” and “ cons ” of any possible solution :
For every possible solution you have found , list the pros and cons , which would result from the possible implementation of this solution .
The aim is to find the solution with most “ pros ” and or less “ cons ” or the at least painless “ cons ” .
4. Design :
With very specific actions , decide how you will implement the chosen solution .
“ What exactly will happen when it will happen , who will be involved , where , exactly what steps to follow ” , are questions to be answered .
5. Action : Apply the solution .
6 . Evaluate the results :
If the solution was successful , well done !
Apply this method to other problems as well .
If the solution did not achieve the expected results , try to check and understand “ what went wrong . ”
Maybe you where over optimistic , maybe you considered the wrong parameters , perhaps a third factor related to the problem was not taken into account .
Whatever your conclusion , remember that you did not failed .
We all have to expect some unlucky moments in our lives .
Learn from your experience and mistakes and try again starting from the 1st step .
Deal with the problems early so that you have the time you need to solve them .
Tip 2 . Learn how to relax efficiently
There are two stress relaxation techniques : proper breathing ( diaphragmatic ) and muscle relaxation .
A ) Diaphragmatic breathing
The correct ( diaphragmatic ) breathing helps us to manage stress in a fast and efficient way .
It is a necessity and we need to practice this very often .
To practice this exercise you can follow the steps below :
You can start this exercise by lay down and at a later stage when you become more experienced you can use a chair to help you or you can even do the exercises standing .
1 . Put one hand on the chest and the other in the stomach .
2. Inhale from your nose and let your stomach to swell .
This way you make full use of your lungs .
Try to keep the movement of the breast to a minimum , without tightening .
3. Gently and calmly , exhale from your nose .
4. Repeat this steps keeping a pace .
The aim is to make 8 - 12 breathing exercises a minute .
At the beginning you may feel that you do not get enough air , but as you practice you will find that this new way of breathing is better and more efficient .
B ) Muscle relaxation
The following technique is very simple but yet it is very effective .
It takes only 5 - 10 minutes to complete .
Try it the next time you feel that you are under stress .
1 . Sit in a comfortable chair , in a couch or even lay down on the floor and make a few stretching exercises .
2 . Let your shoulders and hands to relax in a comfortable position .
By shaking slightly , ‘ twisting ’ and stretching your muscles it helps you relax and it stops intensity .
3 . Let the tension escape from your legs , chest and neck in the same manner as above .
4 . Feel that the chair , sofa or the floor supports the entire weight of your body .
Feel that your hands and your feet are heavy and that you ‘ sink ’ on the seat .
5 . Try to be calm .
Relax your jaw and your face .
6 . If something disturbing happens or if anything annoying passes through your mind , just ignore it .
Do not give attention to any thought .
7 . Close your eyes and imagine a scene in a calm place where you enjoy the sunshine , sea or anything else you want .
Imagine that you are really in that place .
8 . For a few moments keep this relaxed position .
Do not postpone the decision - making , except when you consider that it must be postponed in order to ensure better conditions .
US missile strikes targeting militants cause resentment in Pakistan
At least five people have been killed in a suspected US missile strike on a tribal district in north - west Pakistan , security officials have said .
The attack hit a suspected militant hide - out in North Waziristan , near the Afghanistan border , the officials said .
The strike comes two days after Taleban rebels in the area warned of reprisals if such attacks continued .
There is widespread anger in Pakistan at the increasing use of missile strikes along the Afghan border .
Shahbaz Sharif , Chief Minister of the Punjab region and head of a key political party , said the US was raising tensions between Islamabad and Washington .
" This is creating anger in Pakistan .
This is creating friction between our two countries , " he told the AFP news agency .
' Sovereignty violated '
There were conflicting reports about exactly who was killed in the latest attack , although several reports said at least five people died .
One report suggested four of the five killed were militants , several of them foreigners .
Another said three of the five were children .
Two or three missiles were reported to have been fired from a drone aircraft , destroying a " militant hideout in the village of Alikhel in North Waziristan , " AFP quoted an unnamed senior security official as saying .
Pakistan has said that the missile strikes infringe its sovereignty .
On Thursday the government summoned the US ambassador in Islamabad to protest after an attack deep inside Pakistani territory killed five people a day earlier .
Waziristan on the Afghan border is believed to be a safe haven for the Taleban and al - Qaeda militants .
The US says the insurgents use the territory to launch attacks against coalition forces in Afghanistan .
Islamabad has been pursuing a policy of ad - hoc peace deals with local Taleban commanders .
You want to , we know .
( We 've been there . )
But we ’re here to tell you that if you try to do it all , you ’ll finish nothing .
And the important stuff ?
That ’ll be the first to fall off the boat into the river rapids of busy .
But there is a better way .
To let go of “ doing it all ” and instead start “ doing your best work ” .
You can let go of the myth of work - life balance ( because we all know that does n’t exist ) , and instead , give time and focus to your work or business — while still prioritizing your self , family , and community .
We ’re here to help you build that flourishing life .
We ’ll give you the tools and support to help you ask yourself the hard questions , make the right choices , and come out the other side with a plan and a purpose .
You ’ll break through today ’s exhausted , frazzled , and struggling — to reach tomorrow ’s energized , focused , and standing tall .
As the first gentle snowflakes of winter settled on the windscreen of my car I was reminded , yet again , of the turning of the seasons and our need for power to keep us warm through the coming months .
Last week I commented on how jobs might be created as the pattern of power supply begins to change , particularly with the incentives that might be a part of a new initiative .
Two factors often get understated , however , in the current anticipation of the changes that a new Administration may bring .
The first of these is the time that it will take to get any decision implemented at a scale that can be meaningful , and the second is the scale itself of the problem that now faces us .
It was a recognition of the many years that it will take for any new technology to have an impact on supply that was a critical component of the report written by Robert Hirsch , Robert Bezdek and Robert Wendling .
Although their report largely focused on the coming shortage of liquid fuels , the impact of the EPA Appeals Board on the timing of new power plant construction , taken with the upcoming decline in natural gas production , raises additional concerns that adequate future electrical supplies may also be at risk .
The Hirsch report was written in 2005 , and their conclusion was that the drop in conventional liquid fuels supply could be made up by ( 1 ) Improved Oil Recovery , ( 2 ) increased production from the heavy oil sands such as those in Canada and Venezuela , ( 3 ) coal liquefaction and ( 4 ) fuels from the conversion of natural gas .
Even from those relatively conventional sources they anticipated that it would take 10 to 20 years to build up the needed capacity .
Just recently it has been suggested by one of those authors that the urgency of this situation be disregarded , since raising concerns might cause more damage than good .
Again , that argument ignores the reality of the need for timely action and the future impact of a current failure to address the issue .
As someone who talks about Peak Oil at service clubs and to students , the depth of the public ignorance of the true facts , even in the face of long - term rising fuel prices , is overwhelming , and the consequences of inaction largely unknown .
One cannot realistically anticipate being able to legislate the new technology that will be needed , but that is not yet invented .
If new technology is not now encouraged , then it will not be available when needed .
Let me explain my concerns in a little more detail .
There are , at present , about a hundred coal - fired power station applications in process of permitting , prior to construction .
Selecting just one of them at random , the American Municipal Power Generating Station outside of Columbus , Ohio was conceived in the year 2000 , by the local power company .
It is intended to be a 1,000 megawatt plant ( pdf ) that will provide power to 500,000 customers in the Columbus area .
It has just obtained the air quality permit , and is currently on schedule to start delivering power by the end of 2013 ( pdf ) .
How will the EPA ruling affect this schedule ?
I have no idea – and I suspect that the utility company does n’t either .
And that is the point .
Until they can be sure that the permits and processes are complete , the power company cannot proceed with the current plans , since new interpretation of the legislation , or new legislation itself , may cause costly modifications to the construction .
The power plant construction will therefore likely be delayed , at the very least for the time it takes for the Bonanza ruling to be clarified in regard to impact on other power station permits .
More likely the new ruling will lead to a new requirement for hearings on the air quality permitting , which will delay construction perhaps an additional year , providing that no additional design work is also needed at the plant to overcome new regulations .
Now the Sierra Club has gleefully touted their success , and their perception of the message it sends :
” Instead of pouring good money after bad trying to fix old coal technology , investors should be looking to wind , solar and energy efficiency technologies that are going to power the economy , create jobs , and help the climate recover , ” said Nilles ( Director of the Sierra Club ’s National Coal Campaign ) .
At present Ohio has 7 megawatts of wind generating power .
The United States has a total of just over 21,000 Magawatts in operation and 8,500 Megawatts under construction .
As best as I can determine Ohio is not particularly suited to providing the inhabitants of Columbus with wind energy of the scale needed to replace the power plant .
If one looks to solar power , the installations in Ohio to date seem small , one such cost $ 41,500 for a house although with the aid of grants the owner was only out of pocket $ 21,500 .
This gave him a payback period of 10 – 12 years .
Somehow I do n’t see the 500,000 folk that were going to be supplied by the coal - fired station being that excited or that able to make such an investment .
And so the message from the Sierra Club to the residents of Columbus , Ohio might be interpreted to be “ Freeze in the Dark , and be grateful that we ’re looking out for your interests . ”
And remember that there are another 99 power stations out there , who similarly are now trying to decide what the ruling requires , and putting their plans on hold until such time - potentially over a year – that the new requirements become clear .
Which brings me back to basic problems of trying to get the country to provide enough energy supply for the future .
The declining resource base that we are currently discussing in the ongoing review of the IEA report is a reality .
But while the shortages of oil and natural gas will impact the cost of living and the strength of the economy during the incoming Administration , it is already too late for them to be able to do much to control such supply positively for the duration of the first term .
( It is always possible to do things that have a negative impact ) .
One cannot legislate technology that does not exist , though one can encourage and fertilize the ground it can grow in .
Without those new ideas , and with the supply sources that the Hirsch report relied on not getting that much encouragement at the moment , one can anticipate that the next four years may get steadily worse from the energy supply point of view .
In such a case , then it may well be that the new Administration may not get a second term .
Also , it might be borne in mind , for those who think that future wars may only be induced by climate change , that history shows that there has been more than one war started over oil .
It may be a reflection of the saying , “ Be careful what you wish for , you may receive it , ” but the debate over how to heat , cool and power America has likely now moved into a new arena .
The situation is similar to that of the United Kingdom , with its creation of a Ministry of Energy and Climate Change , which must now decide whether to continue the construction at the Kingsnorth power station .
The United Kingdom has legislation in place that will limit the production of power from the existing plant , and requires that it will close by 2015 ( pdf ) .
It is a continuing target for environmental activists .
The power levels there are half - as - large - again as the plant near Columbus , but the underlying struggle over the energy future seems similar .
One of the primary goals of politicians is to get re-elected , and it will be interesting to see how that factors into these decisions , particularly if the winter (s ) are a little harsher than they have been .
For the past few months I 've been doing a series of short astronomy videos with producer / director Tom Lucas .
Unlike my own videos I do in my house , these are professionally made , and I 've been very happy with the past few .
Yesterday the sixth episode was posted , called " Hubble 's Hotties " .
It 's a Top Ten List of Hubble images , except it 's only really the Top Six .
Sorry , but there 's only so much you can squeeze into five minutes !
It 's also available in high - res ( click the link under the video on the YouTube page ) .
We filmed this at the Denver Museum of Science & Nature , and I 'm grateful for the use of their facility .
And I 'll be back there on the 11th of December to give a talk about asteroid impacts and my book , Death from the Skies !
It 's a great place , and I hope some of you can join me there .
A group of pranksters have handed out more than 1.2 million fake New York Times newspapers , mainly in New York City and Los Angeles , with a front page story declaring " Iraq War Ends " .
The elaborate 14 - page edition , dated July 4 , 2009 , is said to be the work of a group called the Yes Men , whose previous hoaxes include masquerading as World Trade Organisation officials announcing they were disbanding the body .
" It is fake and we are looking into it , " said New York Times spokeswoman Catherine Mathis .
A statement sent from a website set up for the fake edition , www.nytimes-se.com, said creating the newspaper took six months and that it was printed at six different presses and then given to thousands of volunteers to distribute .
" We 've got to make sure Obama and all the other Democrats do what we elected them to do , " Bertha Suttner , identified as one of the newspaper 's writers , said in the statement .
" After eight , or maybe 28 years of hell , we need to start imagining heaven . "
President - elect Barack Obama takes office on January 20 after eight years of the Bush administration and 28 years after the inauguration of Ronald Reagan .
The newspaper includes a front page story saying that " Ex-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice reassured soldiers that the Bush administration had known well before the invasion that Saddam Hussein lacked weapons of mass destruction . "
The Bush administration has said it believed at the time of the March 2003 invasion that Iraq had chemical and biological weapons and was trying to develop a nuclear bomb .
Other headlines declared that the " Maximum Wage Law Succeeds , " " Nationalised Oil to Fund Climate Change Efforts " and " Nation Sets Its Sights On Building Sane Economy . "
There is also a full page fake advertisement on page three from the world 's largest publicly traded oil company Exxon Mobil saying the company applauded the end of the Iraq war and that peace is " an idea the world can profit from " .
In a pamphlet handed out to volunteers when they picked up copies of the newspaper to distribute there was a " Frequently Asked Questions " section .
In response to " who made this ? " it said : " Who knows ?
Rumors are it's a group of writers from several mainstream dailies - including The New York Times . "
The Yes Men , who were the subject of a book and documentary in 2004 , have pulled off pranks including posing as Exxon Mobil and National Petroleum Council representatives to deliver a speech at a Canadian oil conference .
They have also posed as federal housing officials at a New Orleans event with the city 's mayor and the governor of Louisiana and promised to throw open closed public housing to thousands of poor former city residents .
But they are not the first to fake The New York Times .
According to the paper 's " City Room " blog , the best - known spoof was during the 1978 newspaper strike and the prank included journalist Carl Bernstein , author Christopher Cerf , humorist Tony Hendra and Paris Review editor George Plimpton .
- Reuters
NEW YORK � ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Wall Street 's drubbing continued Tuesday , with a 500 - point loss bringing the Dow 's two - day slump to nearly 900 points , as the Federal Reserve 's plan to loosen credit markets failed to temper investor pessimism .
Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke 's dour economic outlook in an afternoon speech added to the day 's weakness .
And a report showed consumer borrowing in August fell for the first time since January 1998 .
The Dow Jones industrial average ( INDU ) lost 508 points or 5.1 % , closing at the lowest point since Sept. 30 , 2003 .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 ( SPX ) index fell 5.7 % and closed below 1,000 for the first time since Aug. 27 , 2003 .
The Nasdaq composite ( COMP ) lost 5.8 % and ended at its lowest point since Aug. 18 , 2003 .
" There is this feeling that no matter what is done , it wo n't be enough , " said Darin Pope , chief investment officer at United Advisors of Secaucus , N.J .
Credit markets remained tight Tuesday , but showed some improvement from the previous day .
Treasury prices inched lower , with the yields modestly higher .
The dollar slumped versus other major currencies .
Oil and gold prices gained .
Stocks plunged nearly 370 points Monday , with the Dow to losing as much as 800 points during the session , as the $ 700 billion bank bailout plan and European government 's attempts to prop up faltering banks failed to soothe investors .
Stocks initially rose Tuesday on the Fed 's credit plan , but turned lower by midmorning .
" Nearly every day there is another announcement where something is going to be done to prop up the markets , " Pope said .
" Stocks might see an initial pop , but then the skepticism kicks in . "
Bernanke 's remarks exacerbated the stock selling .
He said the economic outlook has worsened and the financial crisis will hurt the economy well into next year .
He also implied that more interest - rate cuts are on the way .
( Full story ) .
The minutes from the last Fed policy meeting were released shortly after Bernanke 's speech .
The minutes showed the bankers were equally worried about growth and inflation at the Sept. 16 meeting , in which they opted to hold interest rates steady .
The meeting had occurred one day after Lehman Brothers filed the biggest bankruptcy in history .
( Full story )
After the close , aluminum makers Alcoa ( AA , Fortune 500 ) reported weaker quarterly sales and earnings that missed estimates due to a weakening in aluminum prices and demand .
The Dow component also suspended its dividend .
Alcoa stock fell 6 % in extended - hours trading .
Fed plan :
The Federal Reserve said Tuesday it will buy commercial paper , short - term debt that companies use to finance daily operations , from individual companies .
Panicky investors have been less willing to buy this kind of debt lately , making it hard for companies to get the money they need to operate .
The Fed move is aimed at creating a market for this kind of debt , ultimately loosening up the frozen credit markets .
( Full story )
Businesses depend on the credit markets to function on a daily basis , and the absence of ready capital has hurt consumers and the broader financial system .
" It 's another step in the right direction , but it 's hard to get too excited about this because nothing yet has worked , " said Bill Stone , chief investment strategist at PNC Financial Services Group .
" Eventually , if they [ the government ] stack up enough things , something will work , " he said .
The government has taken a number of dramatic steps of late to try to get the markets functioning properly again amid the housing collapse and subsequent credit crunch .
On Monday , the Fed made an additional $ 300 billion available to banks in return for a range of damaged assets , on top of another $ 300 billion already available .
The Fed could expand that to $ 900 billion total by the end of the year .
And on Friday , President Bush signed into law the $ 700 billion bank bailout , which involves the Treasury buying bad debt directly from banks in order to get them to start lending to each other again .
Stone said that it 's positive that the Fed and the Treasury are taking aggressive and creative approaches to handling the current crisis .
However , people are exhausted after all that 's happened and they are less willing to cheer initiatives that wo n't kick in for some time .
Company news :
After the close Monday , Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) reported a steep drop in profit that was short of estimates and cut its dividend .
The bank also said it will raise $ 10 billion through a stock sale and that the company will need to set aside money for bad loans through the coming year .
Shares fell over 26 % Tuesday .
( Full story )
Also late Monday , Wells Fargo ( WFC , Fortune 500 ) and Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) both agreed to a legal standstill in their battle for Wachovia ( WB , Fortune 500 ) .
( Full story )
AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) was in the spotlight Tuesday , in the second of several House hearings into what led to the current crisis .
The government had to bail out the insurance giant with an $ 85 billion credit line last month to keep it from imploding .
( Full story )
On Monday , the House Oversight Committee questioned Richard Fuld , chief executive of Lehman Brothers , which went bankrupt last month .
A variety of financial stocks fell Tuesday , including American Express ( AXP , Fortune 500 ) , Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) , JPMorgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) , Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) , Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) and Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) .
Morgan Stanley shares had fallen as much as 40 % during the session on rumors that Japanese bank Mitsubishi UFJ was going to back out of its deal to buy a stake in the company .
However , Morgan denied the rumor .
( Full story ) .
But the declines were broad , with all 30 Dow components sliding .
Besides the financials , other big losers included Walt Disney ( DIS , Fortune 500 ) , GM ( GM , Fortune 500 ) , Pfizer ( PFE , Fortune 500 ) , Home Depot ( HD , Fortune 500 ) and Wal - Mart Stores ( WMT , Fortune 500 ) .
A variety of transportation stocks slid , with airlines , truckers and railroads falling .
The Dow Jones Transportation ( DJTA ) average lost nearly 5 % .
Market breadth was negative .
On the New York Stock Exchange , losers beat winners seven to one on volume of 1.73 billion shares .
On the Nasdaq , decliners topped advancers by over four to one as 2.9 billion shares changed hands .
Global markets : Markets overseas were mixed Tuesday , a day after taking a drubbing everywhere .
Australian markets rallied after the government cut short - term interest rates by a full percentage point , surprising investors .
Asian markets ended lower .
European markets were mixed .
Russian markets opened late , but managed gains after having been shut down Monday following a steep selloff .
( Full story )
( Europe : The new Wall Street ? )
Credit markets : Measures of bank nervousness remained at elevated levels Tuesday , but showed some improvement .
The difference between the 3 - month Libor and the Overnight Index Swaps fell to 2.93 % from a record high of 2.97 % earlier in the day .
The Libor - OIS spread measures how much cash is available for lending between banks and is used by banks to determine rates .
The bigger the spread , the less cash is available .
But 3 - month Libor , the rate banks charge each other to borrow for three months , rose to 4.32 % from 4.29 % Monday .
The TED spread , which is the difference between 3 - month Libor and what the Treasury pays for a 3 - month loan , fell to 3.56 % after hitting an all - time high of 3.95 % Monday .
The wider the spread , the more reluctant banks are to lend to each other , rather than from the federal government .
When markets are fairly calm , banks charge each other premiums that are not much higher than the U.S. government's .
The yield on the 3 - month Treasury bill , seen as the safest place to put money in the short term , rose to 0.69 % from 0.44 % late Monday , with investors looking for a slightly better return on their money .
Last month , the 3 - month bill skidded to a 68 - year low around 0 % as panicked investors fled stocks .
Treasury prices dipped , propelling the yields .
The benchmark 10 - year note fell 6/32 , lifting the corresponding yield to 3.47 % from 3.45 % Monday .
Treasury prices and yields move in opposite directions .
Oil and gold : U.S. light crude oil for November delivery settled up $ 2.25 to $ 90.06 a barrel on the New York Mercantile Exchange , after ending the previous session at an eight - month low .
COMEX gold for December delivery rallied $ 15.80 to settle at $ 882 an ounce .
Other markets :
In currency trading , the dollar slipped against the euro after hitting a 14 - month high against the European currency on Monday .
The dollar also slipped against the yen , giving up earlier gains .
( Full story )
The price of gas decreased for the 20th consecutive day , according to a survey of credit card activity .
Worried about your retirement ?
Tell us your story
Almost 600,000 genetic profiles taken from innocent people have helped swell the National DNA Database to cover about seven per cent of the UK population .
Home Office figures also reveal that DNA profiles from 39,095 children who have never been charged , cautioned or formally reprimanded are now on the database indefinitely .
Two years ago there were 24,000 profiles from ten to 17 - year - olds stored .
In 2004 police were granted powers to take DNA from everyone they arrest irrespective of the outcome of the investigation .
According to the data released by junior Home Office minister Meg Hillier , almost half of profiles retained in the last two years are from such cases .
Opposition parties criticised the policy .
Liberal Democrat home affairs spokesman Chris Huhne said : " There can be no excuse for storing the DNA of innocent adults , let alone children , who are entirely blameless . "
The Tories called on the government to allow a parliamentary debate on the issue .
That could prove unnecessary , however .
A legal challenge by two Sheffield men is currently under consideration by the Grand Chamber of the European Court of Human Rights in Strasbourg .
If it finds in their favour the government could be forced to remove all the DNA profiles it retains from innocent people . ®
Advertisements
In an interview that will air on CNN ’s Larry King Live tonight , John McCain admitted that he does n’t believe that Barack Obama is a socialist , but he does think that Obama is far left .
Once again , McCain undercuts his own campaign ’s message .
King asked McCain if he believes that Obama is a socialist .
McCain answered , “ No .
But , I do believe — I do believe that he ’s been in the far left of Americans politics .
He has stated time after time that
he believes in quote , “ spreading the wealth around . ”
He ’s talked about courts that would redistribute the wealth .
He has a record of voting against tax cuts and for tax increases . ”
McCain continued , “ And I do n’t think there ’s any doubt that he would increase spending and he would sooner or later , we would be increasing taxes .
There is no doubt in my mind that that ’s what his record — 94 times he voted to cut taxes — against tax cuts and for tax increases .
He voted for — and that ’s what matters .
Not rhetoric .
To raise taxes on individuals making $ 42,000 a year . ”
Advertisements
The problem with John McCain is that he keeps undercutting his own campaign ’s argument against Obama .
His campaign is arguing that Obama is a socialist , so he ca n’t go on national television and say that he does n’t believe that Obama is a socialist .
It destroys the label that his campaign is trying to create .
McCain has contradicted his own message on a weekly basis .
I think everyone knows by now that Obama ’s tax plan delivers more a tax cut to the middle class than McCain , but since he has to run on something besides the economy , he has chosen taxes .
For all the talk presidential elections are never decided on taxes , even George H.W.
Bush lost his reelection campaign , not because he broke his no new taxes pledge , but because the economy was terrible .
Presidential elections are usually decided by scandal , the economy , or foreign policy .
One of these categories will usually dominate with voters .
Taxes resonate with conservative ideologues , but not many others .
McCain has quite possibly run the most contradictory and inept presidential campaign of the last twenty years , and Republicans have to hope that he does n’t take the whole party down with him .
Transcript of McCain on Larry King
As Indian commandos finish their operations against the gunmen who killed at least 143 people , focus turns to the assailants ' identity .
Indian forces entered the closing stages of their operations against the militants who attacked Mumbai ( Bombay ) Wednesday , but the identity of the militants , which could have ramifications on India - Pakistan relations , remains unclear .
The Associated Press reports that Indian commandos on Friday secured the Oberoi Hotel , one of the sites targeted by gunmen in Mumbai Wednesday in a series of attacks that left at least 143 dead and 288 injured .
The AP also writes that the commandos were continuing operations to retake the Taj Mahal Hotel and a Jewish outreach center on Friday .
While explosions and gunfire continued intermittently at the elegant Taj Mahal hotel Friday afternoon , officials said commandos had killed the two last gunmen inside the nearby Oberoi .
" The hotel is under our control , " J.K. Dutt , director general of India 's elite National Security Guard commando unit , told reporters , adding that 24 bodies had been found .
Dozens of people -- including a man clutching a baby -- had been evacuated from Oberoi earlier Friday .
CNN offers a summary of what is known about the attacks on their website .
Even as the attacks were unfolding , speculation quickly turned to the identity of the attackers .
The Los Angelese Times reports that the Indian government put the blame for the attacks on foreign elements , which it has often used to refer to Pakistan .
Indian Prime Minister Manmohan
Singh went on national television Thursday , asserting that the organizers of the attacks were " based outside the country . "
In what was seen as a thinly veiled indictment of Pakistan , he warned India 's neighbors that " the use of their territory for launching attacks on us will not be tolerated . "
Other government officials were quoted in Indian media alleging that the squads of gunmen had charged ashore from rubber boats that fanned out from an unidentified mother ship .
In response , Pakistan 's defense minister condemned the Mumbai attacks and warned India to refrain from accusing its longtime rival of involvement .
And some security experts warned that India has plenty of home - grown extremists who could be behind the violence .
The Hindu reports that police say that three captured gunmen claimed to be members of the Lashkar - e - Taiba , a Pakistani militant group , although this report has yet to be verified by a second source .
The Washington Post writes that US counterterrorism experts say the attacks appear to be well coordinated , indicating that the attackers received foreign terrorist training and support .
" This is a new , horrific milestone in the global jihad , " said Bruce Riedel , a former South Asia analyst for the CIA and National Security Council and author of the book " The Search for Al Qaeda . "
" No indigenous Indian group has this level of capability .
The goal is to damage the symbol of India 's economic renaissance , undermine investor confidence and provoke an India - Pakistani crisis . " ...
Television footage showed the assailants carrying automatic rifles and backpacks filled with ammunition and grenades .
Analysts said the fact that the gunmen quickly fanned across the city and were able to hold off Indian security forces over three days suggested that they had received training at organized camps .
" What is striking about this is a fair amount of planning had to go into this type of attack , " said Roger W. Cressey , a former White House counterterrorism official in the Clinton and Bush administrations .
" This is not a seat - of - the - pants operation .
This group had to receive some training or support from professionals in the terrorism business . "
But The New York Times writes that the gunmen could easily be members of India 's Muslim minority , 13.4 percent of India 's population of 1.13 billion , given the longstanding Muslim - Hindu tensions in the country .
" There are a lot of very , very angry Muslims in India , " [ Christine Fair , senior political scientist and a South Asia expert at the RAND Corporation , ] said .
" The economic disparities are startling and India has been very slow to publicly embrace its rising Muslim problem .
You can not put lipstick on this pig .
This is a major domestic political challenge for India .
" The public political face of India says , ' Our Muslims have not been radicalized , ' she said .
" But the Indian intelligence apparatus knows that 's not true .
India 's Muslim communities are being sucked into the global landscape of Islamist jihad . "
" Indians will have a strong incentive to link this to Al Qaeda , " she said .
" But this is a domestic issue .
This is not India 's 9/11 . "
Similarly ,
The Guardian reports that the gunmen were more likely to be homegrown Indian terrorists , rather than foreigners .
A group calling itself the Deccan Mujahideen claimed the operation .
The name indicates a local group - the Deccan is the central Indian plateau - and a probable link to the Indian Mujahideen who started a bloody bombing campaign a year ago .
It is this group , too , that threatened the people of Mumbai with " deadly attacks " two months ago and has credibly claimed responsibility for the series of attacks in recent months .
...
Most analysts believe the Deccan Mujahideen is a loose and fragmented movement of Indian Muslims , often young and well - educated .
A similar phenomenon has been seen from Indonesia to Morocco .
Groundviews , a citizen journalism blog in Sri Lanka , sees parallels between the Mumbai attacks and the ongoing conflict in Sri Lanka , and warns India to not " go down the path we have taken . "
To see what is happening in India today is to look in the rear view mirror of what we did wrong in Sri Lanka .
When we suffered terrorist attacks , we blamed it on foreign interference , namely India .
India does the same today : the Prime Minister in a televised message blamed a " group based outside the country " .
Both countries have failed to realize that the root of the problem is not outside our shores ; the problem lies within .
Messages from the Indian public are scrolled continuously on NDTV , most of them blaming the government for inadequate security and calling for a severe crackdown on terrorism ( as if they were n't already trying all this time ) .
Not one message asked the question : " what drove these Indians to do this to other Indians ? " ...
So here 's a word of advice from a Sri Lankan to our big neighbour .
Do n't go down the path we have taken .
Do n't be tempted to sacrifice the freedom of another for your own safety .
Be smarter than us .
Look within and find the disease that is causing this fever called terrorism .
For now , your terrorists seem to be ad hoc groups of lethal young men .
With every attack in your country a new terrorist group with a new label takes credit .
That 's how it starts .
The day will come when a determined and motivated leader manages to coalesce the many fingers of extremism into a hard - hitting fist , with an ideology as compelling as it is evil .
When that happens , you will pay a price in blood and sorrow for generations to come .
We know this because we have seen it all before .
In one sense , George Bush has been a godsend for Europe 's politicians .
By allowing his chums in the oil industry to dictate his environment policy , he has helped decision - makers this side of the Atlantic claim they are world leaders in fighting climate change .
Stavros Dimas , the EU 's environment commissioner , has exploited this opportunity to the full .
Throughout 2008 , he has repeatedly described a package of measures he unveiled in January as the most far - reaching legislation against global warming introduced anywhere .
Superficially , the boast may be accurate .
Examine it a bit more closely , though , and it looks about as impressive as a schoolboy displaying his enormous collection of bubblegum cards in a windswept playground .
Being a leader by default rather than by conviction carries the risk of belly - flopping from the moral high ground .
That is a risk to which EU figures are exposing themselves during the latest round of international climate change talks in Poznan , Poland .
While the sensible thing would have been to ensure that a robust position had been approved by all EU governments ahead of these talks , the union is going into them in something of a muddle .
No agreement has yet been clinched on the final shape of the package which Dimas is trumpeting but it is almost certain that it will be diluted drastically .
True to form , Silvio Berlusconi has been the most vociferous in advocating that the climate should be sacrificed to a myopic vision of economic expediency .
Yet many of his fellow presidents and prime ministers are also eager to paint the EU 's environmental agenda the palest shade of green they can find .
Nominally , the package put forward in January is based on the principle of " effort - sharing " between governments .
The newest version of the proposals makes a mockery of that whole idea by allowing most of the reduction of greenhouse gases to which the EU has committed itself to be undertaken outside its borders by financing " clean development " schemes .
So while the EU has pledged to slash its emissions by a minimum of 20 % by 2020 , as little as 3.5 % of the reduction effort may take place at home .
This is a clever – and cowardly – ploy to avoid decisive action .
The concept of offsetting that it invokes may have helped salve the conscience of frequent flyers in recent years but it is a flimsy basis on which to craft a policy for 27 countries .
Clean development is no longer an innovative idea .
It has already been part of the Kyoto protocol since 1997 and in the words of India 's science minister Kapil Sibal its application has been a total farce .
The transfer of environmentally - benign technology to poor countries that it was supposed to usher in has occurred at a fraction of the required level .
Ecologically dubious projects – such as the construction of vast dams – are also being funded in the name of clean development .
Another key component of the EU 's package involves the revamping of its emissions trading system .
Earlier this year Dimas recommended that the allocation of free allowances for pollution licences – the standard practice since the system 's launch in 2005 – would be " phased out progressively " from 2013 onwards .
France , the holder of the EU 's presidency , is now smoothing the way for a capitulation to scaremongering by makers of chemicals , paper , glass , steel and cement .
All of these industries have been warning that if they have to pay for licences they will be forced to quit Europe for countries with lower environmental standards .
For the most part , their predictions of doom have not been backed up by evidence .
A study by the research network , Climate Strategies , indicates that the risks of relocation are exaggerated , stating plainly that steel companies are unlikely to pack up and leave an area in which they have large capital investments , and that factors other than environmental laws are more likely to determine where a firm operates .
Nonetheless , the French are recommending that all allowances to sectors at a " high risk " of leaving the union should continue to be awarded free until 2020 at the earliest .
In September , Dimas cited reports of major ice loss in the Arctic as a reason why it is vital to move towards a low - carbon economy .
More recently the environmental group WWF has published a study stating that the one degree Celsius of global warming that the planet has experienced until now may have been sufficient to completely clear the Arctic of ice .
Climate change could be rapid and abrupt , rather than the gradual process that has so far been forecast , the report added .
Perhaps the most hackneyed expression in today 's ecological discourse is that doing nothing is no longer an option .
Doubtlessly , some of the EU 's representatives will utter this phrase in Poznan .
The tragedy is that they not willing to do very much themselves .
Sometimes , a news item comes out that makes me slap my forehead and say , why did n't I think of that !
In this case , it 's about evolution ... kinda .
Scientists at the Carnegie Institution of Washington 's Geophysical Laboratory have studied the different processes that change the types of minerals present on Earth over time .
What they found is that , overwhelmingly , the biggest process that has changed the mineral abundances over time is ... life !
Yeah , us .
But it makes such obvious sense .
Life takes in various substances , processes them , and then , um , excretes out a different substance .
And it 's not just us lumbering apes eating , drinking , and pooping .
Plants do it , birds do it , bees do it .
Bacteria really dominate the planet , and are responsible for all sorts of chemical changes to the minerals on Earth .
Life is n't the only thing going on , of course .
In the beginning ( if I may use that phrase ) , the Universe was pretty simple .
A few minutes after the Big Bang the entire chemical composition of normal matter consisted of hydrogen , helium , and a taste of lithium .
It was n't for a few hundred million more years that stars formed , and started crunching these elements in their cores , converting them through nuclear fusion into carbon , nitrogen , oxygen , and more .
When these stars went supernova a short time later , the explosive forces crafted the elements into even heavier ones , like iron , calcium , nickel , and so on .
Eventually , simple minerals formed .
These coalesced in gas clouds into more stars , orbited by planets .
That 's when other forces got to work : chemical changes , weathering , various pressures and temperatures transmogrifying one mineral into another .
But when life formed , that 's when things got serious .
It changed our entire planetary atmosphere , creating free oxygen , a highly active chemical .
It changed the oceans , the land .
Everything .
This new study confirms this idea ( you can see scientist Robert Hazen talking about all this here ) .
They found that the mineral composition of Earth has changed along with life ; as life changed , so did the chemical content of our planet .
And , of course , as the mineral content of the Earth changed , so did life .
And almost no place has been untouched ; incredibly , they found that two - thirds of the 4000 known minerals on Earth can be linked to biological activity .
Like I said , this seems so obvious , but this study makes it very clear and quantifies it .
It makes a strong connection between two different fields of science , which is always cool .
It means we have a new way of looking at things , a new way of thinking about things , a new way to study things .
And it shows one of the overwhelming strengths of science : it shows that science is not a pile of facts .
It 's a growing , almost living series of ideas , and that it 's self - consistent .
One field of science is connected to every other field , and they all hang together .
In a very real sense , science is a tapestry , a woven and interconnected series of ideas ... just like the Universe itself is .
And that 's no surprise to me at all .
Science is the Universe ; it 's our way of investigating it , observing it , and understanding it .
Science is a way to get ever closer to truth .
And it works .
One of the coolest things ever invented was the OS on the stick .
Whoever was smart enough to think of putting an operating system on a portable USB key was simply brilliant !
I mean , seriously !
How convenient is that ?
I use to walk around with a portable Backtrack USB stick .
That is handy for pentesting , and other general hackaliciousness , but in all honesty Ubuntu is my Linux distro of choice .
So what about those of you who prefer Suse , Red Hat , Fedora , Gentoo etc ?
Sure there are countless tutorials online about how to manually go through and install to your USB stick , but would n't it be better if you could just point and click a couple of times and be done with it ?
That is where UNetbootin comes in .
It makes creating your own Live USB thumb drive radically simple .
The big selling point of this wonder - app is that it allows you to install your Linux Distro without the need for a CD .
You just point the program to your ISO , and follow the prompts .
Easy as pie !
The creators say that UNetbootin is really no different from a standard install except it allows the installation of your Linux / Unix distro to either USB or disk partition without a CD ... Oh , and it has a really intuitive interface .
There are some system requirements though .
Here they are from the website :
Microsoft Windows 2000 / XP / Vista , or Linux , or a USB Drive .
If you are having trouble with the Linux version , try the Windows version , it usually works better .
A broadband internet connection to download the distribution packages ( unless installing from pre-downloaded media , see below )
Spare hard drive space to install the OS in ( varies depending on distribution )
Parted Magic , a partition manager that can resize , repair , backup , and restore partitions .
Super Grub Disk , a boot utility that can restore and repair overwritten and misconfigured GRUB installs or directly boot various operating systems
Backtrack , a utility used for network analysis and penetration testing .
Ophcrack , a utility which can recover Windows passwords .
NTPasswd , a utility which can reset Windows passwords and edit the registry .
Gujin , a graphical bootloader that can also be used to boot various operating systems and media .
Smart Boot Manager ( SBM ) , which can boot off CD - ROM and floppy drives on computers with a faulty BIOS .
FreeDOS , which can run BIOS flash and other legacy DOS utilities .
UNetBootin comes as an install for Windows and Linux for now ( Sorry Mac ) .
UNetBootin can also be used with the following systems utilities :
Do you smell that ?
That is the smell of kick - ass Linux deliciousness on your USB stick .
What distro are you going to put on your stick ?
Do you already walk around with a Live USB key ?
Tell us about it in the comments !
Guess what ?
Automated news does n't quite work .
by Gabe Rivera Permalink Wednesday , December 3 , 2008 3:38 PM ETby
Any competent developer who tries to automate the selection of news headlines will inevitably discover that this approach always comes up a bit short .
Automation does indeed bring a lot to the table -- humans can't possibly discover and organize news as fast as computers can .
But too often the lack of real intelligence leads to really unintelligent results .
Only an algorithm would feature news about Anna Nicole Smith 's hospitalization after she 's already been declared dead , as our automated celeb news site WeSmirch did last year :
Instantly obsolete news is n't the only hazard .
A fundamental component to any news organization program is the determination of whether two stories are related .
Deciding is often rather easy : if two stories hyperlink each other or both use the words Apple , Psystar , and DMCA repeatedly , they 're probably related .
Unfortunately , the clues are sometimes far too subtle for the most advanced algorithms to notice .
This leads to bad " related " grouping , and even the failure to surface breaking news in the first place .
Even giant , technically - accomplished corporations have had trouble breaking news using algorithms .
It 's time for a more " edited " Techmeme
In 2005 it was clear to me that an ideal news aggregation site would need to combine automation with direct , hands on editing .
In a rare departure from my usual reticence , I even stated in comments to a blog post " I 'm planning extensions to my system to enable a hybrid man+memeorandum . "
This " planning " turned out to be rather long term , since we made no major headway on this idea until 2008 .
Early on , when our system was less technically refined , the clearest path toward improvement involved simply iterating algorithmic development .
Later , as the automation reached a certain degree of maturity , we recognized that direct editing could now improve news results by leaps and bounds .
Though our roadmap contains a number of novel future algorithmic enhancements , introducing editing now appears to be a no - brainer .
So what exactly will change ?
Humans have always edited Techmeme of course , just implicitly .
For instance , when a blogger links to a story , the headline might move higher on Techmeme .
What 's different now is that an additional human editor will carry out changes explicitly to directly improve the mix of headlines on Techmeme .
Though the implicit edits conveyed via algorithm outnumber the explicit edits perhaps by 1000 to 1 or more , the impact of the human editor is nonetheless pronounced .
What will that effect be ?
The news will just get faster and more interesting .
Obsolete stories will be eliminated sooner while breaking stories will be expedited .
Related grouping will improve .
Most of this will happen only on Techmeme , though other sites ( like memeorandum and WeSmirch ) will increasingly benefit from the direct human touch as well .
Meet Techmeme 's new scapegoat
Last month we hired Megan McCarthy to help with a variety of editorial tasks .
Chief among them was taking up this new editing role .
We have n't settled on a job title yet , but perhaps " news maestro " is a fitting moniker , given her new role in conducting the symphony of voices that flow through Techmeme each day .
Her name may sound familiar to you : Megan has worked at institutions ranging from Wired.com to The Rose and Crown .
She mentioned some other place too which I can't recall at the moment .
Appropriately , Megan is quite familiar with the workings of tech news on the web .
Writers and publicists unhappy with the headlines on Techmeme are encouraged to transfer the bulk of their resentment to Megan .
I 'm pleased to report she 's looking forward to this .
Though Omer Horvitz and I will share some of these editorial tasks , Megan will focus on this much more than us .
Does n't this make Techmeme even more unfair and biased ?
If that question makes any sense to you , you 're probably a frustrated blogger .
Otherwise , feel free to skip to the next section !
I 'd like to note here that Techmeme is n't fair because life is n't fair , and Techmeme will always be biased because humans have built Techmeme .
And because news judgement , by definition , is bias .
For background , please see this post from last year in which I state " Techmeme is biased " .
Ultimately , Techmeme will succeed based on whether it interests a significant readership .
While fairness and balance probably affect this interest , I need to stress that bloggers will never agree on what 's fair .
Why not ?
To generalize and perhaps exaggerate somewhat , many bloggers feel that in the fairest scenario , Techmeme prominently features all of their posts .
So it 's hard to be fair .
Image by tartx
There 's something happening here
I should note that the experience of introducing direct editing has been a revelation even for us , despite the fact that we planned it .
Interacting directly with an automated news engine makes it clear that the human + algorithm combo can curate news far more effectively that the individual human or algorithmic parts .
It really feels like the age of the news cyborg has arrived .
Our goal is to apply this new capability to producing the clearest and most useful tech news overview available .
New contact info
We always want to know how we can do a better job , and are now better staffed for listening .
Please send complaints or news suggestions to this new email address : editorial at site domain
Though we 'll realistically reply to almost nothing sent there , we 'll read it all , and appreciate your thoughts !
Disqus
The more alcohol an individual drinks , the smaller his or her total brain volume , according to a report in the October issue of Archives of Neurology .
Brain volume decreases with age at an estimated rate of 1.9 percent per decade , accompanied by an increase in white matter lesions , according to background information in the article .
Lower brain volumes and larger white matter lesions also occur with the progression of dementia and problems with thinking , learning and memory .
Moderate alcohol consumption has been associated with a lower risk of cardiovascular disease ; because the brain receives blood from this system , researchers have hypothesized that small amounts of alcohol may also attenuate age - related declines in brain volume .
Carol Ann Paul , M.S. , of Wellesley College , Mass. , and colleagues studied 1,839 adults ( average age 60 ) who were part of the Framingham Offspring Study , which began in 1971 and includes children of the original Framingham Heart Study participants and their spouses .
Between 1999 and 2001 , participants underwent magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) and a health examination .
They reported the number of alcoholic drinks they consumed per week , along with their age , sex , education , height , body mass index and Framingham Stroke Risk Profile ( which calculates stroke risk based on age , sex , blood pressure and other factors ) .
" Most participants reported low alcohol consumption , and men were more likely than women to be moderate or heavy drinkers , " the authors write .
" There was a significant negative linear relationship between alcohol consumption and total cerebral brain volume . "
Although men were more likely to drink alcohol , the association between drinking and brain volume was stronger in women , they note .
This could be due to biological factors , including women 's smaller size and greater susceptibility to alcohol 's effects .
" The public health effect of this study gives a clear message about the possible dangers of drinking alcohol , " the authors write .
" Prospective longitudinal studies are needed to confirm these results as well as to determine whether there are any functional consequences associated with increasing alcohol consumption .
This study suggests that , unlike the associations with cardiovascular disease , alcohol consumption does not have any protective effect on brain volume . "
Source : JAMA and Archives Journals
JSR - 315 has produced a Public Review ( PR ) of the Servlet 3.0 specification , accompanied by a reference implementation in the Glass Fish trunk .
This release has resulted in a debate around the choices that the Expert Group ( EG ) has taken for the next generation Servlet APIs and the whole of the Java EE 6 platform .
The Servlet API has always been a bit rough around the edges and since the Early Draft , the JSR 315 EG has been working on refining and improving the specification in areas like Ease of Development ( EoD ) , pluggability and asynchronous support , as Rajiv Mordani , who is one of the Spec Leads , describes :
Ease of Development ( Eod ) :
In the early draft we added the annotations that allowed you to essentially write a Servlet as a POJO .
However after some discussions in the expert group and feedback from some folks in the community , we decided to actually remove the method level annotations like @GET , @POST etc and keep the doGet , doPost method contracts and require extending an HttpServlet .
However the top level annotations which are renamed for better usage in applications still exist .
The @WebServlet annotation is used to declare a servlet , @ServletFilter to declare a filter and @WebServletContextListener to define ServletContextListeners .
In addition to these annotations , other annotations like @ Resource , which have been supported in web applications since Servlet 2.5 will continue to work as before .
: In the early draft we added the annotations that allowed you to essentially write a Servlet as a POJO .
However after some discussions in the expert group and feedback from some folks in the community , we decided to actually remove the method level annotations like @GET , @POST etc and keep the doGet , doPost method contracts and require extending an HttpServlet .
However the top level annotations which are renamed for better usage in applications still exist .
The @WebServlet annotation is used to declare a servlet , @ServletFilter to declare a filter and @WebServletContextListener to define ServletContextListeners .
In addition to these annotations , other annotations like @ Resource , which have been supported in web applications since Servlet 2.5 will continue to work as before .
Pluggability : Web frameworks built on top of servlets are very popular for developers and there are a lot of them that address various different problems .
In order to better support frameworks for developers writing webapps we are adding ways in the servlet 3.0 specification to make it easier to use and configure frameworks of their choice .
Web frameworks built on top of servlets are very popular for developers and there are a lot of them that address various different problems .
In order to better support frameworks for developers writing webapps we are adding ways in the servlet 3.0 specification to make it easier to use and configure frameworks of their choice .
Asynchronous processing :
This is the biggest change that we have made in the servlet 3.0 specification .
In the early draft we had suspend and resume and certain semantics that were defined .
However after the early draft the expert group had a lot of discussions on solving various use cases for asynchronous processing and the changes that are made to the specification in this area now also address the various use cases .
Roy Van Rijn had expressed his concerns about some features that were presented in this Early Draft :
My preference would still be not using annotations at all for GET / POST methods , but I 've read the Java EE 6 specification is promoting the use of annotations like this and the JSR - 315 writers have ' no choice ' ( bad excuse ) .
The comments I made in this article have been send to the JSR - group , but I have n't got a response yet .
Also I 've been unable to reach members for a reaction and / or explanation and / or clarification .
Recently the Java EE 6 specification went on public review , and it contains references to this Servlet 3.0 specification , so it will become part of Java EE 6 .
This must mean they are working actively , maybe even franticly , to finish it on time .
But I plead them to take the time to reconsider their choices about the annotations .
With the release of the Public Review ( PR ) , Greg Wilkins from Webtide , has been arguing that the spec is “ poor document and the product of a discordant expert group ( EG ) working within a flawed process ” .
His main arguments against the PR are :
It represents a thought experiment in API design unhindered by the complexities of implementation , trial usage or community feedback .
Requests for test implementations have been denied .
There is no open or considered mechanism to collect requirements from the community and precious little community consultation .
Some unsubstantiated requirements ( eg. wrapped asynchronous requests ) have been included at a late stage without any use - cases or user demand .
It has been badly written , as most other JCP documents .
Some of the new features raise security concerns and may cause slower deployment .
The proposal for asynchronous servlets has diverted from the course it had in the Early Draft .
The original approach was the result of Jetty Continuations and had been available as a trial implementation in the pre-releases of Jetty - 7 since March 2008 which has been tested by many frameworks and applications , including Cometd , DWR , JSF and BlazeDS .
Greg concludes that :
I believe significant errors are being made in the current PR and that the flaws in the process have been enough to prevent the application of due diligence sufficiently for these flaws to become self evident .
While I have received support in the EG with the debate on these issues , I have been unable to convince the spec lead of their validity and I have probably not helped the cause by some over - vigorous participation in the debate .
Rajiv ’s answer to Greg points out that :
An implementation is available in Glass Fish .
He never saw a request of feedback from Greg .
The new features can be switched off if they are not desirable .
There is no solid argument about making deployments slower
The way the proposal for asynchronous servlets has been growing is perceived better by the community and he quotes emails to the EG .
Rajiv also refers to a blog post that Bill Burke from RedHat had made , where he criticized the implementation of async servlets in Jetty 6 continuations .
Afterwards , Greg Wilkins announced that he has been working on an implementation of the Servlet 3.0 asynchronous servlets with some of the fixes / extensions he had suggested in his blog and from some continuing discussion within the EG .
These are :
A new ASYNC DispatcherType for redispatched asynchronous requests
The isAsyncStarted ( ) method is false when a request is redispatched .
An IllegalStateException is thrown is startAsync ( ) or startAsync( request.response ) are called if getReader ( ) or getOutputStream ( ) have been called .
This restricts asynchronous handler to the simpler cases .
If asynchronous mode was started with startAsync( request , response ) , then it is an IllegalStateException to use any of the forward ( ... ) methods on AsyncContext .
This avoids the complication of redispatching wrappers , but allows wrappers to be used by asynchronous handlers .
The forward ( path ) and forward ( context , path ) methods have not been implemented .
The code is available at a branch of Jetty and branch of the servlet - api .
Greg wraps up on the async servlet issue :
While more testing is needed , this implementation demonstrates that significant asynchronous behaviour can be implemented without the complexities of redispatching wrapped requests or the forward ( path ) methods .
I believe it represents a reasonable compromise for 3.0 .
If additional features are required , surely they can be added in 3.1 after we have gained experience with a simpler subset from 3.0 ?
You can find more information on the Servlets , GlassFish , Jetty , Comet and Java EE right here on InfoQ .
NEW YORK ( Fortune ) --
It 's highly possible , if not inevitable , that Americans will soon live under a radically different tax system - one that the pundits and politicians are n't talking about .
It 's called a value - added tax , or VAT , and it 's been used for decades to pay the bills and sustain the immense growth of governments around the world , from France to Mexico to Australia .
Created in 1954 by a French economist , the VAT is the most potent , efficient machine for revenue generation yet invented .
And if there 's one thing the U.S. government needs as the federal budget balloons , it 's a ton of new revenue .
" The bottom line is that the income tax cannot support the level of spending that 's projected , something other countries faced years ago , " said Roberton Williams of the Tax Policy Center , a non-partisan research institute .
Today the VAT raises almost half of the total government revenue in France , and a similar share in most of the developed world .
The VAT is essentially a sales tax , except that it 's charged at each stage in the development of a product instead of at the moment when the product is sold .
Take , for instance , a car with a sticker price of $ 30,000 and a value - added rate of 10 % .
Ford might buy its steel and other materials for $ 8,000 plus $ 800 in a VAT tax .
A dealer then pays $ 25,000 plus a $ 2,500 tax for the finished vehicle .
Ford takes an $ 800 credit for the tax it already paid and sends $ 1,700 to the government .
A buyer then pays $ 30,000 for the SUV and $ 3,000 in taxes .
The dealer collects the $ 3,000 , takes a credit for the $ 2,500 worth of taxes already paid , and sends $ 500 to tax authorities .
Ultimately , the government pockets $ 3,000 , or 10 % of the retail price of the car , in taxes .
The genius of the VAT is that , while the consumer pays it , the actual cash is mostly collected from producers before it reaches the retailer .
Since the VAT is essentially a hidden charge embedded in the price of goods and services , raising the VAT does n't arouse nearly the uproar caused by increasing income taxes .
The ease with which a VAT can be increased points to one of its big drawbacks : Governments see it as an easy way to pay for increased spending , which is a potential drag on economic growth .
Even so , the VAT would be better than the other likely alternative : A higher retail sales tax .
If the national sales tax were raised to , say , 20 % , consumers would cheat by paying cash to avoid it , and retailers would submit because they 'd sell more goods by cutting the price 20 % .
With the VAT , every step of the manufacturing ( and tax collection ) process is documented .
Make no mistake : A VAT may be unavoidable in the United States .
The reason is that spending is rising far faster than the revenue that can conceivably be generated by the current tax regime .
Keeping the budget afloat
Let 's examine the numbers .
Under our current tax system , receipts are projected to remain pretty flat , at about 18 % to 20 % of GDP , far into the future .
But spending is slated to rise to 24 % of GDP in 2030 and 28 % in 2050 , excluding interest on the federal debt .
If taxes are n't increased enormously , future deficits , and the enormous borrowing they require , will swamp the budget with ruinous interest costs .
Today , the income tax raises around $ 1.1 trillion , or around 9 % of GDP , with payroll and corporate taxes contributing the balance .
The deficit now stands at around $ 580 billion , including the Social Security surplus that 's helping to pay the bills .
But that surplus is also rapidly disappearing .
So to balance the budget , America would need to raise income taxes by 53 % , assuming the other taxes remained at current rates .
The gap gets far larger in the future , chiefly due to rapidly rising costs of Medicare and Medicaid .
To pay for those costs , we 'd need to raise taxes by an extra 2 % of GDP .
That would require an additional $ 270 billion in income taxes .
All told , that 's a total tax increase of $ 870 billion , or almost 80 % .
That 's not including the estimated $ 240 billion cost of President - elect Barack Obama 's healthcare plan through 2018 .
The rub is that the fiscal pillar America has relied on since 1913 - the federal income tax - can't possibly support the looming new era of spending .
All economists agree that when top income tax rates get too high , Americans will work , save and invest less .
Tax collections would increase far more slowly than rates , and eventually level off completely .
The VAT may be the only answer .
" We 're moving towards European levels of spending , " said Andrew Biggs , an economist at the American Enterprise Institute " If you go there , you need a more efficient way to raise revenue . "
But the VAT , on top of encouraging bigger government budgets , has another problem : Middle class taxpayers would be hit harder by a VAT because they spend more of their income on goods like clothing and cars than high - earners .
That 's especially distressing to Obama and Democrats , who have pledged to make the tax system far more progressive by raising rates for the wealthiest Americans .
One partial solution would be to exempt staples such as food , gasoline or fuel oil from the VAT and impose extra- high charges on yachts and jewelry .
To help middle - class taxpayers , the federal government could also send subsidies to tens of millions of taxpayers based on their incomes .
The French , for example , mail checks to families depending on how many children they have .
But given the nature of politics , said Biggs , " the problem is that those rebates might be tied to some social agenda , not to making the system fair . "
European governments have typically seen VAT hikes as an easy way to raise revenues during a recession .
In some countries , government spending is more than 50 % of national income .
The results have been fiscal stability , but lackluster growth and a dearth of dynamism and entrepreneurship .
Given the budget numbers , the United States has already chosen a path of far bigger government .
The trap has been set .
It 's unlikely America can escape without a VAT .
US Congress , Big Three , UAW conspire against auto workers
3 December 2008
In the runup to this week 's appearance by auto industry executives and the president of the United Auto Workers union before the US Congress , the real issues in the official debate over a bridge loan for the auto makers have become clear .
Following the Democratic congressional leadership 's initial rejection of the bailout on November 20 , intensive talks were held between Congress , the auto companies , the UAW and officials from the Obama transition team over the best way to use the crisis to extract massive concessions from auto workers .
It is no accident that the UAW has scheduled an emergency meeting of local union presidents and bargaining officials for Wednesday in Detroit to discuss reopening labor agreements covering 150,000 workers at General Motors , Ford and Chrysler .
The UAW intends to have an agreement in hand to impose further concessions on their members when auto executives return to testify before Congress on Thursday .
Acknowledging that the union had been in talks with the auto companies , UAW President Ron Gettelfinger told a local radio station " we recognize that there may be additional sacrifices required . "
The UAW is reportedly offering to eliminate what remains of the Jobs Bank program , which subsidizes the income of laid off workers during the life of the four - year agreement .
The program has already been largely gutted and its elimination is chiefly symbolic and a down payment for far more sweeping concessions .
The union is also considering allowing the deferral or reduction in the $ 45 billion the companies owe for retiree health care benefits .
Last summer , the UAW allowed GM to delay a $ 1.7 billion payment into newly established union - controlled trust fund and any further reductions could threaten the entire scheme and medical care for more than a million retirees and their dependents .
On Tuesday , the auto makers submitted plans to Congress outlining how they intended to return to profitability .
After their commitments for " equal sacrifice " through largely worthless promises to limit executive pay , the companies spelled out plans to accelerate downsizing and the reduction of labor costs to the level of non-union factories operated in the US by their Asian and European competitors .
According to the Detroit News , General Motors will ask Congress for as much as $ 18 billion in emergency financial aid , pledging in return to ax 30,000 jobs , shut down nine plants and reopen the UAW contract .
In a public statement , the company promised a " reduction in brands , nameplates and retail outlets , " full " labor cost competitiveness with foreign manufacturers in the U.S. " and " further manufacturing and structural cost reductions through increased productivity and employment reductions . "
While the company said it remained " committed to fulfilling its obligations to its employees and retirees related to pension and healthcare , " it ominously warned that , " the specifics of these obligations change over time due to competitive realities . "
In its plan Ford wrote , " We are acutely aware that our supply base , our labor structure , and our dealer network , among other factors , are sized for an industry and a market share that the domestic companies can no longer support . "
The company , which has closed 17 plants since 2003 and wiped out 45,000 hourly and 12,000 salaried workers in North America over the last three years , promised to shrink its operations further , sell off divisions like Volvo and push through other cost - cutting measures .
The companies praised the UAW for signing a " transformational agreement " in 2007 , which reduced the wages for new hires and so - called non-core workers by half and excluded them from the traditional retiree health care and defined benefit pension plans .
In addition , setting up the union - controlled trust fund had reduced their liabilities for retiree health care by 50 percent .
The concessions have largely been discounted as inadequate by the financial and political establishment .
Over the past few weeks , there has been a non -stop media campaign demanding that auto workers be stripped of the gains they have won over generations of struggle either by using the bankruptcy courts to tear up the existing agreements or through a government bailout , which would make any loan contingent on sweeping concessions .
Typical was a column in the Wall Street Journal Tuesday by William McGurn , a former speechwriter for President Bush , who called on GM CEO Richard Wagoner to exploit the potential collapse of the company to slash the " overly generous health - care " benefits , not only of retirees but , current workers .
" [ W ] hatever the old - health care plans might say on paper , " he said , " you know the reality is a future where the Big Three 's auto workers will be renegotiating givebacks with a gun pointed at their heads ( the threat of their company going bankrupt ) . "
In a repeat — albeit in a much larger scale — of the 1979 - 80 Chrysler bailout the threat of mass unemployment and financial ruin is being used to blackmail workers into accepting massive concessions .
That government bailout did nothing to secure the long - term health of the industry , let alone the jobs and living standards of Chrysler workers .
Instead it marked the beginning of a decades - long attack on the working class , which produced a massive transfer of wealth from working people into the pockets of corporate executives and hedge fund managers .
In the same way , the current assault on auto workers will be used as a benchmark for a wave of attacks on jobs and living standards as the corporate and financial elite , with the full support of the Obama administration , seeks to impose the breakdown of American capitalism on the backs of working people .
The collaboration of the UAW in this conspiracy will be cited by the Democratic Party and the media to claim that there is overwhelming support for auto workers to sacrifice .
This is a lie .
The UAW does not speak in the name or in the interests of ordinary working people .
On the contrary , it is a corrupt apparatus whose income and privileges are derived from the services it provides to corporate management .
Workers bear no responsibility for the decisions made by the auto bosses , let alone the avarice and recklessness of Wall Street , which has brought the entire economy to the brink of collapse .
Auto workers must reject the whole framework of the debate over the bailout and intervene independently to defend their interests and those of the entire working class .
This includes the preparation to reject any concessions brought back by the UAW and the launching of a national strike to defend jobs and living standards .
The most fundamental question , however , is how are the vast industrial resources , built up by generations of workers , going to be preserved and used ?
The auto industry , upon which millions of working people depend , can not be left in the hands of corporate executives and big investors who have driven it into the ground in order to amass huge personal fortunes .
State intervention and public planning are needed , but this will not be done by the Democrats and Republicans who are only interested in returning the companies to profitability to benefit the financial and corporate interests they represent .
The working class must assert its own interests .
This means the fight for the nationalization of the auto industry and its transformation into a public utility under the democratic control of working people .
To achieve this , workers must break with the Democratic Party and build a mass political party of the working class that will fight for a workers ' government to nationalize the banks and reorganize the entire economy based on the principle of production for human need , not private profit .
Auto workers in the US cannot succeed , however , outside of developing an international strategy .
Automotive manufacturing is the most globally integrated industry in the world , coordinating vast human , natural and technological resources .
In recent weeks auto workers in Canada , Japan and Europe have faced layoffs , and the demands for concessions in the US will be followed by similar demands throughout the world .
American workers must reject economic nationalism — long the stock in trade of the UAW and the Democratic Party to divide the international working class — and fight to unite with workers in every country based on the perspective of the socialist transformation of the global auto industry .
Jerry White
Title
Indentation - sensitive syntax
Author
Status
This SRFI is currently in final status .
Here is an explanation of each status that a SRFI can hold .
To provide input on this SRFI , please send email to srfi-49@nospamsrfi.schemers.org .
To subscribe to the list , follow these instructions .
You can access previous messages via the mailing list archive .
Abstract
This SRFI descibes a new syntax for Scheme , called I - expressions , whith equal descriptive power as S - expressions .
The syntax uses indentation to group expressions , and has no special cases for semantic constructs of the language .
It can be used both for program and data input .
It also allows mixing S - expressions and I - expressions freely , giving the programmer the ability to layout the code as to maximize readability .
Rationale
In the past , several non-S-expression syntaxes for various LISP dialects has been tested and thrown away .
However , people seem not to be too happy about the S - expressions , especially not beginners , who regularly complain about " all those parentheses " , so new syntaxes are invented , and dismissed from time to time .
All of those have had one property in common which S - expressions did not share - they had special constructs for the various _semantic_ constructs of the LISP dialect they where constructed for .
Many languages uses parentheses , braces or backets to group statements or expressions of the language , and allows exta spaces and newlines to be used to arrange the expressions or stattements in a visually pleasing way .
This , however , often comes back to bite the progammer , as an indentation leads him or her to think that the code is grouped in a specific way , when in fact , its parentheses , braces or brackets have been changed since the last time someone cared to reindent the code .
Recently , using indentation as the sole grouping constuct of a language has become popular with the advent of the Python programming language .
This solves the problem of indentation going out of sync with the native grouping constuct of the language .
Unfourtunately , the Python syntax uses special constructs for the various semantic constructs of the language , and the syntaxes of file input and interactive input differs slightly .
In addition , the indentation syntax of Python only covers statements , not expessions and data .
Specification
Each line in a file is either empty ( contains only whitepace and / or a comment ) , or contains some code , preceeded by some number of space and / or tab characters .
In the following syntax definition , this initial space , as well as linebreaks , is not included in the rules .
Instead , preceding any matching , the leading space of each line is compared to the leading space of the last non-empty line preceeding it , and then removed .
If the line is preceeded by more space than the last one was , the special symbol INDENT is added to the beginning of the line , and if it is preceeded by less space than the lastt one was , the special symbol DEDENT is added to the beginning of the line .
It is an error if neither one of the leading space / tab seqquences are a prefix of the other , nor are they equal .
The special non-terminal symbol sexpr expands to any valid S- expression , and the special terminal symbol GROUP expands to the word " group " in the input stream .
The GROUP symbol is used to allow lists whose first element is also a list .
It is needed as the indentation of an empty line is not accounted for .
Following each production is a rule to compute the value of an expression matching the production .
In those rules , the symbols $ 1 ... $n are to be replaced by the 1:st ... n:th matched subexpression .
expr -> QUOTE expr ( list ' quote $ 2 ) expr -> QUASIQUOTE expr ( list ' quasiquote $ 2 ) expr -> UNQUOTE expr ( list ' unquote $ 2 ) expr -> head INDENT body DEDENT ( append $ 1 $ 3 ) expr -> GROUP head INDENT body DEDENT ( append $ 2 $ 4 ) expr -> GROUP INDENT body DEDENT $ 3 expr -> head ( if (= ( length $ 1 ) 1 ) ( car $ 1 ) $ 1 ) expr -> GROUP head ( if (= ( length $ 2 ) 1 ) ( car $ 2 ) $ 2 ) head -> expr head ( append $ 1 $ 2 ) head -> expr ( list expr ) body -> expr body ( cons $ 1 $ 2 ) body -> '()
Examples
define fac x if = x 0 1 * x fac - x 1 let group foo + 1 2 bar + 3 4 + foo bar Denser equivalents using more traditional S - expressions : define ( fac x ) if ( = x 0 ) 1 * x fac (- x 1 ) let group foo (+ 1 2 ) bar (+ 3 4 ) + foo bar
Implementation
( use - modules ( sugar ) )
----{ sugar.scm }---- ( define - module ( sugar ) ) ( define - public group ' group ) ( define - public sugar - read - save read ) ( define - public sugar - load - save primitive - load ) ( define ( readquote level port qt ) ( read - char port ) ( let ( ( char ( peek - char port ) ) ) ( if ( or ( eq ? char #\space ) ( eq ? char #
ewline ) ( eq ? char # \ht ) ) ( list qt ) ( list qt ( sugar - read - save port ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( readitem level port ) ( let ( ( char ( peek - char port ) ) ) ( cond ( ( eq ? char # \` ) ( readquote level port ' quasiquote ) ) ( ( eq ? char # \ ' ) ( readquote level port ' quote ) ) ( ( eq ? char #\ , ) ( readquote level port ' unquote ) ) (t ( sugar - read - save port ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( indentation >? indentation1 indentation2 ) ( let ( ( len1 ( string - length indentation1 ) ) ( len2 ( string - length indentation2 ) ) ) ( and (> len1 len2 ) ( string= ? indentation2 ( substring indentation1 0 len2 ) ) ) ) ) ( define ( indentationlevel port ) ( define ( indentationlevel ) ( if ( or ( eq ? ( peek - char port ) # \space ) ( eq ? ( peek - char port ) # \ht ) ) ( cons ( read - char port ) ( indentationlevel ) ) '( ) ) ) ( list -> string ( indentationlevel ) ) ) ( define ( clean line ) ( cond ( ( not ( pair ? line ) ) line ) ( ( null ? line ) line ) ( ( eq ? ( car line ) ' group ) ( cdr line ) ) ( ( null ? ( car line ) ) ( cdr line ) ) ( ( list ? ( car line ) ) ( if ( or ( equal ? ( car line ) ' ( quote ) ) ( equal ? ( car line ) ' ( quasiquote ) ) ( equal ? ( car line ) ' ( unquote ) ) ) ( if ( and ( list ? ( cdr line ) ) (= ( length ( cdr line ) ) 1 ) ) ( cons ( car ( car line ) ) ( cdr line ) ) ( list ( car ( car line ) ) ( cdr line ) ) ) ( cons ( clean ( car line ) ) ( cdr line ) ) ) ) ( #t line ) ) ) ;;
Reads all subblocks of a block ( define ( readblocks level port ) ( let* ( ( read ( readblock - clean level port ) ) ( next - level ( car read ) ) ( block ( cdr read ) ) ) ( if ( string= ? next - level level ) ( let* ( ( reads ( readblocks level port ) ) ( next - next - level ( car reads ) ) ( next - blocks ( cdr reads ) ) ) ( if ( eq ? block '. ) ( if ( pair ? next - blocks ) ( cons next - next - level ( car next - blocks ) ) ( cons next - next - level next - blocks ) ) ( cons next - next - level ( cons block next - blocks ) ) ) ) ( cons next - level ( list block ) ) ) ) ) ;;
Read one block of input ( define ( readblock level port ) ( let ( ( char ( peek - char port ) ) ) ( cond ( ( eof - object ? char ) ( cons - 1 char ) ) ( ( eq ? char #
ewline ) ( read - char port ) ( let ( ( next - level ( indentationlevel port ) ) ) ( if ( indentation > ?
next - level level ) ( readblocks next - level port ) ( cons next - level ' ( ) ) ) ) ) ( ( or ( eq ? char #\space ) ( eq ? char # \ht ) ) ( read - char port ) ( readblock level port ) ) ( t ( let * ( ( first ( readitem level port ) ) ( rest ( readblock level port ) ) ( level ( car rest ) ) ( block ( cdr rest ) ) ) ( if ( eq ? first '. ) ( if ( pair ? block ) ( cons level ( car block ) ) rest ) ( cons level ( cons first block ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ;; reads a block and handles group , ( quote ) , ( unquote ) and ; ; ( quasiquote ) .
( define ( readblock - clean level port ) ( let* ( ( read ( readblock level port ) ) ( next - level ( car read ) ) ( block ( cdr read ) ) ) ( if ( or ( not ( list ? block ) ) (> ( length block ) 1 ) ) ( cons next - level ( clean block ) ) ( if (= ( length block ) 1 ) ( cons next - level ( car block ) ) ( cons next - level '. ) ) ) ) ) ( define - public ( sugar - read . port ) ( let* ( ( read ( readblock - clean " " ( if ( null ? port ) ( current - input - port ) ( car port ) ) ) ) ( level ( car read ) ) ( block ( cdr read ) ) ) ( cond ( ( eq ? block '. ) '( ) ) ( t block ) ) ) ) ( define - public ( sugar - load filename ) ( define ( load port ) ( let ( ( inp ( read port ) ) ) ( if ( eof - object ? inp ) #t ( begin ( eval inp ) ( load port ) ) ) ) ) ( load ( open- input - file filename ) ) ) ( define - public ( sugar- enable ) ( set! read sugar - read ) ( set! primitive - load sugar - load ) ) ( define - public ( sugar - disable ) ( set! read sugar - read - save ) ( set! primitive - load sugar - load - save ) ) ( sugar - enable ) ----{ sugar.scm }----
Copyright
Copyright ( C ) 2005 by Egil Möller .
All Rights Reserved .
Permission is hereby granted , free of charge , to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files ( the " Software " ) , to deal in the Software without restriction , including without limitation the rights to use , copy , modify , merge , publish , distribute , sublicense , and / or sell copies of the Software , and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so , subject to the following conditions :
The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software .
THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED " AS IS " , WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND , EXPRESS OR IMPLIED , INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY , FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT .
IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM , DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY , WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT , TORT OR OTHERWISE , ARISING FROM , OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE .
