I have now made the board available in PDF , so it can be printed out on any computer ( Mac / Windows / UNIX ) using the free Adobe Acrobat Reader .
The Win95 C++ program that generated this image is available for download , and you may need .
two VC ++ MFC DLL files .
( But if I were you , I 'd get the PDF version . )
This is really a fun shape to play on .
Standard
Go rules apply , and each point still has four liberties ( even on the outside edges ) .
From the first reports of a salmonella outbreak this spring , it took a full 89 days before jalapeño and serrano peppers correctly came under suspicion as the culprit .
During that period , as more than 1,440 victims trickled in to hospitals , federal officials struggled to trace the source of the outbreak , erroneously singling out tomatoes for weeks before homing in on peppers .
No sooner had that outbreak tapered off than the high - end Whole Foods Market was forced to launch a massive recall of E. coli-infested ground beef .
The incidents prompted renewed calls for reform and stricter oversight of food safety .
Some lawmakers are even suggesting stripping the Food and Drug Administration and the U.S. Department of Agriculture of their inspection duties and giving them to a new agency .
Yet the FDA in particular has long been starved of funding and understaffed .
Its workload , meanwhile , is rapidly expanding as the global food chain grows larger , more complicated , and less transparent , all of which adds to the agency 's already overcrowded plate .
Congress is under pressure to take up major food - safety legislation this fall that would offer sweeping proposals for regulatory change .
The country 's appetite for reform , however , is likely to collide with an uncomfortable reality :
The responsibility for food safety , as it works today , lies heavily in private hands .
Even as bacterial outbreaks have become more high - profile and the financial fallout from recalls more severe , the government has been handing off many food - safety responsibilities to industry .
Food safety today is a business — and a booming one at that .
For most Americans , however , the FDA is still the public face of food safety .
It was created in 1906 amid the fervid response to Upton Sinclair 's The Jungle , which exposed unsanitary conditions in meatpacking factories .
Today , the duties are split .
The USDA handles meat , and the FDA takes care of pretty much everything else .
But in reality , oversight of farms and food plants has gradually changed hands .
A pivotal moment came in the mid-1990s , after 21 people in Connecticut and Illinois were hospitalized during a huge lettuce - related outbreak of E. coli that was ultimately tied back to a grower in California .
In response to this and other incidents , federal officials worked with academics and industry to come up with a set of voluntary guidelines to avoid future outbreaks .
Inspections .
The move spawned a whole new cottage industry of third - party companies calling themselves " food - safety consultants . "
Practically every major food manufacturer today — from Kraft to Costco — hires experts to check out the ingredients that are entering its facilities .
In some ways , this represents a huge step forward .
Even with an engorged budget , the FDA could n't begin to get inspectors into all the factories , processing plants , distribution centers , warehouses , and packing plants in the country to check them for problems .
Right now , the agency focuses on juices and seafood , because those two products have a higher risk of going bad .
Indeed , it would cost the FDA more than $ 3.5 billion to inspect every one of the roughly 250,000 domestic and foreign food facilities just once , a recent Government Accountability Office report found .
Industry insiders say the FDA is lucky if it gets to the same facility once every three years .
But the new model has also created some alarming potential gaps .
For one thing , there 's no certification system for these third - party inspectors .
Critics worry that retailers hire these companies not only to ensure food quality but also as a defense mechanism to help protect their public image in case something goes wrong .
" These audits are like icing on the cake of litigation , " says Bill Marler , the attorney who represented more than 100 victims in the 1993 E. coli outbreak case linked to the Jack in the Box fast - food chain .
" Every major manufacturer does them , and every manufacturer pays no attention to them . "
There are other potential troubles , too .
Tomato and spinach growers are audited heavily because they 've had so many problems in the past , but other crops , such as broccoli and cauliflower , are scrutinized less .
" Retailers are n't demanding it , " says Trevor Suslow , a food - safety expert at the University of California - Davis .
Many growers , he adds , " are living in a continuing state of denial about whether they should be doing anything . "
And there 's also the concern that these efforts could , perversely , be making food less safe .
In some cases , experts say , a grower will have to pay for audits from six or seven companies just to satisfy the demands of all of its different buyers .
The overlapping attention might help eliminate problems , but it 's also costly .
For slaughter facilities squeezed by rising costs , cutting out E. coli tests has been one of their money - saving tactics , as recent raids have revealed .
The price tag is important .
With new technology , companies can do all sorts of wild — if at times unsettling — things to keep food free of bacteria .
For one thing , they can zap it with radiation .
The government approved irradiated meat in 1997 , and regulators last month gave the nod to leafy vegetables like lettuce and spinach .
But irradiation is still controversial .
Advocacy groups say it ruins taste and destroys nutrients , and consumer fears about irradiation have limited its adoption .
More broadly , companies with effective new products — be they oxidizing sprays , viral cocktails , or microbe detectors — often struggle to find buyers , because of either costs or public concerns .
Biotech companies , for example , are working on another promising technology that food companies prefer not to talk about — bacteriophages , which are naturally occurring viruses that kill certain bacteria , including E. coli and Listeria .
One company , Intralytix , received FDA approval in 2006 to sell its " phage cocktail " as an additive to ready - to - eat meats like hot dogs and deli turkey , which are more prone to factory contamination .
It 's now used by at least one commercially available smoked salmon brand .
But do n't look for it on many labels .
Intralytix CEO John Vazzana says that food companies are interested , but they get cold feet about having to put a disclaimer on their hot - dog or deli- meat packaging that would alert consumers about the little guys inside .
( Some are bypassing the rules by removing the viruses before packaging . )
Little enforcement .
Whether it's new technology or inspectors - for - hire , private - sector remedies can go only so far .
Voluntary inspection guidelines clearly have their shortcomings .
They did n't prevent the 2006 outbreak of E. coli involving spinach that claimed five lives and caused more than $ 350 million of damage .
To win back consumers , the Western Growers Association , which represents California and Arizona produce farmers , spent much of 2007 working with the federal government to overhaul its guidelines .
Under the new agreement , state agriculture officials are being trained to do inspections , and more scientific sanitation standards have been adopted .
Observers say these moves could help , but enforcement and penalties are limited .
Though many growers choose to participate , they are not required to by law .
If Congress takes up food safety this fall , it will most likely focus on efforts to improve the response time to outbreaks , perhaps by adopting a national trace - back program to locate contaminated food more quickly .
It also might push the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention , the agency responsible for tracking down the source of an outbreak , to do a better job of sharing information with the FDA .
But these reforms are just one side of the coin .
The other half , the prevention part , will depend on bringing order to the sprawling mosaic that is the global food chain .
Today , about 80 percent of the nation 's seafood and slightly less than half its fresh fruits are imported from overseas .
But the FDA inspects only about 1 percent .
Private auditors must be part of the answer , says Christine Humphrey , a former FDA field investigator .
The challenge is to make sure they 're qualified .
She points to medical devices as a possible guide .
In the late 1990s , regulators could n't work fast enough to approve new devices .
To eliminate the waiting list without lowering standards , the FDA began certifying third - party companies .
" The results have been phenomenal , " she says .
Smartphones running on Android come with a default marketplace for apps , books , music , and movies : the Google Play Store .
While it serves its purpose really well , you might be looking for something more .
And that little extra is provided by Aptoide and its lighter version , Aptoide Lite .
Aptoide Basics
Aptoide is n’t available in the Play Store .
This is due to a non-compete clause in the Google Play Developer Distribution Agreement .
This is the same reason the Amazon Appstore ca n’t be found on the Play Store as well .
To install Aptoide , you have to download an APK from a reliable source like Aptoide ’s own official site .
This is quite different from using the Play Store where you just need to find the app you want to install .
But if you want a different marketplace experience , you have to be willing to perform some extra steps .
Since an APK is from an outside party , you have to enable Unknown Sources on your phone before installing the app .
That can be done by going to Settings then ticking the box for Unknown Sources .
Aptoide vs Aptoide Lite : The Similarities
To get straight to the point : Aptoide and Aptoide Lite are just the same .
The only difference between the two is that the latter is a lot smaller in size and as such , caters to those who really want to save on space .
Other than that , they perform exactly the same function .
One of the best things about the Aptoide is its social factor .
While you do get suggestions on the Play Store , you ’ll find more tailored recommendations in Aptoide .
Not only that , you can create your own store that you can share with others .
This allows you to browse through the app collection of other like - minded users to see what else you can put on your phone .
You can even write incredibly detailed posts about the apps in your store .
This way , people who might stumble upon it can read a detailed overview which can guide them on whether or not they want it on their phone .
Basically , this is the app for you if you like your apps with a bit of a social aspect .
Aptoide vs Aptoide Lite : What ’s the Difference ?
If Aptoide and Aptoide Lite are essentially the same , why was there a need to create two separate apps ?
Just like how Facebook created Facebook Lite , Aptoide also created a lighter version of its regular app for those who do n’t have high end phones .
More sophisticated phones are equipped to handle the demands of resource hungry apps , but that ca n’t be said of lower end phones .
Since there are budget smartphones that do n’t are short on space and resources , it would be nice if there were apps catered to their capabilities .
This is where the “ lite ” versions of apps come in : they are technically the same as their heavier counterparts but they wo n’t consume space necessary to perform other functions .
So if you do n’t own a premium model smartphone but would still like to enjoy the benefits of Aptoide , the Lite version fulfills that need .
Prenez note que cet article publié en 2008 pourrait contenir des informations qui ne sont plus à jour .
Trois groupes environnementaux lancent ce mercredi une pétition en ligne pour s'opposer à un projet de pipeline destiné à importer du pétrole issu des sables bitumineux à Montréal .
Un projet de pipeline pour transférer du pétrole issu des sables bitumineux de l'Alberta vers le Québec suscite la controverse .
Les groupes environnementaux Équiterre , ForestEthics et Environmental Defense lancent ce mercredi une pétition en ligne .
Ils invitent les Québécois à exiger le rejet de ce projet .
Chaque message signé sera acheminé directement à tous les chefs de partis fédéraux .
Les environnementalistes soutiennent que le projet d'Enbridge générerait des émissions de gaz à effet de serre de 6,5 millions de tonnes par année .
Comme Québécois , nous avons le choix : exiger le rejet du projet par le gouvernement , ou contribuer à la croissance des sables bitumineux , la source d'émissions de GES qui connaît la croissance la plus rapide au Canada .
Steven Guilbeault , coordonnateur général adjoint d'Equiterre
Les groupes environnementaux prévoient aussi diffuser de la publicité à partir de la semaine prochaine et participer au processus réglementaire de l'Office national de l'Énergie .
De l'Alberta au Texas via Montréal
Enbridge sollicite l'autorisation de l'Office national de l'Énergie de pouvoir acheminer par pipeline du pétrole lourd ( non raffiné ) issu des sables bitumineux de l'Alberta vers Montréal .
Le pipeline partirait de l'Illinois ( aux États - Unis ) , en passant par l'Ontario .
Il coûterait 350 millions de dollars et acheminerait l'équivalent de 200 000 barils par jour .
Une partie de ce pétrole serait raffinée à Montréal pour usage au Québec .
Le reste serait envoyé vers le Maine par un pipeline déjà en service , pour ensuite être chargé sur des pétroliers en direction du Golfe du Mexique .
Cette région abrite la plus importante capacité de raffinage des États - Unis .
Le projet nommé Trailbreaker s'intègre dans la stratégie de l'entreprise énergétique pour accéder au golfe du Mexique .
Un autre projet - le Enbridge - BP Delivery System - est prévu entre Flanagan ( Illinois ) et Houston .
Il combinerait des installations existantes et d'autres à construire .
Le nouveau système de livraison pourrait être en service fin 2012 , avec une capacité initiale de 250 000 barils par jour .
Un autre projet de pipeline de l'Illinois vers le Texas , de concert avec ExxonMobil , a été reporté .
le Enbridge - BP Delivery System implique une augmentation de la production de pétrole albertain , afin d'être rentable .
Une fois cette rentabilité atteinte , celui passant par Montréal serait réorienté vers le marché du pétrole léger .
Enbridge estime que ce plan lui permet plus de souplesse dans ses livraisons , à des coûts moindres , tout en étant capable d'absorber une augmentation de la production de pétrole jusqu'à 800 000 barils par jour .
Du même souffle , l'entreprise fait valoir que ce projet aidera le Canada « à compenser l'approvisionnement étranger » en pétrole .
Le Parti québécois s'y oppose
Début septembre , le Parti québécois faisait part de son opposition à ce projet .
Le branchement des raffineries québécoises sur le pétrole des sables bitumineux viendrait annuler une grande partie des efforts consentis par les Québécois depuis les 20 dernières années .
Camil Bouchard , porte - parole du parti en matière d'environnement
Le Parti québécois proposait , dans la foulée , de s'inspirer du modèle norvégien à plusieurs aspects :
La gestion des technologies d'extraction ;
L'exclusion de certaines zones marines sensibles comme l'Estuaire du Saint - Laurent ;
Le contrôle et la participation majoritaire de l'État dans les activités d'exploitation ;
La création d'un fonds dédié à l'amélioration de l'environnement et au soutien des générations futures .
Enbridge est aussi présent dans le projet de terminal méthanier de Rabaska .
Celui - ci a reçu l'aval de Québec en octobre dernier et devrait être en service fin 2011 .
Le terminal pourra accueillir des méthaniers , de deux réservoirs de gaz naturel liquéfié ainsi que d'un gazoduc de 42 kilomètres .
' It was really an insult to a whole nationality to be stereotyped as drunks '
Tonight 's debate is technically about foreign policy -- so John McCain had better hope he does n't get any Ireland questions .
The Ancient Order of Hibernians , one of the oldest US Irish Catholic groups , is none too pleased with the Republican nominee for telling a joke about the drunk " O' Reilly twins " during a public event in Pennsylvania this week .
Here 's the video ...
The joke is a pretty old one -- although the name of the confused twins is often Murphy or O'Malley -- and McCain 's sense of humor has gotten him into trouble before .
Still , Seamus Boyle , president of the Order , is n't cutting him any slack in a scathing letter :
It was really an insult to a whole nationality to be stereotyped as drunks .
The Irish are a jovial people who enjoy life , work hard , help the needy , support our community and our country yet get depicted as drunkards and partiers .
As you stated in your speech yesterday the Irish have a great education and work ethic .
One wonders if the Order would take kindly to the mini-trend of kelly green O'Bama merchandise .
White women , no way /
Once pro-Obama , but now swoon for McPalin ?
Who the hell are you ?
Every white woman I know is positively horrified .
Wait , that 's not exactly true .
It 's more accurate to say that every thoughtful or liberal or intuitive or open - minded white woman I know worth her vagina monologue and her self - determination and two centuries of nonstop striving for equal rights and sexual freedom and exhaustive patriarchal unshackling is right now openly horrified , appalled at what the addition of shrill PTA hockey - mom Sarah Palin seems to have done for the soggy , comatose McCain campaign -- that is , make it not merely remotely interesting and melodramatic , but aggressively hostile to , well , to all intelligent women everywhere .
Truly , among women in the know and especially among those who fought so hard to bring Hillary Clinton to the brink of history , nausea and a general recoiling appear to be the universal reactions to Palin 's sudden presence on the national stage , stemming straight from the idea that there 's even a slight chance in hell such an antagonistic , anti-female politico could be within a 72 - year - old heartbeat of becoming the most powerful and iconic woman of all time .
They say : You 've got to be kidding me .
They say :
This is what we get ?
This could be our historic role model ?
Two hundred years ( OK , more like 2000 ) of struggle , only to have this nasty caricature of femininity try to hijack and mock and undermine it all ?
It can not be true , they say .
The universe must be joking , would not dare dump such a homophobic , Creationist evangelical nutball on us , this anti-choice , God-pandering woman who 's the inverse of Hillary , this woman of deep inexperience who abhors birth control and supports abstinence education and shoots exhausted wolves from helicopters and hates polar bears and actually stands for everything progressive women have resented since the first pope Swift - Boated Eve .
But now , the truly bizarre part .
Despite this defiant outcry , a great many pundits and reports have suggested that , just after the Palin VP announcement , a sizable chunk of predominantly white women nevertheless abandoned their tentative support for Obama and leapt into the lyin ' arms of McCain , presumably simply because of Palin 's gender and PTA momhood .
And thus did the harrowing wail go out : WTF ?
Could it be true ?
Are cadres of formerly Obama - leaning white women really so enchanted by Palin 's gender and motherhood status that they openly ignore the fact that she basically wants to shove women 's rights back about five decades ?
Can it be so simple , crude , sad ?
Let us analyze .
Let me , being a straight white male and therefore only capable of gazing in awe at the spectacle that is the indecipherable female intuitive response , foolishly attempt to decipher some of it anyway , and explain why in hell some women might jump to Palin , despite the fact that she essentially hates them .
Shall we begin ?
" She 's one of us . "
This was the resounding quote from many deer - in - the - Palin - headlights fans , a bizarre , dangerous sentiment that echoes the blue - collar Midwest 's blind love of George W. Bush , simply because he came across as the kind of simple - minded aw - shucks guy you 'd want to have a beer with , never you mind that giant silver spoon sticking out of his mouth or that giant daddy 's - boy chip on his droopy shoulders .
Is this all it is ?
Does " one of us " merely mean white women really believe Palin could , if McCain did n't survive his first term , effectively lead the most powerful , flawed , complicated nation on the planet merely because she 's a hard - workin ' mom with moxie , that she 's managed to raise a gaggle of strangely named kids who hunt and do n't believe in evolution and get pregnant before they 're old enough to buy a pack of Marlboros ?
Or does it mean they agree with Palin about not giving a damn for equal pay , or honest sex education , or separation of church and state , or alternative energy , or a woman 's right to choose , or their own daughters ' rights if they get knocked up after being raped or incested ?
Nah , that can't be it .
Maybe we 're just not used to seeing the female voting demographic depicted this way .
Truly , it 's usually men who are the knuckleheaded ones , who will flip their vote merely over a single inconsequential issue ( " I like everything about Obama except he supports gun control , and I love my guns , so I guess I gotta go for McCain " ) .
Women , according to the eternal mythology , are no such dupes , and choose more wisely , from deeper intuition , instinct .
Right ?
Wrong .
Maybe this is our simple summary , the blaring headline we should be reading in the wake of recent events .
" Easily duped Palin supporters prove : Some white women are just as dumb as men . "
Is that all it is ?
Maybe so .
Ah , but there is good news .
It appears the bloom is already off the McPalin rose , the baby bump she gave McCain is already gone , as everyone from here to Wasilla is sick to death of hearing about her .
Every day that goes by it comes clearer that the Sarah juggernaut is no juggernaut at all but merely an increasingly disturbing PR stunt , and a bit of a disgrace for John McCain himself , whose once - noble aura of integrity and class has essentially vanished .
A potent backlash is coming fast .
Actually , it began almost immediately , just after the Republican National Convention , when the GOP cheerfully announced they 'd raised a whopping one million bucks in the 24 hours following Palin 's speech , so inspired was the heavily drugged conservative base by her teleprompter - reading skills ( she did n't write a single word of her own speech , of course ; it came from a former Bushite , well before she was the VP pick ) .
Well , gosh .
Really ?
A million ?
Wow .
But then Obama 's campaign issued a statement of their own .
Turns out they 'd raised a bit money in the exact same time frame , a rather impressive outpouring of cash from all those on the left who could be heard screaming " oh my God no way in hell " to their TV screens as Palin 's finger jabbed at the heart of all that 's right and good with the world .
The amount Obama raised in the same 24 hours ?
$ 10 million .
Well now .
How much of that staggering amount came from the newly galvanized , infuriated female populace from the left who see right through Palin 's shrill charade and damn well recognize an imposter in their midst , it 's impossible to tell .
But I think it 's a damn safe bet to assume , they are legion .
And let me tell you , they are pissed .
Mark Morford 's latest book is ' The Daring Spectacle : Adventures in Deviant Journalism ' .
Join Mark on Facebook and Twitter , or email him .
His website is markmorford.com .
For his yoga classes , workshops and retreats , click markmorfordyoga.com .
Mark 's column appears every Wednesday on SFGate , and is frequently cross-posted to Huffington Post .
To join the notification list for this column , click here and remove one article of clothing .
To get on Mark 's personal mailing list , click here and remove three more .
This column also has an RSS feed and a very handy archive page .
Is your overflowing e-mail in - box a herald of the next stage in human evolution ?
Those e-mails represent just a small sample of the vast amount of digital information being generated by the gigabyte every minute .
If we can cope with this rising flood of information , we are likely to be on track for using technology in the creation of superhuman intelligence , according to Vernor Vinge , futurist , best - selling science fiction author , and retired professor of computer science .
Machines will become far more than just tools ; they will physically merge with us , seamlessly endowing powers that are currently beyond our imagination .
And all of this will happen in our lifetime , Vinge says .
DISCOVER asked Vinge about the consequences of living in a networked world that generates and distributes more and more data every day and how to cope with information overload .
Do we have access to too much information ?
Almost any amount of information about reality could be useful if it were correlated .
When a person gets into the farther reaches of what we in 2008 talk about and imagine when we talk about information overload , 99.99 percent is stuff that should be handled by automated processing .
In the olden days that would mean you ’d need a staff .
For the average person today , that translates into figuring out how to use automated tools .
There is one thing that is unsettling to me related to this , and it is that , more and more , the human place is to do certain things : human judgment , human intuition .
Those are the things that we still have the edge on , and that ’s what we ’re really getting paid to do , to intuit , to judge .
But those are becoming smaller and smaller points of focus , although absolutely essential to keeping the enterprise moving .
It means that from the standpoint of the human , his or her attention is flickering around .
I think that [ constant flickering of attention ] would manifest to the person as a case of information overload , because we ’re used to sitting back and thinking about something and going to have coffee and when we come back from coffee we ’re still thinking about the same thing .
Part of it is an accommodation problem because this aspect of human nature may have to change .
Also part of it is that there are some intuitional and judgmental things where a person does have to think for a long period of time to deliver , and to the extent that this is undermined , that is the real problem .
Do you think there is any limit to the amount of information we can use ?
There ’s a science fiction writer called Karl Schroeder who came up with the concept of thalience , the idea that every object should know what it is , where it is , and be able to report that to any nearby object .
So in effect reality becomes its own database .
At that point you pretty obviously can have any amount of information because reality is a big and fine - grained place .
And if you look at all the projects on the Google Labs Web site , there are obviously people who are trying to answer the question of what are all the things we can do with this .
This is related to the trend we see with embedded and networked microprocessors .
In the 1980s we began to put computers in devices that did n’t seem to need computers , like cameras .
Now , of course , we know why we need them in cameras .
In the 1990s those devices began to have network access .
They ’re sort of like an Internet beneath the Internet , digital plankton .
Now if this trend persists , then you are looking at one of the possible scenarios [ that give rise to ] “ the singularity . ”
What is “ the singularity ” ?
What I mean is that I think that in the relatively near future , we will be able to use technology in order to create , or become , creatures of superhuman intelligence .
As technological changes go , this is qualitatively different from the big events in the past .
You could explain fire or agriculture to somebody who lived before those technologies were invented .
But after the singularity — it would be like trying to explain this interview to a goldfish .
Figure 1 . Arctic sea ice extent for September 2008 was 4.67 million square kilometers ( 1.80 million square miles ) , the second - lowest in the satellite record .
The magenta line shows the median ice extent for September from 1979 to 2000 .
Sea Ice Index data .
About the data .
— National Snow and Ice Data Center Figure 2 .
The updated time series plot puts this summer ’s sea ice extent in context with other years .
The solid light blue line indicates 2008 ; the dashed green line shows 2007 ; the dotted dark blue line shows 2005 ; and the solid gray line indicates average extent from 1979 to 2000 .
Note the steep decline in August 2008 , which depicts record ice losses for the month .
Sea Ice Index data .
— National Snow and Ice Data Center Figure 3 .
September ice extent from 1979 to 2008 shows a thirty - year decline .
The September rate of sea ice decline since 1979 has now increased to - 11.7 percent per decade .
Sea Ice Index data .
— National Snow and Ice Data Center Figure 4 .
A comparison of ice age in September 2007 ( left ) and September 2008 ( right ) shows the increase in thin first - year ice ( red ) and the decline in thick multi- year ice ( orange and yellow ) .
White indicates areas of ice below ~ 50 percent , for which ice age cannot be determined .
AVHRR , SMMR SSM /I , and IABP buoy data .
— From National Snow and Ice Data Center courtesy C. Fowler , J. Maslanik , and S. Drobot , University of Colorado at Boulder Figure 5 .
A map of air - temperature anomalies at the 925 millibar level ( about 914 meters or 3,000 feet above the surface ) averaged over June , July , and August 2008 shows that temperatures in the Arctic were higher than average this summer .
Yellow and red indicate areas with above - average temperature ; blue indicates areas with below - average temperature .
— From National Snow and Ice Data Center courtesy NOAA / ESRL Physical Sciences Division Climate Diagnostics Center Figure 6 .
This animation of September sea ice concentration from 1979 to 2008 shows two aspects of sea ice change : First , it shows that sea ice has been declining over the thirty years of the satellite record .
Second , it shows that September extent in 2008 was well below average , which is indicated by the magenta line .
The satellite does not pass close enough to the North Pole for the sensor to collect data there ; lack of data is indicated by a gray circle .
SMMR SSM / I data .
— Data from the National Snow and Ice Data Center using NASA GSFC Scientific Visualization Studio Blue Marble Figure 7 .
This animation shows two aspects of sea ice change : First , as the thirty - year record unfolds , September sea ice is showing a negative trend .
Second , it shows that 2008 came in just over the record low set in 2007 , making it the second - lowest in the satellite record .
On the right is the average extent in September 2008 ; on the left is an animation that shows September sea ice extent , beginning with 1979 and ending with 2008 .
— National Snow and Ice Data Center
Arctic sea ice extent during the 2008 melt season dropped to the second - lowest level since satellite measurements began in 1979 , reaching the lowest point in its annual cycle of melt and growth on September 14 , 2008 .
Average sea ice extent over the month of September , a standard measure in the scientific study of Arctic sea ice , was 4.67 million square kilometers ( 1.80 million square miles ) ( Figure 1 ) .
The record monthly low , set in 2007 , was 4.28 million square kilometers ( 1.65 million square miles ) ; the now - third - lowest monthly value , set in 2005 , was 5.57 million square kilometers ( 2.15 million square miles ) .
The 2008 season strongly reinforces the thirty - year downward trend in Arctic ice extent .
The 2008 September low was 34 % below the long - term average from 1979 to 2000 and only 9 % greater than the 2007 record ( Figure 2 ) .
Because the 2008 low was so far below the September average , the negative trend in September extent has been pulled downward , from – 10.7 % per decade to – 11.7 % per decade ( Figure 3 ) .
NSIDC Senior Scientist Mark Serreze said , “ When you look at the sharp decline that we ’ve seen over the past thirty years , a ‘ recovery ’ from lowest to second lowest is no recovery at all .
Both within and beyond the Arctic , the implications of the decline are enormous . ”
Conditions in spring , at the end of the growth season , played an important role in the outcome of this year ’s melt .
In March 2008 , thin first - year ice covered a record high 73 % of the Arctic Basin .
While this might seem like a recovery of the ice , the large extent masked an important aspect of sea ice health ; thin ice is more prone to melting out during summer .
So , the widespread thin ice of spring 2008 set the stage for extensive ice loss over the melt season .
Through the 2008 melt season , a race developed between melting of the thin ice and gradually waning sunlight .
Summer ice losses allowed a great deal of solar energy to enter the ocean and heat up the water , melting even more ice from the bottom and sides .
Warm oceans store heat longer than the atmosphere does , contributing to melt long after sunlight has begun to wane .
In August 2008 , the Arctic Ocean lost more ice than any previous August in the satellite record .
NSIDC Research Scientist Walt Meier said , “ Warm ocean waters helped contribute to ice losses this year , pushing the already thin ice pack over the edge .
In fact , preliminary data indicates that 2008 probably represents the lowest volume of Arctic sea ice on record , partly because less multiyear ice is surviving now , and the remaining ice is so thin . ”
( See Figure 4 . )
In the end , however , summer conditions worked together to save some first - year ice from melting and to cushion the thin pack from the effects of sunlight and warm ocean waters .
This summer ’s weather did not provide the “ perfect storm ” for ice loss seen in 2007 : temperatures were lower than 2007 , although still higher than average ( Figure 5 ) ; cloudier skies protected the ice from some melt ; a different wind pattern spread the ice pack out , leading to higher extent numbers .
Simply put , the natural variability of short - term weather patterns provided enough of a brake to prevent a new record - low ice extent from occurring .
NSIDC Research Scientist Julienne Stroeve said , “ I find it incredible that we came so close to beating the 2007 record — without the especially warm and clear conditions we saw last summer .
I hate to think what 2008 might have looked like if weather patterns had set up in a more extreme way . ”
The melt season of 2008 reinforces the decline of Arctic sea ice documented over the past thirty years ( Figure 6 and Figure 7 ) .
NSIDC Lead Scientist Ted Scambos said , “ The trend of decline in the Arctic continues , despite this year 's slightly greater extent of sea ice .
The Arctic is more vulnerable than ever . ”
References
Maslanik , J.A. , C. Fowler , J. Stroeve , S. Drobot , J. Zwally , D. Yi , and W. Emery .
2007 .
A younger , thinner Arctic ice cover : Increased potential for rapid , extensive sea-ice loss , Geophysical Research Letters , vol. 34 , L24501 , doi:10.1029/2007GL032043 .
Stroeve J. , M.M. Holland , W. Meier , T. Scambos , and M. Serreze , 2007 .
Arctic sea ice decline : Faster than forecast , Geophys .
Res. Lett. , vol. 34 , L09501 , doi:10.1029/2007GL029703 .
Stroeve J. , M. Serreze , S. Drobot , S. Gearheard , M. Holland , J. Maslanik , W. Meier , and T. Scambos.
2008 .
Arctic sea ice extent plummets in 2007 , EOS Transactions of the American Geophysical Union , vol. 89 , pp. 13 –14 .
Return to News Room
Internet radio services are breathing a sigh of relief after the Senate approved a bill on Tuesday that would allow them to renegotiate a royalty rate that Web broadcasters say is too high .
By law , Web sites like Pandora.com and Live365.com have to pay the performers and owners of the recordings they broadcast , and have been in a tug - of - war with record companies over the size of these payments .
( Songwriters and music publishers are paid a royalty by radio stations and Web broadcasters ; Web broadcasters also pay the performer . )
Under the terms of the Webcaster Settlement Act , which was passed by the House on Saturday and now goes to President Bush for his signature , Web broadcasters have until Feb. 15 to negotiate with SoundExchange , the agency that collects and distributes the royalty .
Under the current rate set by federal statute last year , said Tim Westergren , one of Pandora ’s founders , his site has had to pay 70 percent of its gross revenue for this performance royalty , and will have to shut down if it is not reduced .
The days are getting shorter , temperatures are dropping , and the cold and flu season is beginning .
Many people have started taking vitamin C tablets as a precautionary measure .
But research has shown that vitamin supplements do not provide nearly as much protection as other measures , like frequently washing your hands – and that high doses can even be harmful .
The German Institute for Quality and Efficiency in Health Care ( IQWiG ) has published information and a quiz on the subject of prevention , helping to separate widespread myths from facts .
Promising news is quickly assumed to be true
Many people overestimate the benefits of vitamin C and other antioxidants .
For years it was believed that taking vitamin C supplements not only provided protection against colds , but also against cancer , thereby helping people to live longer .
An easy - to - understand summary of the research in this area , refuting these beliefs , has now been published on IQWiG 's website www.informedhealthonline.org.
" Not only is there no proof that some antioxidants prolong life , but there is some evidence that certain products may even lead to earlier death " , says Professor Peter Sawicki , the Institute 's Director .
" Positive " news gives people hope , which can quickly spread , become deeply held beliefs .
Professor Sawicki : " It can be very difficult to accept that these beliefs are myths , but they are not true if further research does not confirm them or the research points to the opposite conclusion . "
Simple strategies can prevent respiratory infections
Whether it is caused by a mild cold or the flu , a runny nose and sore throat are signs of a viral infection .
Many people are absolutely convinced that vitamin C provides protection against respiratory infections .
Yet research has shown that vitamin C does not prevent infection , and that high doses can even be harmful .
There are many simple but effective ways to lower the risk of respiratory infections .
These include frequently washing your hands with normal soap and water , and not touching your face with your hands .
People who already have a respiratory infection can stop it from spreading by throwing away tissues immediately after using them and not shaking hands with other people .
Source : Institute for Quality and Efficiency in Health Care
Thursday , 02 Oct , 2008 Health & Fitness
Scientists are currently testing the deadly scorpion venom , which might be an effective cure for brain cancer .
The venom samples were taken from Leiurus quinquestriatus , a scorpion living in the Middle East .
In the scorpion 's venom scientists found a peptide , which is non-toxic to humans .
Peptide binds to a receptor that is located only on some tumor cells .
Scientists noticed that peptide attacked tumors in breast , skin and brain , leaving the healthy cells intact .
Together with his colleagues , Michael Egan , who works for TransMolecular , a company based in Cambridge , Massachusetts , has bound radioactive iodine isotopes to the peptide in order to see if it provides deadly doses of radioactivity to cancer cells .
Last year scientists injected this agent straight into the tumors of 59 patients who had inoperable brain cancer .
All those people have now died but researchers noticed that patients who received a higher dose prolonged their life by three months in average .
For several weeks scientists from the University of Chicago in Illinois have been injecting TM601 into the blood of patients with different forms of malignant brain cancer .
After the experiment researchers will study whether they can identify and destroy known primary and secondary tumors throughout the body .
Source : NewScientist
After a decade of shouting , “ Follow the water ! ” in its exploration of Mars , NASA can finally say that one of its spacecraft has reached out , touched water ice and scooped it up .
Now , scientists will be able to tackle the main question they hope to answer :
Did the ice ever melt and turn Mars into a habitable place ?
In a photograph released Thursday evening of a trench that the Phoenix Mars lander has dug into the Martian soil , some white patches that were seen earlier in the week have shrunk , and eight small chunks have disappeared .
Until now , scientists were not sure if the white material was ice or some kind of salt .
When exposed to air , water ice can change into water vapor , a process known as sublimation .
Salt , on the other hand , is not capable of such a vanishing act .
Hollywood 's controversial request for a waiver on Selectable Output Control ( SOC ) has finished the first phase of its cycle .
Monday was the last day for comments on the big studio's petition for a lift of the Federal Communications Commission 's ban on SOC .
About 20 prominent parties have filed on the issue .
Not surprisingly , TV content streamers AT&T and DIRECTV stand out among supporters of the plan , but there are nay - sayers and skeptics too .
As Ars Technica has reported , the petition comes from the Motion Picture Association of America ( MPAA ) , which wants a waiver on that restriction in the case of high - definition movies broadcast prior to their release on DVD .
SOC lets video distributors close down analog or digital output on broadcasts , which could be used to force HD downscaling to SD and / or block output to devices such as DVRs , an option that MPAA says will allow it to more securely distribute early - run studio films on TV .
" The Petitioners ' theatrical movies are too valuable in this early distribution window to risk their exposure to unauthorized copying , " MPAA wrote to the FCC in June .
" Distribution over insecure outputs would facilitate the illegal copying and redistribution of this high value content , causing untold damage to the DVD and other ' downstream ' markets . "
As of now , well over 500 individuals and groups have filed opinions with the Commission , most of them brief .
Here is a summary of the longer comments .
Go for it !
AT&T enthusiastically backs this proposal .
" MPAA has persuasively shown that grant of its waiver request will expand consumer choice by allowing consumers to purchase and enjoy high definition digital movies in their own homes prior to release of such films on pre-recorded media , and thus much early than they can today , " three attorneys for the telco wrote .
Like MPAA , AT&T notes that the proposal would not " alter the current application of the Commission ’s encoding rules . "
This truism may calm anxieties about the proposal , but the point , obviously , is to alter SOC rules after a given date in the future .
A vice president of DIRECTV takes a similar stance .
" The requested waiver would not deprive any consumer of services she currently has access to , and applies only for the limited period necessary to safeguard this valuable content during a more accelerated release window , " DIRECTV veep Susan Eid told the FCC .
And , not surprisingly , the National Cable & Telecommunications Association says it backs the proposal .
" The FCC's [ SOC ban ] stands as the only impediment to the emergence of new business models for the distribution of early - release movies over cable and other MVPD systems , " NCTA 's comments conclude .
" It is time to lift that restriction so that consumers can benefit from access to more highly attractive programming for home viewing . "
The MPAA petition 's other cheerers include tax cut crusader Grover Norquist , whose filing emphasizes the convenience of watching early - run movies at home .
" The logistics involved in gathering the family and transporting them to a theater , finding seats together , and all that is involved in that , not to mention the cost of feeding a family at a theater , has put the idea of first - run movies out of reach for many Americans , " Norquist wrote .
The National Taxpayers ' Union , which files with the FCC on spectrum auctions , VoIP issues , and the proposed XM / Sirius merger , also supports the waiver .
NTU 's filing claims that the MPAA plan " does not seem to have massive opposition precisely because so many facets of the private sector stand to benefit . "
Certain parts of the private sector would beg to disagree .
No , no , no
The National Association of Theater Owners ( NATO ) requested and received an extension on this proceeding .
The group represents companies running about 30,000 theaters across the country .
NATO 's 17 - page filing opposes the waiver request .
" For our millions of patrons who love the unique and compelling experience of seeing movies on the big screen with quality sound , consumer choice is disserved [ sic ] by business models that threaten the viability of cinemas , " NATO warns .
" If , as we believe inevitable , neighborhood cinemas begin disappearing in the wake of collapsed windows , consumers will recognize too late that the new gizmo of early release movies in the home was hardly worth the novelty . "
The Independent Film and Television Alliance ( IFTA ) also says nay on the proposal .
IFTA represents indie studios like Morgan Creek and Lionsgate .
The groups ' eight - page statement calls the MPAA plan " extraordinarily vague as to exactly how this new service would work . "
The IFTA eyes with suspicion the intent of the big studios that launched this proceeding : Paramount Pictures , Sony Pictures , Twentieth Century Fox , Universal City Studios Walt Disney Studios , and Warner Brothers .
" The Petition 's request for more exclusive access for only studio - supplied content simply reinforces the alarming trend that US television increasingly is only a channel for content by a few companies to reach the public , contrary to the purpose of the Communications
Act and sound public policy , " IFTA 's comment concludes .
Ditto on the vagueness issue , warns the Consumer Electronics Association ( CEA ) , whose filing worries that " the inevitable consequence " of giving the studios SOC power " will be the loss of viewing , for which consumers have paid or are willing to pay , by consumers who may not be interested in recording and may not even own a recorder or have any Internet connection . "
CEA calls SOC a " blunt instrument , " the use of which " must be balanced against the harm inflicted on innocent consumers and on the public interest . "
Eight nonprofits have also weighed in against the MPAA request .
Seven groups led by Public Knowledge argue that granting MPAA 's petition will " give MPAA members unprecedented and undesirable control over consumer device design ... "
" The waiver is not limited to analog outputs , and would allow the selective disabling of any output on MVPD networks .
Should the MPAA choose to turn off other types of connections , it will harm even more users .
Perhaps worse , it will give content owners the leverage to decide which outputs should be used in consumer electronics .
Using this leverage , content owners could force consumer electronics designers and manufacturers to agree to almost any conditions to display SOC content , including design choices which are consumer - unfriendly and which are not driven by reasonable consumer desires or technological considerations . "
The Home Recording Rights Coalition ( HRRC ) observes that although the waiver is not " purportedly " directed at home recording , it could have the effect of hurting sales of home devices that support digital recording .
" In other words , the FCC 's giving MPAA members the unbridled and nonreviewable discretion to turn off recordable interfaces will allow them to do what neither the Congress nor the courts have tolerated since the Betamax case : to disable technology simply because it supports home recording by consumers , " HRRC says .
Well , maybe
A handful of groups think that the waiver ought to be granted with various strings attached .
The agency that helps coordinate digital copy protection standards for the so - called " 5C " manufacturing group ( Toshiba , Intel , Matsushita , Sony , and Hitachi ) is skeptical of the plan .
SOC " cannot be left to the unfettered discretion of content owners and MVPDs , " warns the Digital Transition Licensing Administrator ( DTLA ) .
" Such unchecked authority places far too much power in the hands of content owners , to the potential detriment of all other equally - important stakeholders . "
But DTLA says it can live with the idea under two conditions :
First , the waiver must be limited to early - delivery high - definition movies , and for a limited time .
As for the second condition , Ars ' reading of this syntactically ambiguous paragraph [ below ] suggests that DTLA opposes SOC outputs that will inhibit the copying abilities of home viewing systems .
" SOC can not be applied to ' de - select ' any digital output that will ( i ) protect content as ' copy never / display only ' with no analog output allowed , ( ii ) protect content from unauthorized redistribution outside the home or personal network , and ( iii ) prevent retransmission across the home network except to downstream devices that meet these same three conditions . "
TiVo will accept the proposal if the waiver only lasts two years so that all parties can evaluate the results .
After that time , " stakeholders will have the opportunity to raise concerns or express support based on their experiences with the Service , " TiVO argues .
Plus the service must be able to work with all CableLabs approved outputs .
And the FCC must oversee the process to prevent discrimination against certain technologies .
A Sony vice president filed somewhat similar comments .
And the American Association of People with Disabilities takes no position on the matter , but asks that if the FCC approves the waiver , the Commission ensures that SOC does not harm closed captioning , video description , or set - top box design accessibility .
Needless to say , MPAA has repeatedly met and filed with the FCC on behalf of its request .
The comment period of this cycle on SOC has now concluded .
Replies to comments are due on July 31 .
Further reading
About The Author Jason is an educator , business owner , and author .
As one of the first dozen professors of website design in the country , his lectures and workshops dynamically …
More about Jason Mark …
How WordPress Took The CMS Crown From Drupal And Joomla
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
According to W3Techs , almost 55 % of the 1 million most visited websites that are run on a content management system ( CMS ) are run on WordPress .
WordPress is a darn fine CMS and is stable and easy to use , but so are Joomla and Drupal .
So , why does WordPress have the lion ’s share of the top 1 million websites ?
According to W3Techs , almost 55 % of the 1 million most visited websites that are run on a content management system ( CMS ) are run on WordPress .
WordPress is a darn fine CMS and is stable and easy to use , but so are Joomla and Drupal .
So , why does WordPress have the lion ’s share of the top 1 million websites ?
This article does not set out to prove that one CMS is “ better ” than another .
WordPress , Joomla , Drupal and dozens of other platforms are mature , stable , great CMS ’ that can do a fantastic job in most cases .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Market Share
As a point of reference , at Gravity Switch , about 50 % of our projects are in Drupal and about 35 % in WordPress ; the rest are in other CMS ’ or written by hand in PHP or built on a framework such as CakePHP , Django or Ruby .
Some of you might be squirming in your seats asking , “ But why do n’t you just use [ insert your CMS of choice ] ? ”
The answer is simple : blind luck .
Breakdown of websites with a clearly identifiable CMS , according to W3 Tech ’s survey of the top 1 million domains .
A couple of our top clients asked us to use Drupal or WordPress ( based on their own technical requirements or preferences ) , so right now we have more in - house experience with WordPress and Drupal .
Our job is to be flexible and to help our clients do their jobs better .
While we ’re able to guide the folks who do n’t have a preference , our job is not to evangelize one technology over another .
So , rather than attempt to convince you that one CMS is best , I ’ll share some data that compares WordPress to Drupal and Joomla in order to understand how and why WordPress got the crown .
Name Recognition
When I want to understand how popular something is , one of the first places I go to is Google Trends .
Based on WordPress ’ market share , I expected to find that it is searched for about five times as often as Joomla and about nine times as often as Drupal .
What I found was quite different :
Global searches , as shown by Google Trends .
It turns out that , internationally , Joomla is almost as well known as WordPress , and Drupal is searched for about a quarter as often .
This data suggests that :
Out of the top three CMS ’ out there ( WordPress , Joomla and Drupal ) , people are choosing WordPress more often .
People are choosing WordPress without searching for it .
Where WordPress Excels
Let ’s be honest .
It probably does n’t matter which of the top 20 CMS ’ you choose .
( Curious what they are ?
W3 Techs lists them . )
They ’re all reasonably secure , stable and easy to maintain .
While WordPress might have been “ just blogging software ” for a time and did n’t have the features needed to be a true CMS , those days are gone .
Anyone who says otherwise is trolling or living in the past .
In fact , the “ SxSW Web Content Management System Showdown ” a couple of years back clearly showed WordPress , Joomla and Drupal all to be powerful and expandable systems .
So , what does WordPress do differently than Joomla , Drupal and others ?
1. Focus
Unlike Joomla and Drupal , which were designed as proper CMS ’ , WordPress was designed to solve a problem .
Also , because WordPress had a clear target audience ( bloggers ) , its developers were able to build a successful business at WordPress.com pretty much from day one .
The story of how WordPress established itself is simple : bloggers had problems , and WordPress provided services to fix those problems .
By contrast , Drupal and Joomla tried to be “ everything a geek might need ” .
Alas , capitalism always wins .
Having clearly defined uses is more effective than working in the abstract .
2. Ease of Use
Let ’s face it : WordPress is the easiest CMS for a non-techie to install and set up , and the easiest to use out of the gate .
That counts for a lot .
Anyone can set up a blog on WordPress.com and be up and running in a few hours .
It ’s easy enough that a 60 - year - old IT employee can set up a company CMS without losing face for not being up to date on the newest technology .
It ’s easy enough that a hobbyist can start their own website or blog in a weekend .
It ’s easy enough that an old - school marketing firm can set up a website in house and , just as importantly , understand how to use it without reading pages of manuals .
WordPress is committed to serving non-technical users who want to communicate easily and effectively .
So , its appeal makes sense when you consider that people who go into communications fields ( including sales and marketing ) tend not to be introverted technologists .
And because of its corporate ties , WordPress never had the luxury of being able to tell its users to RTFM , nor could it shrug and say , “ It works for me . ”
Rather , the features of WordPress were driven by content people , not techies .
Every feature had to be usable by bloggers , including non-technical ones .
Ease of use is an issue that both Joomla and Drupal are working on .
But it does n’t come naturally to them , evidenced by the slow progress they ’re making and the fact that their ships are still being sailed by technologists .
For example , Drupal still does n’t even ship with a WYSIWYG editor .
Unbelievable but true .
3. The Blog Factor
OK , I know that calling WordPress “ blogging software ” is taboo in the WordPress community .
But before you hardcore aficionados get defensive about WordPress being “ more than blogging software , ” hear me out .
The blog factor is a great strength that helped to establish WordPress as a CMS .
First , let ’s admit that WordPress is great blogging software .
Consider the following :
WordPress.com is the 18th most visited website in the world .
Its tagline is “ A better way to blog , ” and it claims to have “ 355,355 bloggers . ”
Quite simply , a lot of bloggers use WordPress .
Of the new blog posts featured on WordPress.com ’s home page , three out of eleven of the blogs run on their own domains , and one out of eleven ( or 9 % ) is in the top 1 million websites , according to Alexia .
If we extrapolate this , we can say that approximately 9 % of all WordPress.com blogs ( or 34,000 blogs ) are in the top 1 million websites .
Let ’s put that into perspective .
According to W3Techs , 2.7 % ( 27,000 ) of the 1 million most visited websites in the world run Joomla , and 1.7 % ( 17,000 websites ) run Drupal .
That means that almost as many popular bloggers use WordPress.com - hosted websites as use Drupal and Joomla combined .
This does n’t include people who have a custom installation of WordPress , only those with WordPress.com accounts !
Let ’s slice that number differently .
The graphs below show how many WordPress , Drupal and Joomla websites are dedicated blogs or news websites , compared to being straight CMS websites .
Percentage of most popular websites run on WordPress , Drupal and Joomla that are blogs or news - related .
Think about it .
If the content of a website determines its popularity , then websites that offer news or blog posts will make up a sizeable percentage of the top million websites .
A blogger or news provider understands by nature that content is more important than technology , so their ability to manipulate content will win out over “ technical ” features .
By plan or by luck , WordPress was designed from the ground up to meet the needs of the people who best understand how to communicate digitally .
It ’s also worth noting that many of the top blogs in the world are technology - related .
This is pretty relevant , because when websites such as SitePoint , Six Revisions and Smashing Magazine run on WordPress , their readers ( i.e. people who are interested in Web technology ) are more likely to use it , too .
This gives WordPress a huge amount of built - in credibility , as well as the potential for a statistically significant editorial bias .
Estimated market share of blogs and websites running on WordPress .
Based on the above estimates , approximately 87,000 popular blogs or news websites run on WordPress , and 58,000 of the top million non-blog websites run on it , too .
To say , then , that WordPress is just blogging software is naive .
Likewise , to say that WordPress is not blogging software is a bit disingenuous .
The reality is that WordPress is a very successful blogging platform , as well as the world ’s most successful CMS .
Three to five years ago , this might not have been true , but today no one could dispute it .
Going strictly by numbers , WordPress is more of a blogging platform than Joomla or Drupal are straight CMS ’ — meaning that more WordPress blogs are out there than there are Joomla and Drupal websites combined .
I mention this because some people insist that WordPress is not just blogging software .
But for 87,000 popular websites , it is .
Getting defensive about it would be silly .
It would be like Apple saying that the iPhone is n’t a phone .
It is a phone , even if it can be more than one .
And yet WordPress is also a CMS .
Remember that 58,000 websites in the top 1 million are not blogs or news websites but are powered by WordPress .
This means that , as a CMS , WordPress is 3.4 times as popular as Drupal , which means that anyone who says that WordPress is n’t a “ real ” CMS is smoking something strong .
WordPress ’ pedigree as blogging software is a key part of its success as a CMS , for the following reasons :
Blogging helped it focus on usability .
Designing a product to do a particular task is always more effective .
Drupal and Joomla have always wanted to be expandable .
WordPress has always wanted to be used by people .
Drupal does n’t even include a default WYSIWYG editor , because … um , why ?
It ’s not like doing it would be expensive or a lot of work .
It had a clearer business model than the others , and 8.7 % of the top communicators in the world could easily use it .
The platform gained instant credibility as soon as websites such as Engadget and Smashing Magazine started using it .
( And the point that is actually most important … )
Bloggers know content .
And the Web is all about content .
I ’m not saying whether this was by luck or by plan , but if your goal 10 years ago was to create a technology that would be used on as many websites in the world as possible , and you approached it with the mindset that the Internet is about content , then you ’d probably design the software around writers who are interested in the Internet .
In other words , bloggers .
If your goal 10 years ago was to create a Web technology that would “ take over the world , ” you might try to get your technology used by as many of the most influential technology - related websites as you could .
In other words , bloggers .
If your goal today was to build a technology based on the single most enduring theme in Web design of the past 15 years , that principle would probably be “ Content is king . ”
Savvy PR and marketing firms the world over are trying to figure out how to make their clients premier sources of information .
In other words , bloggers .
All that being said , I can appreciate why the WordPress community is trying to put less emphasis on its blogging pedigree .
But a stronger message about WordPress is out there , which is that other CMS ’ focus on the system , while WordPress is all about the content .
Wrapping Up
What this all boils down to is that content management systems perform a job for us , which is to manage content .
Drupal does this .
Joomla does this .
WordPress does this .
Judging by the market share of CMS ’ , WordPress just happens to do this very well and more often .
WordPress undeniably runs more websites out there than any other competitors on the block .
But I also meant it earlier when I said that , in most cases , any of the top three ( or even the top 20 ) CMS ’ out there will do the job admirably well .
Picking one CMS over another is usually determined more by the IT department ’s personal preference or by the core competency of the firm you are working with or by the platform of choice for peers in your industry .
This is a case study , and it shows that users will choose the tool that best solves their problem and gets the job done .
In this case , users are developers and content creators , and when they need to get things done , they want the tool that is right for the job , that is easiest to use and that gives them the best experience .
How Much Would You Pay for a $ 50 Target Gift Card ?
If your eBay user name is lpinok , then the answer is $ 55.71 .
This seems to defy all logic .
The item description is : “ Just a $ 50 gift card to Target … . ”
Why would anyone pay more than face value ?
( Hat tip : David Hansen )
I posted six months ago about a decision by a California court to require all parents homeschooling children to have teaching certifications .
Apparently , the news is still just getting around .
Some syndicated content recently hit some front pages and sparked a ton of really good debate about the role of government in education and the rights of parents to also have a say in how their children are taught .
The original ruling obviously went over the line , and suggested that the highest purpose of education was a purely civic one – that students should be molded in such a way that provides the greatest value to society ( whatever that means , and whoever gets to decide ) .
Anyway , a lot of this debate is kind of out of date :
As of Aug 8 , 2008 , the ruling has been reversed .
The judges agreed to re-hear the case , and their final decision was that they had unintentially set a higher burden for homeschool teachers than the law provided for private school teachers .
There is still some regulation and oversight , the teacher must sign an affirmation of the grade level , how many students are involved , attendance , and how the overall curriculum differs from its public school equivalents .
If a teacher / parent is caught fudging the numbers , they ’re vulnerable to prosecution for perjury .
I ’m glad the story about the California Court ’s initial ruling got out – but I ’m even more excited that the ruling has already been overturned .
A constituent recently sent me these statistics on housing that have been published by the Wellesley Institute .
One of the federal policies that Mayor Hazel McCallion is calling for is a national housing strategy .
Housing insecurity at record levels
One - in - four Canadian households pay 30 % or more of their income on housing – that ’s three million households , or close to eight million women , men and children .
Housing is the biggest expense for low , moderate and middle - income households ; housing costs over the past decade grew faster than inflation even though incomes were stagnant .
High housing costs are a key reason that 720,231 people across Canada lined up at food banks in March of 2007 .
In the early 1980s , more than 10 out of every 100 new homes in Canada were truly affordable .
By 2007 , less than one - in - one - hundred new homes were truly affordable .
Canada ’s rental vacancy rate has been below 3 % ( the danger zone ) since the year 2000 .
About The Author Alex Holt is a professional interactive designer and web developer who has worked successfully for a variety of clients in Australia , UK , USA and most recently …
More about Alex Holt …
jQuery and JavaScript Coding : Examples and Best Practices
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
When used correctly , jQuery can help you make your website more interactive , interesting and exciting .
This article will share some best practices and examples for using the popular Javascript framework to create unobtrusive , accessible DOM scripting effects .
When used correctly , jQuery can help you make your website more interactive , interesting and exciting .
This article will share some best practices and examples for using the popular Javascript framework to create unobtrusive , accessible DOM scripting effects .
The article will explore what constitutes best practices with regard to Javascript and , furthermore , why jQuery is a good choice of a framework to implement best practices .
You may want to take a look at the following newer posts :
1 . Why jQuery ?
j Query is ideal because it can create impressive animations and interactions .
jQuery is simple to understand and easy to use , which means the learning curve is small , while the possibilities are ( almost ) infinite .
Javascript and Best Practices
Javascript has long been the subject of many heated debates about whether it is possible to use it while still adhering to best practices regarding accessibility and standards compliance .
The answer to this question is still unresolved , however , the emergence of Javascript frameworks like jQuery has provided the necessary tools to create beautiful websites without having to worry ( as much ) about accessibility issues .
Obviously there are cases where a Javascript solution is not the best option .
The rule of thumb here is : use DOM scripting to enhance functionality , not create it .
Unobtrusive DOM Scripting
While the term “ DOM scripting ” really just refers to the use of scripts ( in this case , Javascripts ) to access the Document Object Model , it has widely become accepted as a way of describing what should really be called “ unobtrusive DOM scripting ” — basically , the art of adding Javascript to your page in such a way that if there were NO Javascript , the page would still work ( or at least degrade gracefully ) .
In the website world , our DOM scripting is done using Javascript .
The Bottom Line : Accessible , Degradable Content
The aim of any web producer , designer or developer is to create content that is accessible to the widest range of audience .
However , this has to be carefully balanced with design , interactivity and beauty .
Using the theories set out in this article , designers , developers and web producers will have the knowledge and understanding to use jQuery for DOM scripting in an accessible and degradable way ; maintaining content that is beautiful , functional AND accessible .
2. Unobtrusive DOM Scripting ?
In an ideal world , websites would have dynamic functionality AND effects that degrade well .
What does this mean ?
It would mean finding a way to include , say , a snazzy Javascript Web 2.0 animated sliding news ticker widget in a web page , while still ensuring that it fails gracefully if a visitor ’s browser ca n’t ( or wo n’t ) run Javascripts .
The theory behind this technique is quite simple : the ultimate aim is to use Javascript for non-invasive , “ behavioural ” elements of the page .
Javascript is used to add or enhance interactivity and effects .
The primary rules for DOM scripting follow .
Rule # 1 : Separate Javascript Functionality
Separate Javascript functionality into a “ behavioural layer , ” so that it is separate from and independent of ( X ) HTML and CSS .
( X) HTML is the markup , CSS the presentation and Javascript the behavioural layer .
This means storing ALL Javascript code in external script files and building pages that do not rely on Javascript to be usable .
For a demonstration , check out the following code snippets :
Bad markup :
Never include Javascript events as inline attributes .
This practice should be completely wiped from your mind .
< a onclick =" doSomething ( ) " href= " # " >
Click !</a>
Good markup :
All Javascript behaviours should be included in external script files and linked to the document with a < script > tag in the head of the page .
So , the anchor tag would appear like this :
< a href= " backuplink.html " class = " doSomething " >
Click !</a>
And the Javascript inside the myscript.js file would contain something like this :
... $ ( 'a.doSomething ').click ( function ( ) { //
Do something here !
alert ( ' You did something , woo hoo ! ' ) ; } ) ; ...
The .click ( ) method in jQuery allows us to easily attach a click event to the result (s ) of our selector .
So the code will select all of the < a > tags of class “ doSomething ” and attach a click event that will call the function .
In practice , this
In Rule # 2 there is a further demonstration of how a similar end can be achieved without inline Javascript code .
Rule # 2 : NEVER Depend on Javascript
To be truly unobtrusive , a developer should never rely on Javascript support to deliver content or information .
It ’s fine to use Javascript to enhance the information , make it prettier , or more interactive — but never assume the user ’s browser will have Javascript enabled .
This rule of thumb can in fact be applied to any third - party technology , such as Flash or Java .
If it ’s not built into every web browser ( and always enabled ) , then be sure that the page is still completely accessible and usable without it .
Bad markup :
The following snippet shows Javascript that might be used to display a “ Good morning ” ( or “ afternoon ” ) message on a site , depending on the time of day .
( Obviously this is a rudimentary example and would in fact probably be achieved in some server - side scripting language ) .
< script language= " javascript " > var now = new Date ( ) ; if( now.getHours ( ) < 12 ) document.write (' Good Morning !' ) ; else document .
write (' Good Afternoon ! ' ) ; </ script >
This inline script is bad because if the target browser has Javascript disabled , NOTHING will be rendered , leaving a gap in the page .
This is NOT graceful degradation .
The non-Javascript user is missing out on our welcome message .
Good markup :
A semantically correct and accessible way to implement this would require much simpler and more readable ( X ) HTML , like :
< p title= " Good Day Message " > Good Morning !</ p>
By including the “ title ” attribute , this paragraph can be selected in jQuery using a selector ( selectors are explained later in this article ) like the one in the following Javascript snippet :
var now = new Date ( ) ; if ( now.getHours ( ) >= 12 ) { var goodDay = $ ( ' p [ title = " Good Day Message " ] ' ) ; goodDay.text (' Good Afternoon ! ' ) ; }
The beauty here is that all the Javascript lives in an external script file and the page is rendered as standard ( X) HTML , which means that if the Javascript is n’t run , the page is still 100 % semantically pure ( X ) HTML — no Javascript cruft .
The only problem would be that in the afternoon , the page would still say “ Good morning . ”
However , this can be seen as an acceptable degradation .
Rule # 3 : Semantic and Accessible Markup Comes First
It is very important that the ( X ) HTML markup is semantically structured .
( While it is outside the scope of this article to explain why , see the links below for further reading on semantic markup . )
The general rule here is that if the page ’s markup is semantically structured , it should follow that it is also accessible to a wide range of devices .
This is not always true , though , but it is a good rule of thumb to get one started .
Semantic markup is important to unobtrusive DOM scripting because it shapes the path the developer will take to create the DOM scripted effect .
The FIRST step in building any jQuery - enhanced widget into a page is to write the markup and make sure that the markup is semantic .
Once this is achieved , the developer can then use jQuery to interact with the semantically correct markup ( leaving an ( X ) HTML document that is clean and readable , and separating the behavioural layer ) .
Terrible markup :
The following snippet shows a typical list of items and descriptions in a typical ( and terribly UNsemantic ) way .
< table > < tr> < td onclick = " doSomething ( ) ; " >
First Option </td > < td > First option description </ td > </tr > < tr> < td onclick = " doSomething ( ) ; " >
Second Option </td > < td > Second option description </ td > </tr > </table >
Bad markup :
The following snippet shows a typical list of items and descriptions in a more semantic way .
However , the inline Javascript is far from perfect .
< dl > < dt onclick = " doSomething ( ) ; " >
First Option </ dt > < dd> First option description </ dd > < dt onclick = " doSomething ( ) ; " >
Second Option </ dt > < dd> Second option description </ dd > </dl >
Good markup :
This snippet shows how the above list should be marked up .
Any interaction with Javascript would be attached at DOM load using jQuery , effectively removing all behavioural markup from the rendered ( X) HTML .
< dl id =" OptionList " > < dt > First Option </ dt > < dd > First option description </ dd > < dt> Second Option </ dt > < dd> Second option description </ dd > </dl >
The < id > of “ OptionList ” will enable us to target this particular definition list in jQuery using a selector — more on this later .
3. Understanding jQuery for Unobtrusive DOM Scripting
This section will explore three priceless tips and tricks for using jQuery to implement best practices and accessible effects .
Understanding Selectors : the Backbone of jQuery
The first step to unobtrusive DOM scripting ( at least in jQuery and Prototype ) is using selectors .
Selectors can ( amazingly ) select an element out of the DOM tree so that it can be manipulated in some way .
If you ’re familiar with CSS then you ’ll understand selectors in jQuery ; they ’re almost the same thing and use almost the same syntax .
j Query provides a special utility function to select elements .
It is called $ .
A set of very simple examples of jQuery selectors :
$ ( document ) ; // Activate jQuery for object $ ( ' #mydiv ' ) // Element with ID " mydiv " $ ( 'p.first ' ) //
P tags with class first .
$ ( ' p [ title = " Hello " ] ' ) //
P tags with title " Hello " $ ( ' p [ title^ = " H " ] ' ) //
P tags title starting with H
As we all know that Firefox is a fastest growing popular web browser .
There are lots of ease provided by the firefox and this is the main reason for its popularity .
There are lots of free download able extensions and add - ons available on the internet for firefox and there demands are increasing every day .
In this post , I am listing down 13 Amazing Firefox Add- Ons To Make Designers Lives Easier .
You are welcome to share if you know more amazing firefox add - ons that will save time which our readers / viewers may like .
IE Tab
This is a great tool for web developers , since you can easily see how your web page displayed in IE with just one click and then switch back to Firefox .
Style Sheet Chooser II
Style Sheet Chooser
II allows you to choose author - provided alternate style sheets for a web site , and have those choices be persisted for all pages on the same site .
Style Sheet Chooser II replaces Firefox ’s built - in style sheet switcher – its functionality is available via the [ View ] - >[ Page Style ] menu item , one - click stylesheet rotating Toolbar icon and Statusbar icon .
Icons can be switched on / off via Extension Preferences .
CSSViewer
A simple CSS property viewer .
Add CSSViewer in your toolbar to use it .
To enable / disable this , click the toolbar icon .
CSS validator
Validates a page using the W3C CSS Validator .
Adds an option to the right - click context menu and to the Tools menu to allow for easy validation of the CSS of the current page .
Opens the results in a new tab .
Will only work on pages that have a CSS file associated .
For example it will work with http://www.w3.org/ as the URL has a CSS file .
ColorZilla 2.0
With ColorZilla you can get a color reading from any point in your browser , quickly adjust this color and paste it into another program .
You can Zoom the page you are viewing and measure distances between any two points on the page .
The built - in palette browser allows choosing colors from pre-defined color sets and saving the most used colors in custom palettes .
DOM spying features allow getting various information about DOM elements quickly and easily .
FireShot 0.59
FireShot is a Firefox extension that creates screenshots of web pages .
Unlike other extensions , this plugin provides a set of editing and annotation tools , which let users quickly modify captures and insert text and graphical annotations .
Such functionality will be especially useful for web designers , testers and content reviewers .
It ’s possible to choose whether entire web page or only visible part of this page should be captured .
LinkChecker 0.6.3
Check the validity of links on any webpage .
With this add - on you can check if any link in the page is broken or not validated now .
Font Finder 0.5c
Simply highlight a single element ( e.g. a paragraph or a strong tag ) , right - click and select ` Font Finder` , then marvel as the full CSS text styling of the selected element appears .
LiveHTTPHeaders
The goal of this project is to adds information about the HTTP headers by adding a ‘ Headers ’ tab in ‘ View Page Info ’ of a web page and by adding a tool in the ‘ Tools - > Web Development ’ menu to be able to display http headers in real time ( while pages are being downloaded from the Internet .
This is also letting you edit request headers and replay an URL ( beta ) .
Look for the Replay button in the live window !
SearchStatus 1.26
Display the Google PageRank , Alexa rank and Compete ranking anywhere in your browser , along with fast keyword density analyser , keyword / nofollow highlighting , backward / related links , Alexa info and other SEO tools .
FireFTP
FireFTP is a free , secure , cross - platform FTP client for Mozilla Firefox which provides easy and intuitive access to FTP servers .
MeasureIt 0.3.8
Draw a ruler across any webpage to check the width , height , or alignment of page elements in pixels .
Html Validator 0.8.5.2
HTML Validator is a Mozilla extension that adds HTML validation inside Firefox and Mozilla .
The number of errors of a HTML page is seen on the form of an icon in the status bar when browsing .
The extension can validate the HTML sent by the server or the HTML in the memory ( after Ajax execution )
DIGG THIS
Those championing the bailout and its re-hatching are spreading a simple message , “ do n’t call it a Wall Street bailout . ”
Being vehemently against the bailout , I concur .
For the idea of aggregating the entire banking industry draws a misleading picture of the events taking place .
The aggregation treats the current crisis as if it were a violent storm beyond anyone ’s control .
F. A. Hayek decades ago addressed this problematic veil masking the real situation ,
“ The basis for this point of view is the conviction that the coarse structure of the economy can exhibit no regularities that are not results of the fine structure , and that those aggregates or mean values , which alone can be grasped statistically , give us no information about what takes place in the fine structure . ”
The coverage of the other week ’s post - bailout rejection crash completely ignored the finer points .
The central being , not all banks are in trouble .
When the Dow falls 700 , this tells us almost nothing regarding events on the ground .
What investors are really witnessing is an acceleration of the market process .
Weak banks expecting the bailout suffered and those who did not carelessly engage in reckless loans gained … extravagantly .
Here is a list of the day ’s big winners in the financials by one - day percentage increases :
BankAtlantic ( BBX )
247.37 %
Dearborn Bancorp ( DEAR )
78.50 %
LNB Bancorp ( LNBB )
49.86 %
BRT Realty Trust ( BRT )
36.17 %
The Bank Holdings ( TBHS )
34.41 %
First Federal Bankshares ( FFSX )
33.40 %
Ameriana Bancorp ( ASBI )
25.85 %
Origen Financial ( ORGN )
25.93 %
Penns Woods Bancorp ( PWOD )
20.35 %
As the major banks have frozen their lending , capital at lightning speeds is reallocating to productive areas .
Investors should not be asking , “ How do we make companies unwilling to lend open up ? ” Instead inquire , “ Where are the new leaders in the industry ? ”
How do we urgently expand and grow the financials which are already bursting with available loans and liquid assets .
This process takes place as capital quickly flows to those entrepreneurs successful in the market .
The recovery and future is already evident .
The market through the price mechanism reveals the way out .
Small banks who have made prudent decisions are grabbing fistfuls of market share and the giants are toppling down .
There exists no such thing as an entire financial or economic obliteration suggested by the doomsayers .
People have to invest their funds someplace .
The recovery hides not in a rescue package but in private prudent lending , innovation , entrepreneur - driven capital flows , and new leaders in finance .
The big financials are beyond hope at this point .
In developmental economics , students are taught a basic principle about entrepreneurship in intervention - laden markets :
If the profits from extorting taxpayer money are higher than the profits from honest entrepreneurship , actors will engage in such looting .
The incentive structure of the current economy rewards seeking payments from the government more so than finding private methods of restructuring .
If the banks spent more time accepting their reality and less time on the Congress bailout determining the future , the end of the financial crisis would come much quicker .
Investors should focus on smaller banks getting their gears into motion , the ones discerning the values of their uncertain portfolios rather than discerning the demeanor of their local congressman .
Do n’t look to the toppling monoliths .
With such a large bailout in front of them , their interests lay in the " Washington business " not the banking business .
Start over with what has worked for centuries , entrepreneurship and innovation coming from the most unexpected places .
Look to new financial leaders and scrap the old entirely .
The Best of Vedran Vuk
By Neal Boortz - September 19 , 2008
What in the world is going on here ?
You 've seen the headlines , and you heard of the failures and buyouts .
Lehman Brothers , Bear Stearns , Merrill Lynch , AIG ; all big names and all in big trouble .
Then those mysterious quasi - government agencies with names like Freddie and Fannie become wards of the state and you learn that you and your fellow taxpayers are potentially on the hook for tens of billions of dollars .
At the end of the week Washington Mutual is looking for a buyer , and you start to wonder about the security of your own bank and your own savings account .
Let 's change that ad copy to WaMu -- boo hoo .
Somewhere in the back of your mind you understand that this is all tied somehow to bad mortgages .
If you start reading a bit further to enhance your understanding you run into terms like Mortgage Backed Securities ( MBS ) and credit - default swaps , whatever in the world those are .
Read further and you find out that a combination of falling home prices and mortgage defaults have put many investment banks and other financial institutions in deep puddin ' .
All this reading , all this watching the talking heads on TV , and you still do n't really know what in the world is going on here .
Fear not .
I 'm here to help .
I know ...
I 'm just another talk show host ; but the fact is that when the stage was being set for the problems we 're seeing today I was making most of my money as a real estate lawyer .. closing loans for some of the very institutions that are the tank today .
This rather unique combination - closing lawyer and radio talk show host - gave me a front row seat to the politicization of mortgage loans that led us to today 's headlines .
OK .. so we all know that a lot of really bad real estate loans were made .
The political class would sure love for us to believe that the blame here rests squarely on " greedy " ( try to define that word ) mortgage brokers and lenders .
The truth is that most of the blame rests on political meddling in the credit decisions of these mortgage lenders .
Twenty years ago the buzz - word in the media was " redlining . "
Newspapers across the country were filled with hard - hitting investigative reports about evil and racist mortgage lenders refusing to make real estate loans to various minorities and to applicants who lived in lower - income neighborhoods .
There I was closing these loans in the afternoons , and in the mornings offering a counter - argument on the radio to these absurd " redlining " claims .
Frankly , the claims that evil mortgage lenders were systematically denying loans to blacks and other minorities were a lot sexier on the radio than my claims that when credit histories , job stability , loan - to - value ratios and income levels were considered there was no evident racial discrimination .
Political correctness won the day .
Washington made it clear to banks and other lending institutions that if they did not do something .. and fast .. to bring more minorities and low - income Americans into the world of home ownership there would be a heavy price to pay .
Congress set up processes ( Research the Community Redevelopment Act ) whereby community activist groups and organizers could effectively stop a bank 's efforts to grow if that bank did n't make loans to unqualified borrowers .
Enter , stage left , the " subprime " mortgage .
These lenders knew that a very high percentage of these loans would turn to garbage - but it was a price that had to be paid if the bank was to expand and grow .
We should note that among the community groups browbeating banks into making these bad loans was an outfit called ACORN .
There is one certain presidential candidate that did a lot of community organizing for ACORN .
I wo n't mention his name so as to avoid politicizing this column .
These garbage loans to unqualified borrowers were then bundled up and sold .
The expectation was that the loans would be eventually paid off when rising home values led some borrowers to access their equity through re-financing and others to sell and move on up the ladder .
Oops .
Right now this crisis is being sold to the American public by the left as evidence the failure of the free market and capitalism .
Not so .
What we 're seeing is the inevitable result of political interference in free market economics .
Acme bank did n't want to loan money to Joe Homebuyer because Joe had a spotty job history , owed too much money on his credit cards , and was n't all that good at making payments on time .
The politicians told Acme Bank to figure out a way to make that loan , because , after all , Joe is a bona - fide minority - American , or forget about opening that new branch office on the Southside .
The loan was made under politicial pressure ; the loan , with millions like it , failed - and now we are left to enjoy today 's headlines .
So ... why are n't you reading the whole story in the mainstream media ?
Come on , are you kidding me ?
Do you really expect the media to blame this mess on deadbeat borrowers and political interference in the free market when it is so easy to put the blame on greedy lenders and evil capitalists ?
Remember ... there 's an election going on .
One candidate is decidedly anti-capitalist .
Do the math .
Sutherland was sentenced at Kirkwall Sheriff Court
A woman who set off a major police investigation after falsely claiming she was raped by a stranger in Orkney , has been spared a custodial sentence .
Gayle Sutherland , 20 , claimed she had been raped on her way home through Kirkwall in December 2007 .
Extra officers from outside Orkney were drafted in .
However she later admitted she had made up the allegations .
Sutherland was sentenced to 300 hours of community service at Kirkwall Sheriff Court .
Sheriff Graeme Napier said Sutherland came across as a selfish young lady whose actions had had an insidious effect on the community , but that she deserved some credit for admitting her guilt .
Most were removed from the City the following year , and the last few were taken away after a large bomb left in a bin in Bishopsgate killed one man and injured 44 in April 1993 .
Breastfeeding
Is breastfeeding a form of birth control ?
Breastfeeding is n’t just a healthy way to feed your baby .
It can also be a form of birth control — but only done in a certain way .
How does breastfeeding prevent pregnancy ?
When you exclusively breastfeed — meaning you nurse at least every 4 hours during the day and every 6 hours at night , and feed your baby only breast milk — your body naturally stops ovulating .
You ca n’t get pregnant if you do n’t ovulate .
No ovulation means you wo n’t have your period , either .
That ’s why breastfeeding - as - birth control is also called the lactational amenorrhea method ( LAM ) .
“ Lactational ” refers to breastfeeding , and “ amenorrhea ” means not having your period .
How effective is breastfeeding as birth control ?
When you do it perfectly , the LAM birth control method can be about as effective as hormonal contraceptives ( like the pill ) .
About 2 out of 100 people who use breastfeeding as birth control get pregnant in the 6 months it can be used after a baby is born .
Breastfeeding wo n’t prevent pregnancy if you feed your baby anything other than breastmilk .
So if you breastfeed but also use formula , LAM is n’t a great birth control method for you .
It also does n’t work if you use a breast pump — you need to nurse your baby if you want your breastfeeding to prevent pregnancy .
It ’s important to remember that breastfeeding can only be used as birth control for the first 6 months of a baby ’s life , or until your period returns .
After that , breastfeeding is way less effective — especially as the baby begins to eat solid foods and sleeps longer at night .
Be ready to use another birth control method at 6 months , when your period returns , or if you start feeding your baby food or formula .
How do I start using breastfeeding as birth control ?
You can start using LAM as soon as your baby is born .
It may take a little while for you to get used to breastfeeding .
Lots of people need help in the beginning , especially if it ’s your first baby .
Most hospitals have people who can help .
And you can check out La Leche League for information , resources and support .
INDIANAPOLIS , Sept. 24 ( UPI ) --
A study of 30 black New York City men who have sex with men and women found they feared the consequences of disclosing their bisexuality , researchers say .
Indiana University sexual health expert Brian Dodge says that some of the men feared that their bisexuality disclosure put them at risk for physical and emotional harm .
Advertisement
The U.S. media have focused too much on moral issues surrounding black bisexual men who do not disclose their same - sex behaviors to female lovers , otherwise known as men " on the down low , " with this focus creating a stigma that interferes with effective public health strategies , Dodge said .
" The media and general public are obsessed with disclosure , but there is no evidence that disclosing leads to safer behaviors -- or , indeed , that not disclosing leads to riskier sexual behaviors , " Dodge said in a statement .
" What benefit do men have for disclosing their bisexuality in a society where positive support and affirming resources for bisexual men are all but non-existent , and negative stereotypes prevail ? "
The researchers suggest that broader social awareness and acceptance of male bisexuality is a necessary component of HIV prevention efforts targeted at men who have sex with both men and women .
The findings are published in the Archives of Sexual Behavior .
What could be more efficient for game programmers than by using a graphics engine that ’s able to create content on the fly ?
Enter ProFX . Continue reading to see more .
Click here for first picture in gallery .
Overview
Simply put , procedural generation creates content on the fly by only varying the textures and / or landscapes while keeping particular items the same in each frame .
This is so that they can be called upon in any order and cached as necessary .
This technology may not be new , but ProFX is one of the first game - oriented graphics engines to utilize procedural generation .
Video
It seems the US economy is n’t the only one feeling the pain , several countries around the world have fallen into that nightmare known as RECESSION .
Ireland was the first to go , followed closely by New Zealand .
It is feared that Germany , Spain and Britain are next .
So what actually is a recession ?
Well Wiki reckons its “ a significant decline in economic activity spread across the economy , lasting more than a few months , normally visible in real GDP , real income , employment , industrial production , and wholesale - retail sales . ”
Oh crap , that sounds bad !
So , I thought the Loon should keep a recession list score card so we can all follow the rapid decline of the world .
Here goes …
Whoops , there goes Iceland into bankruptcy .
Welcome Aboard the Recession Express UK !
Hello Singapore , grab a seat .
What took you so long USA ?
Not like you to be so goddamn tardy , considering you started this whole mess !
Make room guys , Germany is here … Ciao Italy ….mushi mushi Japan first recession in 7 years ( did you break a mirror ? ) .
Move aside people , Spain is coming through .
Oh boy their last recession was in 1993 ( so they should be pretty use to it by now ! ) .
Joey and I started making news posts in early 2008 , but we did n't have archives for them until now !
So I 'm going to repost here some of my old links here : Society in Decline : Intrastate Commerce - yet more evidence that the USA ( in general ) has done a better job holding on to great midcentury signage .
Year 2008 in Photographs - the Boston Globe 's The Big Picture has a three - part best of series , this is part one .
Foodpairing - teaches you how to combine your foods in new ways , AND it has suggestions for substitutions .
The Selby - beautiful photographs of beautiful people in their beautiful homes .
Like the best decor magazine you 've ever seen without all the ads for flooring .
Fr�li - the fruitiest beer I 've ever drunk .
Free Rice - show off your vocabulary AND feed people .
Corey Arnold - the coldest , loveliest photos you 'll ever see .
Ali Bosworth - a photographer who lived in Victoria when I was there .
Maybe the opposite of the above shots , Bosworth 's tend to be warm and drowsy .
Buddhist temple builds refuge from refuse by Chaiwat Subprasom , Reuters , Oct 20 , 2008 SISAKET , Thailand -- A Thai Buddhist temple has found an environmentally friendly way to reach nirvana , using discarded bottles to build everything on the premises from a crematorium to toilets .
The Wat Pa Maha Chedi Kaew temple , about 600 km ( 370 miles ) northeast of Bangkok , is better known as " Wat Lan Kuad " or " Temple of Million Bottles " because of the glittering from countless glass containers on the walls .
The temple first started using discarded bottles in 1984 to decorate the monks ' shelters .
This attracted more people to donate more bottles to build other buildings such as a pagoda , ceremony hall and toilets .
Bottle tops were also used to decorate murals .
Many bottles and tops are from alcohol containers even though alcohol consumption is a sin in Buddhism .
" The more bottles we get , the more buildings we make , " Abbot San Kataboonyo told Reuters .
Get That Coin Sis : Your Complete Guide on How to Get Paid as a Freelancer
In 2019 , 5.7 million Americans in the United States were freelancing full - time .
This number grows each year and freelancers now make 35 % of the U.S. workforce .
The number of freelancers in the world is even higher , which calls for easy , fast , and affordable payment methods .
If you ’re just starting out in freelancing , you need to research the payment methods available to you .
This will help you get paid faster , avoid high fees , and keep your clients happy .
Keep reading to learn how to get paid as a freelancer , find the best option for your business , and be your own boss .
Electronic Funds Transfer
This is one of the easiest and most affordable freelance payment methods for both parties .
The client transfers the money directly to the freelancer ’s bank account electronically , so there are no intermediaries or software taking a cut .
The transfer usually takes 2 - 5 business days , after which you can use or withdraw the money immediately .
For this method to work , you should talk to your bank and make sure they can accommodate these transfers .
PayPal
PayPal is the most popular method for receiving freelance payments because it ’s fast , easy , and free to set up .
However , it has its drawbacks in the form of high fees , freezing funds , and limited availability .
Before you start using PayPal for freelance work , make sure to understand how it works as well as the annual fees involved .
Use a pay stub maker to create paystubs for yourself so you keep track of your finances at all times .
Xoom ( A PayPal Product )
Xoom is an online payment processing system created by PayPal that lets you receive money from clients in minutes .
It works similarly to remote money transfer companies and you can receive the money in your bank account , pick them up in cash at partner locations , or have them delivered to your door .
It usually takes 2 - 3 business days for the money to arrive and the fees are manageable , making Xoom one of the best upcoming freelancer payment options .
Payoneer
Payoneer is the best payment method for freelancers from countries where PayPal is not available .
The payment processing period is quicker than PayPal and the transaction and currency exchange fees are lower .
You can receive money in multiple currencies and transfer them directly to your bank account .
You also get a Payoneer card that you can use as a regular debit card to make purchases .
TransferWise
TransferWise is an online payment system that companies use to pay freelancers globally .
The money travels from one account to the other , so there are no border - crossing fees .
On the other hand , TransferWise only transfers money in your country ’s official currency , and the exchange rate fees are mandatory .
Processing times vary depending on your country , but it typically takes 3 - 5 days to complete a transaction .
Now You Know How to Get Paid as a Freelancer
Now that you know how to get paid as a freelancer , it ’s time to up your game and start making money !
Before you start billing clients , make sure you choose the best payment method for your business so you can receive funds without obstacles .
Need more freelancing tips ?
Check out some of the other articles on our website where we share the best ways to make money online .
Nearly four of every 10 homes sold in metro
Denver in the past year sold at a loss compared with the amount owed on them .
And nearly a third of the area homes purchased since 2003 are worth less than what is owed on the mortgages , according to Zillow.com , an Internet provider of home valuations .
Foreclosures are a key reason why .
About 22 percent of homes sold in the metro area were in foreclosure , Zillow reports .
Denver tracks with the national averages , which show almost one - third of U.S. homeowners who bought in the last five years owe more on their mortgages than their properties are worth .
Second - quarter home prices nationally fell 9.9 percent from a year earlier , giving 29 percent of owners negative equity , said Zillow , the Seattle - based service that offers values on more than 80 million homes .
For those who bought at the 2006 peak of the housing market , 45 percent are now underwater , Zillow said .
Negative equity and declining prices contribute to the foreclosure rate because some homeowners do n’t have the cash to pay off the mortgage and end up surrendering their homes to the bank that holds the loan , said Stan Humphries , Zillow ’s vice president of data and analytics .
“ For homeowners who need to sell , this is a gravely serious situation , ” Humphries said .
“ It can also be harmful to communities where the number of unsold homes adds more to inventory and puts downward pressure on prices . ”
Almost one - quarter of U.S. homes sold in the past year were for a loss , Zillow said .
The highest percentages of homeowners with negative equity were in California .
Prices fell on a year - over - year basis in 140 of 165 markets , Zillow said .
Pittsburgh , Oklahoma City and Austin , Texas , were among the markets that saw rising home values , the company said .
The 9.9 percent decline in home values was the largest on a year - over - year basis in at least 12 years , Zillow said .
The median home price of $ 206,919 was the lowest since the fourth quarter of 2004 , the company said .
“ Sellers are starting to adjust their expectations , ” Zillow chief financial officer Spencer Rascoff said in a Bloomberg TV interview .
“ More sellers accepting a loss is actually a sign of optimism .
It means that the transactions might start happening .
There are so many sales contingent upon the buyer selling their home . ”
The Zillow Home Value Index is calculated using a weighted average of the median home value for each county , Zillow said .
Denver Post staff writer Aldo Svaldi contributed to this report .
The court with jurisdiction over patent appeals handed down a landmark ruling in the case of In Re Bilski on Thursday , rejecting an application for a patent on a " method for managing the consumption risk of a commodity . "
The application had previously been rejected by a patent examiner who had concluded that the patent " merely manipulates an abstract idea and solves a purely mathematical problem . "
The rejection was appealed , and eventually found its way to a panel of all 12 judges of the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit .
In a 9 - 3 decision , the court placed new limits on " business method " patents not tied to any particular machine or physical transformation of matter .
The Federal Circuit 's rejection of Bilksi's application is especially striking because in the quarter century the court has been in existence , it has been a consistent supporter of broader and stronger patent rights .
A series of decisions during the 1990s abandoned earlier restrictions on software and business method patents , creating the flood of new patents that we have covered extensively here at Ars .
Until recently , software patent critics have regarded the Federal Circuit as the primary villain on the patent scene .
Indeed , here at Ars we predicted that the Federal Circuit would do little more than tinker at the edges in its Bilski ruling .
While evidence has been mounting for a decade that software and business method problems were creating problems , courts are always reluctant to reverse their own precedents .
And some influential interest groups — including the patent bar and some large technology companies — have recently thrown their weight behind the patentability of software and business methods .
We did n't think the Federal Circuit would have the stomach to make major changes .
It seems we were too pessimistic .
While the Federal Circuit did not explicitly overturn its landmark State Street and Alappat decisions , it called the standard it articulated in State Street " inadequate " and announced that it would not rely on it in the future .
And not only did nine out of twelve judges endorse this position , but one of the dissenters would have gone further and invalidated business method patents altogether .
Judge Haldane Mayer wrote in dissent that " affording patent protection to business methods lacks constitutional and statutory support , serves to hinder rather than promote innovation , and usurps that which rightfully belongs in the public domain . "
While the Bilski case did not deal with software patents specifically , the decision will affect software patents because the two categories of patents are closely linked in the Federal Circuit 's jurisprudence .
The patent at issue in State Street was both a software patent and a business patent , and language in that decision has been used to justify both types of patents .
The court 's newfound skepticism about business method patents will almost certainly translate into increased scrutiny of software patents as well .
The Bilski decision , then , is a clear signal that the pendulum has begun to swing back toward tighter limits on software and business patents .
However , it remains to be seen how far the court will go in this direction .
Bilski was a relatively easy case .
The applicant made little effort to hide the fact that he was seeking to patent a mental process , something the Supreme Court has clearly said is not allowed .
Therefore , the Federal Circuit 's rejection of this patent does n't tell us how it will rule when confronted with software or business method patents that are tied more directly to a physical machine or a transformation of matter .
And indeed , the Federal Circuit reiterated that some software and business method patents are valid , so we are unlikely to return to the near - prohibition on such patents that prevailed until the early 1980s .
The decision could still be appealed to the Supreme Court , but it seems unlikely that the high court would hear it .
Its pattern in recent years has been to take cases in which the Federal Circuit had allowed more patenting , and unanimously overturn those rulings .
Now that the Federal Circuit itself seems to have gotten religion on the need to rein in promiscuous patenting , the Supreme Court may not feel the need to get involved any further .
Bloomberg
Cheers for a pariah
HIS movements were monitored by Republican organisers , and his supporters were muzzled at the Republican convention .
Michael Moore , a rabble - rousing lefty film - maker ?
A surrogate for Barack Obama ?
No : Ron Paul , a Republican congressman .
His campaign for restoring limited government did not win him the Republican nomination for president .
But it did earn him a legion of adoring fans who gathered for a huge counter - convention in Minneapolis , across the river from the official Republican convention in St Paul , in a 15,000 - seat basketball arena .
In the arena , the fans booed mentions of John McCain and George Bush .
But they boisterously cheered the names of Friedrich Hayek and Murray Rothbard , libertarian economists from decades past .
Any favourable mention of guns or the constitution won cheers ; but hard words for the Iraq war gained the biggest roars of approval , and speaker after speaker hit themes of personal responsibility and small government .
The movement has its dafter elements , too .
The Federal Reserve is a subject of intense hatred for Mr Paul and his fans , who want to disband it .
( The candidate prefers the gold standard , though he does not think the Fed can be got rid of immediately . )
There is heated fear of a “ North American Union ” between America , Canada and Mexico .
This was called for in a mostly forgotten paper by the Council on Foreign Relations , an independent think - tank , but is the subject of much conspiracy theory among those Paulites who think the council is a secret cabal .
The former candidate , perhaps surprisingly for a man who cannot walk freely around the Republican convention , still considers himself a member of the party : “ I 'm an old Republican , ” he says : a small - government conservative , not often seen these days .
The new Republicans , he seems confident , will come back to him .
Although the national party treats him like a pariah , he says individual congressmen around the country are seeking his supporters to survive in what looks like a bad year for Republicans .
But Mr Paul absolutely refuses to endorse Mr McCain , or Mr Obama , or even the Libertarian candidate , Bob Barr .
Another outfit without prospects , the Constitution Party , headed by Chuck Baldwin , is more obscure ; but Barr and Baldwin shirts can be seen around Mr Paul 's rally .
Mr Paul will not tell anyone how to vote .
Asked if he has left any mark on the Republican Party , he says he has n't read the platform .
Many of his supporters , however , expect to take it over eventually .
On a sunny May afternoon , teenagers dismissed from a Beverly Hills middle school gathered outside a restaurant four blocks away and gossiped about their friends .
Amid lots of giggling , the conversation among the eighth - graders touched on the prom and limousines but was dominated by an unflattering assessment of a girl at school , who was called a “ spoiled brat ” and a “ slut . ”
“ I do n’t hate her , it ’s just , I would n’t prefer to hang out with her for a million years , ” one girl declared .
“ She thinks she ’s so pretty , she ’s so spoiled , ” another stated .
Advertisement
What may have been just another typical middle school moment became a serious headache for school officials when one of the students uploaded the conversation as a video on YouTube.com .
Because of the Internet posting , Beverly Vista School officials found themselves grappling with their responsibility to ensure a student ’s well - being and the ambiguous limits of their authority on the Web .
Citing “ cyber - bullying ” concerns , school administrators suspended for two days the student who uploaded the video , without disciplining others in the recording .
The suspended student sued the school district in June in federal district court in Los Angeles , saying her free - speech rights were violated .
“ The speech for which plaintiff was punished was not ‘ student speech ’ at all and cannot be regulated or controlled by defendants , ” attorneys wrote in the suit .
Sarah Kaatz , a Monterey , Calif . - based attorney who represents and counsels school districts , said she receives two or three queries a month from confused and frustrated school administrators seeking legal advice on such matters .
Advertisement
“ School districts are between a rock and a hard place on this issue , ” Kaatz said .
In an Idaho case , for example , parents sued a school district over its failure to intervene in their daughter ’s harassment , which included , among other things , spreading photos and rumors on the Internet about the girl ’s sexual orientation .
The court sided with the school , saying officials did not have “ substantial control ” over the dissemination of the photos .
As computer , video and cellphone use among students has increased in recent years , so have allegations of cyber - bullying .
According to a survey released last year by the Pew Internet and American Life Project , one in three teenagers who use the Internet said they have experienced some form of online harassment .
Some experts have even called it a public health concern , with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention funding research on electronic aggression among young people .
Advertisement
The “ classic situation ” that many school districts face , Kaatz said , is teenagers using MySpace.com from their home computers to start a negative campaign against a fellow student , posting nasty comments , starting rumors or creating a fake profile page for the victim to spread false information .
One of the most notorious cases of alleged cyber - bullying occurred in Missouri and led a 13 - year - old girl to commit suicide .
In that case , however , the alleged tormentor was not another student but the mother of one who was posing as a 16 - year - old boy , authorities said .
Federal prosecutors in Los Angeles earlier this year filed criminal charges against the woman , Lori Drew , for using the Beverly Hills - based MySpace site “ to inflict emotional distress ” on the girl , causing her death .
In cases involving students , experts say , many of the conflicts are not much different than youngsters simply calling one another names outside school .
But the Web has catapulted such fights to a new dimension , where slander becomes far more public and can be forwarded and reproduced in a matter of seconds .
Advertisement
Tom Hutton , legal counsel for the National School Boards Assn. , said courts have generally held school officials to “ very high standards ” of proof in demonstrating whether they had a reason to assert their authority outside school .
He said school officials “ have to make a snap decision at times .
. . .
That ’s a very tricky calculus to make . ”
In the Beverly Vista case , in which attorneys for both sides are in the stage of filing motions , the friends had been out of school for about two hours when they talked about another girl at school , directing some profanity at the girl but making no threats .
The girl who recorded that conversation on her personal digital camera posted it on YouTube that evening .
The video was viewed by about 20 people , including the girl who was talked about in the recording , according to the lawsuit .
In an Instant Messenger chat , that girl told the one who posted the video to “ keep it up for now , ” court papers allege .
Advertisement
The next day , the girl and her mother went to the school ’s administrative office .
School officials summoned the student responsible for posting the video and demanded that she delete the video on the spot , saying she had humiliated the girl who was talked about , according to court documents .
Assistant Principal Cherryne Lue-sang , who is named in the suit as a defendant , suspended the student for two days .
None of the other teenagers in the video was disciplined .
Evan Cohen , attorney for the plaintiff , said school officials overstepped their authority in getting involved .
The YouTube video was not “ student speech ” because it happened off campus , attorneys wrote in the suit , which asks for monetary damages from the school officials and that the student ’s disciplinary record be expunged .
“ Unless there ’s substantial disruption of school business , it ’s none of their business , ” Cohen said .
Advertisement
Amy Lambert , director of pupil and special services for the Beverly Hills Unified School District , said the suit is the first for her district involving cyber - bullying .
She declined to discuss the lawsuit but said headaches involving sites such as YouTube are plaguing schools all around Los Angeles .
Posting on the Internet has become the modern equivalent of students marking up school walls , only far more public and potentially damaging , she said .
“ Something derogatory , bullying - like or hateful or sexually abusive -- anything you remember from your childhood -- is now being posted on the Internet , ” Lambert said .
--
Advertisement
victoria.kim@latimes.com
Pięć dolegliwości intymnych kobiet .
To one najczęściej zniechęcają do seksu !
Tens of thousand of furious British travelers were stranded Friday when the country 's third - largest tour operator went bust under pressure from high fuel prices and a sagging economy .
Anzeige
XL Leisure Group PLC went into administration overnight , saying it had been unable to secure more funding .
„ All flights operated by the companies have been immediately canceled and the aircraft grounded , “ said a statement on the company 's Web site .
XL Leisure 's brands included XL Airways UK , Excel Aviation Ltd. , Explorer House Ltd. , Aspire Holidays Ltd. , Freedom Flights Ltd. , Freedom Flights ( Aviation ) Ltd. , The Really Great Holiday Company PLC , Meddle Hotels Ltd. , Travel City Flights Ltd. , and Kosher Villa Holidays PLC .
Anzeige
Transport Secretary Ruth Kelly said officials were working to arrange transportation home for travelers who are now abroad .
At Gatwick Airport , people expecting to go on holidays arrived to find that XL 's aircraft were all grounded .
„ We did n't find out about it until we got here .
I 'm pretty annoyed , “ said Graham White , 27 , of London .
Anzeige
At Manchester airport , Joe Kerwin of Liverpool said no one had explained the situation to him .
„ I feel gutted and angry , but there 's nobody to direct it at , “ said Kerwin , who had expected to fly to Greece .
The Civil Aviation Authority ( CAA ) estimated there were 50,000 customers abroad who had booked through an XL tour operator , including 10,000 on holiday with XL Airways and 25,000 with other tour operators who shared the XL flights .
Anzeige
Some 200,000 customers had advance bookings with the XL tour operators , the CAA said .
XL Leisure reported an operating loss of 24 million pounds ( US $ 43 million ) in the last financial year .
XL offered flights from seven U.K. airports to destinations in the Mediterranean , the Caribbean and Florida .
Late last month , the company announced it would stop flying charters to Grenada , Tobago , St. Kitts , Antigua , Barbados and St. Lucia .
Straumur - Burdaras Investment Bank of Iceland , which had loaned money to the company for several years , said it had agreed to acquire XL 's subsidiaries in Germany and France .
Straumur - Burdaras said its exposure to XL amounted to Euro 45 million ( US$ 63 million ) .
„ It is not clear at this stage to what extent this may be recovered , “ the company said in a statement on its Web site .
The company and Britain 's Barclays Bank reportedly had been involved in negotiations aimed at keeping XL afloat .
Oh , we are in for a wild ride today .
Oddly , the reaction in Pacific rim stock markets seems comparatively subdued ( the Nikkei is down only 134 points , but the Hang Seng has fallen over 2 % ) , but the credit markets are stumbling badly .
Central banks are rushing to the rescue , but their efforts are n’t having much effect .
From Reuters :
Central banks across Asia scrambled on Friday to meet a desperate demand for cash , both in their own currencies and the U.S. dollar , as the White House ’s $ 700 billion bailout plan ran into unexpected roadblocks .
News of the biggest ever U.S. bank failure only added to the thirst for liquidity , with the government brokering a last - ditch purchase of thrift Washington Mutual
“ The market is just frozen at the moment , ” said Claudio Piron , a strategist at JPMorgan Chase Bank in Singapore .
“ We are at such a point of absent liquidity that prices are beginning to fail in their usefulness as a signal – this in itself is disturbing , ” Piron said .
Overnight dollar funds remained in a broad 2.5- 3.5 percent range in Asia , bankers in Singapore said .
Short - term lending rates in local currencies jumped with Singapore dollar overnight rates at 2 percent , their highest since end -January …
With commercial banks everywhere hoarding cash and reluctant to lend to each other , central banks were increasingly stepping in to fill the void .
The Reserve Bank of Australia ( RBA ) launched its first ever repurchase operation in U.S. dollars and all $ 10 billion on offer was hungrily snapped up at 3.165 percent , well above the minimum bid rate of 2.35 percent .
The RBA established a U.S. dollar swap line with the Federal Reserve earlier in the week , aimed at meeting strong demand for U.S. dollars during Asian trading hours .
In South Korea , the Finance Ministry said it would inject $ 10 billion or more into the local swap market until the middle of October to stave off persistent dollar funding shortages .
The RBA and the Bank of Japan also kept adding extra cash to their own banking systems on Friday , while Vietnam lifted the rate it pays on bank reserves to reduce the cost of borrowing .
Yet these sums paled into insignificance compared to the U.S. Federal Reserve ’s largesse .
Figures released late Thursday showed U.S. institutions borrowed from the Fed $ 188 billion per day on average in the latest week , almost four times the previous record .
“ This looks like the balance sheet of a central bank that is keeping the financial system on life support , ” said Michael Feroli , U.S. economist with JPMorgan in New York .
McCain declared Thursday that the Securities and Exchange Commission had turned “ our markets into a casino ” .
This begs the question — since McCain has long been a proponent of “ privatizing ” Social Security by investing its funds in the financial markets , does n’t that mean that he wanted to bet your retirement on a casino ?
If McCain had had his way , the current financial meltdown on Wall Street could have cost you the money you had saved all your life for your retirement .
Would n’t that have been lovely ?
In addition , if all that money from Social Security had been invested in financial markets , the current bubble ( and subsequent burst ) would have been much bigger .
So not only could you have lost all your saved money , but the economic melt - down could have been much worse .
It ’s a lose - lose situation — except , of course , for those investment bank CEO ’s who always seem to get their fat bonuses and golden parachutes ( and the lobbyists who used to work for them , and now work for McCain ) .
What makes this even more ironic is that McCain is no stranger to casinos , having admitted spending much of his younger days drinking and gambling .
He still does .
While in Las Vegas during the Republican primary , his aides had to stop him from playing craps .
The official T - Mobile G1 product service guide lists a handy feature comparison between the G1 , iPhone 3G and the Sprint Instinct .
The document also confirms the G1’s lack of Stereo Bluetooth , Video capture and Microsoft Exchange support .
The full product guide PDF can be found HERE
Bush will meet with congressional leaders on the financial crisis .
White House meeting may make or break bailout plan
Negotiations over Treasury ’s $ 700 billion rescue plan for the financial markets have reached a make - or - break stage , with bipartisan meetings Thursday morning on Capitol Hill among top lawmakers and an afternoon get - together at the White House featuring the two presidential candidates , Sens. John McCain and Barack Obama .
President Bush , in a televised address to the nation Wednesday night , warned that action is needed quickly and invited in his two would - be successors .
But the result is a highly charged , even dangerous political atmosphere that could jeopardize the progress already made by Treasury Secy .
Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke .
Advertisement
House and Senate Democrats say they are near a deal on legislation , but it ’s more among themselves at this point and faces uncertain support .
At the same time , Bush has acted as almost McCain ’s agent in setting up the White House meeting , which has been greeted with suspicion by the same committee chairmen the secretary needs to succeed .
“ We ’re trying to rescue the economy , not the McCain campaign , ” said House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank ( D. , Mass . ) , who has worked most closely with Paulson and Bernanke .
“ All of a sudden , now that we ’re on the verge to make a deal , John McCain airdrops himself in to help us make a deal ? ”
How close anyone is to a real bipartisan deal acceptable to Treasury is open to question .
But Frank and Senate Banking Committee Chairman Christopher Dodd ( D. , Conn . ) are slated to meet Thursday morning with their Republican counterparts on the two committees , and the two Democrats have an agreement among themselves of what they would like added to the Treasury proposal .
In an effort to broaden support , the draft Democratic measure includes new tax relief for smaller community banks who were hurt by the government takeover of the two mortgage finance giants , Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
And Democrats are pressing for a greater equity interest for taxpayers in companies helped by the Treasury plan .
Treasury is sure to resist some changes .
But Paulson has shown a greater openness to revisions in the plan to win needed votes .
Appearing before Frank ’s committee , the former Goldman Sachs CEO departed from his prepared text to embrace something his old colleagues in the financial markets hate : caps on pay and severance packages enjoyed by executives helped by the rescue .
And behind closed doors , Treasury is showing more — albeit reluctant — openness to phasing in the $ 700 billion Paulson wants over time to ease the concerns of lawmakers .
“ The $ 700 billion number is moving , ” Frank told Politico .
“ It will all be there if they need it , but it ’s phased . ”
But even as Paulson ran from one Capitol meeting to another , McCain announced he was suspending his campaign to come back and deal with negotiations in Washington .
He also called for Friday ’s first scheduled presidential debate to be delayed .
The Arizona senator ’s first target appeared to be Obama .
But Paulson could also be a casualty , since McCain said “ no consensus ” has developed to support Treasury ’s plan and he did not believe “ the plan on the table will pass as it currently stands . ”
“ I am calling on the president to convene a meeting with the leadership of both houses of Congress , including Sen. Obama and myself , ” said McCain .
“ It is time for both parties to come together to solve this problem . ”
Obama promptly rejected McCain ’s invitation to join him back in Congress .
“ What I think is important is that we do n’t suddenly infuse Capitol Hill with presidential politics , ” Obama said before cameras in Florida .
And in a shot at his rival , he suggested that suspending the campaigns was n’t needed for talks to be fruitful .
“ Presidents are going to have to deal with more than one thing at a time , ” Obama said .
“ It ’s not necessary for us to think that we can do only one thing and suspend everything else . ”
But after Bush issued his own invitation , Frank said he expected Obama to come to the meeting Thursday .
Asked about McCain ’s sudden interest , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid ( D - Nev. ) smiled wryly : “ With all due respect , we ’re doing just fine . ”
And the candidate ’s announcement surprised his fellow Republicans on the Financial Services Committee , where Frank and Paulson have in fact had some success in nurturing bipartisan talks in the panel .
The initial reaction of Alabama Rep. Spencer Bachus , the ranking Republican , was to point McCain away from the House and toward the Senate .
Florida Rep. Adam Putnam , a committee member and chairman of the party conference , was more tempered but said that McCain and Obama were most valuable in speaking to the need for action rather than getting into the legislative details .
“ It would be very helpful if McCain and Obama , together or separately , were to agree on the need for intervention , ” Putnam said .
“ That would depoliticize and therefore detoxify this environment and allow a consensus to move forward in a timely fashion . ”
On one level , McCain ’s presence — together with Bush ’s speech — is welcome political cover for Republican leaders such as Rep. John A. Boehner ( R - Ohio ) , the minority leader .
“ There is politics in everything we do , ” said Rep. Tom Davis ( R - Va . ) .
“ I think there is a lot of denial among members of both parties about what this really means .
So I think McCain can do a lot of things if he wants to .
I think Obama can do a lot of things if he wants to .
...
They can clearly have influence . ”
Putnam was pessimistic that any plan had the “ traction ” to win passage this week as once hoped .
And after meeting with Paulson and Boehner on Wednesday , House Speaker Nancy Pelosi ( D - Calif . ) left open the possibility that House action will now slip into next week , given the need for further adjustments .
“ We ’re going to get it right , ” Pelosi said .
“ We ’re going to do what we have to do .
We ’ll finish it when it ’s ready .
I would hope that it would be sooner rather than later . ”
But with the elections just weeks away , there is increased concern among Republicans that the issue can’t drag on much longer .
And if the fight spills into next week without resolution , -- or becomes more partisan because of presidential politics -- it could also sink Paulson ’s plan .
Asked if scaling back the package would win support , Boehner told Politico : “ We do n’t know yet . ”
Privately , leaders estimated that no more than 30 to 40 Republicans would support the package at this stage .
And the rebelliousness was well captured after Bush ’s speech , when Rep. Thaddeus McCotter ( R. , Mich . ) issued a statement asking , “ Who ’s giving the Republican response . ”
“ It ’s moving Wall Street ’s debt to Main Street .
That ’s a tremendous amount of money , ” Rep. Sam Graves ( R - Mo. ) said after Paulson addressed the party Wednesday morning .
The dark joke among Republicans is that the only reason they can grow their vote is that they have a growing number of members retiring this year .
“ The messaging has to be cleaner , ” Rep. Scott Garrett ( R - N.J. ) said of Paulson .
Never the best speaker , the Treasury secretary is prone to stumbling more now in describing what would be in any time a difficult topic .
As initially proposed , the Treasury plan called for Congress to approve the full $ 700 billion up front to maximize Paulson ’s leverage and send a strong signal to the markets that Washington would meet its commitment to help resolve the credit markets crunch , which threatens the larger economy .
At a Banking Committee hearing Tuesday , Sen. Charles Schumer ( D - N.Y. ) raised the possibility of Congress approving just $ 150 billion as a down payment toward the $ 700 billion goal — and Schumer argued that this would be enough to test the effectiveness of Treasury ’s strategy .
Paulson rejected the idea then as a “ grave mistake , ” and after meeting with the secretary Wednesday evening , Senate Democrats said there was still “ pushback . ”
But an administration official said Wednesday that it is an option — to help get votes — as long as the final package leaves enough room for his plan to be workable .
" There is conceptual agreement including I think with Treasury , people understand that it ’s not going to be a straight $ 700 billion , ” Frank said .
Democrats said Pelosi was now leaning toward this option as she tries to bring along her own caucus .
And Mark Zandi , the chief economist for Moody ’s Economy.com and someone respected by Frank , said that Congress could afford to scale back the $ 700 billion number or finance the plan in tranches without ruining its effectiveness .
“ I think that ’s a reasonable thing to do , ” Zandi told Politico .
He said there was no “ magic ” to the $ 700 billion figure — and in fact its very size had scared some in the private investment community .
And while it is important to have some psychological impact on the markets , Zandi said that “ it ’s a matter of judgment ” and that there was never a scientific rationale behind the higher number .
Release Notes for Rockbox 3.0 Introduction
About Rockbox
What 's new ?
Supported players
How to upgrade
Documentation
Known bugs Core Plugins
Credits
Rockbox 3.0 was released on September 23 , 2008 Introduction Rockbox 3.0 was released on September 23 , 2008 The Rockbox project is pleased to announce the immediate availability of Rockbox 3.0 .
This marks the first release of Rockbox since September 2005 .
Since then , Rockbox has changed significantly , but still remains a solid and audio - oriented firmware replacement for supported digital audio players .
3.0 is a significant improvement over 2.5 , particular in the amount of targets supported .
While work was underway to support the Iriver H120/H140/H320/H340 players when 2.5 was released , the code was not deemed fit for release , and hence this is the first release for these players .
In addition to these Iriver players , several others are supported - see the full list below .
The Rockbox project is pleased to announce the immediate availability of Rockbox 3.0 .
This marks the first release of Rockbox since September 2005 .
Since then , Rockbox has changed significantly , but still remains a solid and audio - oriented firmware replacement for supported digital audio players .
3.0 is a significant improvement over 2.5 , particular in the amount of targets supported .
While work was underway to support the Iriver H120/H140/H320/H340 players when 2.5 was released , the code was not deemed fit for release , and hence this is the first release for these players .
In addition to these Iriver players , several others are supported - see the full list below .
If you can't wait , hurry up to If you can't wait , hurry up to http://www.rockbox.org/download/
and get the release now !
If you 're curious about what 's changed , read on for a quick summary .
Enjoy Rockbox - we enjoy making it .
Enjoy Rockbox - we enjoy making it .
About Rockbox Rockbox is a complete replacement for the software that drives your digital audio players .
It was written from the ground up to provide a better experience than the existing software , giving you more options and putting you in charge of the player .
In most areas , Rockbox far surpasses the manufacturers firmware , truly unleashing the full potential of your hardware .
Rockbox is a complete replacement for the software that drives your digital audio players .
It was written from the ground up to provide a better experience than the existing software , giving you more options and putting you in charge of the player .
In most areas , Rockbox far surpasses the manufacturers firmware , truly unleashing the full potential of your hardware .
See See WhyRockbox for more details .
What 's new ?
Perhaps the most fundamental change to Rockbox is not obvious to the average user .
The first players supported by Rockbox decoded MP3 files using a chip specifically for this purpose .
This made things a lot simpler for Rockbox , but also limited the amount of formats supported to variants of MPEG audio .
Newer players do n't use this approach , and as such , it was needed to expand Rockbox to do sound decoding in software on these players .
This opens up the possibility of supporting a lot of different file formats , which is of course exactly what we did !
Perhaps the most fundamental change to Rockbox is not obvious to the average user .
The first players supported by Rockbox decoded MP3 files using a chip specifically for this purpose .
This made things a lot simpler for Rockbox , but also limited the amount of formats supported to variants of MPEG audio .
Newer players do n't use this approach , and as such , it was needed to expand Rockbox to do sound decoding in software on these players .
This opens up the possibility of supporting a lot of different file formats , which is of course exactly what we did !
Some new things since version 2.5 : A new tool to help simplify installation and removal of Rockbox , called RockboxUtility , is available for Windows , Mac OS X , and Linux .
Support for SWCODEC targets , with the ability to playback a multitude of codecs See the SoundCodecs page for all supported codecs .
See the MajorChanges page for an exhaustive list .
Some new things since version 2.5 :
Supported players Apple : 1st through 5.5th generation iPod , iPod Mini and 1st generation iPod Nano ( not the Shuffle , 2nd / 3rd gen Nano , Classic or Touch )
: 1st through 5.5th generation iPod , iPod Mini and 1st generation iPod Nano ( not the Shuffle , 2nd / 3rd gen Nano , Classic or Touch ) Archos : Jukebox 5000 , 6000 , Studio , Recorder , FM Recorder , Recorder V2 and Ondio
: Jukebox 5000 , 6000 , Studio , Recorder , FM Recorder , Recorder V2 and Ondio Cowon : iAudio X5 , X5V , X5L , M5 , and M5L
: iAudio X5 , X5V , X5L , M5 , and M5L iriver : H100 , H300 and H10 series
: H100 , H300 and H10 series Olympus : M: Robe 100
: M: Robe 100 SanDisk : Sansa c200 , e200 and e200 R series ( not the v2 models )
: Sansa c200 , e200 and e200 R series ( not the v2 models ) Toshiba : Gigabeat X and F series ( not the S series )
How to upgrade Note :
If you 've been using a build other than Rockbox 2.5 , some of these things may be slightly different .
Note :
If you 've been using a build other than Rockbox 2.5 , some of these things may be slightly different .
Before you upgrade , you should save your current settings to a file , as they will be reset to the default settings when installing Rockbox 3.0 .
This is done through the menu " Manage Settings > Save .cfg file " .
Before you upgrade , you should save your current settings to a file , as they will be reset to the default settings when installing Rockbox 3.0 .
This is done through the menu " Manage Settings > Save .cfg file " .
Using the Using the RockboxUtility is the easiest way to install Rockbox 3.0 .
Simply run the installer and follow the on -screen instructions .
Make sure you stop / eject / unmount the USB disk before you unplug it .
You can also download Rockbox 3.0 from http://www.rockbox.org/download/
If you need more help , or want to use Bootbox to be able to install Rockbox to flash memory on Archos players , see the Documentation section of this document for information on where to find help for doing this .
If you need more help , or want to use Bootbox to be able to install Rockbox to flash memory on Archos players , see the Documentation section of this document for information on where to find help for doing this .
Now load the settings you saved before upgrading .
This is done through the menu ( note the new location ) " Manage Settings > Browse .cfg files " .
Now load the settings you saved before upgrading .
This is done through the menu ( note the new location ) " Manage Settings > Browse .cfg files " .
Documentation Rockbox comes with an extensive manual , which can be found on Rockbox comes with an extensive manual , which can be found on the downloads page .
Please read it before asking questions in the support channels .
The PDF versions can be searched for keywords making it very easy to find the answer to your query or solution to your problem .
As well , the FAQs linked on the left side bar can be very helpful and make explain some behavior you are noticing but not expecting .
If you notice any errors in the manual , please report them to the tracker after reading the how - to at FlySprayHowto .
If you would like to contribute to the manual , please see the RockboxManual wiki page .
Known bugs
As much as we try to avoid it , some bugs have simply not been worked out yet , and are still present in Rockbox 3.0 .
This is not a complete list , but covers the most important , unresolved bugs .
As much as we try to avoid it , some bugs have simply not been worked out yet , and are still present in Rockbox 3.0 .
This is not a complete list , but covers the most important , unresolved bugs .
Core FS # 2660 - No radio on FM recorder
FS #4753 - USB
Bootloader
Mode not working properly
FS #5230 - Keypad HOLD does n't let go until scrolling is used
FS #5269 - Ca n't turn on iriver with the H300 non-LCD remote
FS #7220 - Recent Bookmarks screen delete current bookmark buttons
FS #7515 - Radio disappears from menu !
FS # 7572 - The radio scan forward and backward actions do n't stop
FS #7631 - Charging screen broken on V2 Recorder
FS #7672 - Volume gets louder then power cut .
Battery shows no charge , but is OK
FS #7960 - Shows ATA
Error instead of charging screen
FS # 8066 - End of voice clips are cut off when playback stopped
FS #8206 - Resuming playback from end of song after power on confuses playback
FS #8372 - Idle Poweroff only reboots on 1G iPod
FS #8386 - Problem when fast forwarding and then quickly changing track
FS #8391 - Mini 2G fails to dual boot
FS # 8660 - Recording hardlocks with keyclick enabled
FS #8745 - iPod 1G scrollwheel not enabled
FS #8802 - iPod does not charge via an AC -> USB adapter
FS # 8836 - Short pcmbuf_beep () ( AKA Keyclick ) does n't work properly on PortalPlayer targets
FS #8901 - iPod Mini will not boot with CF
FS #8933 - Sansa e280 stuck after swtich the playlist
FS #8999 - CPU stays boosted when skipping to the next track while buffering is still in progress
FS #9152 - No sound after seeking or directory skip
FS #9154 - " Playback Settings " menu entry is inconsistent with the others
FS #9167 - Current time is not voiced for a minute Plugins FS # 9383 - chessclock freezes on deleting a player
FS#9378 - metronome may freeze on coldfire - based players ( iriver H100 series and H300 series , and iaudio X5V , X5L , M5 , and M5L ) if you use a high bpm value
Credits Rockbox is a collaborative project with many contributors : Rockbox is a collaborative project with many contributors : Björn Stenberg , Linus Nielsen Feltzing , Andy Choi , Andrew Jamieson , Paul Suade , Joachim Schiffer , Daniel Stenberg , Alan Korr , Gary Czvitkovicz , Stuart Martin , Felix Arends , Ulf Ralberg , David Härdeman , Thomas Saeys , Grant Wier , Julien Labruyére , Nicolas Sauzede , Robert Hak , Dave Chapman , Stefan Meyer , Eric Linenberg , Tom Cvitan , Magnus Öman , Jerome Kuptz , Julien Boissinot , Nuutti Kotivuori , Heikki Hannikainen , Hardeep Sidhu , Markus Braun , Justin Heiner , Magnus Holmgren , Bill Napier , George Styles , Mats Lidell , Lee Marlow , Nate Nystrom , Nick Robinson , Chad Lockwood , John Pybus , Uwe Freese , Randy Wood , Gregory Haerr , Philipp Pertermann , Gilles Roux , Mark Hillebrand , Damien Teney , Andreas Zwirtes , Kjell Ericson , Jim Hagani , Ludovic Lange , Mike Holden , Simon Elén , Matthew P. OReilly , Christian Schönberger , Henrik Backe , Craig Sather , José Maria Garcia - Valdecasas Bernal , Stevie Oh , Jörg Hohensohn , Dave Jones , Thomas Paul Diffenbach , Roland Kletzing , Itai Shaked , Keith Hubbard , Benjamin Metzler , Frederic Dang Ngoc , Pierre Delore , Huw Smith , Garrett Derner , Barry McIntosh , Leslie Donaldson , Lee Pilgrim , Zakk Roberts , Francois Boucher , Matthias Wientapper , Brent Coutts , Jens Arnold , Gerald Vanbaren , Christi Scarborough , Steve Cundari , Mat Holton , Jan Gajdos , Antoine Cellerier , Brian King , Jiri Jurecek , Jacob Erlbeck , Jean - Philippe Bernardy , Dave Hooper , Jonas Häggqvist , Thom Johansen , Rinat Zakirov , Manuel Dejonghe , Marcoen Hirschberg , Michiel van der Kolk , Tony Motakis , Andy Young , Alexandre Bourget , Richard S. La Charité III , Christian Gmeiner , Tomas Salfischberger , Miika Pekkarinen , Tapio Karppinen , Richard Ottó O'Brien , Luca Burelli , Alessio Lenzi , David Bryant , Martin Arver , Alexander Spyridakis , Pedro Baltazar Vasconcelos , Ray Lambert , Dave Wiard , Pieter Bos , Konstantin Isakov , Bryan Vandyke , Hristo Kovachev , Sander Sweers , Antonius Hellman , Ryan Jackson , Per Holmäng , Frederic Devernay , José M. Fandiño , Gadi Cohen , Naftali Goldstein , David Dent , Frank Dischner , Liberman Shachar , Stephan Wezel , Alyssa Milburn , Kevin Ferrare , Anton Oleynikov , Mark Arigo , Magnus Westerlund , Jake Owen , Mustapha Senhaji , Adam Boot , Jonathan Gordon , Tat Tang , Toshihiko Itoh , David J. Song , Jeong Taek In , Anders Kagerin , Peter D'Hoye , Ben Basha , Brandon Low , Nathan Hand , Nick Lanham , Sebastian Henriksen , Martin Scarratt , Karl Kurbjun , Tomasz Malesinski , Andrew Pilley , Matt v.d .
Westhuizen , Tim Crist , Jvo Studer , Dan Everton , Imre Herceg , Seven Le Mesle , Craig Bachelor , Nikolaj Christensen , Mikael Magnusson , Dominik Wenger , Henrico Witvliet , Andrew Scott , Miguel A. Arévalo , Aaron F. Gonzalez , Aleksey Kozyulin , Jani Kinnunen , Rui Marinho , Alun Thomas , Nils Wallménius , Naoaki Okazaki , Will Dyson , Matthias Mohr , Christian Marg , Eli Sherer , Fredrik Öhrn , Nicolas Pennequin , Ralf Herz , Michael DiFebbo , David Rothenberger , Robert Keevil , Mark Bright , Dominik Riebeling , Alexander Bondar , Peter Cawley , Rani Hod , Tom Ross , Anton Romanov , Jean - Luc Ohl , Steve Bavin , Marianne Arnold , Gaetano Vocca , Frederik Vestre , Wenbin Leo , Tom Evans , Ewan Davies , Frédéric François , Marc - André Moreau , Ioannis Koutoulakis , Alistair Marshall , Karl Ove Hufthammer , Víctor Zabalza , Ulrich Pegelow , Andreas Mattsson , Daniel Ankers , Paul Louden , Rainer Sinsch , Plácido Revilla , Michael Sevakis , Lukas Sabota , Emanuel Zephir , Alexander Levin , Barry Wardell , Lars van de Klomp , Philippe Miossec , Jochen Kemnade , Corry Lazarowitz , Tom Meyer , Laurent Baum , James Teh , Liam Nattrass , Christian Hack , Wade Brown , Vadim Chekan , Christopher Borcsok , Victor Cardenas , Andrew Melville , Pengxuan Liu , Andrew Cupper , Thilo - Alexander Ginkel , Adam Gashlin , Robert Kukla , David Quesada , Jared Stafford , Martin Hensel , Stéphane Doyon , Austin Appel , Andre Smith , Travis Hyyppa , Ian Webber , Pavel Gnelitsa , Lutz Böhne , Will Robertson , Robert Carboneau , Ye Wei , Bryan Childs , Mike Schmitt , Chris Taylor , Tobias Langhoff , Steve Gotthardt , Greg White , Mattieu Favréaux , Malcolm Tyrrell , Piotr Jafiszow , Gary Allen , John BouAntoun , Tomasz Mon , Jakub Matou¨ek , Albert Veli , Chris Dohan , Takashi Obara , Rene Peinthor , Roan Horning , Ben Keroack , Sean Morrisey , Shay Green , Nick Vanderweit , Simon Menzel , Timo Horstschäfer , Jacco Koning , Chris Ham , Jose Ramon Garcia , Simon Descarpentries , Douglas Valentine , Jacob Gardner , Pascal Briehl , Denis Stanishevskiy , Eddy Coman , Luke Blaney , Mark Reiche , Michal Jevjak , Philippe Latulippe , Mauricio Peccorini , Nathan Hepting , Akio Idehara , Dagni McPhee , Alex Gerchanovsky , Gerhard Dirschl , Ivan Zupan , Alexander Papst , Christoph Reiter , Rhino Banga , Paul Jones , Michael Giacomelli , Alex Wenger , Andree Buschmann , Johnathon Mihalop , Rene Allkivi , Tobias Schladt , John Zhou , Charles Voelger , Gerritt Gonzales , Dieter Pellkofer , Evgeniy Kachalin , Lenny Koepsell , Harry Tu , Pawel Wysocki , Xinlu Huang , Daniel Dalton , Boris Gjenero , Sylvain Fourmanoit , Alex Parker , Mario Lang , Justin Foell , Igor Kuzmin , Adilson Vicente Xavier , Jesse Lockwood , Jonathan Backer , Sofian Babai , Costas Calamvokis , Catalin Patulea , Peter Harley , Max Kelley , Alexander Eickhoff , Pinitnun Shanasabang , Ken Fazzone , David Bishop , Hein- Pieter van Braam , Przemysław Hołubowski , Stepan Moskovchenko , John S. Gwynne , Brian J. Morey , Stijn Hisken , Bertrik Sikken , Karim Boucher , James Espinoza , Franz Rühmland , Jordan Anderson , Maurus Cuelenaere , Chris Allegretta , Alastair S , Martin Crkovský , Ariya Hidayat , Jonas Hurrelmann , Lee Kang Hyuk , Clemens Werther , Robert Menes , Henri Valta , Melba Sitjar , Mehmet Ş. Çatalbaş , Scott Tinman , Alexander Kuzmenkov , Thomas Martitz , Prakarn Sahasoontornvute , George Tamplaru , Apoorva Mahajan , Vuong Minh Hiep , Mateusz Kubica , Frank Gevaerts , Chelo Sacristán , Sascha Wolf , Nickolay Jordanov , Johannes Voggenthaler , Marc Guay , Alex Vanderpol , Jerry Lange , Yohann Misquitta , Keith Perri , Mark Fawcus , Ivan Pesic , Marcel Barbulescu , Phil Light , Rob Purchase , Andreas Müller , Christopher Williams , Martin Ritter , Justin Hannigan , Tomasz Wasilczyk , Kenjiro Arai , John Kaminar , Joris Goosen , Mark Ganson , Davide Gentile , James Vasile , Mohamed Tarek , Mike Burke , Michael Chicoine , Maciej Adamczak , Tomer Shalev , Thibaut Girka , Rasmus Ry , William Poetra Yoga Hadisoeseno , Adrian Osoianu , Martin Pahl , Ori Avtalion , Thomas Schott , Dennis Ivanov , Takumi Suzuki , Shunsuke Shimizu , Tadayuki Nishizono , Jun Gu , Daniel Weck , Clément Pit-Claudel , Jelle Geerts , Tadeusz Pyś , Rostislav Chekan, Florin Popescu , Volker Mische , Francisco Vila Björn Stenberg , Linus Nielsen Feltzing , Andy Choi , Andrew Jamieson , Paul Suade , Joachim Schiffer , Daniel Stenberg , Alan Korr , Gary Czvitkovicz , Stuart Martin , Felix Arends , Ulf Ralberg , David Härdeman , Thomas Saeys , Grant Wier , Julien Labruyére , Nicolas Sauzede , Robert Hak , Dave Chapman , Stefan Meyer , Eric Linenberg , Tom Cvitan , Magnus Öman , Jerome Kuptz , Julien Boissinot , Nuutti Kotivuori , Heikki Hannikainen , Hardeep Sidhu , Markus Braun , Justin Heiner , Magnus Holmgren , Bill Napier , George Styles , Mats Lidell , Lee Marlow , Nate Nystrom , Nick Robinson , Chad Lockwood , John Pybus , Uwe Freese , Randy Wood , Gregory Haerr , Philipp Pertermann , Gilles Roux , Mark Hillebrand , Damien Teney , Andreas Zwirtes , Kjell Ericson , Jim Hagani , Ludovic Lange , Mike Holden , Simon Elén , Matthew P. OReilly , Christian Schönberger , Henrik Backe , Craig Sather , José Maria Garcia - Valdecasas Bernal , Stevie Oh , Jörg Hohensohn , Dave Jones , Thomas Paul Diffenbach , Roland Kletzing , Itai Shaked , Keith Hubbard , Benjamin Metzler , Frederic Dang Ngoc , Pierre Delore , Huw Smith , Garrett Derner , Barry McIntosh , Leslie Donaldson , Lee Pilgrim , Zakk Roberts , Francois Boucher , Matthias Wientapper , Brent Coutts , Jens Arnold , Gerald Vanbaren , Christi Scarborough , Steve Cundari , Mat Holton , Jan Gajdos , Antoine Cellerier , Brian King , Jiri Jurecek , Jacob Erlbeck , Jean - Philippe Bernardy , Dave Hooper , Jonas Häggqvist , Thom Johansen , Rinat Zakirov , Manuel Dejonghe , Marcoen Hirschberg , Michiel van der Kolk , Tony Motakis , Andy Young , Alexandre Bourget , Richard S. La Charité III , Christian Gmeiner , Tomas Salfischberger , Miika Pekkarinen , Tapio Karppinen , Richard Ottó O'Brien , Luca Burelli , Alessio Lenzi , David Bryant , Martin Arver , Alexander Spyridakis , Pedro Baltazar Vasconcelos , Ray Lambert , Dave Wiard , Pieter Bos , Konstantin Isakov , Bryan Vandyke , Hristo Kovachev , Sander Sweers , Antonius Hellman , Ryan Jackson , Per Holmäng , Frederic Devernay , José M. Fandiño , Gadi Cohen , Naftali Goldstein , David Dent , Frank Dischner , Liberman Shachar , Stephan Wezel , Alyssa Milburn , Kevin Ferrare , Anton Oleynikov , Mark Arigo , Magnus Westerlund , Jake Owen , Mustapha Senhaji , Adam Boot , Jonathan Gordon , Tat Tang , Toshihiko Itoh , David J. Song , Jeong Taek In , Anders Kagerin , Peter D'Hoye , Ben Basha , Brandon Low , Nathan Hand , Nick Lanham , Sebastian Henriksen , Martin Scarratt , Karl Kurbjun , Tomasz Malesinski , Andrew Pilley , Matt v.d .
Westhuizen , Tim Crist , Jvo Studer , Dan Everton , Imre Herceg , Seven Le Mesle , Craig Bachelor , Nikolaj Christensen , Mikael Magnusson , Dominik Wenger , Henrico Witvliet , Andrew Scott , Miguel A. Arévalo , Aaron F. Gonzalez , Aleksey Kozyulin , Jani Kinnunen , Rui Marinho , Alun Thomas , Nils Wallménius , Naoaki Okazaki , Will Dyson , Matthias Mohr , Christian Marg , Eli Sherer , Fredrik Öhrn , Nicolas Pennequin , Ralf Herz , Michael DiFebbo , David Rothenberger , Robert Keevil , Mark Bright , Dominik Riebeling , Alexander Bondar , Peter Cawley , Rani Hod , Tom Ross , Anton Romanov , Jean - Luc Ohl , Steve Bavin , Marianne Arnold , Gaetano Vocca , Frederik Vestre , Wenbin Leo , Tom Evans , Ewan Davies , Frédéric François , Marc - André Moreau , Ioannis Koutoulakis , Alistair Marshall , Karl Ove Hufthammer , Víctor Zabalza , Ulrich Pegelow , Andreas Mattsson , Daniel Ankers , Paul Louden , Rainer Sinsch , Plácido Revilla , Michael Sevakis , Lukas Sabota , Emanuel Zephir , Alexander Levin , Barry Wardell , Lars van de Klomp , Philippe Miossec , Jochen Kemnade , Corry Lazarowitz , Tom Meyer , Laurent Baum , James Teh , Liam Nattrass , Christian Hack , Wade Brown , Vadim Chekan , Christopher Borcsok , Victor Cardenas , Andrew Melville , Pengxuan Liu , Andrew Cupper , Thilo - Alexander Ginkel , Adam Gashlin , Robert Kukla , David Quesada , Jared Stafford , Martin Hensel , Stéphane Doyon , Austin Appel , Andre Smith , Travis Hyyppa , Ian Webber , Pavel Gnelitsa , Lutz Böhne , Will Robertson , Robert Carboneau , Ye Wei , Bryan Childs , Mike Schmitt , Chris Taylor , Tobias Langhoff , Steve Gotthardt , Greg White , Mattieu Favréaux , Malcolm Tyrrell , Piotr Jafiszow , Gary Allen , John BouAntoun , Tomasz Mon , Jakub Matou¨ek , Albert Veli , Chris Dohan , Takashi Obara , Rene Peinthor , Roan Horning , Ben Keroack , Sean Morrisey , Shay Green , Nick Vanderweit , Simon Menzel , Timo Horstschäfer , Jacco Koning , Chris Ham , Jose Ramon Garcia , Simon Descarpentries , Douglas Valentine , Jacob Gardner , Pascal Briehl , Denis Stanishevskiy , Eddy Coman , Luke Blaney , Mark Reiche , Michal Jevjak , Philippe Latulippe , Mauricio Peccorini , Nathan Hepting , Akio Idehara , Dagni McPhee , Alex Gerchanovsky , Gerhard Dirschl , Ivan Zupan , Alexander Papst , Christoph Reiter , Rhino Banga , Paul Jones , Michael Giacomelli , Alex Wenger , Andree Buschmann , Johnathon Mihalop , Rene Allkivi , Tobias Schladt , John Zhou , Charles Voelger , Gerritt Gonzales , Dieter Pellkofer , Evgeniy Kachalin , Lenny Koepsell , Harry Tu , Pawel Wysocki , Xinlu Huang , Daniel Dalton , Boris Gjenero , Sylvain Fourmanoit , Alex Parker , Mario Lang , Justin Foell , Igor Kuzmin , Adilson Vicente Xavier , Jesse Lockwood , Jonathan Backer , Sofian Babai , Costas Calamvokis , Catalin Patulea , Peter Harley , Max Kelley , Alexander Eickhoff , Pinitnun Shanasabang , Ken Fazzone , David Bishop , Hein- Pieter van Braam , Przemysław Hołubowski , Stepan Moskovchenko , John S. Gwynne , Brian J. Morey , Stijn Hisken , Bertrik Sikken , Karim Boucher , James Espinoza , Franz Rühmland , Jordan Anderson , Maurus Cuelenaere , Chris Allegretta , Alastair S , Martin Crkovský , Ariya Hidayat , Jonas Hurrelmann , Lee Kang Hyuk , Clemens Werther , Robert Menes , Henri Valta , Melba Sitjar , Mehmet Ş. Çatalbaş , Scott Tinman , Alexander Kuzmenkov , Thomas Martitz , Prakarn Sahasoontornvute , George Tamplaru , Apoorva Mahajan , Vuong Minh Hiep , Mateusz Kubica , Frank Gevaerts , Chelo Sacristán , Sascha Wolf , Nickolay Jordanov , Johannes Voggenthaler , Marc Guay , Alex Vanderpol , Jerry Lange , Yohann Misquitta , Keith Perri , Mark Fawcus , Ivan Pesic , Marcel Barbulescu , Phil Light , Rob Purchase , Andreas Müller , Christopher Williams , Martin Ritter , Justin Hannigan , Tomasz Wasilczyk , Kenjiro Arai , John Kaminar , Joris Goosen , Mark Ganson , Davide Gentile , James Vasile , Mohamed Tarek , Mike Burke , Michael Chicoine , Maciej Adamczak , Tomer Shalev , Thibaut Girka , Rasmus Ry , William Poetra Yoga Hadisoeseno , Adrian Osoianu , Martin Pahl , Ori Avtalion , Thomas Schott , Dennis Ivanov , Takumi Suzuki , Shunsuke Shimizu , Tadayuki Nishizono , Jun Gu , Daniel Weck , Clément Pit-Claudel , Jelle Geerts , Tadeusz Pyś , Rostislav Chekan, Florin Popescu , Volker Mische , Francisco Vila
In additional to these direct contributors , Rockbox uses code from several other projects .
Without these , we could n't have done it , so we would like to thank the following teams :
In additional to these direct contributors , Rockbox uses code from several other projects .
Without these , we could n't have done it , so we would like to thank the following teams :
The libmad team , The wavpack team , The ffmpeg team , The Ogg Vorbis team , The liba52 team , The Speex team , The libfaad team , The Doom team , The gnuchess team , The gnuboy team , The Pacman Instructional Emulator team , The Spectemu team , The libmpeg2 team , The Game_Music_Emu team , The OpenSPC DSP emulator team , The ALAC decoder team , The UCL team , The iPod Linux team , The Vision - 8 Emulator team , The robotfindskitten team , The libmtp team , The asap team .
The libmad team ,
The wavpack team ,
The ffmpeg team , The Ogg Vorbis team , The liba52 team , The Speex team , The libfaad team , The Doom team , The gnuchess team , The gnuboy team , The Pacman Instructional Emulator team , The Spectemu team , The libmpeg2 team , The Game_Music_Emu team , The OpenSPC DSP emulator team , The ALAC decoder team , The UCL team , The iPod Linux team , The Vision - 8 Emulator team , The robotfindskitten team , The libmtp team , The asap team .
CategoryReleaseNotes : Rockbox 3.0 ( released 2008-09 - 23 ) Log In r16 - 19 Feb 2009 - 14:47:05 - NicolasPennequin Copyright © by the contributing authors .
WASHINGTON  National Republican officials have decided to withhold financial support from all but two closely contested Congressional races in New York , as the party braces for the possibility that it could lose several more House seats in the state .
The decision to abandon much of the state came after internal party polls showed Republican candidates in at least three once - promising races falling behind their Democratic opponents , a party official briefed on the internal deliberations said .
As a result , Republican leaders are diverting money to candidates in other races in which party officials believe they have a greater chance of success , the official said .
The decision by national Republicans to focus on a smaller group of races underscores the degree to which the party is on the defensive not only in New York but also in New Jersey , Connecticut and many other states .
The national party is short on cash and is being forced into the difficult position of deciding where to continue to fight  and where to effectively surrender  as the election enters the final days of campaigning .
Marijuana proponents take on state attorneys
Posted Thursday , September 18 , 2008 7:56 am
The Committee for Sensible Marijuana Policy , which supports a ballot referendum that would decriminalize possession of small amounts of pot , filed campaign finance complaints yesterday against organizations and individuals opposing their ballot question , including the Massachusetts District Attorney Association .
The complaints , filed with Office of Campaign and Political Finance and the Attorney General 's office , allege that opponents of the marijuana ballot question committed 14 infractions of fundraising laws and another violation of campaign laws by allegedly publishing false statements .
" I find it quite egregious that people whose sole job is to uphold the law chose to break the law for political campaign means , " said Whitney Taylor , the executive director of the pro-marijuana committee .
Taylor said that the Coalition for Safe Streets , a group opposed to Ballot Question 2 comprised of the state 's district attorneys , broke the law by accepting contributions and spending money prior to declaring itself a formal ballot question committee .
Article Continues After Advertisement
Although the safe - streets group filed papers on Sept. 5 to become a committee , records show the coalition received over $ 27,000 between July 18 and Sept.
5 . Ten of 12 contributions were from committees representing Massachusetts district attorneys , with each gift ranging from $ 2,200 - $ 2,500 .
Article Continues After These Ads
On Aug. 21 the Safe Streets campaign gave $ 21,000 to O'Neill and Associates , a Boston public relations firm , which was named in the complaint .
Jason Tait , a spokesman for the Office of Campaign and Political Finance , said that prior to spending or raising money a group must organize as a ballot question committee to comply with campaign finance laws .
When a committee violates the law the likely consequences would be a payment by a committee member to the state or a letter to the public outlining the violations committed , Tait said .
Middlesex District Attorney Gerry Leone said that the safe streets coalition engaged in no wrongdoing .
He did not expect any judgment against the group .
" The complaints are a weak ploy to derail the strong and determined opposition to ( ballot ) Question 2 , " Leone said following a press conference to publicize opposition to the marijuana ballot question .
Article Continues After Advertisement
The Coalition for Safe Streets said in a statement yesterday evening that it has been in close contact with the Campaign and Political Finance office and has followed its guidance throughout the campaign .
If passed by voters in November , Question 2 would make possession of an ounce or less or marijuana a civil rather than criminal violation that would carry a fine , but no threat of jail .
Supporters say the measure would help cities and towns focus on other , more serious offenses .
Yesterday afternoon , opponents of the measure , including district attorneys , religious leaders and police officers , gathered outside the Statehouse to repeat their opposition to the ballot question , warning that marijuana is a gateway drug to more serious addictions .
They said passing the measure will have troubling consequences for the state .
Claim : Barack Obama ’s education and house were paid for with money obtained from questionable sources .
FALSE
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , October 2008 ]
Written by a female Obama supporter who voted for him for president .
Written by a female Obama supporter who voted for him for president .
Legitimate Questions To All My Friends , this is every important , please take the time to read it .
This election has me very worried .
So many things to consider .
About a year ago I would have voted for Obama .
I have changed my mind three times since than .
I watch all the news channels , jumping from one to another .
I must say this drives my husband crazy .
But , I feel if you view MSNBC , CNN , and Fox News , you might get some middle ground to work with .
About six months ago , I started thinking ‘ where did the money come from for Obama ’ .
I have four daughters who went to College , and we were middle class , and money was tight .
We ( including my girls ) worked hard and there were lots of student loans .
I started looking into Obama ’s life .
Around 1979 Obama started college at Occidental in California .
He is very open about his two years at Occidental , he tried all kinds of drugs and was wasting his time but , even though he had a brilliant mind , did not apply himself to his studies .
‘ Barry ’ ( that was the name he used all his life ) during this time had two roommates , Muhammad Hasan Chandoo and Wahid Hamid , both from Pakistan .
During the summer of 1981 , after his second year in college , he made a ’ round the world ’ trip .
Stopping to see his mother in Indonesia , next Hyderabad in India , three weeks in Karachi , Pakistan where he stayed with his roommate ’s family , then off to Africa to visit his father ’s family .
My question – Where did he get the money for this trip ?
Nether I , nor any one of my children would have had money for a trip like this when they where in college .
When he came back he started school at Columbia University in New York .
It is at this time he wants everyone to call him Barack — not Barry .
Do you know what the tuition is at Columbia ?
It ’s not cheap ! to say the least .
Where did he get money for tuition ?
Student Loans ?
Maybe .
After Columbia , he went to Chicago to work as a Community Organizer for $ 12,000 a year .
Why Chicago ?
Why not New York ?
He was already living in New York .
By ‘ chance ’ he met Antoin ‘ Tony ’ Rezko , born in Aleppo Syria , and a real estate developer in Chicago .
Rezko has been convicted of fraud and bribery this year .
Rezko , was named ‘ Entrepreneur of the Decade ’ by the Arab - American Business and Professional Association ’ .
About two years later , Obama entered Harvard Law School .
Do you have any idea what tuition is for Harvard Law School ?
Where did he get the money for Law School ?
More student loans ?
After Law school , he went back to Chicago .
Rezko offered him a job , which he turned down .
But , he did take a job with Davis , Miner , Barnhill & Galland .
Guess what ?
They represented ‘ Rezar ’ which Rezko ’s firm .
Rezko was one of Obama ’s first major financial contributors when he ran for office in Chicago .
In 2003 , Rezko threw an early fundraiser for Obama which Chicago Tribune reporter David Mendelland claims was instrumental in providing Obama with ‘ seed money ’ for his U.S. Senate race .
In 2005 , Obama purchased a new home in Kenwoood District of Chicago for $ 1.65 million ( less than asking price ) .
With ALL those Student Loans –
Where did he get the money for the property ?
On the same day Rezko ’s wife , Rita , purchased the adjoining empty lot for full price .
The London Times reported that Nadhmi Auchi , an Iraqi - born Billionaire loaned Rezko $ 3.5 million three weeks before Obama ’s new home was purchased .
Obama met Nadhmi Auchi many times with Rezko .
All of the above information I got on line .
If you would like to check it – Wikipedia , encyclopedia , Barack Obama ; Tony Rezko ; Valerie Jarrett : Daily Times – Obama visited Pakistan in 1981 ; The Washington Times – September 7 , 2008 ; The Times May 10 , 2008 .
Now the BIG question –
If I found out all this information on my own , Why have n’t all of our ‘ intelligent ’ members of the press been reporting this ?
A phrase that keeps ringing in my ear – ‘ Beware of the enemy from within ’ !!!
Variations : Versions of this item circulated in 2012 were prefaced with an added line stating that it was “ written by a female Obama supporter who voted for him for president . ”
That statement is inaccurate , as this item originally appeared prior to the 2008 presidential election .
Origins :
The above - quoted piece combines a good deal of supposition and some elaborate conspiracy theory to question exactly where Senator Barack Obama obtained the money for his education and the purchase of a house in Chicago in 2005 .
The answers are fairly straightforward .
As both Barack Obama and his wife , Michelle , have noted many times , they paid for their educations via scholarships and student loans , in the process ( like many people ) incurring debts which were not fully paid off until many years later .
( In the Obamas ’ case , it was largely the revenue derived from Barack ’s pair of best - selling books that finally allowed them to retire their student loan debts . )
Likewise , the Obamas ’ financing of their house in Chicago was no mystery .
The couple experienced a significant jump in income from 2000 onwards ( largely from royalties on book sales ) , and they purchased their Chicago home in 2005 , a year in which their combined income was $ 1.6 million :
The Obamas ’ best financial year came in 2005 , when their total combined income was $ 1.6 million .
That included $ 1.2 million in author fees for Obama ’s best - selling books .
Michelle Obama ’s salary that year [ as vice president for community and external affairs at the University of Chicago Hospitals ] was $ 316,962 plus another $ 45,000 from TreeHouse Foods [ for whom she served a member of the board of directors ] .
The Obamas ’ best financial year came in 2005 , when their total combined income was That includedin author fees for Obama ’s best - selling books .
Michelle Obama ’s salary that year [ asfor community and external affairs at the University of Chicago Hospitals ] was $ 316,962 plus another $ 45,000 from TreeHouse Foods [ for whom she served a member of the board of directors ] .
The copies of the Obamas ’ federal tax returns made available on the Internet show that the couple had an adjusted gross income of $ 207,647 in 2004 , $ 1,655,106 in 2005 , and $ 983,826 in 2006 .
During the summer of 1981 , Barack Obama traveled to Indonesia to see his mother and half - sister and went on to visit Pakistan with a college friend .
( There is no evidence that , as claimed above , he also went “ off to Africa to visit his father ’s family ” on that same trip . )
Since Obama had relatives and friends to stay with during that time , his only major expense would have been airplane fare , and it ’s not much of a stretch to believe that cost could have been covered by contributions from relatives and earnings from various summer jobs he held before and during his time at Occidental College .
As for why Barack Obama went to work as a community organizer in Chicago rather than New York ( where he was currently living ) , he stated quite plainly in Dreams from My Father that he had made multiple efforts to find employment in that field without success and “ had all but given up on organizing ” when he received a job offer from Chicago - based social activist Jerry Kellman after responding to a help wanted ad in the New York Times .
It is true that Tony Rezko ’s wife , Rita Rezko , bought an undeveloped lot adjacent to the Obamas ’ home ( at a time when Tony Rezko was under investigation by U.S. attorneys ) and subsequently sold the Obamas a small portion of that lot , but ( as noted above ) the house was well within the Obamas ’ price range given their current income level and they would have required no help from the Rezkos ( or anyone else ) to afford it :
In June 2005 , Obama and Rezko purchased adjoining parcels in Kenwood .
The state ’s junior senator paid $ 1.65 million for a Georgian revival mansion , while Rezko paid $ 625,000 for the adjacent , undeveloped lot .
Both closed on their properties on the same day .
In June 2005 , Obama and Rezko purchased adjoining parcels in Kenwood .
The state ’s junior senator paidfor a Georgian revival mansion , while Rezko paid $ 625,000 for the adjacent , undeveloped lot .
Both closed on their properties on the same day .
In January [ 2006 ] , aiming to increase the size of his sideyard , Obama paid Rezko $ 104,500 for a strip of his land .
As Senator Obama explained to the Chicago Sun-Times , the timing of the real estate purchases was dictated by the seller , and the prices were based on current market conditions and competing offers for the properties :
Q : Have you or your wife ever done any legal work ever for Rezko or his companies ?
Q : Have you or your wife ever done any legal work ever for Rezko or his companies ?
A : No . Q : How do you explain the fact your family purchased your home the same day as Rita Rezko bought the property adjacent to yours ?
Was this a coordinated purchase ?
A : The sellers required the closing of both properties at the same time .
As they were moving out of town , they wished to conclude the sale of both properties simultaneously .
The lot was purchased first ; with the purchase of the house on the adjacent lot , the closings could proceed and did , on the same day , pursuant to the condition set by the sellers .
Q : Why is it that you were able to buy your parcel for $ 300,000 less than the asking price , and Rita Rezko paid full price ?
Who negotiated this end of the deal ?
Did whoever negotiated it have any contact with Rita and Tony Rezko or their Realtor or lawyer ?
A : Our agent negotiated only with the seller ’s agent .
As we understood it , the house had been listed for some time , for months , and our offer was one of two and , as we understood it , it was the best offer .
The original listed price was too high for the market at the time , and we understood that the sellers , who were anxious to move , were prepared to sell the house for what they paid for it , which is what they did .
We were not involved in the Rezko negotiation of the price for the adjacent lot .
It was our understanding that the owners had received , from another buyer , an offer for $ 625,000 and that therefore the Rezkos could not have offered or purchased that lot for less .
Last updated : 1 May 2012
Sources :
S.F. : Tool library intends to reopen someday
This goes with the piece on the S.F. Tool Lending library
This goes with the piece on the S.F. Tool Lending library Photo : Jonathan Curiel Photo : Jonathan Curiel Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close S.F. : Tool library intends to reopen someday 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
HERE'S THE DEAL
S.F. tool library closed for now :
At the height of its popularity , the San Francisco Tool Lending Library had thousands of people who relied on its supplies .
From regular hammers and saws to cable cutters , wheelbarrows and electric cement mixers , the library had it all for do - it - yourselfers looking to save a little money .
" Had " is the operative word - the library has been closed for about 1 1/2 years , prompting ChronicleWatch reader Beth Rader to wonder whether it is permanently shuttered .
" Hoping that you can investigate and find a way to resume a really great resource to San Francisco residents , " Rader e-mailed ChronicleWatch .
" Given the mayor 's commitment to cleaning and greening the city , an operative tool - lending library would support this effort .
Even with budget cuts , it seems that the city could encourage the reopening of the Tool Library - perhaps with low overhead space or suggesting a nominal fee schedule to use the tools .
Oakland and Berkeley have operative tool lending libraries , why not S.F. ? "
One reason : Oakland and Berkeley give financial support to their tool - lending libraries , while San Francisco does n't .
The city 's library is now under the aegis of the San Francisco Clean City Coalition , a nonprofit group that took it over from the San Francisco Public Library in 2004 when the city was cutting costs .
The coalition operated the library using grant money , but the money ran out .
Executive Director Gia Grant says the library will reopen as soon as the coalition finds the long - term funding - and the physical space - that 's needed to maintain the tool - lending program .
" Our intent is to reopen it , " Grant says .
When , exactly , is still to be determined .
Is something broken in your neighborhood ?
Call us at ( 415 ) 777-7170 , or e-mail us at chroniclewatch@sfchronicle.com .
Beyond Plumbing : The Many Professions of Mario
As ' Super Mario Bros . ' reaches its 35th anniversary , we look back at some of the many , many occupations of a humble plumber turned ... everything ?
Wednesday , 17 Sep , 2008 Environment
The palace of Egyptian Queen Cleopatra went under the waters of Mediterranean sea long time ago .
However , tourists visiting Alexandria will soon have the opportunity to admire the remnants of the palace through an underwater museum in the Egyptian city .
Photos are available here .
The museum 's site is located near the New Library of Alexandria , the place where scientists believe Cleopatra lived together with Marc Anthony .
This September , UNESCO , announced that it will send a team to determine whether it is possible to build such kind of museum .
If yes , people will be able to observe the treasures and monuments of Cleopatra 's palace .
It is worth mentioning that the Queen 's palace was built on an island , in one of the biggest man-made bays in the world , but it sank due to earthquakes that occurred from the 4th century AD onward .
The bay features lots of archaeological treasures lying under water .
Back in 1990s scientists discovered 26 sphinxes , statues featuring the gifts to the gods , Roman and Greeks shipwrecks and thousands of other objects .
The museum will also include remnants of the Pharos of Alexandria lighthouse , which is one of the 7 ancient wonders of the world .
Archaeologists managed to identify over 2,000 objects in the area where they consider the lighthouse once stood .
The museum is expected to be both inland and underwater .
The lead architect of feasibility study is Jacques Rougerie , who designed the museum with four tall glass structures all resembling the sails of fellucas , ancient sailboats that traveled along Nile .
" Those four points will be like the lighthouse of Alexandria that illuminated the library and the world .
I want to do the same thing with this museum , " said the architect .
The fiberglass tunnels will help viewers pass from the inland part of the museum to the one located underwater .
However , the bay has murky waters that could make the monuments difficult to see .
To solve this problem , the museum builders will most likely have to replace the water with an artificial lagoon .
" Try to picture a glass tube .
And you simply put it over the main monuments that we need to highlight .
It 's almost like putting each of these monuments in this tube , " said Amin , the Supreme Council expert .
In case the feasibility study determines that the underwater museum can be constructed safely , it will be built in 3 years .
There 's yet no data regarding the cost of the construction .
The concerns over the pressure of water on the walls are not high since the Alexandria bay is only 5 to 6 meters deep .
Source : National Geographic
Returning to our roots : Scientists claim they will grow tree - homes in a decade
Humans may one day be returning to the forests to live in ecological homes grown from tree roots .
Scientists from the U.S and Israel have proposed building the ingenious ' tree - homes ' in cities and towns as a way of saving the planet .
Using the advanced techniques of aeroponics , the green - fingered researchers are confident the first prototype home could be ready in just ten years .
Barking mad ?
Scientists claim this tree - home design could be reality in as little as 10 years
Aeroponics is the science of growing plants in an air or mist environment - without soil .
Some plants , such as orchids that grow on trees in tropical rainforests , grow this way naturally .
Plantware , the organisation behind the technology , said it has already enjoyed success creating bus - shelters , park benches and traffic lights using its unique growing techniques .
Each home would be constructed from actual tree roots to any design specification and come equipped with a host of eco-friendly features such as solar panels and wind - harvesting fans .
The homes , designed by researchers at Tel Aviv University and a branch of America 's M.I.T , would draw their power from clean energy sources and even convert human waste into valuable nutrients for the living trees .
It is hoped that by re-connecting with our natural environment , pollution and carbon footprints could become a thing of the past .
' The concept behind Plantware stems from my ground - breaking research at the University of Tel Aviv which yielded incredible results with tree roots that do not harden and become rigid but remain supple without breaking when they bend , ' Plantware chief Gordon Glaze said .
' The key to my discovery was my research in the area of aeroponics , which is like hydroponics where plant life is grown without soil . '
A vertical cross-section of a ' tree home ' , which would take advantage of the plant 's characteristics
Mr Glaze , 38 , together with his two partners Yael Stav , 35 and Yaniv Naftaly , 35 have spent the past ten years developing and perfecting the science of aeroponics to the stage where Gordon believes that real life ' tree - house ' could be possible within ten years .
' At a cellular level we can tell the tree how to grow to a template .
This means that we can now mass produce roots and trees in an industrial building level , like steel girders .
' We can create a living building material now that enables you to cast trees like they are cement , ' Glaze said .
Together with scientists at M.I.T. they have come up with designs that look like something out of Star Trek , but which technology has now made possible .
' Our ultimate aim is to build a house out of our trees from scratch
There are an incredible number of benefits that come with our tree homes .
For a start all heating bills will be reduced , because in the winter , when the deciduous trees leaves fall away , homes will have more heat .
' And in the summer , the leaves will provide not only shade but a cooling effect will come from the leaves , ' he said .
Mr Glaze said they would be ecologically responsible by matching tree - homes to their environment .
So British tree - dwellers would live in sturdy oak or willow homes and those in California could have giant American redwood pads .
Unfortunately , Mr Glaze said , at first the tree homes would prove to be prohibitively expensive to all but a few committed environmentalists .
In December 1941 , when I was 17 , the Germans turned Losice , the Polish town where I lived with my parents and younger brother Israel , into a ghetto .
The overcrowding was unbearable .
We could n't go out to buy wood or coal , and there was no medicine .
Any Jew caught outside was killed .
Three months later , I was taken to a labour camp 30 miles away .
We had very little food and slept in unheated barracks .
We got sick with colds , fevers , sores and lice .
After 23 days , I escaped with a friend , Michael Rak .
We hid in a barn during the day and at night we made our way home .
The Jewish police came for me , but I was in hiding , so they arrested my mother .
My father was afraid I would be killed , so he went in my place .
In August the following year , the Germans surrounded the ghetto .
We had to assemble in the square .
There were wagons waiting .
They told the women and children to climb on board and made the rest of us line up in rows .
It was chaos .
The SS took some people off the wagons and shot them .
When the wagons left , they told us to start marching .
They were shooting at us to make us go faster .
I saw my mother following one of the wagons ; I never saw her again .
We reached a freight rail station on Sunday .
Everybody was begging for water .
Some people were screaming , so they killed them .
On Monday morning , a train arrived and they pushed us into the cattle cars .
Israel and I stationed ourselves near an air vent but the car quickly filled up and people were fainting .
We realised we would die and reacted in the only way possible : we pushed ourselves up on other people 's heads and managed to get out .
I do n't know how .
The SS realised they could n't push more people in , so they added more cars .
My brother and I were in one of them .
The train stopped after about three hours .
The name of the station was Treblinka .
We knew this was our final destination , but we could never have imagined what they would do to us there .
We could see a water pump , and people were breaking open the little windows and jumping , trying to get water .
Every one was shot .
They were sorting people and taking them to a large building .
We had no idea what it was or why hardly anyone was coming out .
We did n't know they were being gassed .
They told us to pull the dead bodies out of the cattle cars .
We worked all night .
By morning , there was no more room for the dead , so they dug three large pits .
I was queueing to get water when one of the SS men shot me .
My knees buckled and I collapsed in a puddle of blood .
The bullet went right through me , four inches from my underarm .
Israel cleaned me up but I was begging him to call the SS man to finish me off .
He hid me among the packages in the building where the clothes were kept .
He said he was going to get water , but he never came back .
He was 16 .
I do n't even have a photograph of him .
After three days , I sneaked out .
I could n't move my hand , but the injury was n't permanent .
Seven boys from my town were still alive and I joined their group , sorting clothes .
The things I saw still haunt me .
A dozen infants waiting next to a pit of burning bodies while the SS man went for his lunch .
A woman who was too sick to stand being taken to the " hospital " .
The hospital was a big pit , where all the rubbish was on fire .
The sick and wounded were taken there , shot and thrown in .
On September 10 , an empty train arrived .
One of the boys loading it , Lejzer Mordsky , was from my town .
He let me in , along with my friend Gedale Rosenzwejg and another boy from Losice , Michael Fishman .
They buried us in a pile of coats , then stuffed the carriage with more clothing .
The SS checked the train was full , locked the doors and left .
About 20 miles down the road , we broke the windows and jumped .
Somehow we got back to our town , where they had made a second ghetto .
Nobody believed us when we told them what was happening in Treblinka .
My father escaped from the labour camp two weeks later , and we went into hiding .
I joined the Polish army after the Russians liberated us ; in January 1945 I was on the frontline .
Fewer than 100 survived Treblinka .
I am the last one .
The will to live is stronger than anything else ; I never gave up .
Maybe I 'm meant to be alive to tell the story .
This is the last generation to hear first - hand from survivors .
In 10 years , there wo n't be any of us left .
People should know what happened to us .
· Do you have an experience to share ?
Email : experience@theguardian.com
Welcome to the Grenadier website
Easily explore the complete Grenadier collection .
From our award - winning Grenadier Electric Firelighter to the world 's finest Italian wood fired pizza ovens handmade by Alfa , we have a great range of products to enhance your living areas .
Please let us know if you have any comments or suggestions on our contact page .
The Grenadier Electric Firelighter is guaranteed to light any solid fuel fire , including wood , coal and smokeless fuel within minutes .
Its secret lies in its powerful , concentrated heat which is directed onto the fuel by the built - in fan .
Say goodbye to chemical firelighters , matches and kindling with the best fire lighter on the market .
View our products
Team Madonna launches a curve ball as Rocco Ritchie wears a shirt declaring his support for A - Rod 's baseball team
Stuck in the middle : Rocco Ritchie wears a T - shirt supporting Alex Rodriguez 's New York Yankees team while out in the Big Apple yesterday
Do n't look now , Guy Ritchie .
Madonna 's son Rocco was spotted at a New York play centre wearing a navy Yankees T - shirt - the baseball team of Madonna 's rumoured new love interest Alex Rodriguez .
The 8 - year - old was accompanied by his mother , sister Lourdes , 12 , and a huge security team at the Chelsea Piers Gym yesterday .
The outfit appears to be the latest missile from Team Madonna in what is shaping up to be an acrimonious divorce .
Since the couple confirmed they were divorcing last Wednesday , friends and family members from both sides have traded barbs in the press .
But now it seems not even the children are exempt from this bitter split .
Rodriguez , 33 , is likely to be an increasingly present figure in Madonna 's family life .
He is apparently weeks away from buying a Manhattan penthouse , worth an estimated £ 40 million , just two blocks away from the 50 - year - old 's apartment .
' Alex knows that this is a difficult time for Madonna , especially as she has children , ' a source said .
On guard : Madonna arrived at the Chelsea Piers Gym with her children and a huge security team
Child 's play : Lourdes and Rocco enjoyed a day of fun despite their parent 's turmoil
Yankee : Madonna 's rumoured new love interest Alex Rodriguez
' So he thought this was the best way to be close to her without being too intrusive .
He is completely into her and willing to be patient while she sorts everything out .
' All he cares about is just being close to her . '
Madonna and Rodriguez are expected to go public with their feelings for one another in the coming months .
The Daily Mail has learned that she is hoping to enlarge her family with the sportsman , known in the U.S. as A - Rod .
Sources say she is hoping to have a natural child with Rodriguez , despite her age .
A a friend said : ' She thinks he 's physically a great specimen .
And if she is going to have another child , he would be the ideal man to bring one to her . '
[ digg- reddit- me ]
Like a lot of people , I ’ve been struggling to understand this financial crisis over the past few weeks .
I do n’t pretend to be an economic expert – I ’ve always been more interested in foreign policy , politics and history – but the issue of this crisis is obviously so important , it seems that it is everyone ’s responsibility to find out what went on , what caused this .
I also feel that this is an issue which is confusing our politics , our partisan impulses .
Both the right and the left have many reasons to hate the bailout – yet the pragmatists on both sides agree that something must be done .
Everyone is angry .
Very few predicted this .
I only came across a few who prominently warned about a crisis such as this – subscribers to the Austrian school of economics such as Ron Paul ; liberal capitalists such as Warren Buffet and George Soros ; and economists like Nassim Nicholas Taleb .
This crisis has succeeded in confusing ideological categories – which is probably part of the reason it has spwarned so many interesting and non-ideological takes , as people struggle to understand these momentous events in terms they are familiar with .
( Here ’s one ingenious example . )
On the whole , Republican politicians instinctively trusted the market and although some attempted to reign in Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , they saw no imminent threat to the financial system .
A few Democrats saw the need for more oversight to prevent excessive risk - taking that might endanger the financial system ; many more Democrats ( especially as the party in Washington is dominated by neo- liberals ) , did n’t see the profit in warning of an unknowable future catastrophe .
Those financial firms whose main purpose was to minimize risk and maximize profit accomplished this by reducing the risk of any individual transaction while placing greater and greater stress on the system – trading many small risks for a giant catastrophic risk .
But theyse firms did n’t know this because the entire system was opaque and oversight was minimal .
As long as things were going well , there was no reason to figure out what was going on .
Now , here we are today .
I do n’t pretend to understand the cause or the cure of this crisis .
But here are 10 things I ’ve learned , 10 things worth sharing , in my attempts to figure out what ’s going on :
The “ real ” Great Depression of 1873 : “ [ T ] he current economic woes look a lot like what my 96 - year - old grandmother still calls ‘ the real Great Depression . ’
She pinched pennies in the 1930s , but she says that times were not nearly so bad as the depression her grandparents went through .
That crash came in 1873 and lasted more than four years .
It looks much more like our current crisis . ”
This depression also featured mortgage issues , a housing bubble , an emerging economy undercutting global prices ( America instead of China ) , amd a lack of transparency leading banks to refrain from lending .
From Scott Reynolds Nelson in the Chronicle of Higher Education .
The Martingale .
Wall Street fell for a 400 year old sucker bet , the martingale .
You always win in this betting game – as long as you can cover your losses .
But once your losses are too great , this “ double - or - nothing ” game leads to catastrophe .
The formula to understand this is simplified as :
( 0.99 ) x ( $ 100 ) + ( 0.01 ) x ( catastrophic outcome ) = 0
In other words , playing for $ 100 , there is a 99 % chance that you will make at least $ 100 dollars playing this game .
But there is a 1 % chance of a catastrophic outcome .
If you never stop betting , the catastrophic outcome is inevitable .
April 28 , 2004 .
Stephen Labaton of the New York Times examines the SEC decision to relax regulations and create an exemption for the biggest investment banks ( those with assets over $ 5 billion ) that would allow them increase their leverage ratio , and borrow as much as 33 times their assets as Bear Stearns did .
This made the big investment banks especially susceptible to any downturns , as if their overall investments declined by even 3 % , they would lose all their assets .
Goldman Sachs always wins .
David Weidner of MarketWatch explains how Goldman Sachs looks to come out of this crisis stronger – and why their political connections had nothing to do with it .
( Really .
It ’s just a coincidence that their main competitors have been ruined , the institution they relied on most was bailed out , and the Treasury Secretary is a former CEO . )
Financial Interdependence .
Which means that if one bank trips , the entire financial system falls down .
Why ?
Because the key innovations of the past thirty years in the financial markets have been geared towards reducing risk .
Often this was accomplished by spreading risk among many actors .
An investor would borrow money to invest in some security ; to hedge in case the investment went south , an investor would buy insurance ; to hedge against the insurance company not being able to pay , they would purchase a credit default swap .
Mark Buchanan described in a New York Times editorial how some economists had begun to create models of markets which projected the actions of many agents acting independently .
As the economists allowed greater interdependence in these models : “ The instability does n’t grow in the market gradually , but arrives suddenly .
Beyond a certain threshold the virtual market abruptly loses its stability in a ‘ phase transition ’ akin to the way ice abruptly melts into liquid water .
Beyond this point , collective financial meltdown becomes effectively certain .
This is the kind of possibility that equilibrium thinking cannot even entertain . ”
The American System .
The American economic system is not and has never been pure capitalism .
As Robert J. Schiller wrote :
No , our economy is not a shining example of pure unfettered market forces .
It never has been .
In his farewell address back in 1796 , 20 years after the publication of Adam Smith ’s “ The Wealth of Nations , ” George Washington defined the new republic ’s own distinctive national economic sensibility : “ Our commercial policy should hold an equal and impartial hand ; neither seeking nor granting exclusive favors or preferences ; consulting the natural course of things ; diffusing and diversifying by gentle means the streams of commerce , but forcing nothing . ”
From the outset , Washington envisioned some government involvement in the commercial system , even as he recognized that commerce should belong to the people .
Capitalism is not really the best word to describe this arrangement .
( The term was coined in the late 19th century as a way to describe the ideological opposite of communism . )
Some decades later , people began to use a better term , “ the American system , ” in which the government involved itself in the economy primarily to develop what we would now call infrastructure — highways , canals , railroads — but otherwise let economic liberty prevail .
I prefer to call this spectacularly successful arrangement “ financial democracy ” — a largely free system in which the U.S. government ’s role is to help citizens achieve their best potential , using all the economic weapons that our financial arsenal can provide .
Americans may assume that the basics of capitalism have been firmly established here since time immemorial , but historical cataclysms such as the Great Depression strongly suggest otherwise .
Simply put , capitalism evolves .
And we need to understand its trajectory if we are to bring our economic system into greater accord with the other great source of American strength : the best principles of our democracy .
The Shadow Banking System .
Existing alongside the regulated banking system is what is called a shadow financial system – including money market accounts , hedge funds , investment banks , and countless other financial creatures .
This system was invented in order to avoid government regulation of various sorts .
This crisis has been mainly but certainly not exclusively in this shadow system – and those regulated banks have been the big winners in all of this ( aside from Goldman Sachs . )
Even the remaining independent investment banks – Goldman Sachs and Morgan Stanley have chosen to be subject to greater regulation .
Nouri Roubini speaking at the Council on Foreign Relations explained that the shadow banking system is on the verge of collapse because of their lack of transparency and because they took risks they would not have been able to if they were subject to regulation .
Market Fundamentalism .
I am a person suspicious of fundamentalism of any kind – and perhaps that makes me more prone to see reflections of the true believers in Communism during the collapse of the Soviet Union in the true believers in capitalism during the current crisis .
The difference of course is that we today are not in a pure capitalist system – which is at least part of what has prevented this crisis from destroying our economic system so far .
The government shored up essential institutions and is taking various measures now to restore liquidity to the markets – from the bailout to the Federal Reserve ’s unprecedented actions .
But what is evident to most observers – that the market failed to regulate itself , that the market mispriced risk , that short term profits were prioritized over long - term value , that the actions of thousands of individual actors acting for their own best interest created a systematic risk – is not clear to market fundamentalists .
They insist that it was the fact that the government was involved in the market at all that led to these risks – specifically in the form of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
They have a point – in that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were only lightly regulated in recent years , and that though they got into the subprime lending market late and were forced out by regulators early , they underwrote a significant amount of these loans during that time , and that these institutions were able to overleverage themselves because of an assumed implicit government guarantee .
All of this is to say that Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were part of the problem .
They were n’t the first companies to be hit by the crisis ; and other companies came quickly afterward .
Perhaps it is because of my limited experience , but I have n’t heard any serious economists on the right or left pushing forward the theory that this was all Fannie and Freddie ’s fault – only right - wing partisans trying to throw some political blame the Democrats ’ way .
What these market fundamentalists want to insist is that though even the remaining investment banks have taken themselves out of the shadow banking system and voluntarily subjected themselves to regulation , what we really need is less government intervention in the market .
All this is based on the distinction between economic activities of the government as decided in a democracy by the people , which in market fundamentalism are inherently oppressive , and economic activities of private individuals and corporations , which are free .
Which means that a single individual controlling hundreds of billions of dollars is freedom while a government of the people controlling a similar amount is oppressive .
Cognitive errors .
Megan McCardle of The Atlantic has compiled a useful list of cognitive errors that seem to have played a role in the crisis – both in creating the conditions that led to it and in compounding it .
For example , she discusses the recency effect :
People tend to overweight recent events in considering the probability of future events .
In 2001 , I would have rated the risk of another big terrorist attack on the US in the next two years as pretty high .
Now I rate it as much lower .
Yet the probability of a major terrorist attack is not really very dependent on whether there has been a recent successful one ; it ’s much more dependent on things like the availability of suicidal terrorists , and their ability to formulate a clever plan .
My current assessment is not necessarily any more accurate than my 2001 assessment , but I nonetheless worry much less about terrorism than I did then .
The Black Swan .
Nassim Nicholas Taleb is my kind of economist .
The basis of his philosophy is that , “ The world we live in is vastly different from the world we think we live in . ”
He advocates “ tinkering ” as our best mean to change the world – and his theory of the markets take into account many of the previous points .
While he was running his own hedge fund in the 1990s , he turned his own knowledge of his lack of knowledge – and others ’ lack of knowledge – into enormous profits .
It came at the expense of losing a little money 364 days of the year – but making enormous profits in that one remaining day .
He would bet on market volatility – which he understood financial firms repeatedly underestimated .
Taleb ’s key insight is that we know very little of the world itself – and will be more often fundamentally wrong than right .
The example he uses is the Black Swan as described by David Hume :
No amount of observations of white swans can allow the inference that all swans are white , but the observation of a single black swan is sufficient to refute that conclusion .
This fundamental unknowability of the world must inform our actions , and perhaps points to some solutions .
We must attempt to resolve this crisis by tinkering with different solutions , and seeing what works , while being mindful that our actions will inevitably have consequences we do not imagine .
And remember – at any point – a black swan could come around and reshape our world suddenly – as 9/11 did , as the assassination of the Archduke Ferdinand to start World War I , as did the invention of the personal computer , as has this financial crisis .
The solution will not come from our determined application of fixed ideas , but by our openness to the possibility that we may be wrong , even as we are determined to act .
We must see the shades of gray and acknowledge that we do not fully understand the world , yet still act – tinker , if you will .
“ Damn , it feels good to be a banksta ! “
Related articles
Like Loading ...
Jesse Ventura BODY SLAMS “ 911 Conspiracy Debunkers ” , for 30 Minutes !
http://thestateoftruth.com/2008/09/jesse-ventura-body-slams-911-conspiracy-debunkers-for-30-minutes/
By Clay
Jesse Ventura , the former governor of Minnesota , ex Navy Seal Vietnam Veteran , Demolition Expert and an avid spokesperson for 911 Truth .
The governor takes on a swarm of media in the footage below for about 30 minutes .
This is a pretty intense interview !
ISLAMABAD ( Reuters ) - Pakistan ’s former prime minister Nawaz Sharif stepped up his attack on President Pervez Musharraf on Saturday , suggesting he could be hanged while addressing thousands of protesters outside the presidency .
Former Pakistan prime minister Nawaz Sharif waves as he arrives to address lawyers and his supporters during a cross-country rally by lawyers and political activists in Islamabad June 14 , 2008 .
Several thousand protesters gathered outside Pakistan 's parliament on Friday for the climax of a cross-country rally by lawyers and activists demanding the reinstatement of judges fired by President Pervez Musharraf .
REUTERS / Faisal Mahmood
“ We asked you to quit with honor after the election but you did n’t , ” Sharif told the crowd , referring to U.S. ally Musharraf , who overthrew him in a 1999 coup .
“ Now people have given a new judgment for you ... they want you to be held accountable , ” he said in the early hours of Saturday .
The crowd , officially estimated at up to 20,000 , chanted “ hang Musharraf ” as it listened to the two time former prime minister ’s fiery speech .
“ Is hanging only for politicians ? ” asked Sharif , referring to former prime minister Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , hanged by a military dictator in 1979 .
“ These blood - sucking dictators must be held accountable . ”
The demonstration , a few hundred meters from the presidency and parliament buildings , marked the climax of an almost week - long rolling protest across the country led by lawyers , though by the end they were easily outnumbered by Sharif party activists .
The United States and other Western allies fear prolonged political instability in the turbulent nuclear - armed Muslim nation will play into the hands of Islamist militants and undermine the U.S. - led campaign against terrorism .
Sharif has called for Musharraf to be tried for treason for tearing up the constitution during a brief spell of emergency rule late last year and for the coup nearly nine years ago .
Helped by Saudi Arabia , Sharif was allowed back from exile late last year as Musharraf ’s grip on power slipped following a clash with the judiciary .
His party came second in an election in February that resulted in defeat for pro-Musharraf parties , and brought to power a coalition government led by the Pakistan People ’s Party of assassinated former prime minister Benazir Bhutto .
PROBLEM FOR MUSHARRAF AND PPP
Asif Ali Zardari , Bhutto ’s widower and political successor , is trying to take away Musharraf ’s powers through changes to the constitution that will take months to pass , and the PPP is worried that Sharif is making more political capital by seeking Musharraf ’s humiliation .
Sharif was barred from contesting the election , but he will contest a by - election on June 26 for a National Assembly seat .
Treading a careful line , Zardari congratulated the lawyers on their “ long march ” , a cross-country convoy of cars that set off days ago for the capital .
Security was tight as the rally ended just as dawn broke on Saturday .
An avenue in front of the parliament building was sealed off but there was no violence .
Lawyers mingled with flag - waving supporters of Sharif ’s party , conservative religious activists , rights workers and students on a wide road overlooking the National Assembly .
Unlike the beatings and tear - gas that protesting lawyers got from police under a pro-Musharraf government last year , the new government ordered police to assist this week ’s protest .
“ This unprecedented gathering in Islamabad shows the flourishing of democracy under the government of Pakistan People ’s Party , ” Zardari said in a statement .
Musharraf ’s problems erupted in March last year when he tried to dismiss the Supreme Court chief justice , Iftikhar Chaudhry .
In November , General Musharraf resorted to emergency rule to purge the judiciary , including Chaudhry , to stop the Supreme Court ruling on whether his re-election while still army chief the previous month was legal .
Having secured the presidency , Musharraf quit as army chief and ended emergency rule in mid-December , but his actions left him increasingly isolated and unpopular .
Political parties backing the lawyers ’ movement hope that reinstating the judges will lead to Musharraf ’s ouster .
Spinning trees cause a stir Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
As part of Liverpool 's Biennial Arts festival , a copse of trees has been planted , but the trees move in an unexpected way .
MOST POPULAR VIDEO / AUDIO Editor 's Choice Improvements to the BBC News Website
Oct. 1 , 2008 --
More than half a billion people are infected with the herpes simplex virus type 2 , the virus that causes most cases of genital herpes , and nearly 24 million new cases happen per year .
That 's according to the first global estimate of the prevalence ( total number of cases ) and incidence ( number of new cases ) of herpes simplex virus type 2 ( HSV - 2 ) infection .
Here are the estimates , published in the Bulletin of the World Health Organization and based on studies from around the world published in 2003 :
536 million people aged 15 - 49 are infected with herpes simplex type 2 virus .
That 's 16 % of people in that age range .
Every year , 23.6 million people aged 15 - 49 become infected with the herpes simplex type 2 virus .
The estimates only focus on HSV - 2 among people aged 15 - 49 ; data came from studies published in 2003 .
Genital herpes can also be caused by herpes simplex virus type 1 ( HSV - 1 ) , but HSV - 1 typically infects the mouth and HSV - 2 typically infects the genitals .
HSV - 2 is usually spread through sex ; it can also pass from mother to child during birth .
Most people with herpes simplex virus type 2 do n't know they 're infected and do n't have symptoms , note the researchers , who work at Imperial College London and the World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
HSV - 2 prevalence was higher among women than men and varied across world regions .
Western European men had the lowest prevalence rate ( 13 % ) and women in sub-Saharan Africa had the highest prevalence rate ( 70 % ) .
The researchers caution that their estimates " should not be taken as being definitive , " partly because some world regions had few HSV - 2 studies to analyze .
If you 've been paying rapt attention while Barack Obama or Elizabeth Edwards talk about health care reform , you 'll have undoubtedly noticed that both place a lot of emphasis on the expansion of preventative care as a way to lower long - term health costs .
It 's actually kind of a basic thing : if you keep your cholesterol under control , you might not need expensive bypass surgery ; if you can keep your diabetes controlled , you may avoid long - term complications like kidney failure and amputation ; if you get pre-natal care , you can increase your chances of having a health ( and thus less expensive ) child .
In fact , in a health care system that financially rewards doctors for emergent care more than intermittent preventative care , encouraging people to seek preventative care regularly is better for the financial and physical health of everyone involved .
You'd think that the people in charge of pricing your health insurance would know that .
But as today 's New York Times reports , you 'd be wrong .
According to a study by the Times , women in the individual insurance market — the one McCain wants us to get our health insurance from if he becomes President — pay significantly higher premiums throughout their working lives than men do .
In cases from Colorado to Florida to Ohio ( swing states all ! ) women could expect to pay between 22 and 49 percent more than their male counterparts .
( Note that the federal government currently does not allow employer - sponsored health insurance — the kind McCain wishes to wipe from the map — to distinguish between men and women when pricing . )
And , according to insurers , there 's one basic reason : women use preventative care .
In general , insurers say , they charge women more than men of the same age because claims experience shows that women use more health care services .
They are more likely to visit doctors , to get regular checkups , to take prescription medications and to have certain chronic illnesses .
Advertisement
Oh , the same insurance company apologist try out the whole load of shit that it's about the expenses of being the ones that push out the babies , but even in states that allow women to opt out of pregnancy coverage , women still pay significantly more .
Like a woman in the article , in fact , I do n't have medical coverage if for some reason my multiple birth control methods fail :
Crystal D. Kilpatrick , a healthy 33 - year - old real estate agent in Austin , Tex. , said : " I ’ve delayed having a baby because my insurance policy does not cover maternity care .
If I have a baby , I ’ll have to pay at least $ 8,000 out of pocket . '
Advertisement
Marcia D. Greenberger , co-president of the National Women ’s Law Center , also points out that , the differential in pricing based on gender , McCain 's tax credit for purchasing health insurance — $ 2,500 for you single ladies out there — will actually erode in value faster for women than men .
In the meantime , insurance professionals have one good reason not to make insurance pools gender - neutral :
Cecil D. Bykerk , president of the Society of Actuaries , a professional organization , said that if male and female premiums were equalized , women would pay less but " rates for men would go up . "
Mr. Bykerk , a former executive vice president of Mutual of Omaha , said , " If maternity care is included as a benefit , it drives up rates for everybody , making the whole policy less affordable . "
G/O Media may get a commission LG 75 - Inch 8K TV Buy for $ 2150 from BuyDig Use the promo code ASL250
Oh , well , gosh , Cecil , we would n't want to deny men the benefit of really low - priced health care just so our health insurance , that covers of the furtherance of the species , is remotely affordable or obtainable !
Have to keep that Viagra cheap for you !
Luckily , the head insurance regulator in Maine — probably through her use of preventative care — has a few more brain cells functioning than old Cecil :
Mila Kofman , the insurance superintendent in Maine [ where they prohibit gender discrimination in the individual insurance market ] , said : " There 's a strong public policy reason to prohibit gender - based rates .
Only women can bear children .
There 's an expense to that .
But having babies benefits communities and society as a whole .
Women should not have to bear the entire expense . "
Advertisement
In fact , I 'll go further than that .
The whole purpose of insuring pools of people is to spread the costs across many — you know , sort of like roads and schools and shit .
And so taking out the lowest cost group of people increases the cost of those who remain , undermining the fucking purpose of pooling risk .
In addition , as I noted above , preventative care does cost more at the outset than never going to the doctor .
The difficulty is that , from a long - term perspective — which these insurance companies obviously lack as they pursue quarterly profits and stock prices to to exclusion of their business — is that foregoing preventative care ends up being far more costly when easily preventable problems turn into emergent care .
Getting a Pap smear every year might cost your insurance company $ 150 and treating early cancer that said exam might find might be more expensive , but it's all fucking cheap compared to a hysterectomy with hospital stay and months of chemotherapy and then a lifetime of follow - up care .
Of course , in the individual market they can just tell you to fuck off after a year and not renew your coverage , so I guess it might not be that expensive for an insurance company after all .
The insurance companies — for all their rationalizations about post - childbirth urinary tract complications late in life being expensive , which is what one spokesman actually claimed as a reason for gender differentials in the Times piece — are n't interested in long - term cost lowering .
They are interested in short - term profit maximization and figure that , by the time you 're old , they probably wo n't be your insurance company anyway and , if they are , they can just easily boot you off their rolls .
Women Buying Health Policies Pay a Penalty [ NY Times ]
Related : Health Insurance And The Single Girl [ Glamocracy ] Earlier : Elizabeth Edwards Talks About Issues Unrelated To Infidelity Before First Pitch , Obama Hits One Out Of The Park
Recently I 've been using the Cocos2d iPhone library for game development on the iPhone , and it's a really fantastic library to work with .
There is n't a whole lot of available source to look at though , so I 've put together a few snippets and thoughts about usage .
Overview of Cocos2d iPhone
Cocos2d iPhone is Ricardo Quesada 's port of the Cocos2d library to Objective - C .
The original is actually a Python library , and is intensely awesome .
The ObjC port can't be run in a REPL , so it is slightly less intensely awesome , but is still the cure to what ails game development on the iPhone .
When I was working on my first game , Processed Tower Defense , I learned a tremendous amount over the course of the project .
I rewrote it a couple of times with better designs , and towards the end felt like I was finally starting to unlock the gates to magical and rare realms of game programming knowledge .
As a result , when I started programming a game on the iPhone , my first step was to port my overall design from JavaScript to ObjC .
There are certain ... mismatches between the two , but it was working out well enough .
That is , until we ran into OpenGL , which was something like coming upon a family of skunks blocking your trail while hiking .
I mean , you could walk through them .
But , damn it , do you have to ?
The documentation for OpenGL on the iPhone was n't copious , and began to hinder progress .
I imagine the current docs are sufficient for someone who is already fluent in OpenGL , which is perhaps their intended audience , but it left me floored .
Which was something of a problem .
Fortunately , the wise Luke Hatcher suggested that we migrate the project from the adhoc framework built by yours truly , to Cocos2d iPhone .
And lo , out of the box , Cocos2d already had all my hard - earned game knowledge ( and more ) thoughtfully integrated into a cohesive package .
The rest is history , albeit not history that anyone knows or cares about .
Key Classes
CocosNode is the most important class you 'll be working with .
If an object does any of a ) move , b ) display or c ) change then you 'll want to be using a CocosNode to represent it .
The most useful CocosNode methods are : // creation + ( id ) node ; // adding children nodes - ( id ) add : ( CocosNode * ) node ; - ( id ) add : ( CocosNode * ) node z : ( int ) z ; - ( id ) add : ( CocosNode * ) node z : ( int ) z name : ( NSString * ) name ; // retrieving children nodes - ( CocosNode * ) get : ( NSString * ) name ; // removing children nodes - ( void ) remove : ( CocosNode * ) node ; - ( void ) removeByName : ( NSString * ) name ; // scheduling periodic updates - ( void ) schedule : ( SEL ) s interval : ( ccTime ) i ; // assigning actions ( movement , animation , etc ) - ( Action * ) do : ( Action * ) action ; - ( void ) stopAction : ( Action * ) action ; - ( void ) stopAllActions ; and some same usage looks like : // creating CocosNode * parentNode = [ CocosNode node ] ; CocosNode * childNode = [ CocosNode node ] ; CocosNode * childNode2 = [ CocosNode node ] ; // connecting [ parentNode add : childNode z : 0 name : @ " childOne " ] ; [ parentNode add : childNode2 ] ; // accessing [ parentNode get : @" childOne " ] ; // using actions [ parentNode do : [ ScaleTo actionWithDuration : .1 scale : 1.5 ] ] ; cpVect point = cpv ( 50 , 100 ) ; [ parentNode do : [ MoveTo actionWithDuration : 0.5 position : point ] ] ; // disconnecting [ parentNode removeByName : @ " childOne " ] ; [ parentNode remove : childNode2 ] ;
The most common way of taking advantage of CocosNode is to subclass it , add a custom init method , and schedule a function to be periodically called .
A simple example might look like : #import " CocosNode.h " @interface LogNode : CocosNode {} - ( void ) tick : ( ccTime ) dt ; @end @implementation LogNode - ( id ) init { self = super [ init ] ; if ( self ) { [ self schedule : @selector ( tick : ) interval : 100 ] ; } return self ; } - ( void ) tick : ( ccTime ) dt { NSLog ( @ " %@ " , self ) ; } @end
Sprite is a subclass of CocosNode that makes displaying graphics very easy .
Usage is as simple as : NSString * img = @ " spaceship.png " ; Sprite * sp = [ Sprite spriteFromFile : img ] ; sp . position = cpv ( 100 , 24 ) ; [ someNode add : sp ] ;
You 'll use a lot of these .
My experience is that it is simpler to subclass CocosNode and add Sprites to it , rather than subclassing Sprite directly .
Among other things , that allow you to combine multiple images into one node and transform them consistently by transforming their parental node .
Action are transformations that are applied to CocosNodes .
There are a number of actions , split into two groups : IntervalAction and InstantAction .
As you might imagine , IntervalActions occur over a period of time ( although you can always set that period to be zero seconds , making the action occur instantly ) , whereas InstantActions occur instantly .
Some of the useful actions are : ToggleVisiblity makes a CocosNode appear / disappear .
RotateBy rotates a CocosNode a number of degrees .
MoveTo moves a CocosNode to a position .
ScaleTo scales a CocosNode by a factor .
FadeTo set a CocosNode 's opacity .
They are used like this ( some have slightly different parameters for their constructors , so be sure to check the docs ) : [ parentNode do : [ ScaleTo actionWithDuration : .1 scale : 1.5 ] ] ; [ parentNode do : [ MoveTo actionWithDuration : 0.5 position : cpv ( 50 , 100 ) ] ] ;
Director manages what is currently visible , what scene is currently running , whether or not game time is progressing , and so on .
Useful methods are : // it 's a singleton Direction * d = [ Director shared Director ] ; //
Managing game [ d pause ] ; [ d resume ] ; [ d end ] ; // Managing Scenes Screne * s = [ Scene node ] ; [ d runScene : s ] ; // start time lapse in scene [ d popScene : s ] ; [ d pushScene : s ] ; [ d replaceScene : s ] ; // recommended for performance
Layer is a container of one ore more CocosNodes .
A subclass of CocosNode , they are used for grouping distinct parts of your application .
For example , you 'll have a main menu layer , a game layer ( at least one , possibly many depending on your game 's dynamics ) , a pause menu layer , etc .
Usage is the same as with CocosNode , except initialize using [ Layer node ] instead of [ CocosNode node ] .
This is another class that you may find yourself subclassing frequently .
Scene is a collection of one or more CocosNodes , but usually contains Layers .
They are passed to the Director to determine what is currently visible / occuring in the game .
Scene * myScene = [ Scene node ] ; Sprite * bg = [ Sprite spriteFromFile : @ " background.png " ] ; bg . position = cpv ( 200 , 600 ) ; [ myScene add : bg z : 0 ] ; Layer * myLayer = [ MyCustomLayer node ] ; [ my Scene add : myLayer z : 0 ] ; [ [ Director sharedDirector ] runScene : myScene ] ;
Label is used for rendering text , and makes that process much much simpler than dealing with the other alternatives for text rendering on the iPhone .
Label * name = [ Label labelWithString : @ " Name " dimensions : CGSizeMake ( 90 , 64 ) alignment : UITextAlignmentCenter fontName : @ " Helvetica " fontSize : 10 ] ; name .
position = cpv ( 100 , 200 ) ; [ someNode add : name ] ;
There certainly are a number of other classes in Cocos2d , but those are probably the only classes you 'll need to interact with to create something interesting .
Now for a few topical snippets .
Snippet 1 : Making a Menu
[ MenuItemFont setFontName : @ " Helvetica " ] ; [ MenuItemFont setFontSize : 12 ] ; MenuItem * item1 = [ MenuItemFont itemFromString : @ " Up " target : self selector : @selector ( up ) ] ; MenuItem * item2 = [ MenuItemFont itemFromString : @ " Down " target : self selector : @selector ( down ) ] : nil ; Menu * menu = [ Menu menuWithItems : item1 , item2 , nil ] ; [ menu setPosition : cpv ( 200 , 200 ) ] ; [ someLayer add : menu ] ;
Snippet 2 : Directing the Director
Your application delegate has a few responsibilities for informing the Director about special events .
Specifically , it needs to know when to start , pause , resume and quit .
The simplest case for delivering those four notifications looks something like this ( code should be in your app delegate ) :
- ( void ) applicationDidFinishLaunching : ( UIApplication * ) application { // Game began ... [ [ Director sharedDirector ] setLandscape : YES ] ; // optional [ [ Director sharedDirector ] setDisplayFPS : YES ] ; // optional Scene * menu = [ MyCustomMenuClass node ] ; [ [ Director sharedDirector ] runScene : menu ] ; } - ( void ) applicationWillResignActive : ( UIApplication * ) application { //
Incoming phone call ... [ [ Director sharedDirector ] pause ] ; } - ( void ) applicationDidBecomeActive : ( UIApplication * ) application { //
Phone call rejected ... [ [ Director sharedDirector ] resume ] ; } - ( void ) applicationWillTerminate : ( UIApplication * ) application { //
Application is ending ... [ [
Director sharedDirector ] release ] ; }
Snippet 3 : Detecting Clicks on Cocos Nodes
This is a fairly involved topic , because how you 'll want to handle it depends entirely on how you 've designed your user interface , but there are essentially two approaches :
Override the standard UIEvent touches methods for all objects that care about being clicked .
- ( void ) touchesBegan : ( NSSet * ) touches withEvent : ( UIEvent * ) event ; - ( void ) touchesMoved : ( NSSet * ) touches withEvent : ( UIEvent * ) event ; - ( void ) touchesEnded : ( NSSet * ) touches withEvent : ( UIEvent * ) event ;
Override the standard UIEvent touches methods for one object ( probaby a subclass of Layer ) , and having it serve as a UI manager for all objects it contains .
The first approach is simpler , but less flexible ( more difficult to manage event propagation and other custom logic ) .
on the other hand , the second approach is more work , and does n't fit trimly into the snippet format .
Roughly , the first approach will look something like this ( in the implementation file for a subclass of CocosNode ) :
- ( void ) touchesBegan : ( NSSet * ) touches withEvent : ( UIEvent * ) event { UITouch * touch = [ touches any Object ] ; CGPoint location = [ touch locationInView : [ touch view ] ] ; // do stuff } - ( void ) touchesMoved : ( NSSet * ) touches withEvent : ( UIEvent * ) event { UITouch * touch = [ touches any Object ] ; CGPoint location = [ touch locationInView : [ touch view ] ] ; // do stuff } - ( void ) touchesEnded : ( NSSet * ) touches withEvent : ( UIEvent * ) event { UITouch * touch = [ touches any Object ] ; CGPoint location = [ touch locationInView : [ touch view ] ] ; // do stuff }
Well , those are my guiding notes for the time being .
I 'll try to write something more comprehensive soon .
Where people go to college can make a big difference in starting pay , and that difference is largely sustained into midcareer , according to a large study of global compensation .
In the yearlong effort , PayScale Inc. , an online provider of global compensation data , surveyed 1.2 million bachelor 's degree graduates with a minimum of 10 years of work experience ( with a median of 15.5 years ) .
The subjects hailed from more than 300 U.S. schools ranging from state institutions to the Ivy League , and their incomes show that the subject you major in can have little to do with your long - term earning power .
PayScale excluded survey respondents who reported having advanced degrees , including M.B.A.s , M.D.s and J.D.s .
Even though graduates from all types of schools increase their earnings throughout their careers , their incomes grow at almost the same rate , according to the survey .
For instance , the median starting salary for Ivy Leaguers is 32 % higher than that of liberal - arts college graduates -- and at 10 or more years into graduates ' working lives , the spread is 34 % , according to the survey .
One reason why Ivy Leaguers outpace their peers may be that they tend to choose roles where they 're either managing or providing advice , says David Wise , a senior consultant at Hay Group Inc. , a global management - consulting firm based in Philadelphia .
By contrast , state - school graduates gravitate toward individual contributor and support roles .
" Ivy Leaguers probably position themselves better for job opportunities that provide them with significant upside , " says Mr. Wise , adding that this is the first survey he 's seen that correlates school choice to a point later in a career .
Also , more Ivy League graduates go into finance roles than graduates of other schools , and employers pay a premium for them , says Peter Cappelli , a professor of management and director of the Center for Human Resources at the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania .
" Dartmouth kids get paid more for the same job than kids from Rutgers are [ doing ] , " he says .
Which school pays off the most ?
According to the survey , graduates of Dartmouth College , an Ivy League college , earn the highest median salary -- $ 134,000 .
Of all Ivy League graduates surveyed , those from Columbia earn the lowest midcareer median salary -- $ 107,000 .
Meanwhile , the highest - paid liberal - arts - school graduates , from Bucknell University , earn slightly more -- $ 110,000 .
Mr. Wise called the data thought - provoking .
" These results , to some extent , confirm suspicions that many people have about the importance of a person 's college choice in giving them better pay opportunities down the line , " says Mr. Wise .
" What we still do n't know is whether or not it 's the training or education the school provides that drives these pay differences , or if the people from those schools are just wired to self - select into jobs that are likely to be paid more . "
The survey also looked at how much salaries increased over time .
Liberal - arts - school graduates see their median total compensation grow by 95 % after about 10 years , to $ 89,379 from $ 45,747 .
Meanwhile , graduates of " party schools " ( as defined by the 2008 Princeton Review College Guide ) are n't that far behind , with their incomes increasing 85 % during that time to $ 84,685 from $ 45,715 .
At the bottom : Engineering - school grads , who earn the highest starting salaries , yet see their paychecks expand just 76 % by their career midpoints to $ 103,842 from $ 59,058 .
Contrary to what many parents tell their children majoring in subjects like political science or philosophy , these degrees wo n't necessarily leave you in the poorhouse .
It can depend on what career path you choose to pursue with that degree .
History - majors - turned - business - consultants earn a median total compensation of $ 104,000 , similar to their counterparts who pursued a business major like economics -- whose grads earn about $ 98,000 overall at midcareer , the PayScale study shows .
English majors in all career paths who graduate from Harvard University earn a median starting salary of $ 44,500 , compared with $ 35,000 for those with English degrees from Ohio State University -- a 27 % difference .
And that disparity widens even more after 10 years .
By then , English majors from Harvard reported earning $ 103,000 in median pay , 111 % more than their counterparts from Ohio State .
" With a liberal - arts degree , it 's what you make of it , " says Al Lee , director of qualitative analysis at PayScale .
" If you 're motivated by income , then there are certainly careers in psychology that pay as well as careers out of engineering . "
Write to Sarah E. Needleman at sarah.needleman@wsj.com
I confess this has occurred to me too :
Yes , you ALMOST want to look away , but ca n ’t .
It reminds me of when I watch Ricky Gervais in “ The Office ” or “ Extras ” and half cover my eyes or wince , while laughing , as pathetically unqualified characters try to fake their way through life .
Sadly , with Palin , this is real world , grownup stuff .
Yes .
Palin's lies are like Gervaisian lies .
They are really bad ones , contradicted by reality that everyone else sees .
But she 's still there and allegedly serious people are asking us to take her seriously .
And yet it 's impossible .
And so we are now required to simply squirm for six weeks .
Squirm .
People talk sometimes of a national embarrassment .
If the Palin candidacy is n't one , what is ?
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
We really need a national " THEY LIVE " dress - up holiday like El Dia De Los Muertos or Arbor Day ( and , yes , I dress up like a ...
Ashby Treats
We have some new treats on thier way soon ..
2 . What is IronRuby ?
IronRuby is Microsoft 's implementation of the Ruby programming language .
We are one of the seven implementations that are currently actively being developed today .
What makes us different is that we run on top of the .
Net platform .
So we run anywhere where the common language runtime runs .
So today that certainly is on our desktop and server operating systems .
It 's also in Silverlight which is our cross platform version of the CLR that runs on Mac and Windows and runs in all of the major browsers on those platforms as well so that is in Firefox and Explorer and Safari .
What 's also interesting about the stuff that we do is we also run anywhere where a compliant CLR will run as well .
So the Mono project certainly runs on Linux and runs on Mac and also runs on Windows .
So we can run anywhere where Mono runs as well .
And Mono is also a Moonlight project which will bring Silverlight to Linux based desktops as well .
We pretty well cover all of the major platforms today in terms of IronRuby and where are our reach is and where we can run .
3 . I mean Microsoft has C# , VB .
Net , interesting languages they have standardize on .
Why are they interested in Ruby ?
C# and VB are statically type dlanguages .
And statically typed languages have certainly served the company quite well in the .
Net era , but statically typed languages and the things you get from static typing do n't come for free .
So because they do n't come for free the opportunity cost of using these things is something that in a lot of cases is somehow hidden from software developers , there is the cost of creating the code , of maintaining the code , there is a certain amount of Agility , that winds up being lost by using these things .
Not to say that there is n't a place for statically type languages but there certainly is a place for dynamically typed languages in addition to statically typed languages .
And IronRuby is a language since it is implemented and runs on top of the .
Net platform we get the best of both worlds .
You can use dynamically typed languages like IronRuby or IronPython , in places where it makes sense to , where you want to optimize along with axis of Agility or time to market and you can also rewrite parts of your application in statically typed languages , in cases where you want to get things like performance or you want to get things like verifiability of the code that you have written as well .
And since there is an awful lot of investments these days both for Microsoft and other people but certainly our research division around static type verifiers , which offer a lot more guarantees that you would otherwise get simply by being another compiler in your statically typed language .
4. Now is Microsoft planning on , I noticed you have IronRuby and IronPython .
Are you in the same group ?
Is it a dynamic language effort that Microsoft is putting forward ?
Yes , so we have whatever random internal organization is which is not pretty probably interesting to people outside .
We have separate teams that build Python and Ruby , we have members of our team that sometimes work on both , we have a separate team now that we have matured that works on the dynamic language runtime so those guys working exclusively on just the DLR pieces .
Now given the fact that all of the DLR developers for the most part came from IronPython as well so some of the original IronPython devs go off to work on the DLR effort which is where most of the attention is by those guys anyways , so we are working on those things .
They are customers in a sense so they are building the base platform and we are building the languages .
And what 's interesting at the company is that we build all the stuff in parallel .
So the DLR is being developed at the same time as the languages , the CLR is also being developed at the same time as the DLR so there is an awful lot of interesting moving pieces in the puzzle as we go off and build this integrated thing .
5 . You mentioned DLR .
What 's a DLR ?
So let 's step back a little bit and look at the history of this thing .
Originally there is a thing called IronPython .
IronPython was a project that Jim Hugunin worked on initially before he joined the company and then worked on after he joined the company as well .
IronPython is our implementation of the Python programming language that runs on top of the .
Net platform and IronPython has the distinction of being the fastest Python implementation today in terms of throughput .
So while they were building the IronPython compiler it was initially done as a way to show whether or not , or to demonstrate whether or not it was possible to build a high performance implementation of a dynamic language on top of a statically typed runtime .
But because there have been some successes and some failures in the past in different projects and Jim really wanted to find out for sure whether or not it was possible to do this kind of thing .
Because Jim is a very well regarded compiler implementer , he implemented Jython on the JVM before he came to the company , he also implemented the AspectJ compilers .
So IronPython was yet another compiler that he had built and he was really interested in seeing how why would building Python on top of the CLR would be so different than building it on top of the JVM .
He did n't really understand why , and as it turns out you can build it , it turned out to be harder than it probably should have been to build on top of the CLR there were lots and lots of little decisions that had to be made , that had to be made the right way , by the right people and what he realized was that it would be interesting to take all of that learning , that they got from building IronPython and build it into a set of libraries which could be used by other language implementers and that 's really what became the DLR , was the pieces of the IronPython compiler and runtime that they thought could be reused across multiple languages .
So the best way of doing stuff like that is to extract the DLR to IronPython , so the first version of the DLR really was the Python language runtime .
And then to make sure that we can call it truly a dynamic language runtime that runs across multiple languages .
We implemented two other languages on top of it .
So Managed JavaScript is one and the second one is our IronRuby effort .
So those are three fairly different dynamic languages .
We also had a prototype of a Visual Basic compiler that was built on top of it as well called VBX .
So those four languages were really able to drive a lot of design changes and decisions into the DLR and also remove the Pythonisms that were specific only to Python .
So that 's what the DLR is , it 's a set of libraries that makes it easier for language implementers to get the language up and running on the CLR .
6 . How does Silverlight tie in with the DLR into these dynamic languages ?
I mean what 's the story that Microsoft is trying to tell us about Silverlight DLR ?
What 's important ?
Silverlight to me , different people have different opinions about what Silverlight is but Silverlight to me is an interesting programming platform .
A lot of people think about Silverlight as being this thing : " Oh well it 's this thing for building Rich Internet Applications , that run inside the browser and across platform " and it certainly can do that kind of stuff .
But I think that a more interesting application of Silverlight is the fact that it's a ubiquitous high performance computing platform .
If we do our jobs right and Silverlight gets distributed out to folks that are interested in video , much like how Flash was distributed , it was done entirely through the vector , people wanted to watch youtube , Silverlight is going to get a big boost from the Olympics this year , from a lot of folks in the US from NBC they are going to have an opportunity to watch the Olympics via Silverlight .
That should allow us to distribute this programming platform very widely and Silverlight is about 4.5 MB today as a download for Silverlight 2 .
In that 4.5 MB you have a full implementation of the CLR you have a fairly full implementation of the base class libraries as well as these rich media libraries .
I think the first two are the really interesting parts because now you have this high performance computing platform that allows you to write code that runs cross platform .
And more importantly it also allows you , since it is a CLR and since the DLR targets Silverlight as well as targeting the desktop , server versions of the CLR we have this ability to run IronRuby code inside of the browser .
And back to that idea of when should you write code in a statically typed language versus when you should write code in a dynamically typed language , you get to do the same thing in the browser .
You really have never had the opportunity to be able to partition things like that in the browser before .
Here is some static stuff here is some dynamic stuff .
The best you have was dynamic stuff with JavaScript in the Ajax world .
And I think that we had a really interesting opportunity to continue building this very interesting browser based programming platform via Silverlight .
So our stuff just runs on top of Silverlight and it runs on top of anything that 's compatible with Silverlight so certainly Moonlight and it also allows us to go run dynamic code on Linux based desktops as well as inside of the browser .
7 . We are at RubyFringe and RubyFringe is made up of many Ruby developers running on Macs , Mac is everywhere here .
Why should these people here be interested in IronRuby ?
Sure , that 's a fair question , I would argue that , so Kathy Sierra has an awesome blog post where she has got this kind of axis and on one side is " we love you " and on the other side it 's " we hate you " and in the middle it's this broad swath that she calls the zone of mediocrity .
For the most part what 's kind of interesting about our efforts when I go out and I talk to folks and communities that are other than our own , it 's that for the longest time we kind of lived in this zone of mediocrity .
Nobody cared , it 's liked " Oh Microsoft is doing Ruby ?
That 's nice , does n't affect my life , it 's not big deal " .
What was fascinating was back at RailsConf , starting with Daryl Taft and I coined this term called ARAX .
Asynchronous Ruby in XML and because I was talking about how it 's interesting that we can now run Ruby on both sides of the wire , we can run Ruby in the browser , we can run Ruby on the server , being able to use the same programming language on both sides of the wire , it 's an interesting thing .
And that got us slashdotted , lots of hate and vile were directed our way and I thought that was awesome because it was moving us out of the zone of mediocrity .
It 's getting into people 's attention like obviously we would prefer that people loved us but it's also better that people hate us as well .
Because now we have this thing were people have stopped not caring because when people are indifferent that 's far worse than people loving or hating you .
8 . How do you feel personally about tying IronRuby to this open source world that we are all part of as Ruby developers ?
At OSCON we are going to do a bunch of stuff where we talk about Microsoft participating in the open source community .
That 's really important that notion , that word , participating , because we do n't drive it , for the longest time this is the way Microsoft has worked with our customer base .
We invent some technology , we drive that technology , people adopt our technology , and they are happy for the most part , and life goes on and it 's awesome .
In the open source community - driving is still a very important idea , in the sense that people will still need to exert effort to make things happen but you do n't own the thing , whatever the thing is that you are trying to drive .
Instead you are participating at it , anyone can participate and drive something .
And I think that this is something that we realized the developer division which is this idea that we really want to be a great platform for running open source software .
Why ca n't Windows be the best platform for running open source software ?
Everyone likes to use the Mac for this kind of stuff , why can't Windows be an awesome platform for using , running , building open source software ?
And in order for us to have any credibility in that space whatsoever , we need to be able to show that we are a good participant and a good citizen inside that community .
So we have to do that by our actions , words are fairly meaningless in this kid of stuff , there is plenty of rethoric out there , and IronRuby is a project that really allows us to demonstrate what it means for Microsoft to be a participant inside of the open source community and I think that is a really important thing .
It allows me to use that as the vector to really try and encourage more openness .
There are all sorts of teams at the company that want to do open source stuff .
I get called upon by all sorts of teams across the company because I get this reputation of being an expert in doing this stuff .
These teams approach us , approach me personally and say " We have this thing , should this be an open source thing , should not be an open source thing ?
How do we think about this ? "
And so there is an awful lot of discussions happening as well .
Because clearly we still are a company that makes money by selling software to people and I do n't see that stopping any time soon , but certainly there is an awful lot of ways where open source software can certainly increase the value of the thing that we turn around and sell , being a server operating system , or desktop operating system , or a database or anything else , our core products .
So given all that stuff I think yes it has been really awesome being able to use IronRuby as a mechanism to try and effect change around the organization : around be more open towards open source , understanding what this thing is really all about , and this goal of being a good citizen and a participant inside of the open source community .
9 . How has it been ?
I mean has this been an easy task ?
A hard task ?
You are one of the first people to bring open source into Microsoft , IronPython , IronRuby , how has this experience been so far ?
Here is the way to kind of look at this problem : a lot of other companies tend to adopt open source as a strategy when they do n't have a choice .
There are some good existing proofs out there .
I will leave it up to you to figure out who they are .
In some senses the desperation has driven up to senior management " Oh my God , we need to do this open source thing , because we can't continue to fund our existing non open source development anymore .
We need some additional help from the community " .
That 's really how at an executive level they look at these kinds of decisions .
Things at Microsoft there is nothing wrong .
If you look at the company , the company has made more money this year that it has ever made in the past .
For the most part people are happy with that stuff .
Managers are awarded based on how much business did you bring in ?
What do your earnings look like ?
And it 's more challenging when you have to run around and say , it 's a much different argument when you have to go and say to the successful guy who got a nice bonus for doing a great work in the year to bring in more business like Microsoft 's business .
And say " Well you know this open source thing " and the guy is going to turn around and say " What exactly am I doing wrong right now about the thing that I am doing ? "
And so it 's a more challenging conversation that you have , it 's not like those folks are not willing to have that conversation , it 's just that the impact of it and the immediacy of that conversation is very different at Microsoft and it would be at another company which would be under more financial pressure for us in order to make those calls earlier .
So I think that it is happening , the conversations are almost always about how does this thing add value to some other line platform that we sell ?
And as long as that line is clear , these things get funded , we do things , IronRuby exists for that reason , DLR exist for that reason , other projects around the company , the Ajax control toolkit , as another example the Silverlight control toolkit , or other examples of open source projects that add value to some component or platform that we care about .
So those conversations are easy , there is going to be other things over time , we will cross those bridges when we get there , but I think that folks are very receptive to at least hearing the ideas , that 's always credit to the people that you talk to .
I wo n't call it easy , but it 's not impossible either at the same time , it 's challenging .
10 .
How difficult has it been to open Microsoft up as a project manager , to open up some of the policies of Microsoft as to way they do source control , things like that , how hard is that ?
How hard has that been from your side to change the way Microsoft may do things internally for projects , accepting contributions from the outside ?
That 's a big part , the contribution thing was an interesting challenge because there is a lot of institutional culture , I do n't know how you want to call it , around how we treat contributions from the outside in terms of code that we ship inside of our products .
And IronRuby crossed that bridge a long time ago in the sense that IronRuby was always going to be a component of something else but it wo n't necessarily be a mandatory component of that other thing , whatever that thing is that IronRuby might ship with .
So you can imagine in the future it would be possible to turn around and write office macros in Ruby there 's no reason why you should n't be able to do something like that .
But what you are going to find is that we are not necessarily ship IronRuby on the DVD that Office ships , but instead it would be some downloadable component of Office .
Those are some kind of mitigations that we put in place right around some of the real things that the lawyers are concerned about .
How you ship code that comes from the outside with a product that you charge money for ?
I do n't think that one is a terrible inconvenience for an adoption blocker for a lot of folks , they might block for some people , but for the most part I think that that 's a reasonable compromise given the kind of world that we live in today .
I think overall in the future we can certainly push the bar higher on that kind of stuff but again a lot of things of how you affect change in an organization are about you make some small step , you demonstrate the management that this was a reasonable step to make , you make these arguments and after that step has been made you gather some feedback a few months later and look around and see " Did that work ?
Are people happy with your choice ?
The company is still around making money ? " and then they will be more tolerant to the next change that you want to ask them for .
So , it 's a lot about that , taking small steps , one step at a time and we will get there .
11 . Now that Microsoft has opened up for outside contributions how have you seen the community willing to give to Microsoft , willing to be part of an open source project within a large company like Microsoft ?
This is a challenging thing in a sense that you take JRuby as the closest comparable that we have as a project .
JRuby was started outside of Sun , certainly Sun hired the main drivers around JRuby but it was always viewed as a community project first and that just happens to have a couple of Sun employees contributing to it .
IronRuby is different in the sense that it was started by Microsoft , and most of the contributions are by Microsoft employees and that 's something that we really want to change and I think it 's a perception thing .
We want IronRuby to be a community project , in the sense that the community owns it not Microsoft ; we are a participant right back to this community that is IronRuby .
I do n't think we are there yet , we certainly have got very useful and very valuable contributions from our community and I think that over time as the barrier to entry drops , in the sense that we get more stuff done , it 's working , it works well , we 're going to see more contributions coming from people because people have to do things in their own interest .
If you contribute to a project you do it for a selfish reason , for the most part and the selfish reasons might have to do " I got to get this working in this project that I care about , that my boss wants me to do " and so you go off and you apply fixes and patches to get you there if that 's the thing that you want .
That 's when open source works really well it's when the interests are aligned both from the people that are driving sort of the core of the project as opposed to people who want to consume and use that project as well .
So I think that with time we are going to see an awful lot more of those things , we are definitely getting contributions today and we certainly welcome people to bring more contributions to the play .
12 . How does has that helped , people like Charles and some of the other people that came along before there was an IronRuby , with JRuby and those things , I mean Ruby .
Net how does that information help ?
So the good news of having guys like Charlie on the list is the fact that Charlie is more or less blazed the trail in terms of technical issues of running on top of a statically typed virtual machine .
He has solved a lot of those problems .
JRuby is an awesome product , those guys have done a very very good job , the startup time is awesome , working set is awesome , certainly these are the things comparing right now to our implementation to see what we can certainly do better .
So it 's very useful to have folks who ask questions .
So this feature , how widely is frozen actually used , they actually have data on this kind of stuff .
And he can help us share this stuff , taint level and other wacky things and inside the language .
And so it 's very useful to be able to kind of lean on folks that have been there and Charlie is this really awesome guy that goes around and actually spends his time trying to help out other implementations .
Sometimes he pokes us in the eyes that 's all fine and dandy because I think in the end he really does want to see Ruby succeeded as a language .
It 's not just about Java , it 's not about JRuby it 's really a lot about Ruby .
13 .
Where are we with IronRuby at this point I mean as far as your goal beginning to an official release where are we with IronRuby ?
There 's lies , damn lies and schedules and right now our goals on our team is to try and get a 1.0 release by the first quarter next year .
Now what does a 1.0 release mean ?
Because this is a typical open source project , so you can declare a victory at some point in time so I am 1.0 so that 's a pretty important signal that more or less tells people " Hey you can use this in real things " that 's really what the signal is .
In order for IronRuby to be treated as a real Ruby implementation , to me there are two goals , there are two clear exit criteria for the project .
Let 's talk about three exit criteria .
The first is that it needs to be a compliant Ruby implementation it needs to be true to the language first , and in order to be true to the language one of the awesome projects that came out of the Rubinius effort is the Ruby spec project and the Ruby spec project has certainly been spending a lot of time building up test cases for Ruby that will be used to validate behavior of the various Rubies and we still are now seven implementations on all over different platforms .
And it 's a very ambitious project , it 's one that we are participating in now , and it's one that I think is going to go long ways in terms of I wo n't call it certification but it's a useful thing to see " Well let 's see of it does pass the specs , and if it does pass the specs , it 's Ruby and if it does n't pass the specs it 's probably not Ruby " .
So , that 's one thing .
Second thing is it has to be able to run real Ruby programs .
And there is no more real of a Ruby program than running Rails .
So a second exit criteria for us is we need to be able to run significant real Rails applications .
That 's something that our team takes very serious we have to be able to make this happening in order for us to be taken serious as a real Ruby implementation .
Third thing is our various quality matrix that we have , we have to not suck at startup time , we have to not consume all the memory on your machine , and we have to have good throughput numbers .
And we have exit criteria of how those things look like , in terms of start up time , how much working set we can use and that kind of stuff .
And when we hit those quality gates those are the three criteria that determine whether or not we are ready for 1.0 .
Saw this first at After Gutenberg , but it came via itsgettinghotinhere from a Architecture 2030 e-news bulletin .
A picture ( or in this case , a graph ) tells a thousand words .
UK Becomes World 's Biggest Producer of Offshore Wind Power
October 21st , 2008 by Andrew Williams
[ social_buttons ]
The UK government announced today that Britain has overtaken Denmark to become the world ’s biggest producer of offshore wind power .
The rise to the top of the global league table follows the construction of a new wind farm off the coast of Skegness , Lincolnshire , which increases the UK ’s total electricity generation from offshore wind sources to 590 megawatts ( MW ) , enough to power 300,000 homes .
Mike O’Brien , a minister at the newly created Department of Energy and Climate Change , also said that further work is already underway to further cement Britain ’s new found global wind power standing saying , “ Overtaking Denmark is just the start , there are already five more offshore windfarms under construction that will add a further 938 MW to our total by the end of next year . ”
Although the news has been welcomed by many voices in the renewable energy sector , there have been some reservations .
In particular , some campaigners have pointed out that the UK is still one of the poorest European performers in terms of its total overall output from renewable sources .
However , the country ’s new found global prominence in offshore wind is likely to lend further strength to calls for large scale investment in other key renewable energy sectors .
Image Credit – Vaxomatic via flickr.com on a Creative Commons license
Appreciate CleanTechnica ’s originality ?
Consider becoming a CleanTechnica member , supporter , or ambassador — or a patron on Patreon .
Sign up for our free daily newsletter or weekly newsletter to never miss a story .
Have a tip for CleanTechnica , want to advertise , or want to suggest a guest for our CleanTech Talk podcast ?
Contact us here .
Latest Cleantech Talk Episode
The 21.1 megapixel EOS 5D Mark II is Canon ’s first DSLR camera to offer High Definition video capability .
The new Canon 5D Mark II has a newly designed Canon CMOS sensor with ISO sensitivity up to 25600 , new DIGIC 4 processor , 3.0 ” Clear View LCD with VGA resolution , and 3.9 frames per second continuous shooting .
With a body - only price tag of $ 2,699 / € 2,499 / £ 2,299 , the Canon EOS 5D Mark II is available from the end of November .
It will also be available in kit form with the EF 24- 105 mm f4.0L IS USM lens for £ 3049.99 / €3999.99 .
Update :
We now have some exclusive shots of the Canon EOS 5D Mark II from the UK press launch , including a side - by - comparison with the original 5D model that it replaces .
Canon Europe Press Release
Canon redefines the future of photography : 21.1 MP EOS 5D Mark II offers Full HD video capture
Amstelveen , The Netherlands , 17 September 2008 : Canon announces the full frame , 21.1 Megapixel EOS 5D Mark II : the first EOS with full High Definition video capability .
Compact , lightweight and with environmental protection , EOS 5D successor boasts a newly designed Canon CMOS sensor , with ISO sensitivity up to 25,600 for shooting in near dark conditions .
The new DIGIC 4 processor combines with the improved CMOS sensor to deliver medium format territory image quality at 3.9 frames per second , for up to 310 frames .
Triggered from Live View Mode , HD video capture allows users to shoot uninterrupted at full 1080 resolution at 30 fps – for amazing quality footage with outstanding levels of detail and realism .
The integration of HD movie capability into a high - end 21.1 Megapixel camera opens a multitude of new possibilities for photojournalists and news photographers .
With its full frame CMOS sensor and outstanding ISO performance , the EOS 5D Mark II will appeal to any photographer in search of the finest camera equipment available – from studio and wedding to nature and travel photographers .
Other improvements to the EOS 5D include :
* Addition of Canon ’s EOS Integrated Cleaning System , with a new Fluorine coating on the low - pass filter
* Larger 3.0 ” Clear View LCD with VGA resolution , a 170° angle of view and anti-reflective coatings
* Improved menu system including Quick Control Screen for more direct access to common settings
* Automatic peripheral illumination correction , utilising detailed EF lens information to optimise JPEG images straight out of the camera
* Magnesium alloy construction with additional environmental protection
* UDMA memory card compatibility .
“ Professional photojournalists and wedding photographers already choose the EOS 5D for its discrete size and outstanding image quality , ” said Mogens Jensen , head of Canon Consumer Imaging .
“ The addition of HD movie recording opens a new chapter for EOS .
It creates new possibilities for EOS photographers to capture and share their stories and to stay relevant in a rapidly changing digital landscape . ”
Key Specifications
* New 21.1 Megapixel CMOS sensor with improved EOS Integrated Cleaning System ( E.I.C.S. )
* New Full HD 1080 resolution movie recording
* 3.9 frames per second continuous shooting
* High performance DIGIC 4 providing superb image quality
* Maximum 310 large JPEG images in a single burst with a UDMA card
* 3.0 ” VGA ( 920 k dots ) Clear View LCD
* ISO 100-6400 ( expansion from 50 up to 25,600 )
* 9 AF points + 6 Assist AF points
New CMOS sensor
The EOS 5D Mark II ’s newly designed full frame 21.1 Megapixel CMOS sensor features ISO sensitivity from 100-6400 , expandable to 50 , 12,800 and 25,600 .
Large 6.4 ? m2 pixels have been redesigned to capture more light and yield a better signal to noise ratio to ensure lower noise images throughout the ISO range .
The full frame sensor has the same dimensions as a frame of 35 mm film .
This means that wide - angle lenses stay wide , without the change in angle of view associated with smaller sensor cameras .
As well as benefiting from finer control over depth of field , photographers moving up to the EOS 5D Mark II ’s full frame format will find the newly designed wide , bright 98 % coverage viewfinder on a joy to work with .
New DIGIC 4 processor
A new DIGIC 4 processor combined with 14 - bit analogue to digital conversion provides smooth gradations in mono - tonal areas such as skies , and highly accurate colour rendition .
As well as HD movie shooting , DIGIC 4 ’s high speed provides for long uninterrupted continuous bursts of large JPEGs , near - instant start - up times and immediate and fast review after shooting .
DIGIC 4 also provides for improved noise reduction algorithms , complementing the already low noise images from the EOS 5D Mark II ’s CMOS sensor .
HD video capture
The EOS 5D Mark II is Canon ’s first D - SLR to incorporate full HD 1920x1080 video capture .
Once filming is started from Live View mode , photographers can fire off either single of continuous stills , with video capture continuing after the final frame is captured .
See everything
A new 3.0 ” VGA resolution LCD provides a wide 170 º angle - of - view , providing plenty of clarity for accurate focus checks in playback .
The screen brightness can automatically adjust to suit viewing conditions , extending battery life in low light and improving viewing in bright conditions .
A new dedicated Live View button switches modes to display a real - time image on the LCD .
This allows EOS 5D Mark II photographers to enjoy simplified shooting from awkward angles .
Simple connection to a PC provides easy remote shooting .
Precision focus and metering
A 9 - point auto focus system is supported by 6 additional invisible Assist AF points , located inside the spot- metering circle to optimise subject tracking performance in AI SERVO AF mode .
For accurate exposure readings in tricky lighting conditions , the spot metering circle covers just 3.5 % of the frame .
Control
The EOS 5D Mark II ’s redesigned menu system includes a new Quick Control screen , for instant access to the most commonly changed settings .
A new Creative Auto mode allows photographers to cede control of key settings to the camera , while retaining control over creative variables such background blur , drive mode and image brightness .
Custom user settings allow photographers to switch between two completely different camera setups .
This is ideal for changing quickly between two different environments , such as switching from working inside a church without flash to outdoors with fill - flash at a wedding .
Accessories
Shooting flexibility is enhanced with a range of new accessories .
Shooting capacity can be extended with either the high capacity 1800 mAh lithium - ion Battery Pack LP - E6 , or Battery Grip BG - E6 .
A new optional Wireless File Transmitter – the WFT - E4 – offers external HDD and GPS compatibility along with ability to transmit images direct to computer or FTP server , or operate the camera wirelessly .
Both the BG - E6 and WFT - E4 feature a vertical orientation shutter release and other key controls for comfortable portraiture work , with a substantial grip to help balance the camera when used with long lenses .
Click on the following images to open a larger version in a new window .
Your Comments
Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus .
The Mac mini may be pronounced dead as soon as today 's Apple earnings conference call , as two major retailers in Europe have confirmed to me that they can't order any more of the little computers .
While this could signal an updated model coming in , they have been told by Apple to expect no more of it .
Their impression is that - once again - the Mac Mini may be dead dead DEAD for real , even while you can still order it at the Apple Store .
It would be weird to see it go in this time of crisis , but being their worst - selling computer , I 'm not surprised .
The Mac mini was first introduced in January 2005 at the Macworld Conference & Expo .
Labeled by Steve Jobs as the " most affordable Mac ever " it was well received by the critic and public .
Apple positioned it as a cheap alternative to the Mac Pro for every PC user who wanted to switch to the Mac without having to buy new peripherals .
However , the son of the Apple Cube failed to grab traction , just like its predecesor .
As the iMac and MacBooks kept being the number one sellers for the Cupertino company , the Mac mini kept receding into the background , even while receiving six hardware updates since its introduction .
The last one was in November 2007 , and it 's quite outdated compared to the current hardware :
Unlike the rest of the Mac hardware , it lacks 802.11n support , uses the older 667 MHz front side bus and 945 GM chipset , which is two generations behind everything else .
If the termination of the Mac mini is finally confirmed , it will be sad to see it go .
Hopefully , this may mean that a new update is in the works or that it will get replaced by something else , but seeing how most people do n't seem to give a damn about the Apple Tax , judging from the MacBooks selling like hot cakes at the Apple Store on Fifth Avenue , I wo n't count on it .
[ Thanks Conito ]
Advertisement
Dog breaks out of his cage and springs his friends
A T - shirt being distributed by Denver ’s police union that refers to Democratic National Convention protesters was supposedly a joke .
“ We get up early to beat the crowds ” and “ DNC 2008 . ”
Get it ?
“ Beat ” the crowds ?
Count us among those who do n’t find it very funny .
The shirt , which features a menacing depiction of a baton - wielding officer , undermines the efforts the Denver Police Department has made to boost its credibility in the community .
It also accomplishes something we thought would be difficult if not impossible :
It cedes the moral high ground to Re- Create 68 agitator Glenn Spagnuolo .
That ’s because the shirt also is emblazoned with a “ 68 ” with a slash through it — a reference to Spagnuolo ’s protest group .
It ’s true that Spagnuolo made a pest of himself in the months leading up to the August convention in Denver .
He hinted darkly about violence and disruption .
And he boasted that Re-Create 68 would be 50,000 strong and would illegally occupy Civic Center park on a day when another group had legitimately obtained a permit to use the park .
Once the convention got underway , it was apparent that Spagnuolo ’s predictions were either a product of wishful thinking or delusions of grandeur .
Protest crowds were far smaller than anyone predicted , and while a march did cross through the park , it was far from the mass sit -in predicted .
Overall , we thought law enforcement was effective in giving protesters the opportunity to exercise their First Amendment rights and march with little disruption to the rest of those who were in town for the convention .
It was , generally speaking , a peaceful four - day event .
Unfortunately , this T - shirt is an affront to the hard work of the officers who labored under difficult conditions to make that happen .
Brian Maass , a reporter for local CBS affiliate KCNC - Channel 4 , reported earlier this week the shirts were being sold for $ 10 each by the Denver Police Protective Association , the union that represents most of Denver ’s 1,400 police officers .
The shirts also had been given free to every Denver officer .
Maass quoted a police detective who said such shirts are traditionally created as a commemorative item after a big event .
So far , so good .
But why create something with such an offensive overtone ?
Denver police leadership has been working hard in recent years to improve both its use - of - force practices and its image within the community after several controversial shootings .
This T - shirt , no matter how tongue - in - cheek it was supposed to be , diminishes those efforts .
Perhaps the folks in the police union who initially got a giggle from the shirt ’s double entendre will now see why it ’s not that funny after all .
Top 20 Celebrity Babes with Mouth Watering Cleavage
# 20 - Tila Tequila
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Famous for having the most friends on Myspace and for her attraction to other girls , Tila Tequila rides in at # 20 on our list of celebrities with dazzling Magic Mountains .
# 19 - Paris Hilton
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Even hotel heiress , Paris Hilton , can make an impression .
It 's no wonder just how attractive a wonderbra can make you look feel .
Either way , Paris Hilton made our list of water - balloon carrying hotties at # 19
# 18 - Jodie Marsh
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
English glamour model Jodie Marsh , has a set of bombs capable of bringing down the embassy .
When she 's not appearing topless or causing a scene on Big Brother , Jodie Marsh can be seen at # 18 on our list of big bosomed babes
# 17 - Tara Reid
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Any horse with two eyes can figure out the secret to Tara Reid 's success .
If you were putting your money on her incredible acting career , you 'd be wrong sir !
With her melon - sized gobstoppers and pepperoni-sized , post - operation nipples Tara Reid heats up the countdown at a sizzling # 17
# 16 - Ashlee Simpson
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Jessica Simpson 's little sister , ai n't so tiny !
Despite her sagging career as a song - stress , Ashlee Simpson manages to keep abreast on things that matter , like marriage and pregnancy .
For reasons relating to child birth , we have bounced Ashlee Simpson into slot # 16
# 15 - Carmen Electra
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
After she was Singled Out on MTV , Carmen Electra joined the cast of Baywatch .
Her work as an actress / dancer has n't been an epic journey , but if my mammaries are correct , I 'd say she 's had a very well - rounded career .
Carmen Electra busts out at # 15
# 14 - Petra Nemcova
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Her career as a fashion , Victoria 's Secret , and Sports Illustrated model is awe - inspiring .
Petra Nemcova is a delicate flower with two budding flourishing sprouts .
Her chesticles are so captivating , we filed this girl at # 14 up on our rack
# 13 - Christina Aguilera
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Christina Aguilera could shatter this list with her voice alone , but thankfully she 's got a pair of Lady Marmelade Cha - Chas , to help lift and separate her from the rest .
For hitting the high notes and exposing those funbags we propped Aguilera to lucky # 13
# 12 - Rihanna
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Rihanna 's appearance on the Billboard Hot 100 was n't entirely due to her singing abilities .
Her good looks , stunning physique , and Grand Canyon - like , chocolate cupcakes , helped this singer rock our charts at # 12
# 11 - Katy Perry
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
When she 's not writing songs about kissing other girls and liking it , Katy Perry likes to just hang out , literally !
Katy Perry has a set of big , beautiful bazongas , hence the # 11 position
# 10 - Kim Kardashian
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Shaking her way into the # 10 spot is Kim Kardashian .
Mainly known for her rump , Kim Kardashian has two other bumbs that are starting to gain attention .
May I present , Exhibit A and Exhibit B , respectively
# 9 - Jessica Simpson
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Bigger is n't always the breast .
Err... best !
Jessica Simpson is a Grade A celebrity with moderate - sized milk wagons .
Her multi-talented , multi- faceted career is just another reason why Jessica 's radio dials breaks our list into single digits , at # 9
# 8 - Scarlett Johansson
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Scar - Jo became famous for her outstanding performance in The Horse Whisperer .
But let 's be honest , there is nothing quiet about Scarlett Johansson .
From her vivacious green eyes , to her heavenly hooters , it 's no doubt she 's a star at # 8 on our list
# 7 - Elizabeth Hurley
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Before her roll in Austin Powers : International Man of Mystery little was known of Elizabeth Hurley .
Those days , however , are long gone .
Hurley manages to juggle her Hogan 's Heroes quite well as she struts along the busy street .
She is multi-talented and downright beautiful .
Oh yeah , she also shagged the # 7 spot
# 6 - Sofia Vergara
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
The spotlight came naturally to Sofia Vergara as she became the co-host of Fuera de Serie on the Univision Spanish - language network .
She was the co-host with the most cleavage and for that reason we plopped her cajungas at el numero seis ( # 6 )
# 5 - Jennifer Love Hewitt
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Cast into Party of Five it is quite obvious why Jennifer Love Hewitt is # 5 on our list .
It 's because of her Party of Two , get it , because she has two giant breasts
# 4 - Nikki Cox
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
We really could sit here and blab on some more about Nikki Cox and what wonderful rolls she has been a part of , but come on , look at those flashing headlights .
She is # 4 on our list for a reason people ..
# 3 - Salma Hayek
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Singer , actor , producer , and director , Salma Hayek is talented to say the least .
If her career were to ever nose dive , it 's safe to say , her dual air bags would promptly save her life .
Salma bursts through out list at #
3
# 2 - Halle Berry
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
She 's an Academy and Emmy Award - winning actress ; Halle Berry even has a pair of dazzling Golden Globes .
Shazzam !
Halle Berry has won her spot at # 2 on our list of beautiful women with beautiful sweater kittens
# 1 - Marisa Miller
Click image to view full length picture .
Opens in new window for your convenience .
Ladies and gentlemen , the weapons of mass distraction have been found .
Marisa Miller has topped our list at the # 1 position for exposing her artillery , including this pair of matching torpedos .
Please forward this to any friend of yours who would appreciate it !
Tags : top , best , hotties , cleavage October 09th , 2008 by
makeinstall on 10/11/2008 @ 12:05
I have to disagree with about 90 % of the choice of women here .
Ugly celebrities who lead minging lifestyles .
Salma
Hayek should be number one as well .
CHAOS on 10/12/2008 @ 00:04
Who would you prefer to see on the list , maybe we will make a new list with user recommendations !
Expressing the sense of Congress regarding the threat posed to international peace , stability in the Middle East , and the vital national security interests of the United States by Iran ’s pursuit of nuclear weapons and regional hegemony , and for other purposes .
( for himself and ) submitted the following concurrent resolution ; which was referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs
Whereas Iran is a party to the Treaty on the Non-Proliferation of Nuclear Weapons ( NPT ) , has foresworn the acquisition of nuclear weapons by ratification of the NPT , and is legally bound to declare and place all its nuclear activity under constant monitoring by the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) ;
Whereas for nearly 20 years , in clear contravention of its explicit obligations under the NPT , Iran operated a covert nuclear program until it was revealed by an Iranian opposition group in 2002 ;
Whereas the IAEA has confirmed such illicit covert nuclear activities as the importation of uranium hexafluoride , construction of a uranium enrichment facility , experimentation with plutonium , importation of centrifuge technology , construction of centrifuges , and importation of designs to convert highly enriched uranium gas into metal and shape it into the core of a nuclear weapon ;
Whereas Iran continues to expand the number of centrifuges at its enrichment facility , as made evident by its announced intention to begin installation of 6,000 advanced centrifuges to enrich uranium , in defiance of binding United Nations Security Council resolutions demanding Iran suspend enrichment activities ;
Whereas the November 2007 National Intelligence Estimate reported that Iran was secretly working on the design and manufacture of a nuclear warhead until at least 2003 , but that Iran could have enough highly enriched uranium for a nuclear weapon as soon as late 2009 ;
Whereas an Iranian nuclear weapons capability would pose a grave threat to international peace and security by fundamentally altering and destabilizing the strategic balance in the Middle East , and severely undermining the global nonproliferation regime ;
Whereas Iran ’s overt sponsorship of several terrorist groups , including Hamas and Hezbollah , and its close ties to Syria raise the possibility that Iran would share its nuclear materials and technology with others ;
Whereas Iran continues to develop ballistic missile technology and is pursuing the capability to field intercontinental ballistic missiles , a delivery system suited almost exclusively to nuclear weapons payloads ;
Whereas Iranian leaders have repeatedly called for the destruction of Israel , a major non-North Atlantic Treaty Organization ally , and a member of the United Nations ;
Whereas the United States , Russia , China , France , the United Kingdom , and Germany have offered , and continue to offer , to negotiate a significant package of economic , diplomatic , and security incentives if Iran complies with the United Nations Security Council ’s resolutions demanding that Iran suspend uranium enrichment ;
Whereas Iran has consistently refused such offers ;
Whereas as a result of Iran ’s failure to comply with the mandates of the United Nations Security Council , taken under Chapter VII of the United Nations ’
Charter , the international community has imposed limited sanctions over the past 2 years that have begun to have an impact on the Iranian economy ;
Whereas Iran ’s rapid development of its nuclear capabilities is outpacing the slow ratcheting up of economic and diplomatic sanctions ;
Whereas Iran has used its banking system , including the Central Bank of Iran , to support its proliferation efforts and its assistance to terrorist groups , leading the Department of Treasury to designate 4 large Iranian banks proliferators and supporters of terrorism ;
Whereas Iran ’s support for Hezbollah has enabled that group to wage war against the Government and people of Lebanon , leading to its political domination of that country ;
Whereas Iran ’s support for Hamas has enabled it to illegally seize control of Gaza from the Palestinian Authority , and to continuously bombard Israeli civilians with rockets and mortars ;
Whereas Iran continues to provide training , weapons , and financial assistance to Shi’a militants inside of Iraq and antigovernment warlords in Afghanistan ;
Whereas those Shi ’a militant groups and Afghan warlords use Iranian training , weapons , and financing to attack American and allied forces trying to support the legitimate Governments of Iraq and Afghanistan ;
Whereas Iran is further destabilizing the Middle East by underwriting a massive rearmament campaign by Syria ;
Whereas through these efforts , Iran seeks to establish regional hegemony , threatens longstanding friends and allies of the United States in the Middle East , and endangers vital American national security interests ; and
A new YouTube group , Taxpayers for Truth , has a good question to ask today .
The Bush administration frog - marched executives from Enron , Tyco , and Worldcom into federal prison for their financial shenanigans , in collapses that look positively microscopic in the wake of the failure of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac .
Why has n’t anyone in the recent failure received the same treatment ?
Here is the roster presented by the video , in brief :
Bernard Ebbers , Worldcom : 25 years in prison
Ken Lay , Enron : Convicted on 10 counts , died before serving sentence
Jeff Skilling , Enron : 24 years in prison
Andrew Fastow , Enron : 10 years in prison
Dennis Koslowski , Tyco : 8 years in prison
Mark Schwartz , Tyco : 8 years in prison
So how about the officers of Fannie Mae , who conducted similar kinds of fraud in their financial statements in order to pad bonuses and keep regulators from discovering their precarious position until it was too late ?
Franklin Raines never faced criminal charges , and instead settled a civil suit with a $ 2 million payoff — which came from Fannie Mae ’s insurance company .
Jim Johnson did n’t even have to do that much .
And where are they now ?
The Washington Post reported twice that Raines was advising the Barack Obama campaign , although they denied it .
Jim Johnson still advises the Obama campaign and had briefly led the search for a running mate .
Supposedly the FBI has begun a criminal probe into the actions of Fannie Mae management over the years , but we ’ll see if that proceeds .
The final quote at the end says it all .
Liar , liar , Grampa McSame pants on fire .
Clearly , McCain is not used to the YouTube generation where you can no longer lie without a bunch of bloggers furiously fact - checking .
And the facts for McCain , they do n't look so good .
Progressive Accountability :
McCain Defended Opposition Of Federal MLK Holiday By Saying He Supported Arizona 's State Holiday .
During a press availability in Panama City , Florida , John McCain said , " I have supported hundreds of pieces of legislation , which would help Americans obtain an equal opportunity in America .
I am proud of that record , from fighting for the recognition of Dr. Martin Luther King 's birthday in my state to sponsoring specific legislation that would prevent discrimination in any shape or form in America today . "
[ McCain Press Availability In Panama City , Florida , 8/1/08 ] FACT : McCain Supported Republican AZ Governor 's Decision To Rescind MLK Holiday .
ABC
News reported , " In Arizona , a bill to recognize a holiday honoring MLK failed in the legislature , so then - Gov. Bruce Babbitt , a Democrat , declared one through executive order .
In January 1987 , the first act of Arizona 's new governor , Republican Evan Mecham , was to rescind the executive order by his predecessor to create an MLK holiday .
Arizona 's stance became a national controversy .
McCain backed the decision at the time . "
[ ABC News , 4/3/08 ] FACT : McCain Supported Gov. Evan Mecham's Decision In 1987 To Rescind Martin Luther King Jr. Day .
As reported by the Philadelphia Inquirer , " In a vote likely to haunt him for the rest of his public career , McCain voted against 1983 legislation establishing the third Monday in January as the federal holiday marking King 's birthday .
Back home in Arizona , he supported Gov. Evan Mecham 's decision in 1987 to rescind an executive order creating a state holiday for King , but later reversed his position . "
[ Philadelphia Inquirer , 6/16/08 ]
FACT : McCain Voted Against Creating Martin Luther King Holiday .
In 1983 , McCain voted against a motion to suspend the rules and pass a bill to designate the third Monday of every January as a federal holiday in honor of the late civil rights leader , the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. The motion passed 89 - 77 .
[ HR 3706 , Vote 289 , 8/2/83 ; CQ 1983 ]
He 's tried to back pedal that this was some youthful ignorance on his part , but he was 48 years old when he voted against the MLK holiday .
As much as I 'd like to characterize 48 as youthful -- and trust me , nothing would make me happier , that just is n't going to fly .
( Natural News )
The Indiana House of Representatives is considering a bill that would prohibit dairy products from being labeled as free of recombinant bovine growth hormone ( rBGH ) .
RBGH , also known as recombinant bovine somatotropin ( rBST ) , is an artificially synthesized version of the growth hormone that normally occurs in cows .
When injected into dairy cows , rBGH vastly increases their milk production .
But consumer concerns over the potential health effects of dairy products produced with rBGH have led an increasing number of brands and retailers to advertise their products as " rBGH - free .
"
The synthetic hormone 's use is not permitted in the European Union .
Indiana HB 1300 is meant to prevent the mislabeling of dairy products , according to its author , Rep. Bill Friend .
If passed , HB 1300 would prohibit making any claims on dairy labels that cannot be supported by laboratory analysis .
Current Indiana rules , along with FDA rules and the rules of all other U.S. states , allow labels to specify that products were produced from cows not treated with rBGH .
But if HB 1300 becomes law , makers of rBGH - free milk would have to prove in laboratory tests that their product is different from milk produced with the hormones .
RBGH manufacturer Monsanto has repeatedly claimed that " rBGH - free " claims unfairly make consumers believe that milk produced with hormones is different than milk produced without it .
Critics of the bill argue that consumers have overwhelmingly demonstrated that they want hormone - free milk .
Major dairy brands Tillamook cheese and Ben & Jerry 's ice cream now use rBGH - free milk in their products , as does the U.S. store Starbucks Coffee . " [ HB 1300 ] would be a serious infringement on the free speech rights of farmers who want to inform the public about their agricultural practices , " said Wenonah Hauter , executive director of Food and Water Watch .
" Indiana 's consumers , like consumers nationally , are rejecting milk made with rBGH and have to be given the basic right to choose the characteristics of the food they buy . "
Home | More Videos | About Us | Contact | Subscribe | Donate
Key 9/11 eye witness
" commits suicide " What he said Subscribe to Brasscheck TV Your e-mail address is kept absolutely private
We make it easy to unsubscribe at any time
Bombs in the basement
Advertisement
The Daily News reported yesterday that Kenny Johannemann - a key witness in the WTC 9/11 bombings - recently committed suicide .
I call him a key witness because in spite of aggressive prodding from reporters about " the planes , " he clearly called what happened on the upper floors of the World Trade Center " explosions . "
More important , Johannemann reported a massive explosion in the basement of one of the Twin Towers and rescuing someone who received full body burns from an explosion that took place at the base - not the top - of the building .
( The Daily News obscured this part of the story in their report today . )
The suicide note purportedly left by Johannemann stated that he had " lost friends and family " over " his drinking " which the letter attributes to his depression since 9/11 .
Here is the entire text of the note as reported in the Daily News :
" The reason I killed myself was ' cause I was getting evicted and can't handle homelessness .
I was also very depressed since 9/11 .
I 've been drinking way too much and it 's ruined my life .
I 've lost friends and family over drinking and I 'm very lonely .
There is nothing left for me to be happy about other than my cat .
Sounds weird , but it 's true .
I just wanted to say I 'm sorry 2 any people I ever hurt in my life .
I really was a good person when I was n't drinking .
I hope people remember that .
Goodbye !!!
Kenny Johannemann "
I wonder if the person who wrote this suicide note bothered to spend any time listening to Johannemann speak .
Johannemann had a large extended family and large social network which , according to his cousin Gerald Maya , universally held him in high regard .
Maya had offered him a place to live .
You have to ask yourself two thing :
1 . Would a man shoot himself in the head because he faced eviction when he had a family and social safety net like that ?
2 . Would someone as well spoken as Johannemann demonstrated himself to be on live TV , write a suicide note that sounds more like a teen aged boy 's text message than a grown man 's final testament ?
Keep in mind that there are other people , more visible than Johannemann , who are actively telling the same story he did in public venues .
You can bet that Johannemann 's " suicide " has sent them a message loud and clear about their safety or lack of it .
In case you were concerned about them , these eye witnesses are alive and well :
I saw the planes , the fire melted the buildings and ( long term CIA asset ) Osama bin Laden did it !
Do n’t agree with the IRS ?
Sue them .
That ’s just what an accountant and one of clients did .
For years , the accountant has been protesting a tax law , and they have finally had a court rule in their favor .
The exciting part , is that the ruling also affects 30 million other people !
You could be one of them if you were the policyholder of an insurance company that demutualized .
What is Demutualization ?
A mutual insurance company is owned by the policy holders .
When the company decides to go public , and issue shares to the policy holders , the process of converting is called demutualization .
It ’s similar to the bank IPOs mutual to stock conversion process that I ’ve been a part of .
Examples of popular insurance companies that demutualized in the last ten years are : John Hancock , Met Life , Prudential , and Principal .
Who is Eligible for a Refund ?
There is a three year statue of limitations to amend your tax return .
Taxes paid in 2005 have until April 15 , 2009 to file an amendment .
Therefore , policyholders who received cash or stock after January 1 , 2005 are eligible for the refund .
In addition , if you received stock prior to 2005 , but did n’t sell it until 2005 or after , you are also eligible .
The accountant made a list of insurance companies that demutualized .
Unfortunately , many policyholders will be out of luck if they sold their stock right away , as many of the companies demutualized before 2005 .
How Much is the Refund ?
The ruling determined that only the gain of the stock is taxable .
Previously the law stated that the entire value of the stock was taxable .
Here ’s an example :
Insurance company “ A ” demutualized .
You receive 10 shares of stock valued at $ 45 each .
You sell the stocks at $ 55 each and receive $ 550 .
Let ’s say your tax bracket is 25 % .
You pay $ 137.50 in tax .
Under the new ruling , only the gain ( $ 100 ) is taxable .
Your tax is only $ 25 , so you are entitled to a refund of $ 112.50 .
The amount of your refund will depend on the insurance company where you were a policyholder , how many shares you received , how much the value of the stock increased , and your tax bracket .
How to Claim Your Refund
You will need to amend your tax return using Form 1040X .
For more information , or to follow the process , see the website of the accountant : Charles Ulrich .
Spread the Word
Even if you did n’t receive a distribution , you may want to pass on the message .
30 million people is a whopping 10 % of the current U.S. Population , so you probably have someone close to you who received cash or stock during a demutualization .
Here ’s hoping that they held their stock for awhile so they wo n’t be excluded by the statue of limitations .
Action Plan
I remember my husband ’s grandma telling me she received some shares from their insurance company awhile back .
I think it might have been John Hancock .
I ’ll have my husband give her a call today to find out when she sold the stock !
This article included in Carnival of Personal Finance # 168 .
These lofts look gorgeous and are n’t meant ( only ) for children .
If we are to believe their designers , Awakawa and Madeline Gins , they ’re like a fountain of youth and happiness .
How could that be ?
Well it seems whoever designed them , managed to create a living space where their residents discover what makes their body function .
And how .
Thus giving them the chance to doubt themselves and ask questions about themselves .
Hence the notion “ reversible destiny ” attached to this architectural invention .
Word is , these reversible destiny lofts can make your life longer .
I wonder if looking at them suffices !
The oddly designed and decorated lofts are available for rent for $ 2,000 / $ 2,400 per month .
( via )
Left to Right : Sen. Evan Bayh ( D - Indiana ) , retired General Wesley Clark , Kansas Governor Kathleen Sebelius , Virginia Governor Tim Kaine , Rep. Chet Edwards ( D - Texas ) and Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell are those thought to be among Barack Obama 's vice - presidential picks .
* Photos :
Evan Bayh - Alex Brandon / AP ;
Wesley Clark - Alex Brandon / AP ; Kathleen Sebelius - Paul Sancya / AP ; Tim Kaine - Harry Cabluck / AP ;
Chet Edwards - Lauren Victoria Burke / AP ;
Ed Rendell - Hans Deryk / AP *
Readers : Please see update .
Barack Obama said Thursday that he 's decided on a running mate , but he 's keeping mum on just who that someone is .
After all – he 's promised supporters that they would be the first to know via e-mail and text message .
That announcement is expected to be made sometime Friday , or even Saturday .
A presidential nominee 's choice of a running mate often ultimately boils down to their comfort level in a working relationship with another individual , says Tad Devine , founder of the political messaging and media firm Devine Mulvey .
Devine served as Texas senator Lloyd Bentsen 's campaign manager when he was on the ticket in 1988 as vice president with former Massachusetts
Governor Michael Dukakis .
" It has a lot more to do with the background screening and the individual personal chemistry and dynamics .
That 's what 's really the driving force , " he says .
" It 's about picking someone who you can have complete confidence in .
When they walk out into that press conference , and when they stand there and make their speech , or whatever it is , that they will comport themselves in such a way that there will be no questions about their capacity to serve not only as vice president , but ultimately as a president . "
Obama has his own personal criteria for his pick , and his political strategists probably have theirs .
But given that both Obama 's campaign and the Democratic party as a wholehave committed themselves to establishing a national broadband strategy , and that there 's an opportunity for a vice president to set a tone and to boost pet policies , we thought we 'd look at potential picks ' backgrounds , if any , in boosting broadband , a key piece of infrastructure for economic development .
Several of the politicians whose names have been floated are governors , or former governors of their states .
That 's noteworthy because it usually means that they 've had to deal with a whole spectrum of issues that inevitably includes infrastructure .
Almost all of the politicians whose names have been mentioned as potential picks and who are governors have been engaged in encouraging the roll out of emerging telecommunications services .
That 's helpful to an administration interested in fostering the rollout of ubiquitous broadband because those individuals should have had some experience in managing the competing interests between advocacy groups and business interests in the complex world of telecommunications politics .
Ideally , a leader would have the ability to bring those people together to bring them to a consensus to push a policy forward .
Al Gore convened meetings every Tuesday morning between top administration officials to coordinate on telecom policy issues , for example , recalls Larry Irving , a former adviser to the Clinton White House on telecom policy as an assistant secretary in the National Telecommunications and Information Administration .
Virginia Governor Tim Kaine , a 50 - year - old Democrat who 's been mentioned as among the top contenders for the running - mate position , only just began to investigate the idea of bringing ubiquitous , affordable broadband to all the residents in his state last summer .
He 's established a committee to come up with a report with ideas on how to achieve the goal , but there does n't appear to have been much more of a development beyond that .
Kaine 's record on getting anything done so far in improving the state 's transportation infrastructure is n't encouraging .
Pundits admit that his efforts have been stymied by the Republican - controlled legislature , however .
Nevertheless Larry Sabato , a political science professor at the University of Virginia , has a pretty damning verdict .
" Having known every governor since Albertis Harrison ( 1962 -1966 ) and having studied the records of the dozen most recent governors , I would characterize Kaine 's term to this point as belonging to the bottom quartile , " he recently wrote in an editorial this July .
Kansas Governor Kathleen Sebelius , a 60 - year - old Democrat in a
Republican state , for her part in May signed into law a telecom bill that requires broadband providers to file reports about the geographic areas that they serve to state regulatory authorities .
The first report is due October 1 .
The bill also requires the state antitrust authority to approve mergers and acquisitions between telecom companies within
120 days .
Some pundits think Sebelius is a good pick because of her record on being able to work across party lines .
Like Kaine , the political downside to the potential pick is that she does n't have any foreign policy experience that could balance out Obama 's relative lack of experience .
Pennsylvania Governor Ed Rendell , the 64 - year - old politician who was a hearty supporter of Hillary Clinton 's during the primaries , is another name that 's been floated .
Philadelphia 's botched muni WiFi project is probably the first thing that springs to mind when thinking of broadband rollout in
Pennsylvania .
The ambitious project was mired in politics .
Rendell himself favored the telecom incumbents ' position .
He preferred to give telecom companies first dibs at having the option of providing service to an area before a municipality decided to embark on a project itself .
The Pennsylvania legislature approved a bill that made that set up a law in 2004 .
Rendell also signed into law last month a bill that exempts VOIP
servies from being regulated by state agencies , except for enforcing existing rules concerning 911 and a few other services .
He 's also approved state grants in the past to bring broadband to schools .
Indiana senator Evan Bayh , the state 's 52 - year - old former governor , is another hot pick among the chattering classes .
He also endorsed
Clinton during the primaries .
But he 's opposed as a V.P. pick by many anti-war activists and the netroots because of his early support for the Iraq war .
He was also one of the Democrats this July who voted in favor of the FISA Amendments act , which provided legal immunity to telecom companies for participating in President Bush 's warrantless wiretapping program and updated the nation 's electronic surveillance laws .
Despite the vocal online opposition to the prospect of Bayh becoming vice president from the liberal blogosphere , " 100,000 Strong Against Evan Bayh for V.P. , " a Facebook group started last week has so far only gathered just over 4,000 members .
Many in the progressive / liberal blogosphere prefer retired general __Wesley Clark __as a V.P. pick .
" The political argument for Clark is simple .
He is a great surrogate for Democrats , with experience in 2004 and 2006 on the campaign trail , and a genuine national base of supporters , " argued progressive activist Matt Stoller on OpenLeft , a prominent lefty blog .
Stoller and a friend Aaron Ament even went so far as to launch a petition to push for Clark .
During the 2008 campaign , Obama had repeated disagreements with the netroots .
So it would n't be a surprise if he ignored their online rants and goes ahead and picks Bayh .
The Associated Press * * reports Friday that Rep. Chet Edwards of Texas is also in the running .
See Also :
by Michael Tracey
In the mid-1980s David Mills had tried to get a budget together to make a documentary based on my work on public broadcasting , making the case that market forces would prove disastrous for broadcasting as a means of serving the public interest .
We would also argue that deregulation , along the lines of American television , would be deeply unfortunate , along with the more nuanced argument that there is , anyhow , no such thing as de-regulation – there is only regulation ( ie someone making decisions about content ) in the public interest or a private interest .
Culture is never , finally , neutral .
David ’s efforts came to nothing .
We did however keep in touch .
He was aware , vaguely , of how during 1997 I had been drawn into talking about the case in scores of interviews , across all media .
It was , in fact , a good opportunity to make the point about the problems of journalistic practice in a market - driven environment that he and I had discussed many times .
In September 1997 , I decided to write an op - ed piece for the Sunday edition of the local paper , the Daily Camera ( cf. appendix . )
The peg for the piece was the debate about the role of the paparazzi in the death of Princess Diana in Paris on August 31 , 1997 .
I argued that the question of the tabloid and mainstream media obsession with Diana should come as no surprise to anyone , particularly anyone living in Boulder .
We had had for nine months a pitch perfect example of exactly the same kind of obsession in the coverage of JonBenet and her parents .
At the end of January , a month after her death , there were three hundred reporters in Boulder , covering the case .
The rhetorical question that the piece asked was simple : how come we all know the Ramseys are guilty ?
The answer was obvious , as I have already stated : that was the only story being told .
Shortly after the op - ed appeared I got a phone call from Bryan Morgan .
I did n’t know much about Bryan then ( we have since become good friends ) other than that he represented John Ramsey and that he was founding partner , with Hal Haddon , of one of the most powerful criminal defense law firms in the western states .
My immediate reaction was to wonder if there was something in the article I had written that had raised his hackles .
I could n’t imagine what that could be since I think I can reasonably claim that it was one of the first times the possibility had been raised in the media that maybe the case was n’t so tight and shut as everyone was assuming .
He told me that he wanted to come and talk , and so we did , meeting in my small cramped office in the Norlin Library on the CU campus .
I explained to him my position , a mini-version of the arguments I expanded upon in the Prologue , and added that I had no view as to the guilt or innocence of his clients , and that my main concern was with the nature of the media coverage , the role of the tabloids and the fact that , guilty or innocent , the Ramseys still had rights that were being trashed .
It was an interesting conversation but when he left I assumed that was the end of it .
A couple of days later , however , Bryan called me again with a startling proposal .
He told me that Patsy Ramsey wanted to come and talk to one of my classes .
I must admit that I burst out laughing .
The Ramseys were the most wanted couple in America , the ultimate “ get ” for all the major media figures like Barbara Walters , Dan Rather , Diane Sawyer , but they had been totally hunkered down , on the advice of their attorneys , for whom defense law 101 is your clients do n’t talk , and here she wanted to come and talk to a bunch of college kids .
We agreed to meet next day for lunch .
As I put the phone down , I had an idea and called David .
I found him in a bookshop in Scotland .
I briefly explained the context and then with that temerity again showing its head said that we should make a documentary that would allow us to make the point that we had discussed all those years before by telling the story of how the story of JonBenet had been told .
And I added , if I can get the Ramseys will you produce it .
Barely thinking ( something that there would be many moments he would regret ) he said yes .
The First Time I Met John Ramsey
I met Bryan the next day at The James Irish Pub .
With him was Pat Burke , Patsy ’s attorney .
They had come expecting to discuss how we could get Patsy into one of my classrooms , without drawing any media attention .
I suggested that I had a better idea .
I told them that I wanted to make a documentary about the media story of JonBenet ’s death , but that to do that I had to put their clients on camera .
In television terms you could no more make such a movie than you could stage Hamlet without the Prince .
There was also a practical reason , in that no network was going to put up a budget if they were not interviewed .
As they heard my proposal , Bryan and Pat – both of whom are very high - end criminal defense attorneys whose talents you definitely never want to be in a position to need – looked at me as if I were a lunatic .
When your clients are assumed by the whole world to be guilty of killing their daughter , when an indictment is obvious , when the whole of the world ’s media would love to talk to them and is anyhow spewing forth extraordinary amounts of so - called “ information , ” the absolutely last thing you do is let them talk .
However , as I was about to learn for the first ( but not the last ) time , the normal laws of moral physics do not exist in the universe that swirls around her death .
They said that they would put my proposal to the Ramseys , clearly assuming that there was no way this was going to happen .
They were wrong .
Within about 24 hours Bryan called me again and said , much to even my amazement , “ they ’re interested . ”
The first time I met John Ramsey was in the foyer of the Hyatt in Marietta , Georgia , in early December 1997 .
He had come to take Bryan Morgan and I to his house on Paces Ferry Road .
David would be flying in later from filming in Bucharest .
As we shook hands on first meeting , I could n’t help but wonder whether I were shaking hands with a child killer .
That whole weekend had a kind of out of body sense to it : trying to negotiate an interview , all the while looking at them , searching for a clue , something that would reveal an inner , ghastly persona capable of killing .
Nothing .
Here was a life , it seemed of wealthy ordinariness , caught up in vicious extra-ordinariness .
There were other little clues that weekend .
We went to dinner at a private , elegant club on Peachtree , in Atlanta , where they were well known .
The waiter greeted them warmly , not it seemed to me out of any obsequiousness , rather out of genuine affection .
At one point in the evening David , who was sitting next to Patsy , asked how she coped with the pressure of being accused by the whole world of killing her child .
She started to cry .
Not out loud , rather out of what seemed like a private agony .
David and I would both note that John seemed not to react , carrying on his conversation with me .
Instead Bryan got up , moved around the table , put his arms around her , and led her from the dining room .
From another table , a lady rose , followed them out , and suggested she take Patsy into the ladies powder room so that she could compose herself .
Later David and I discussed this incident and John Ramsey ’s apparent aloofness to his wife ’s distress .
Could it be , as many had suggested , that he did indeed have ice in his veins , that he had the cold stone heart of man who could indeed kill his own child with blithe indifference ?
Or could it be that in the context of unimaginable pressure and accusation he had to hold his composure , for his sake , for Patsy , for the family ?
For if not him who could , would , should ?
I now see John Ramsey as man with almost surreal courage , the likes of which I have never , before or since , seen .
The following morning , Sunday , David and I sat down with the Ramseys at the dining table in their home to discuss the interview .
Bryan sat quietly alongside one wall .
We had a drawn up a list of conditions that we insisted on .
Looking back there was nothing if not British hubris in this : here were two people who were possibly , one or both , facing the death penalty , who were being begged by their attorneys not to talk to us , who were in demand by every major news organization in America for “ the interview , ” and here we were saying we ’ll do this but only if you accept our conditions .
These were basically that we could ask any question we wanted , no exceptions ; that they would have absolutely no editorial involvement , indeed that they would never see the programme before it was broadcast ; and that if we found out anything damaging to their case we would use it .
The only clause which Morgan asked to be included was that we would agree not to broadcast the documentary during the time that any grand jury – if it were empanelled – was sitting .
( This clause would cause much confusion and silliness , and in the end was revoked by the attorneys at our bidding . )
That we had put these conditions forward came largely from the fact that we knew that any attempt to get a commission out of the UK would be very much dependent on our convincing the commissioning editor that what we were proposing was a piece of independent investigative journalism and not – as we would inevitably be accused – a softball interview .
We laid out these conditions to John and Patsy , and generally discussed our ideas as to what we had in mind : a story had been told about them and this crime , a story which we wanted to interrogate to see if another story could have been told .
They listened , agreed , we stood up , facing each other across the table , shook hands and they signed the agreement .
Bryan Morgan went to an even whiter shade of pale because of what had just happened .
The inevitable thought that came to mind , however , was why would two people , if they were the killers , allow two Brits to interview them with these terms .
If they were guilty , and they were still agreeable to cooperating , in the form of a major interview , then we were clearly involved in something that married the bizarre with the surreal .
It could be argued that they , or at least those , like Susan Stine , whose counsel they sought knew something of my own position because of the numerous media interviews I ’d given over the previous months .
That position , however , was never that that they were innocent or guilty , only that the media coverage was vastly overdone and deeply prejudicial to any legal rights they had under the Constitutional provision to be presumed innocent .
However , they could have no idea about Mills ’ position on the case if only because he did n’t really have one .
I also explained to them that David came out of a tradition of broadcast journalism , that of British public service broadcasting , that treasured its integrity and independence .
His mentor , Ray Fitzwalter of Granada Television , was legendary for both his nurturing of brilliant investigative journalism and for his utter , incorruptible integrity ( pity the producer who put in padded expenses to Ray , or did n’t nail the story factually as well as conceptually . )
The Ramseys would have been stupid beyond belief to imagine that Mills would allow himself to become – please forgive the pun – a patsy .
Left Hand , Right Hand
When I returned home after this meeting there were the inevitable questions of : well , what are they like , did they do it ?
To which my reply , utterly subjective , grounded in nothing more than a feeling , was “ no way . ”
But I was always quick to add : but even if they did , that ’s irrelevant to us .
Later , as we filmed , the same experience would confront others .
Dan Glick and Sherry Keene - Osborne , who wrote for Newsweek , were working with us as associate producers and had done some wonderful , revisionist journalism about the case .
Neither had met the Ramseys until we started to film the interview .
Both came away with that same sense of “ no - way . ”
Having said that , it is important to understand that Dan and Sherry were as open to evidence that pointed at the Ramseys as that which pointed away .
Dan and I in fact used to keep what we would call our left hand , right hand column moments .
In the left column would be evidence that pointed away , the right evidence that pointed at them , and in particular Patsy .
There was also one memorable moment at dinner the first night of filming , in March 1998 .
Bryan Morgan , tears in his eyes , recalled the moment when he realized that John at least was not involved .
It was when , at one point in 1997 , he was describing how JonBenet had died and it became clear to him that John “ had n’t a clue . ”
For me , though , one reaction in particular stood out .
We had hired as our cameraman - director Patrick Turley .
Patrick is wonderful at his craft .
He was by this time semi-retired .
He had won numerous awards , and when Stanley Kubrick had wanted someone to shoot the New York scenes of Eyes Wide Shut , he had asked Patrick to do it – Kubrick famously never traveled .
Patrick could also be testy , something that reflected both his perfectionism and an edgy psychology .
He was also deeply cynical in a manner that Brits have mastered .
He had in his career seen and filmed it all , war , mayhem , corruption .
That same first night of the interview he said , to no - one in particular , “ I ca n’t see it . ”
Of course , none of this was , or could , be conclusive .
To have “ seen ” in the Ramseys “ innocence , ” would have been as wrong - headed , as irrational and stupid , as to have “ seen ” in them “ guilt . ”
Over the next several years and two more documentaries , however , Mills and I became convinced that they were innocent .
Following the December Atlanta meeting there were weeks of intense negotiation , a back and forth between me and the attorneys , as David was back in the UK trying to get a budget together .
What became quite clear was that whatever the advice , John Ramsey wanted to talk , indeed needed desperately to talk .
I remember one key meeting , on a Saturday in the law offices of Mike Bynum , John ’s friend and business partner .
Everyone was there , ( with one key exception ) : David , Dan , Sherry , Bryan , Pat Burke , Hal Haddon and Lee Foreman , the other senior partner in the Morgan , Haddon law firm .
I made the pitch as to why they should do it , basically arguing that we would be professional , that their clients needed to be heard and definitely wanted to be heard .
There was surprisingly little opposition , because John Ramsey , the one vote that counted , had decided that we should proceed , and had told his attorneys of his decision .
The deal was done .
David got a budget from the British network , Channel Four , and in March 1998 we arrived in Atlanta .
It had started .
There was one strange , vivid moment that , looking back , suggested the real extent to which JonBenet would enter my life .
I had set my alarm for 6:00 am on the morning I would fly out to Atlanta .
I had a dream about her , and recall vividly her saying , “ Time to wake up Professor Tracey . ”
I awoke , slightly startled because it really did feel real .
It was 5:59 am .
In January , 1998 I wrote a longish note to David suggesting what seemed to me to be the essential themes we needed to confront :
“ David / here are a few initial thoughts on the programme .
We will obviously need to think long and hard about how to proceed .
The trump card which we have is the Ramseys .
Their involvement is what will get the attention .
The down side to that is that we will be accused of being part of their PR campaign .
So we will need to stay focused on the heart of the matter , which in effect is to put the American media on trial , and in so doing put America itself in the dock because without an audience for what Teddy White called “ the schlock storm ” it would n’t exist .
Background On December 26th 1996 the body of JonBenet Ramsey was found in the basement of her home .
Her skull had been fractured , she had been strangled and she may or may not have been sexually assaulted .
She was six years old , her home was in Boulder , Colorado and her death was to become the latest example of an American pastime , private tragedy as public spectacle .
Almost immediately two things happened : 1 . her death became a major news story , with remarkably extensive coverage on tv and radio and in newspapers .
At one point in January there were three hundred journalists in Boulder covering the story .
It became a fixture on local television news , on cable programmes and primetime network news magazines .
Even the London Sunday Times was to carry it as the cover story for its magazine , which featured a photo of JonBenet and the line “ The Kiddie - Porn Killing :
How the murder of a six year - old beauty queen chilled America ’s soul . ”
That in itself was interesting because what it represented was the way in which an essential interpretation of what had happened , that the case was an example of familial sexual abuse , had become so prevalent that it had crossed the Atlantic .
2 . there was an immediate and widespread assumption , fueled by media coverage , which was itself partly fed by the Police Department , that the parents were guilty of killing the child .
The flow of “ information ” went : police dept leaks info to media , including tabloids and local paper , which publishes it as ‘ fact , ” which reassures the public , which has already been reassured by Durgin ’s statement ( this was the mayor ’s statement on January 2 , that the police were not scouring the streets of Boulder for a child killer , a comment she said , when we interviewed her for the first documentary , she very much regretted ) and which is anyhow disposed to believe the spin because of its own sense of how these kinds of crime happen , and which is anyhow fascinated with the case , and which wants more , which leads to further leaks to the increasing numbers of journalists covering the case , and so on as a public “ understanding ” of what happened and who did it becomes a powerful and unquestioned orthodoxy .
There is an obvious connection between the two , since the overwhelming tone of the coverage has often implied , and sometimes overtly stated , that the parents were guilty .
It is clear that this was a conclusion that was arrived at early on by the police .
Their problem was that they were then unable to make the case so that an indictment could be brought .
This is why they decided to use the media to create a climate of public opinion which would force the DA to bring the Ramsey ’s to trial .
In my first conversation with Bryan Morgan , John Ramsey ’s attorney , he said that when the story of the case was eventually told the real hero who would emerge would be a figure in the DA ’s office ( I now know that Bryan had Pete Hofstrom in mind , a man who was widely regarded not just an excellent assistant district attorney but someone who was ethically unimpeachable , and who has maintained a studied silence on the case to this day . )
He seemed to be suggesting that it was this person in particular who had been primarily responsible for resisting the pressure to go to trial .
In the recent Louise Woodward case ( an English nanny working in New England who had been accused of killing a child ) it became clear that many Brits were surprised , shocked even , by the role of the media in the case , for example the television appearance of the parents before the jury had arrived at a verdict .
The reality is that there was nothing unusual in this in terms of the relationship between the US media and the judicial process .
In the context of the Ramseys there is no -one in the whole of the United States who has not been repeatedly told that the parents did it .
One real puzzle , however , which may be beyond the scope of a television programme is why there was such a ready and potent willingness among the public to accept such an interpretation given that there is little meaningful evidence to sustain such certainty . ”
Looking back there is little that I would change .
Storming the Bastille of Words
The errors in the media story were especially egregious precisely because they were fundamentally unfair and utterly denied the Ramseys the most basic of rights , to be presumed innocent .
In the end the system worked and there was no indictment , but it was all perilously close .
The point David and I have been trying to make through the documentaries was that the story of JonBenet ’s murder was a perfect avatar for a brute and new reality about American journalism , one which is increasingly boorish , banal , corrupt and debased , and that more importantly its condition was metastasizing into the body politic , and in particular into the judicial process and the rights of the citizen under the Constitution .
So the brute premise was that even those – perhaps especially those – who would eventually be found guilty of heinous crime had rights .
This was , it seemed to me something which never came close to being granted to the Ramseys .
There is , I believe and hope , a certain reasonable purpose in spending a decade of one ’s life focused on one child murder .
I am , I recognize , grasping here for a certain justification of purpose .
Why her , why this case ?
I ’ve thought about this question many times , but only recently began to fathom what might be an answer , with the help of many hours of conversation with a wise and gentle man whom I ’ll refer to here simply as DG .
It was , in fact , those conversations that guided me to the thoughts that I expressed in the Prologue .
In the same year that JonBenet died there were 804 children below the age of twelve murdered in the United States .
She was one .
Yet her death took on iconic status .
She became Marilyn , Elvis , the Diana of slaughtered children , as her name entered the inner sanctum of public memory and knowledge .
About that six year old child , about her demise , a mountain of lies were told .
And if we cannot tell the truth about a child ’s death , what else can we , as a culture , lie about ?
The right to know the truth about JonBenet ’s death is no different than the right to know the truth about , say , war and security .
Tom Paine warned that if the majority of the people were denied the truth and ideas of truth it was time to storm what he called the “ Bastille of Words . ”
David Mills and I set out to storm that Bastille of Words about the Ramsey case using the power of television .
One obvious aspect was that as a student of culture who has spent many years writing and talking about the deepening corruption of cultural and , in particular , journalistic values here was a pitch perfect example of the argument , and it was on my own door step .
As I suggested in the Prologue , the nature of the coverage suggested that the country I had idealized as a boy was falling well short of those ideals .
I was also motivated by a profound sense that , not only was she an innocent about whose death the truth should out , a child who had not , in all likelihood been killed by her parents , but that the family were being bullied , by the media and a great swathe of the public , and in my world view there is a special place reserved on the inner ring of hell for the bully .
I ’ve felt this way since childhood , perhaps because when your father dies when you are only four years old the world becomes a scary place , and you develop a fearful sense that it is peopled by those who will prey on the vulnerable and when you are four , and your dad has gone , who will protect you ?
Yourself , if you can .
And with that comes a belief , at least it did with me , that when you see someone being bullied , you have a moral responsibility to help them .
I guess it was as simple as that : this was not the America of my boyhood dreaming ; it did n’t make sense that they would do this ; and I felt profoundly sorry for them .
Next : Daxis
INDEX
BEIJING ( Reuters ) -
The toll of Chinese children ill from toxic milk formula may have nearly doubled since the Health Ministry ’s last public count , local media reports show , but an official said on Wednesday the number of new cases was falling .
A child undergoes a medical check for possible kidney stones at a hospital in Hefei , Anhui province , September 21 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jianan
Yu
Beijing is struggling with fallout from adulteration of milk with the industrial chemical melamine .
At home four babies have died , and thousands of infants fell sick , while around the world products made with Chinese milk have been recalled .
The government has not updated figures issued on September 21 , when it said that 12,892 infants were in hospital , 104 with serious illness , and close to 40,000 others were affected but did not need major treatment .
But reports from local media across the country compiled by Reuters suggest the number of affected children has risen to nearly 94,000 , although most are not in a serious condition .
In some areas diagnoses rocketed up in the space of just a few days .
In the most extreme case , northwestern Gansu province , the number of sick children climbed to 13,459 by Sept 26 from 1,695 a week earlier , the official Xinhua agency said .
Worst hit so far is central Henan province , with over 30,000 cases by the end of September .
Neighboring Hebei also has nearly 16,000 cases .
The province is home to Sanlu Dairy group , which made the contaminated formula that sparked the broader scandal .
Despite the rash of cases across the country -- few areas appear to have been entirely immune -- the government says it has the problem under control and recent checks have found no trace of melamine , the toxic additive , in liquid milk .
The number of sick children appearing at hospitals is also falling after news of the problem has blanketed domestic media and spread across the internet , prompting parents to take extra care about what they feed their children .
“ The daily reports of infants who were diagnosed and hospitalized are decreasing noticeably , ” said Chen Junshi , a researcher from Institute of Nutrition and Food Safety of Chinese Center for Disease Control and Prevention .
But he declined to say how many had been ill overall .
“ I ’m not authorized to publish the number of sick infants , ” he added at a news conference held by the Ministry of Health .
Even if the pace of new diagnoses is slowing , there is still room for a major leap in the total number of affected children because some of the country ’s most densely populated cities and provinces , like Shanghai , have not yet disclosed any figures .
NEW STANDARDS
Public worries about tainted milk have been diluted in the past two weeks , as China was transfixed by the country ’s first space walk and then enjoying the week - long National Day holiday .
But as part of an ongoing effort to restore confidence in the “ made in China ” brand , the government on Wednesday also released new dairy safety standards , that set limits on melamine , a cheap industrial chemical that can be used to cheat quality checks .
The limits set by the Ministry of Health ’s new standards are one milligram of melamine per kilogram for infant formula , 2.5 milligrams per kilogram for liquid milk , milk powder and food products containing at least 15 percent milk .
The U.S. Food and Drug Administration said earlier this month that no amount of melamine is safe in baby formula , but China said it has set levels low enough to protect its people ’s health .
“ There is probably a little amount of melamine in the environment , ” Wang Xuening , deputy director of the Health Ministry ’s Health Supervision Bureau , told the conference .
“ So we could n’t set zero levels , ” he said , adding that melamine content below the new limit is definitely not a threat to human health .
Wang said the limits mainly aim to curb deliberate use of the chemical as an additive .
Hebei province has already arrested 27 people suspected of involvement in contaminating milk with melamine .
Sanlu group ’s chairwoman Tian Wenhua was also detained last month .
__ ____Ernst Haeckel __should be on the " scientific hero " list of more people .
He is a fine example of an 19th century GeekDad .
A German scholar , in the true 19th century sense - biologist / artist / philosopher / physician - he ended up a professor and great researcher who promoted Charles Darwin 's work in Germany .
Environmentalists would be interested to know he is attributed to being one of the first scientists to coin the word " ecology . "
Despite all this , his greatest legacy has to be his art ( though I 'm sure biologists and others would disagree ) .
Much of his published work contains beautiful scientific drawings .
And , given the access I have to an A3 color printer and my recent discovery that a whole collection of his artwork is now available free online - many of these works now adorn my children 's walls .
They make fabulous posters and spark much discussion and interest in the biological world .
They are fascinating examples of detailed scientific and wildlife art that could inspire future scientists .
Or , make more of us wish we 'd paid a little more attention in biology .
You can view his work , or download some of these exquisite images to make your own posters at Wikipedia 's public domain .
After seventeen months of deliberation , investigation , and debate , it appears that the federal government will finally allow satellite radio providers XM and Sirius to merge .
The regulatory hurdles the companies had to overcome were ostensibly in place to protect consumers , but the effect of the regulations were to waste resources and delay a merger that will benefit consumers .
Regulatory barriers are an impediment to growth in poor countries .
They are also an impediment to growth in the United States .
According to economic theory , monopolies are bad for consumers because they produce too little and charge too much .
These regulations are supposed to preserve competition and protect consumers .
Regulations passed by the Federal Trade Commission , the Federal Communications Commission , and other agencies are allegedly “ pro-consumer , ” but as George Mason University economist Bryan Caplan suggests , the XM - Sirius merger debate is “ a classic case of Orwellian ‘ pro-consumer [ regulations ] that discourage innovation and equate ‘ the public interest ’ with ‘ that which does not interest the public . ’ ”
There are unintended , negative consequences of government regulation , and they are evident in the XM - Sirius case .
Government regulation encourages rent - seeking .
XM and Sirius want to merge because they think the combined company will be more profitable than the companies would be operating separately .
This creates an opportunity for people to enrich themselves through the political process .
Regulators and other interested parties will have an incentive to try to capture that increment to profit .
In this case , the FCC was able to shake down the companies for special favors like special preferences for “ noncommercial ” broadcasting as well as a three - year price control .
The entertainment market is already extremely competitive .
Satellite radio competes with numerous other media .
It is a clear case in which the two firms will be able to combine their programming .
Perhaps they will eliminate the least - popular programming ; some , who really enjoy the most marginal of XM and Sirius programming will not like this .
However , there will be an increase in consumer welfare as satellite radio subscribers can enjoy the best of both .
The companies want to merge because they are competing with internet radio , MP3 players , and land - based radio .
The Justice Department approved the merger in March because consumers have numerous alternatives to satellite radio .
In other words , a “ monopoly ” satellite radio provider would n’t harm consumers because it is not a monopoly .
The coalition that opposed the mergers was a classic case of the “ Baptists and bootleggers ” phenomenon .
Supposed “ public interest groups ” who thought the merger would be bad for competition were against it ; so too were members of the National Association of Broadcasters — land - based traditional radio stations — who would have been threatened by the cost savings Sirius and XM could have enjoyed .
The debate raises a fundamental philosophical issue about the nature of government and property .
The companies and their capital are private property .
The essence of freedom is that they should be able to merge without being answerable to anyone other than their stockholders and their customers .
In this case , the purported guardians of consumer welfare are in fact working to the detriment of consumers by slowing down the market process and by diverting resources away from productive and toward unproductive activities .
There is a theoretically plausible case for government regulation , but the practical consequences are counterproductive and wasteful .
It took the government seventeen months to reach a decision , and we are all poorer as a result .
In early 2007 , the companies endured the longest delay between merger application and the FCC ’s 180 - day review in FCC history .
The Justice Department approved the merger in March , and by the end of July the issue had not yet been resolved .
Regulatory barriers are among the reasons why so many poor countries remain poor ; unfortunately , the saga of the XM - Sirius merger suggests that the United States is headed in the same direction .
Last week marked the announce of the N85 , the first Nokia Nseries device with an OLED screen .
But first is first .
What is an OLED screen ?
OLED stands for organic light - emitting diode .
( OLED ) are screens that depends on very minute diodes that light up forming what we see , thus it does n’t need backlight and this reduces the power consumption dramatically , while the traditional Liquid Crystal displays is made of pixels that require backlight , so the battery charges is drained faster , But that ’s not it ’s only pro , it ’s also known for forming more realistic more lively photos that looks more real than the ones showed on LCDs and last but not least the Cost of production of OLED screens is much less than that of LCDs , cool , huh ?!
Guys over at Smape.com had the chance to review both the N85 and N96 and managed to compare the N96’s 2.8 ″ LCD screen with the N85’s 2.6 ″ OLED screen , and the results was stunning !
Yes , there ’s a huge difference between both screens , the N85 ’s screen rendered photos in an amazing N96 - killing way , making me wanting one right now !
And ,
If that ’s not enough proof for you , Rita Khoury a.k. a dotsisx from Symbian guru also managed to compare the N81 LCD screen with the N85’s , and the results were as if the N81 screen \and I quote “ white - tinted ” !
( Photo courtesy of Smape.com )
Protesters , police clash in front of RNC RAW STORY
Published : Monday September 1 , 2008
Print This Email This Update 1 :
Democracy Now ! host Amy Goodman and her producers , as well as an Associated Press photographer , have been arrested .
Goodman has been charged with " obstruction " and released .
Her producers were released pending felony riot charges .
Update 2 :
Police have employed tear gas against protesters in at least one instance .
Watch :
Update 3 :
Video of peaceful protesters being attacked with pepper spray .
( Quicktime )
Update 4 :
In Monday 's anti-war demonstrations in St. Paul , 283 protesters have been arrested and 139 felonies issued , according to the Minneapolis Star - Tribune .
Some protests turn violent in St. Paul
By AMY FORLITI Associated Press Writer
ST .
PAUL , MN . - Protesters attacked delegates , smashed windows , punctured car tires and threw bottles Monday , a violent counterpoint to an otherwise peaceful anti-war march at the Republican National Convention .
Police wielding pepper spray arrested at least 163 people .
The trouble happened not far from the Xcel Energy Center convention site , and many of those involved in the more violent protest were clad in black and identified themselves to reporters as anarchists .
They wrought havoc by damaging property and setting at least one fire .
Most of the trouble was in pockets of a neighborhood near downtown , several blocks from where the convention was taking place .
But the main antiwar march was peaceful , police said , estimating about 10,000 people participated .
Late Monday afternoon , long after the antiwar marchers had dispersed , police requested and got 150 Minnesota National Guard soldiers to help control splinter groups near downtown
Members of the Connecticut delegation said they were attacked by protesters when they got off their bus near the Xcel Center , KMSP - TV reported .
Delegate Rob Simmons told the station that a group of protesters came toward his delegation and tried to rip the credentials off their necks and sprayed them with a toxic substance that burned their eyes and stained their clothes .
One 80 - year - old member of the delegation had to be treated for injuries , and several other delegates had to rinse their eyes and clothing , the station reported .
Five people were arrested for lighting a trash bin on fire and pushing it into a police car , St. Paul police spokesman Tom Walsh said .
Authorities did n't have immediate details on the other arrests .
At least four journalists were among those detained , including Associated Press photographer Matt Rourke and Amy Goodman , host of Democracy Now ! , a nationally syndicated public radio and TV news program .
Goodman was intervening on behalf of two producers for her program , Sharif Abdel Kouddous and Nicole Salazar , when she was arrested , said Mike Burke , another producer .
Walsh said he had no immediate information on the four .
The antiwar march was organized by a group called the Coalition to March on the RNC and Stop the War , whose leaders said they hoped for a peaceful , family - friendly event .
But police were on high alert after months of preparations by a self - described anarchist group called the RNC Welcoming Committee , which was n't among the organizers of the march .
" Unfortunately today , a very small handful of individuals decided to break the law , damage property , and put people 's safety at risk , " Mayor Chris Coleman said .
About 180 protesters who were n't part of the march caused trouble , St. Paul Police Chief John Harrington said .
Ramsey County Attorney Susan Gaertner said she expected her office to consider charges , including possible felonies , on Tuesday against those arrested .
She said she could n't speculate on how long they would be held before having a chance to post bail .
Protesters , many who were dressed all in black and covered their faces with bandanas or gas masks , broke windows , tipped over newspaper boxes , pulled trash bins into the street , threw bottles , bent rearview mirrors on a bus , flattened tires , and attempted to block intersections by joining hands .
Some protesters were seen lying on an interstate exit ramp to block traffic in downtown St. Paul and linking arms to block other roads .
At one point , people pushed a trash bin filled with trash and threw garbage in the streets and at cars .
They also took down orange detour road signs .
One of them used a screwdriver to puncture the back tire of a limousine waiting at an intersection and threw a wooden board at the vehicle , denting its side .
Another hurled a glass bottle at a charter bus that had stopped at an intersection .
The bottle smashed into pieces but did n't appear to damage the bus .
After the official march ended , police spent hours dispersing smaller groups of protesters , employing officers on horses , smoke bombs and pepper spray .
Protesters put eye drops in each other 's eyes after police used chemical irritants such as pepper spray and tear gas .
Some wore bandanas and masks to protect themselves .
Terry Butts , a former Alabama Supreme Court justice who is a convention delegate , was on a bus taking delegates to the arena when a brick through the window sprayed glass on him and two others .
Butts said he was n't hurt .
" It just left us a little shaken , " he said .
" It was sort of a frightening moment because it could have been a bomb or a Molotov cocktail . "
Organizers of the antiwar march had hoped 50,000 people would turn out for the march .
One of the largest rallies in the Twin Cities in recent history was a 2006 immigration rights protest in Minneapolis that drew about 35,000 .
DEVELOPING ...
( with wire reports )
In a new sign of increasing inequality in the U.S. , the richest 1 % of Americans in 2006 garnered the highest share of the nation 's adjusted gross income for two decades , and possibly the highest since 1929 , according to Internal Revenue Service data .
Meanwhile , the average tax rate of the wealthiest 1 % fell to its lowest level in at least 18 years .
The group 's share of the tax burden has risen , though not as quickly as its share of income .
The figures are from the IRS 's income - statistics division and were posted on the agency 's Web site last week .
The 2006 data are the most recent available .
The figures about the relative income and tax rates of the wealthiest Americans come as the presumptive presidential candidates are in a debate about taxes .
Congress and the next president will have to decide whether to extend several Bush - era tax cuts , including the 2003 reduction in tax rates on capital gains and dividends .
Experts said those tax cuts in particular are playing a major role in falling tax rates for the very wealthy .
Sen .
John McCain has proposed extending the lower tax rates of 15 % on long - term capital gains and dividends that apply to most taxpayers , while Sen.
Barack Obama has said he will seek to raise them to at least 20 % , the rate before the 2003 cut , and possibly higher .
Pakistan to Afghanistan :
Cut violence , we stand by you
MINNEAPOLIS -- Magic Johnson criticized a pair of talk show hosts Friday for accusing him of faking AIDS but said he did n't want them to be fired .
Chris Baker and Langdon Perry of KTLK in Minneapolis made the remarks during Baker 's conservative radio show on Wednesday .
After Johnson condemned the statements , the station said it regretted " some offhand remarks " by the pair .
" We can't have people out here making false statements and putting out bad information , because this battle is too big when it comes to HIV and AIDS , " Johnson told The Associated Press in a telephone interview .
" The fact that they would make jokes about my status is unbelievable , " Magic Johnson said in a statement about a Minneapolis talk radio show 's comments .
AP Photo / Al Goldis
" I poured my life into it and a lot of other people have poured their life into it , into getting out the right information so people can protect themselves and know what HIV and AIDS is all about . "
Johnson called the remarks " so stupid , " and said he had n't heard from the station .
He also wants the hosts to keep their jobs .
" I would rather they educate their audience , " he said .
According to a partial transcript and audio clip posted on a media watchdog site , mediamatters.org , the remarks came after a caller asserted that health care is n't a basic right .
Perry responded by asking about treatable diseases that a person can live with for a long time " if you just get some basic drugs . "
Baker responded , " Like Magic Johnson ? "
Perry replied , " Like Magic with his faked AIDS .
Magic faked AIDS . "
Baker said , " You think Magic faked AIDS for sympathy ? "
Perry replied , " I 'm convinced that Magic faked AIDS . "
" Me too , " Baker said .
Johnson was diagnosed with HIV in 1991 and then retired from the NBA at 32 .
KTLK 's statement said it recognized the seriousness of AIDS and the " great work " Johnson has done to call attention to the disease .
" We regret that some offhand remarks by commentators on KTLK did not reflect that , " the statement said .
" To better inform our listeners and employees , KTLK will be airing HIV / AIDS awareness public service announcements , and will be reaching out to Mr. Johnson to get his thoughts on education efforts . "
Program director Steve Versnick said the station would n't comment beyond the statement .
Johnson , 49 , said his health is " wonderful . "
He also noted that he has HIV , not AIDS .
" You have incredible drugs now , " he said .
" I 'm working out every day . "
Subscribe to the Gallup News brief and real time alerts .
Stay up to date with our latest insights .
Chris discusses the question of whether positive incentives would be better than fines as a way of encouraging household recycling .
On the one hand , he reports , fines can backfire :
Aldo Rustichini and Uri Gneezy have shown that when they introduced fines for parents who were late to pick up their children from kindergartens in Haifa , parents actually got later .
They regarded the fine as a price for baby - sitting .
Likewise , fines for not recycling might be regarded as a price which households are happy to pay .
So recycling might not increase .
And Chris then goes on to give four considerations in the other direction .
But I 'm wondering if there can be a general answer to the question of carrots versus sticks .
Surely it will depend ( at least ) on the size of the respective carrots and sticks being contemplated .
There 's going to be some point where those parents in Haifa are no longer prepared to treat the fine as a tax , because it 's too high for them .
Equally , if they were offered an incentive for arriving on time that was of less value to them than their reason for being late , that would be ineffective .
Another consideration has to do , not with the magnitude of the carrot or the stick , but with its appropriateness .
A fine for murder , however hefty , would n't be right if there was anyone rich enough to regard it as a mere tax .
And financial incentives to obey laws against murder and assault might also be frowned upon , given that we expect law - abidingness willy - nilly .
A piece in G2 today suggests that to incentivize household recycling might actually encourage people to accumulate packaging and such when they shop , in order to make money out of it .
I do n't know .
It 's not the Gates , it 's the bars
By Richard Stallman
Founder , Free Software Foundation
To pay so much attention to Bill Gates ' retirement is missing the point .
What really matters is not Gates , nor Microsoft , but the unethical system of restrictions that Microsoft , like many other software companies , imposes on its customers .
That statement may surprise you , since most people interested in computers have strong feelings about Microsoft .
Businessmen and their tame politicians admire its success in building an empire over so many computer users .
Many outside the computer field credit Microsoft for advances which it only took advantage of , such as making computers cheap and fast , and convenient graphical user interfaces .
Gates ' philanthropy for health care for poor countries has won some people 's good opinion .
The LA Times reported that his foundation spends five to 10 % of its money annually and invests the rest , sometimes in companies it suggests cause environmental degradation and illness in the same poor countries .
Many computerists specially hate Gates and Microsoft .
They have plenty of reasons .
' Solicit funds '
Microsoft persistently engages in anti-competitive behaviour , and has been convicted three times .
George W Bush , who let Microsoft off the hook for the second US conviction , was invited to Microsoft headquarters to solicit funds for the 2000 election .
Many users hate the " Microsoft tax " , the retail contracts that make you pay for Windows on your computer even if you wo n't use it .
In some countries you can get a refund , but the effort required is daunting .
There 's also the Digital Restrictions Management : software features designed to " stop " you from accessing your files freely .
Increased restriction of users seems to be the main advance of Vista .
' Gratuitous incompatibilities '
Then there are the gratuitous incompatibilities and obstacles to interoperation with other software .
This is why the EU required Microsoft to publish interface specifications .
Microsoft would have us believe that helping your neighbour is the moral equivalent of attacking a ship
This year Microsoft packed standards committees with its supporters to procure ISO approval of its unwieldy , unimplementable and patented " open standard " for documents .
The EU is now investigating this .
These actions are intolerable , of course , but they are not isolated events .
They are systematic symptoms of a deeper wrong which most people do n't recognise : proprietary software .
Microsoft 's software is distributed under licenses that keep users divided and helpless .
The users are divided because they are forbidden to share copies with anyone else .
The users are helpless because they do n't have the source code that programmers can read and change .
If you 're a programmer and you want to change the software , for yourself or for someone else , you can't .
If you 're a business and you want to pay a programmer to make the software suit your needs better , you can't .
If you copy it to share with your friend , which is simple good - neighbourliness , they call you a " pirate " .
' Unjust system ' Microsoft would have us believe that helping your neighbour is the moral equivalent of attacking a ship .
The most important thing that Microsoft has done is to promote this unjust social system .
Gates is personally identified with it , due to his infamous open letter which rebuked microcomputer users for sharing copies of his software .
Gates may be gone , but the walls and bars of proprietary software he helped create remain , for now
It said , in effect , " If you do n't let me keep you divided and helpless , I wo n't write the software and you wo n't have any .
Surrender to me , or you 're lost ! " ' Change system '
But Gates did n't invent proprietary software , and thousands of other companies do the same thing .
It 's wrong , no matter who does it .
Microsoft , Apple , Adobe , and the rest , offer you software that gives them power over you .
A change in executives or companies is not important .
What we need to change is this system .
That 's what the free software movement is all about .
" Free " refers to freedom : we write and publish software that users are free to share and modify .
We do this systematically , for freedom 's sake ; some of us paid , many as volunteers .
We already have complete free operating systems , including GNU / Linux .
Our aim is to deliver a complete range of useful free software , so that no computer user will be tempted to cede her freedom to get software .
In 1984 , when I started the free software movement , I was hardly aware of Gates ' letter .
But I 'd heard similar demands from others , and I had a response : " If your software would keep us divided and helpless , please do n't write it .
We are better off without it .
We will find other ways to use our computers , and preserve our freedom . "
In 1992 , when the GNU operating system was completed by the kernel , Linux , you had to be a wizard to run it .
Today GNU / Linux is user - friendly : in parts of Spain and India , it 's standard in schools .
Tens of millions use it , around the world .
You can use it too .
Gates may be gone , but the walls and bars of proprietary software he helped create remain , for now .
Dismantling them is up to us .
Richard Stallman is the founder of the Free Software Foundation .
You can copy and redistribute this article under the Creative Commons Attribution Noderivs 3.0 license .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Israel ’s plan to attack Iran confirmed
By Jean Shaoul
30 September 2008
Last week , the Guardian newspaper confirmed that Israel was actively considering a military strike against Iran ’s nuclear facilities last spring .
It reported that when Israel ’s then prime minister , Ehud Olmert , raised this during US President George W. Bush ’s visit to Israel last May , Bush vetoed it .
The Guardian ’s veteran Middle East commentator , Jonathan Steele , cited senior diplomatic personnel working for a European head of government who met Olmert some time after Bush ’s visit .
According to the Guardian ’s sources , the talks were so sensitive that they were held in private , with no note - takers in attendance .
They said that Olmert “ took it [ the refusal of a US green light ] as where they were at the moment , and that the US position was unlikely to change as long as Bush was in office . ”
Bush ’s refusal to sanction an attack was apparently based on several factors .
Firstly , the US was concerned that such an attack would provoke Iran to retaliate , which would probably include a wave of attacks on US military and contract personnel in Iraq , and Afghanistan and US shipping in the Gulf .
Iraq ’s Shiite - dominated government , installed by the US , retains close ties with and is dependent upon Tehran .
Secondly , it was unlikely that an Israeli air raid — even with dozens of aircraft — would succeed in knocking out Iran ’s nuclear facilities , which are widely dispersed in fortified underground locations throughout the country .
Furthermore , the shortest route to Natanz , Iran ’s uranium enrichment plant , is more than 700 miles from Israel and would entail flying over Iraq ’s airspace , which is controlled by the US .
So it would be impossible for Israel to launch such an attack without explicit US approval .
This would have left the US unable to officially deny knowledge of the attack .
Iran would have every reason to assume that Bush had concurred with such an act of war , and to retaliate .
Iran has repeatedly said it would defend itself against any attacks on its nuclear facilities , which it maintains are for civilian purposes only .
An air strike would precipitate a full - scale war , going far beyond Iran , underlining Washington ’s increasing isolation in the region .
It would precipitate attacks by Hezbollah on Israel and even terrorist attacks within the US itself .
One official said , “ It is over 10 years since Hezbollah ’s last terror attack outside Israel , when it hit an Argentine - Israel association building in Buenos Aires [ killing 85 people ] . ”
“ There is a large Lebanese diaspora in Canada which must include some Hezbollah supporters .
They could slip in the US and take action , ” he continued .
Olmert ’s press spokesman , by denying that Bush had refused Israel a green light to attack Iran in “ any working meeting , ” only served to confirm the Guardian ’s story .
US National Security Council spokesman Gordon Johndroe refused to comment on the content of a private conversation between Bush and Olmert , saying , “ The president ’s position is that all options are on the table but diplomacy remains our first course of action . ”
While it appears that Bush vetoed Israel ’s plans to attack Iran in private , publicly he continued his bellicose attitude towards Iran and gave no hint that he had , for the time being at least , excluded the military option .
In his speech to the Knesset the following day , Bush told legislators , “ America stands with you in firmly opposing Iran ’s nuclear weapons ambitions .
Permitting the world ’s leading sponsor of terror to possess the world ’s deadliest weapon would be an unforgivable betrayal of future generations .
For the sake of peace , the world must not allow Iran to have a nuclear weapon . ”
Israel ’s plans to attack Iran ’s nuclear facilities in fact continued , despite the fact that 16 US intelligence agencies had issued a long delayed National Intelligence Estimate ( NIE ) last December concluding that Tehran had ended any nuclear weapons program in 2003 .
The Israeli political and military establishment , which regards Iran as its main rival in the region , rejected the NIE ’s assessment and has repeatedly sought assurances that the Bush administration would “ deal with ” Tehran before leaving office .
It is determined to maintain its military supremacy in the Middle East and to prevent the possibility that Iran or any of its neighbours will master nuclear technology that could assist in the building of weapons .
It is an open secret that Israel itself has an arsenal of more than 200 nuclear missiles .
In order to retain its nuclear monopoly , the Israeli ruling elite is fully prepared to plunge the entire region into war through an unprovoked and criminal attack on Iran .
Senior ministers , including Olmert himself last November , have warned that Israel would take military action of its own to disable the “ threat ” posed by Iran ’s nuclear facilities .
In September last year , Israel destroyed a deserted Syrian target that Washington and Tel Aviv claimed was a North Korean - built nuclear installation .
This attack evoked no serious international condemnation and is viewed as a precursor to a future attack on Iran .
Last April , National Infrastructure Minister Benjamin Ben-Eliezer threatened Iran with complete destruction should it attack in Israel .
This threat was made amid a massive five - day civil defence drill and continuing hints of a pre-emptive Israeli strike against Iranian nuclear facilities .
Even after Bush ’s apparent veto , verbal threats and speculation of imminent air strikes against Iran have continued .
In June , Israel carried out a long - range exercise over the eastern Mediterranean involving more than 100 F - 15 and F - 16 fighter jets , refuelling planes and rescue helicopters .
Citing unnamed sources , the New York Times reported that the operation was a dry run for an attack on Iran .
Shaul Mofaz , deputy prime minister and a former defence minister , warned a few weeks later that a unilateral attack against Iran was “ unavoidable ” as international sanctions had been ineffective .
The official position in Washington and Tel Aviv is that diplomacy is the preferred way of dealing with Iran .
And these bellicose threats and war games are widely seen as part of an orchestrated pressure campaign against Iran to submit to US demands for the suspension of its nuclear enrichment programme .
But since Israel does not have the capacity to carry out a successful attack on Iran ’s nuclear facilities on its own , the ultimate purpose of such threats as far as influential figures in both Tel Aviv and Washington are concerned is to draw the US into such an attack .
There are without doubt elements within the Israeli and American ruling elite that are pressing for an escalation of militarism in the region , with the question of Iran one of the most divisive issues in the US presidential election .
Israel recently signed a deal with Washington for the purchase of F - 22 stealth bombers , which are ideally suited to the type of targeted bombing raids planned by an Israeli air force command .
Israel ’s existing fleet of F15 fighter jets could also be used to launch an attack on Iran .
The Israeli military has bought 90 F - 161 fighter bombers that can reach Iran and will receive 11 more by the end of next year .
It has also bought two new Dolphin - class submarines from Germany , in addition to the three it already has , that are reported to be capable of firing nuclear missiles .
Earlier this month , the US Defense Department told Congress it intended to sell Israel 1,000 smart bombs capable of penetrating 90cm of steel - reinforced concrete .
On Sunday , it was announced that the US had supplied Israel with an advanced radar system that will provide an early warning in the event of an Iranian missile attack .
Known as FBX-T , it will be linked to the US military ’s Joint Tactical Ground Station and will be run by 120 US military personnel .
Israel ’s Arrow II ballistic missile shield currently works with less advanced radar .
While Bush refused to give Israel the nod to attack Iran last May , judging that it would be too precipitous a step , the military build - up in the region makes clear that such an attack is far from being off the agenda permanently .
Indeed , elements within the Bush administration might still contemplate an unprovoked attack on Iran before the presidential election in November .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
In the fall of 2002 , the man who would become the John McCain campaign ’s top foreign policy adviser was tasked with a sensitive project at the behest of the White House .
It began when President Bush ’s then deputy national security adviser Stephen Hadley asked neoconservative activist and Lockheed Martin lobbyist Bruce Jackson to set up a committee that could mobilize public opinion for war with Iraq .
“ Jackson said he was happy to do this , but he did n’t know what the real motive for the war was about , ” says journalist Aram Roston , who first told the story of the meeting in his biography of Iraqi politician Ahmad Chalabi , The Man Who Pushed America to War .
“ And Hadley did n’t provide him that much clarification . ”
Nor , Jackson told Hadley , did he know very much about the Middle East .
So Jackson turned to Randy Scheunemann , a longtime lobbying partner and fellow senior officer in a series of interconnected neoconservative advocacy groups : the Project for the New American Century , the US Committee on NATO , and the Project on Transitional Democracies .
Scheunemann would set up and run the new group , called the Committee for the Liberation of Iraq ; unlike Jackson , he knew a lot about the hawks ’ case for war and ran in neoconservative circles where Chalabi ( whom Scheunemann had met at a Hill event in the ’ 90s ) was a household name .
For their committee , Scheunemann and Jackson recruited a range of politicians and thinkers from both parties : Sen. Joseph Lieberman ( D - Conn. ) , Sen. Bob Kerrey ( D - Neb. ) , former House Speaker Newt Gingrich ( R - Ga. ) , former drug czar General Barry McCaffrey , writer Christopher Hitchens , neoconservative intellectual Robert Kagan , former Pentagon official Richard Perle , and former CIA director Jim Woolsey .
McCain was also a member , and honorary cochair , and he would go on to hire Scheunemann as his top foreign policy adviser for both his 2000 presidential campaign and his current bid ; Scheunemann ’s tasks this fall have included schooling VP candidate Sarah Palin on foreign policy , and even standing in for Sen .
Joe Biden during debate preparation .
Gary Schmitt , former senior fellow at the Project for the New American Century and secretary of the Committee for the Liberation of Iraq , says the group “ was about organizing people to make the case for removing Saddam .
When the media called and asked , ‘ Why is something important ? ’ it could answer that , or it could provide someone to appear on a radio show . ”
Scheunemann and Jackson used their connections to another successful group they ran , the US Committee on NATO , to recruit former East bloc leaders to sign a statement likening their struggle against Soviet tyranny to the overthrow of Saddam Hussein .
“ The problem in Iraq is not just Saddam Hussein ’s weapons , ” Scheunemann , in his capacity as the committee ’s president , said in a press release at the time .
“ It is Saddam Hussein ’s regime … We believe it is time to confront the clear and present danger posed by Saddam Hussein ’s regime by liberating the Iraqi people . ”
Committee members also wrote op - eds and made television appearances advancing the case for regime change .
( Jackson declined to comment on the committee or Scheunemann , saying he has been far more focused on Eastern Europe . )
Some players in the push to war note that , having been created when the White House was already deep into planning the invasion , the Committee was designed primarily to sway one key audience : legislators .
“ The deal was already a long time done by then , ” says longtime Ahmad Chalabi adviser Francis Brooke .
“ My own view was that the public was already sold on the war .
The issue was , are you selling it to Congress . ”
Roston ’s account suggests close ties between Scheunemann ’s group and Chalabi .
Brooke , he reports , threw a party at Chalabi ’s Georgetown home to celebrate the committee ’s founding in the fall of 2002 .
“ Most of the key neoconservatives were there , ” Roston writes .
“ It was n’t set up , strictly speaking , as another group linked to the Iraqi National Congress , although it did eventually morph into that . ”
Brooke says he does n’t remember any such party , although he acknowledges throwing lots of parties in those heady prewar days — a time when he and Chalabi were working inside the Pentagon helping to draw up plans for war .
“ Let ’s remember , for a long time , Chalabi had been the face of what everybody hoped Iraq would be like , ” says Tom Donnelly , a military expert at the American Enterprise Institute , previously with the Project for the New American Century .
“ Secular , western educated , worldly .
Everybody knew that he was a bit of a rogue and egomaniac .
There was a de facto alliance of convenience .
In no sense was the committee a Chalabi front organization …
In an environment where people did n’t know very much about the Iraqi opposition , he was the happy face of what everybody imagined the real Iraq was like . ”
In the end , says one former GOP Hill foreign policy staffer who has worked with Scheunemann , “ Randy is a pretty classic neoconservative .
He got associated with Chalabi in particular .
That whole crowd [ of Republican Congressional hawks ] — they have been pretty consistent about that .
And they really believed that stuff . ”
Brooke says he met Scheunemann in 1996 when he and Chalabi were hitting Capitol Hill to try to drum up increased US government support for the Iraqi opposition .
Brooke ’s pitch then was that putting pressure on Saddam Hussein was not just the right policy ; it was also a vehicle for attacking Bill Clinton , then running for reelection .
“ I thought it was a good time to educate the Republican Congress … and give them the ammunition they needed to beat the president up . ”
In Scheunemann and other hardliners on the Hill , Brooke says he found kindred spirits — a clique of Republicans deeply disillusioned with how George H.W. Bush had let both the Cold War and the first Iraq War end without meting out sufficient punishment to America ’s adversaries .
“ These people had a great sense of psychic loss that we had not finished the first Iraq War in the most comprehensive way .
They hated George Bush the first . ”
Still , Scheunemann , who then worked for Senate Majority Leader Trent Lott , was initially skeptical .
After he and Chalabi made their pitch , Brooke said , “ Randy said , ‘ This is all fine but on the other hand , the CIA and other parts of the US government tell me that the Iraqi opposition is a feckless bunch of people , that ca n’t do anything , have no support inside the country , and have probably been up to no good all over the place . ' ”
Brooke says he encouraged Scheunemann to do his own research , and eventually convinced him .
Brooke ’s view of Scheunemann is echoed by most of those who know him ; going back to his earliest days in Washington , they say , he held an abiding faith in the neoconservative tenet that America must project both its values and its military superiority abroad , in particular to fight totalitarian regimes .
After graduating from the University of Minnesota and doing graduate work at Tufts , Scheunemann came to DC in 1986 as a legislative assistant to Minnesota Sen .
Dave Durenberger ( R - Minn. ) , then the chairman of the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence .
He later worked as foreign policy and defense adviser to Sen. Bob Dole and Lott when each served as Senate majority leader .
In 1996 , he advised Dole on national security in his unsuccessful 1996 run for the White House , and in 2000 he did the same for McCain ’s failed primary run .
In between those campaigns , Scheunemann left the Hill to become a lobbyist , first going to work in 1998 at the Mercury Group , where his clients have included oil company BP and the National Rifle Association .
( In January 1997 , Scheunemann was arrested by Capitol Hill police for driving into the Capitol zone with a shotgun in his vehicle , forgotten after a duck - hunting trip . )
Later he set up his own lobbying shop , Scheunemann and Associates , and in 2001 he founded Orion Strategies LLC , where he specialized in representing former East bloc countries seeking to become members of NATO , including Latvia , Romania , Georgia , and Macedonia as well as Lockheed Martin .
That year , Scheunemann also served as a consultant on Iraq to the office of Secretary of Defense Rumsfeld .
Scheunemann ’s lobbying on behalf of NATO expansion raised eyebrows earlier this year :
In August , the Washington Post reported that Scheunemann had prepped McCain for a phone call with the president of Georgia on the same day , April 18 , 2008 , that Orion Strategies “ signed a $ 200,000 contract to continue providing strategic advice to the Georgian government . ”
( McCain shares his adviser ’s hostile view toward Moscow ; even before the invasion of Georgia this summer , he suggested kicking Russia out of the G8 . )
Those who have worked with Scheunemann on the Hill and in neoconservative foreign policy circles describe him as extremely smart and focused , if occasionally unpleasant and arrogant .
Donnelly says that comes with the territory : “ Randy has worked in American politics for a long time .
He ’s a serious political operative .
Randy is pretty hardcore about the nature of power , but also thinks the exercise of power should be done in a moral fashion and with moral purpose in support of American political goals and principles .
I cannot imagine Randy being a lobbyist for the Saudis , for instance .
“ He is comfortable with the way business is done , the way politics is played , ” Donnelly concludes .
“ He ’s a bare - knuckled advocate . ”
( LifeWire ) --
It was the sock in the jaw that finally did it .
An online survey found 1 in 4 people regularly retreats to a spare room or sofa to get a good night 's sleep .
" We were lying in bed spooning when he had an elbow spasm and punched me in the jaw , " says Barbara , a 55 - year - old graphic designer from Lansing , Michigan , who asked that her last name not be used .
" I was already so sleep - deprived from his twitching and snoring that I was psychotic .
After that , I just told him , ' It 's all over , honey . ' "
Barbara 's husband of 22 years , who asked not to be identified , moved into another bedroom .
They 're among many loving couples who -- because of snoring , restless legs , opposite schedules or other nocturnal difficulties -- have decided to sleep apart .
A growing trend
How many couples sleep solo in a double bed ?
A 2001 random telephone survey of 1,004 adults conducted by the National Sleep Foundation found that 12 percent of married Americans slept alone ; a similar 2005 survey of 1,506 people found that number had jumped to 23 percent .
In addition , a March online survey of 1,408 couples conducted by the Sleep Council of England found that 1 in 4 people regularly retreats to a spare room or sofa to get a good night 's sleep .
The preference for separate spaces has even begun to affect home design .
According to the National Association of Home Builders , there 's been a steady increase in the number of requests for " two - master bedroom " homes since 1990 , prompting the organization to predict that by 2015 , 60 percent of all custom upscale homes will be built with two " owner suites . "
Married to a ' jerk '
Paige Barr , 35 , a New York City casting director , says she sleeps apart from her husband , Daniel Craft , 37 , for two reasons : his sleep apnea and what Kramer on " Seinfeld " called " the jimmy leg . "
" You know when you 're just about to fall asleep and you jerk yourself awake ?
He does that like 36 times an hour for seven hours , 200 times a night , " she says .
" His hand will jerk or his leg will flail , plus he snores super loud . "
Barr , who 's lived with her husband , an online content provider , for five years , say they 've never been able to sleep together .
" If I were forced to sleep with him , I would break up with him and kill myself , " she says .
" I need my sleep . "
Bad for marriage ?
Although many couples say separate rooms have been a blessing ( Barr says her friends are jealous of her sleeping arrangement ) , Minnesota clinical psychologist and marriage counselor William F. Harley Jr. warns sleeping separately could spell trouble .
" Whenever I see a couple wanting private time -- they want to be alone , they want their own friends , they do n't want to feel like they 're joined at the hip -- my immediate question is , ' What is it about being together that bothers you ? ' " says Harley , author of " Love Busters : Overcoming the Habits that Destroy Romantic Love . "
" My feeling is that sleeping together is a very , very important part of being integrated with each other . "
Jason Holloway , 29 , an estimator from Greenwood , Indiana , who slept on the couch for about six months while his wife , Rebecca , was pregnant , agrees that separate beds have a downside .
" I had the TV , I had the dogs with me , " he says .
" But I did n't feel 100 percent like I was part of the loop .
I felt removed from the whole situation . "
A new kind of marriage
But Stephanie Coontz , author of " Marriage : A History " and director of research and public education at the Council on Contemporary Families , a nonprofit research organization , says sleeping in separate beds in order to get a good night 's rest is reasonable and revolutionary .
" In the early 20th century , there was this idea that when you were married , you should n't have a separate existence , " she says .
" But in the last 30 years , we 've come up with something absolutely revolutionary that says there 's more than one way to do marriage .
...
People are saying there are lots of ways to have a happy marriage and even a good sex life . "
Alisa Bowman , a 37 - year - old freelance writer from Emmaus , Pennsylvania , says that sleeping apart from her husband Mark , 42 , a few nights a week -- something that began five years ago when she was pregnant -- has made their marriage stronger .
" I'm a better mom and wife when I 'm rested , " says Bowman , who says she 's always had trouble sleeping with another person in the room .
" I also think it makes you appreciate each other more . "
Sleeping apart has n't hurt Scott Hepburn 's marriage , either , says the 29 - year - old copywriter from Charlotte , North Carolina , who sleeps alone five nights a week because he's a night owl and his wife , Carolyn , is an early bird .
" She teases me about it , but it 's never been a major point of contention in our relationship , " he says .
" We actually have a lot of fun with it .
When I do something stupid , she threatens to punish me by making me sleep in the same bed with her . "
My place or yours ?
Couples who keep separate rooms may get plenty of sleep , but are they getting anything else -- like sex ?
Absolutely , says Barbara , wife of the sleepy slugger .
" We create time for each other , " she says .
" We have ' dates , ' and to be honest , it 's pretty romantic .
We 're both awake for one thing , as opposed to people who think they 've been intimate but they 've slept through the whole thing .
Now it 's like , ' My place or yours ? ' "
All About Relationships • Marriage
Lost in The Snow Former Olympic hockey player Eric LeMarque was snowboarding alone in the Sierra Nevada in 2003 when thick fog settled around him , limiting his vision to 10 feet .
Soon he was lost in the snowy wilderness with no food and a dead cell phone .
He wandered through 15 - foot snowdrifts in freezing temperatures for seven days before National Guard searchers found him .
When exposed to bitter cold , your body shivers , and this involuntary movement creates heat the same way exercise does .
If you stay in the cold and your body temperature continues to drop , shivering will stop when the muscles no longer have enough energy to move , says David Richard , a professor of biology at Susquehanna University in Pennsylvania .
He teaches the course “ Exercise and Extreme Physiology ” and is an authority on the processes that sustain life under extreme conditions — and on what happens when the human body is exposed to more than it can withstand .
After prolonged exposure to intense cold , Richard says , your body ’s chemical reactions begin to slow until they generate too little energy for your muscles to work .
By carefully regulating blood flow , your body will protect your key organs while preserving your extremities — at least for a while .
In the cold , blood is generally directed to the core of the body and flows only intermittently to the extremities to bring oxygen to cells there .
After prolonged exposure to cold , blood travels only to the most essential parts — your brain and heart .
As severe hypothermia sets in , these organs may be the only ones left functioning .
In a 2000 paper in The Lancet , a team of Norwegian doctors described resuscitating a woman who had been trapped in icy water for 40 minutes and whose core temperature had dropped to 57 degrees .
This is very unusual ; most people do not survive a core temperature below 70 degrees , Richard says .
Still , upon finding a victim , rescue workers make no assumptions ( “ They ’re not dead until they ’re warm and dead , ” the saying goes . )
You may be breathing so imperceptibly that you look dead , but you might survive if an alert emergency worker warms and resuscitates you .
Frostbite occurs when the temperature in your tissues falls to one or two degrees below freezing .
As the water in your tissues turns to ice , salts in body fluids and cells become more concentrated , interfering with proteins so much that the cells die .
At the same time , the sharp edges of microscopic ice crystals can tear cell membranes .
Do n’t rub your frostbitten skin :
The force of rubbing can shred already - damaged areas .
Falling Out of a Plane In 1942 a Soviet pilot named I. M. Chisov plunged 22,000 feet without a parachute after bailing out of his Ilyushin 4 bomber .
German pilots had attacked Chisov ’s plane , and he did n’t open his chute because he was afraid it would allow his attackers to find him .
He landed on a snow - covered slope and rolled downhill , badly hurt and unconscious — but alive .
According to aero­dynamics experts , a skydiver without a chute reaches a terminal velocity of about 120 miles per hour after dropping roughly 500 feet .
That actually is n’t any faster than the speed you ’d reach if you fell from a moderately tall building .
“ But it ’s not falling that kills you ; it ’s the landing , ” Richard says :
The abrupt pressure of an impact is likely to break open blood vessels such as your aorta , damage internal organs , and shatter your bones .
The worst thing to hit is a hard surface that brings you to a halt almost instantly .
If you land on snow ( like Chisov ) or hit something that gives way , such as a skylight ( as happened to U.S. Air Force Sergeant Alan Magee , who survived a 20,000 - foot drop into a French train station in 1943 ) , you will suffer less damage .
In such a situation , it is the ability of the bones of your skull and spine to withstand the impact that can potentially preserve your life , according to a report conducted by the Federal Aviation Administration .
Struck by LightningRoy Cleveland Sullivan , a forest ranger in Virginia , was hit by lightning seven times in his 71 years .
The lifetime odds of being struck by lightning are higher than you might think — about 1 in 5,000 — but it still takes bad luck ( and a dangerous lifestyle ) to be hit more than once .
About 80 percent of people who are struck are not killed .
When lightning strikes , less than 1 percent of the bolt ’s current flows through your body , according to a recent study in the Journal of Electrostatics .
The rest travels over the surface of your skin , which has a lower resistance to electricity .
Lightning bolts , which typically pack a 100 - million - volt wallop but are only about as wide as a pencil , may burn your skin or leave feather­like markings called Lichtenberg figures .
These form where electric current or the resulting shock wave in the body bursts capillaries in your skin .
The burns are not usually severe , however .
Your biggest worry is dying because your heart stops beating , says Michael Cherington , former director of the Lightning Data Center in Colorado .
Current from the bolt may interfere with the impulses that drive your heartbeat .
In a 1998 paper , Cherington presented evidence that during the heart ’s normal cycle of contracting and relaxing , there is a small window of time when the chambers are filling with blood and the heart is especially vulnerable to electrical disruption .
If you are unlucky enough to be struck during this window , death may be much more likely .
If you live , you will probably have damage to your nervous system , as 70 percent of lightning - strike survivors do .
“ On an MRI , it can look like a stroke , ” Cherington says , making lightning strikes difficult to diagnose .
( People sometimes black out and do n’t realize they were hit . )
According to a National Oceanographic and Atmospheric Administration report , you might wind up with bleeding and swelling in your brain , which kills neurons , or suffer other types of nerve damage , leading to seizures or partial paralysis .
Short - term memory loss and personality changes may affect you .
Finally , you might contract cataracts , as the current and heat of a strike can turn proteins in the lens of your eye opaque .
Adrift at Sea For 76 days in 1982 , Steven Callahan floated 1,800 miles alone at sea in a five - foot life raft after his boat , the Napoleon Solo , sank in the Atlantic .
( He made it nearly to Guadeloupe and was rescued by passing fishermen . )
Callahan , a naval architect and experienced sailor , survived by catching fish with a makeshift spear and drinking from his raft ’s solar stills — inflatable plastic tents that captured one pint of evaporated freshwater from seawater each day .
Dehydration will be a big worry .
The length of time you can survive without any water varies ; in a hot desert you wo n’t last as long as you will in a cool , humid forest , according to David Richard .
As your body ’s moisture dwindles , he explains , your blood thickens so much with salts and clotting proteins that if you accidentally nicked yourself with your fishing spear , you might not even bleed .
Your heart strains to generate enough force to pump the gluey fluid , and your blood coagulates easily , paving the way for a stroke or heart attack .
As your kidneys toil to rid your body of salt , your urine darkens .
If you do n’t find a source of fresh water , rising levels of sodium and potassium wreak havoc on your muscle and nerve cells :
Their proteins fall to fragments , and cell membranes leak , Richard says .
Pacemaker cells in your heart soon malfunction , sending it into irregular rhythms .
Delirium and then unconsciousness set in as brain cells deteriorate .
If you succumb to the temptation to drink seawater , that just makes things worse .
Seawater is so loaded with salts that your body wastes more water in the urine in an effort to excrete them than it gains in the first place .
Trapped in The Desert Italian runner Mauro Prosperi got more than he bargained for during the 1994 Marathon des Sables , a weeklong , 145 - mile race across the Sahara .
A ferocious sandstorm knocked him far off course , leaving him stranded .
Prosperi managed to capture a few bats to sustain himself for the nine days he wandered through the bleak landscape , where peak temperatures above 120 degrees Fahrenheit are not unusual .
Eventually a group of Tuareg nomads found him and brought him on camelback to an Algerian village .
In the desert , the effects of intense heat compound the threat of dehydration , Richard says .
Your heart rate will speed up as your body warms , generally about 10 beats per minute per degree , but your heart has limits .
Normally , veins that deliver blood to the heart fill its chambers between contractions .
As body temperature increases , though , your heart may contract so frequently that there is not enough time for the chambers to fill between beats , and less blood leaves your heart with each beat .
When the heart is already near its maximum due to extreme heat , it cannot pump any faster , making physical activity impossible .
Pretty soon you can hardly move at all — not a good situation when you ’re stranded without water .
Sitting still in a sauna , you could survive much higher temperatures .
In Finland , competitors actually vie to see who can stay the longest in a 230 - degree F sauna ( winners typically last about 12 minutes ) .
At temperatures much above that , the structures of cell membranes and proteins crumble and the body ’s cells become a gooey mess :
Think of a soft - boiled egg .
Exposed to a Vacuum Engineer James C. LeBlanc climbed into a vacuum chamber at NASA ’s Johnson Space Center in 1965 for a routine test of a spacesuit .
His suit leaked , and for 14 harrowing seconds he was exposed to a near vacuum .
LeBlanc later said that he could feel water boiling off his tongue .
He then passed out , but technicians and engineers quickly repressurized the chamber ; LeBlanc survived with no permanent damage .
Medical researchers at NASA estimate it is possible to revive someone exposed to a vacuum for as long as 30 seconds .
Air will be sucked out of your lungs immediately , and trying to hold your breath will be futile against the pressure .
In a vacuum the gases and liquids in the body expand rapidly , animal studies show , but your skin and blood vessels maintain enough pressure on your body and its fluids that you will not instantly explode — no matter what you ’ve seen in Hollywood films .
According to NASA ’s analysis , your tissues will swell slowly as water boils away and gases like nitrogen come out of solution , pushing against the membranes of your cells , stretching them and damaging your organs .
If you are fully exposed in outer space , the intense ultraviolet radiation from the unfiltered sun will give you a nasty sunburn on one side .
In a vacuum , heat is not lost easily , however , so even though the temperature in deep space is – 454 degrees F , you will not freeze immediately .
Much sooner — after about 15 seconds — your oxygen - deprived brain will shut down .
At that point you will black out , and you will probably die in another minute or two .
BPL to Bring 100 Mbps Home Broadband Speed at $ 9.95 a Month
Get ready for a revolution in home internet access that will change forever the balance of power in the high priced and stagnant home broadband internet market .
The new Broadband over Powerline standard ( BPL ) should deal a death blow to the cable and telephone companies monopoly on speedy internet connections when it comes into being later this year .
The dream of low cost broadband internet access will finally be available across the country with a simple to use modem that users just plug into any electrical wall socket in the home and enjoy incredible broadband speed .
With connection speeds of over 100 mbps and an expected monthy cost of $ 9.95 , BPL should lower the cost speed ratio for the average American by a factor of 10 in a very short period beginning by the end of 2008 .
The HomePlug Powerline Alliance a group of over 75 companies , including Cisco , Intel and Samsung is settling on the final details of the new IEEP1901 standard and when home equipment begins appearing later this year consumers will benefit greatly from the low cost technology which is made possible because of the preexisting electrical power infrastructure .
Without the expensive last mile issue faced by cable and telephone companies , new equipment costs for the consumer could be as low as $ 40 for the modem and may be included in bundled packages from utilities .
ASIA FOR EDUCATORS has been redesigned !
The content that you were looking for can now be found at this URL :
http://afe.easia.columbia.edu/special/china_1950_population.htm
Please update your bookmarks .
You will be redirected automatically in 5 seconds .
An undeterred Sony Ericsson appears to have a handsome new slider on its way out in the near future -- according to a slew of pictures leaked to the se4m forums -- meant to sit beside the previously spied ( and supposedly forthcoming ) Remi .
The device -- dubbed the G705 -- will feature GPS , WiFi , a 2.4 - inch display , a 3.2 megapixel camera with flash , 128MB of internal memory , and will run atop the A2 software platform .
There 's not a ton of info to go around right now , but if you hit the read link you can feast your eyes on a wide array of succulent photos .
We 're including another shot after the break , just in case you do n't like traveling .
[ Via Navigadget
Why a re-introduction ?
Because JavaScript is notorious for being the world 's most misunderstood programming language .
It is often derided as being a toy , but beneath its layer of deceptive simplicity , powerful language features await .
JavaScript is now used by an incredible number of high - profile applications , showing that deeper knowledge of this technology is an important skill for any web or mobile developer .
It 's useful to start with an overview of the language 's history .
JavaScript was created in 1995 by Brendan Eich while he was an engineer at Netscape .
JavaScript was first released with Netscape 2 early in 1996 .
It was originally going to be called LiveScript , but it was renamed in an ill - fated marketing decision that attempted to capitalize on the popularity of Sun Microsystem 's Java language — despite the two having very little in common .
This has been a source of confusion ever since .
Several months later , Microsoft released JScript with Internet Explorer 3 .
It was a mostly - compatible JavaScript work - alike .
Several months after that , Netscape submitted JavaScript to Ecma International , a European standards organization , which resulted in the first edition of the ECMAScript standard that year .
The standard received a significant update as ECMAScript edition 3 in 1999 , and it has stayed pretty much stable ever since .
The fourth edition was abandoned , due to political differences concerning language complexity .
Many parts of the fourth edition formed the basis for ECMAScript edition 5 , published in December of 2009 , and for the 6th major edition of the standard , published in June of 2015 .
Because it is more familiar , we will refer to ECMAScript as " JavaScript " from this point on .
Unlike most programming languages , the JavaScript language has no concept of input or output .
It is designed to run as a scripting language in a host environment , and it is up to the host environment to provide mechanisms for communicating with the outside world .
The most common host environment is the browser , but JavaScript interpreters can also be found in a huge list of other places , including Adobe Acrobat , Adobe Photoshop , SVG images , Yahoo's Widget engine , server - side environments such as Node.js , NoSQL databases like the open source Apache CouchDB , embedded computers , complete desktop environments like GNOME ( one of the most popular GUIs for GNU / Linux operating systems ) , and others .
Overview
JavaScript is a multi-paradigm , dynamic language with types and operators , standard built - in objects , and methods .
Its syntax is based on the Java and C languages — many structures from those languages apply to JavaScript as well .
JavaScript supports object - oriented programming with object prototypes , instead of classes ( see more about prototypical inheritance and ES2015 classes ) .
JavaScript also supports functional programming — because they are objects , functions may be stored in variables and passed around like any other object .
Let 's start off by looking at the building blocks of any language : the types .
JavaScript programs manipulate values , and those values all belong to a type .
JavaScript 's types are :
Number
String
Boolean
Function
Object
Symbol ( new in ES2015 )
... oh , and undefined and null , which are ... slightly odd .
And Array , which is a special kind of object .
And Date and RegExp , which are objects that you get for free .
And to be technically accurate , functions are just a special type of object .
So the type diagram looks more like this :
Number
String
Boolean
Symbol ( new in ES2015 )
( new in ES2015 ) Object Function Array Date RegExp
null
undefined
And there are some built - in Error types as well .
Things are a lot easier if we stick with the first diagram , however , so we 'll discuss the types listed there for now .
Numbers
Numbers in JavaScript are " double - precision 64 - bit format IEEE 754 values " , according to the spec —
There 's no such thing as an integer in JavaScript ( except BigInt ) , so you have to be a little careful .
See this example :
console.log(3 / 2 ) ; // 1.5 , not 1 console.log( Math.floor(3 / 2 ) ) ; // 1
So an apparent integer is in fact implicitly a float .
Also , watch out for stuff like :
0.1 + 0.2 == 0.30000000000000004 ;
In practice , integer values are treated as 32 - bit ints , and some implementations even store it that way until they are asked to perform an instruction that 's valid on a Number but not on a 32 - bit integer .
This can be important for bit - wise operations .
The standard arithmetic operators are supported , including addition , subtraction , modulus ( or remainder ) arithmetic , and so forth .
There 's also a built - in object that we did not mention earlier called Math that provides advanced mathematical functions and constants :
Math.sin( 3.5 ) ; var circumference = 2 * Math .
PI * r ;
You can convert a string to an integer using the built - in parseInt ( ) function .
This takes the base for the conversion as an optional second argument , which you should always provide :
parseInt ( ' 123 ' , 10 ) ; // 123 parseInt ( '010 ' , 10 ) ; // 10
In older browsers , strings beginning with a " 0 " are assumed to be in octal ( radix 8 ) , but this has n't been the case since 2013 or so .
Unless you 're certain of your string format , you can get surprising results on those older browsers :
parseInt ( '010 ' ) ; // 8 parseInt ( '0x10 ' ) ; // 16
Here , we see the parseInt ( ) function treat the first string as octal due to the leading 0 , and the second string as hexadecimal due to the leading " 0 x " .
The hexadecimal notation is still in place ; only octal has been removed .
If you want to convert a binary number to an integer , just change the base :
parseInt ( ' 11 ' , 2 ) ; // 3
Similarly , you can parse floating point numbers using the built - in parseFloat ( ) function .
Unlike its parseInt ( ) cousin , parseFloat ( ) always uses base 10 .
You can also use the unary + operator to convert values to numbers :
+ ' 42 ' ; // 42 + ' 010 ' ; // 10 + ' 0x10 ' ; // 16
A special value called NaN ( short for " Not a Number " ) is returned if the string is non-numeric :
parseInt ( ' hello ' , 10 ) ; // NaN
NaN is toxic : if you provide it as an operand to any mathematical operation , the result will also be NaN :
NaN + 5 ; // NaN
You can test for NaN using the built - in isNaN ( ) function :
isNaN( NaN ) ; // true
JavaScript also has the special values Infinity and - Infinity :
1 / 0 ; // Infinity - 1 / 0 ; // - Infinity
You can test for Infinity , - Infinity and NaN values using the built - in isFinite ( ) function :
isFinite ( 1 / 0 ) ; // false is Finite ( - Infinity ) ; // false is Finite ( NaN ) ; // false
NaN if there is an invalid character contained within it .
Just try parsing the string " 10.2abc " with each method by yourself in the console and you 'll understand the differences better .
The parseInt ( ) and parseFloat ( ) functions parse a string until they reach a character that is n't valid for the specified number format , then return the number parsed up to that point .
However the " + " operator simply converts the string toif there is an invalid character contained within it .
Just try parsing the string " 10.2abc " with each method by yourself in the console and you 'll understand the differences better .
Strings
Strings in JavaScript are sequences of Unicode characters .
This should be welcome news to anyone who has had to deal with internationalization .
More accurately , they are sequences of UTF - 16 code units ; each code unit is represented by a 16 - bit number .
Each Unicode character is represented by either 1 or 2 code units .
If you want to represent a single character , you just use a string consisting of that single character .
To find the length of a string ( in code units ) , access its length property :
' hello '. length ; // 5
There 's our first brush with JavaScript objects !
Did we mention that you can use strings like objects too ?
They have methods as well that allow you to manipulate the string and access information about the string :
' hello'.charAt(0 ) ; // " h " ' hello , world '. replace ( ' world ' , ' mars ' ) ; // " hello , mars " ' hello'.toUpperCase ( ) ; // " HELLO "
Other types
JavaScript distinguishes between null , which is a value that indicates a deliberate non-value ( and is only accessible through the null keyword ) , and undefined , which is a value of type undefined that indicates an uninitialized variable — that is , a value has n't even been assigned yet .
We 'll talk about variables later , but in JavaScript it is possible to declare a variable without assigning a value to it .
If you do this , the variable 's type is undefined .
undefined is actually a constant .
JavaScript has a boolean type , with possible values true and false ( both of which are keywords . )
Any value can be converted to a boolean according to the following rules :
false , 0 , empty strings ( " " ) , NaN , null , and undefined all become false .
All other values become true .
You can perform this conversion explicitly using the Boolean ( ) function :
Boolean ( '' ) ; // false Boolean ( 234 ) ; // true
However , this is rarely necessary , as JavaScript will silently perform this conversion when it expects a boolean , such as in an if statement ( see below ) .
For this reason , we sometimes speak simply of " true values " and " false values , " meaning values that become true and false , respectively , when converted to booleans .
Alternatively , such values can be called " truthy " and " falsy " , respectively .
Boolean operations such as && ( logical and ) , || ( logical or ) , and ! ( logical not ) are supported ; see below .
Variables
New variables in JavaScript are declared using one of three keywords : let , const , or var .
let allows you to declare block - level variables .
The declared variable is available from the block it is enclosed in .
let a ; let name = ' Simon ' ;
The following is an example of scope with a variable declared with let :
// myLetVariable is * not* visible out here for ( let myLetVariable = 0 ; myLetVariable < 5 ; myLetVariable ++) { // myLetVariable is only visible in here } // myLetVariable is * not* visible out here
const allows you to declare variables whose values are never intended to change .
The variable is available from the block it is declared in .
const Pi = 3.14 ; // variable Pi is set Pi = 1 ; // will throw an error because you cannot change a constant variable .
var is the most common declarative keyword .
It does not have the restrictions that the other two keywords have .
This is because it was traditionally the only way to declare a variable in JavaScript .
A variable declared with the var keyword is available from the function it is declared in .
var a ; var name = ' Simon ' ;
An example of scope with a variable declared with var :
// myVarVariable * is* visible out here for ( var myVarVariable = 0 ; myVarVariable < 5 ; myVarVariable ++) { // myVarVariable is visible to the whole function } // myVarVariable * is* visible out here
If you declare a variable without assigning any value to it , its type is undefined .
An important difference between JavaScript and other languages like Java is that in JavaScript , blocks do not have scope ; only functions have a scope .
So if a variable is defined using var in a compound statement ( for example inside an if control structure ) , it will be visible to the entire function .
However , starting with ECMAScript 2015 , let and const declarations allow you to create block - scoped variables .
Operators
JavaScript 's numeric operators are + , - , * , / and % which is the remainder operator ( which is the same as modulo . )
Values are assigned using = , and there are also compound assignment statements such as += and -= .
These extend out to x = x operator y .
x += 5 ; x = x + 5 ;
You can use ++ and -- to increment and decrement respectively .
These can be used as a prefix or postfix operators .
The + operator also does string concatenation :
' hello ' + ' world ' ; // " hello world "
If you add a string to a number ( or other value ) everything is converted into a string first .
This might trip you up :
' 3 ' + 4 + 5 ; // " 345 " 3 + 4 + ' 5 ' ; // " 75 "
Adding an empty string to something is a useful way of converting it to a string itself .
Comparisons in JavaScript can be made using < , > , <= and >= .
These work for both strings and numbers .
Equality is a little less straightforward .
The double - equals operator performs type coercion if you give it different types , with sometimes interesting results :
123 == ' 123 ' ; // true 1 == true ; // true
To avoid type coercion , use the triple - equals operator :
123 === ' 123 ' ; // false 1 === true ; // false
There are also != and !== operators .
JavaScript also has bitwise operations .
If you want to use them , they 're there .
Control structures
JavaScript has a similar set of control structures to other languages in the C family .
Conditional statements are supported by if and else ; you can chain them together if you like :
var name = ' kittens ' ; if ( name == ' puppies ' ) { name += ' woof ' ; } else if ( name == ' kittens ' ) { name += ' meow ' ; } else { name += '!' ; } name == ' kittens meow ' ;
JavaScript has while loops and do - while loops .
The first is good for basic looping ; the second for loops where you wish to ensure that the body of the loop is executed at least once :
while ( true ) { // an infinite loop !
} var input ; do { input = get_input ( ) ; } while ( inputIsNotValid ( input ) ) ;
JavaScript's for loop is the same as that in C and Java : it lets you provide the control information for your loop on a single line .
for ( var i = 0 ; i < 5 ; i++) { //
Will execute 5 times }
JavaScript also contains two other prominent for loops : for ... of
for ( let value of array ) { // do something with value }
and for ... in :
for ( let property in object ) { // do something with object property }
The && and || operators use short - circuit logic , which means whether they will execute their second operand is dependent on the first .
This is useful for checking for null objects before accessing their attributes :
var name = o && o.getName ( ) ;
Or for caching values ( when falsy values are invalid ) :
var name = cachedName || ( cachedName = getName ( ) ) ;
JavaScript has a ternary operator for conditional expressions :
var allowed = ( age > 18 ) ? ' yes ' : ' no ' ;
The switch statement can be used for multiple branches based on a number or string :
switch ( action ) { case ' draw ' : drawIt( ) ; break ; case ' eat ' : eatIt ( ) ; break ; default : doNothing ( ) ; }
If you do n't add a break statement , execution will " fall through " to the next level .
This is very rarely what you want — in fact it 's worth specifically labeling deliberate fallthrough with a comment if you really meant it to aid debugging :
switch ( a ) { case 1 : // fallthrough case 2 : eatIt ( ) ; break ; default : doNothing ( ) ; }
The default clause is optional .
You can have expressions in both the switch part and the cases if you like ; comparisons take place between the two using the === operator :
switch ( 1 + 3 ) { case 2 + 2 : yay ( ) ; break ; default : neverhappens ( ) ; }
Objects
JavaScript objects can be thought of as simple collections of name - value pairs .
As such , they are similar to :
Dictionaries in Python .
Hashes in Perl and Ruby .
Hash tables in C and C ++.
HashMaps in Java .
Associative arrays in PHP .
The fact that this data structure is so widely used is a testament to its versatility .
Since everything ( bar core types ) in JavaScript is an object , any JavaScript program naturally involves a great deal of hash table lookups .
It 's a good thing they 're so fast !
The " name " part is a JavaScript string , while the value can be any JavaScript value — including more objects .
This allows you to build data structures of arbitrary complexity .
There are two basic ways to create an empty object :
var obj = new Object ( ) ;
And :
var obj = {} ;
These are semantically equivalent ; the second is called object literal syntax and is more convenient .
This syntax is also the core of JSON format and should be preferred at all times .
Object literal syntax can be used to initialize an object in its entirety :
var obj = { name : ' Carrot ' , for : ' Max ' , // ' for ' is a reserved word , use ' _for ' instead .
details : { color : ' orange ' , size : 12 } } ;
Attribute access can be chained together :
obj.details.color ; // orange obj [ ' details ' ] [ ' size ' ] ; // 12
The following example creates an object prototype ( Person ) and an instance of that prototype ( you ) .
function Person ( name , age ) { this .
name = name ; this .age = age ; } // Define an object var you = new Person (' You ' , 24 ) ; //
We are creating a new person named " You " aged 24 .
Once created , an object 's properties can again be accessed in one of two ways :
// dot notation obj.name = ' Simon ' ; var name = obj.name ;
And ...
// bracket notation obj [ ' name ' ] = ' Simon ' ; var name = obj [ ' name ' ] ; // can use a variable to define a key var user = prompt ( ' what is your key ? ' ) obj[ user ] = prompt ( ' what is its value ? ' )
These are also semantically equivalent .
The second method has the advantage that the name of the property is provided as a string , which means it can be calculated at run-time .
However , using this method prevents some JavaScript engine and minifier optimizations being applied .
It can also be used to set and get properties with names that are reserved words :
obj.for = ' Simon ' ; // Syntax error , because ' for ' is a reserved word obj [ ' for ' ] = ' Simon ' ; // works fine
Starting in ECMAScript 5 , reserved words may be used as object property names " in the buff " .
This means that they do n't need to be " clothed " in quotes when defining object literals .
See the ES5 Spec .
For more on objects and prototypes see Object .
prototype .
For an explanation of object prototypes and the object prototype chains see Inheritance and the prototype chain .
Starting in ECMAScript 2015 , object keys can be defined by the variable using bracket notation upon being created .
{ [ phoneType ] : 12345} is possible instead of just var userPhone = {} ; userPhone[ phoneType ] = 12345 .
Arrays
Arrays in JavaScript are actually a special type of object .
They work very much like regular objects ( numerical properties can naturally be accessed only using [ ] syntax ) but they have one magic property called ' length '.
This is always one more than the highest index in the array .
One way of creating arrays is as follows :
var a = new Array ( ) ; a [ 0 ] = ' dog ' ; a [ 1 ] = ' cat ' ; a [ 2 ] = ' hen ' ; a.length ; // 3
A more convenient notation is to use an array literal :
var a = [ ' dog ' , ' cat ' , ' hen ' ] ; a.length ; // 3
Note that array .
length is n't necessarily the number of items in the array .
Consider the following :
var a = [ ' dog ' , ' cat ' , ' hen ' ] ; a [ 100 ] = ' fox ' ; a.length ; // 101
Remember — the length of the array is one more than the highest index .
If you query a non-existent array index , you 'll get a value of undefined in return :
typeof a [ 90 ] ; // undefined
If you take the above about [ ] and length into account , you can iterate over an array using the following for loop :
for ( var i = 0 ; i < a.length ; i++ ) { //
Do something with a [ i ] }
ES2015 introduced the more concise for ... of loop for iterable objects such as arrays :
for ( const currentValue of a ) { //
Do something with currentValue }
You could also iterate over an array using a for ... in loop , however this does not iterate over the array elements , but the array indices .
Furthermore , if someone added new properties to Array .
prototype , they would also be iterated over by such a loop .
Therefore this loop type is not recommended for arrays .
Another way of iterating over an array that was added with ECMAScript 5 is forEach ( ) :
[ 'dog ' , ' cat ' , ' hen ' ] .
forEach( function ( currentValue , index , array ) { //
Do something with currentValue or array [ index ] } ) ;
If you want to append an item to an array simply do it like this :
a.push ( item ) ;
Arrays come with a number of methods .
See also the full documentation for array methods .
Method name Description a.toString ()
Returns a string with the toString ( ) of each element separated by commas .
a.toLocaleString ()
Returns a string with the toLocaleString ( ) of each element separated by commas .
a.concat(item1 [ , item2 [ , ...[ , itemN ] ] ] )
Returns a new array with the items added on to it .
a.join ( sep )
Converts the array to a string — with values delimited by the sep param a.pop ( )
Removes and returns the last item .
a.push ( item1 , ... , itemN ) Appends items to the end of the array .
a. shift ( )
Removes and returns the first item . a.unshift( item1 [ , item2 [ , ...[ , itemN ] ] ] )
Prepends items to the start of the array .
a.slice ( start [ , end ] )
Returns a sub-array .
a.sort ( [ cmpfn ] )
Takes an optional comparison function .
a.splice ( start , delcount [ , item1 [ , ...[ , itemN ] ] ] )
Lets you modify an array by deleting a section and replacing it with more items .
a.reverse ( )
Reverses the array .
Functions
Along with objects , functions are the core component in understanding JavaScript .
The most basic function could n't be much simpler :
function add( x , y ) { var total = x + y ; return total ; }
This demonstrates a basic function .
A JavaScript function can take 0 or more named parameters .
The function body can contain as many statements as you like and can declare its own variables which are local to that function .
The return statement can be used to return a value at any time , terminating the function .
If no return statement is used ( or an empty return with no value ) , JavaScript returns undefined .
The named parameters turn out to be more like guidelines than anything else .
You can call a function without passing the parameters it expects , in which case they will be set to undefined .
add ( ) ; // NaN //
You can't perform addition on undefined
You can also pass in more arguments than the function is expecting :
add ( 2 , 3 , 4 ) ; // 5 // added the first two ; 4 was ignored
That may seem a little silly , but functions have access to an additional variable inside their body called arguments , which is an array - like object holding all of the values passed to the function .
Let 's re-write the add function to take as many values as we want :
function add ( ) { var sum = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 , j = arguments .
length ; i < j ; i++ ) { sum += arguments [i ] ; } return sum ; } add ( 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ) ; // 14
That 's really not any more useful than writing 2 + 3 + 4 + 5 though .
Let 's create an averaging function :
function avg ( ) { var sum = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 , j = arguments .
length ; i < j ; i++ ) { sum += arguments [i ] ; } return sum / arguments.
length ; } avg ( 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ) ; // 3.5
This is pretty useful , but it does seem a little verbose .
To reduce this code a bit more we can look at substituting the use of the arguments array through Rest parameter syntax .
In this way , we can pass in any number of arguments into the function while keeping our code minimal .
The rest parameter operator is used in function parameter lists with the format : ... variable and it will include within that variable the entire list of uncaptured arguments that the function was called with .
We will also replace the for loop with a for ... of loop to return the values within our variable .
function avg ( ... args ) { var sum = 0 ; for ( let value of args ) { sum += value ; } return sum / args.length ; } avg ( 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ) ; // 3.5
In the above code , the variable args holds all the values that were passed into the function .
It is important to note that wherever the rest parameter operator is placed in a function declaration it will store all arguments after its declaration , but not before .
i.e. function avg ( firstValue , ...args ) will store the first value passed into the function in the firstValue variable and the remaining arguments in args .
That 's another useful language feature but it does lead us to a new problem .
The avg ( ) function takes a comma-separated list of arguments — but what if you want to find the average of an array ?
You could just rewrite the function as follows :
function avgArray ( arr ) { var sum = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 , j = arr.length ; i < j ; i++ ) { sum += arr[i ] ; } return sum / arr.length ; } avgArray ( [ 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] ) ; // 3.5
But it would be nice to be able to reuse the function that we 've already created .
Luckily , JavaScript lets you call a function with an arbitrary array of arguments , using the apply ( ) method of any function object .
avg.apply ( null , [ 2 , 3 , 4 , 5 ] ) ; // 3.5
The second argument to apply ( ) is the array to use as arguments ; the first will be discussed later on .
This emphasizes the fact that functions are objects too .
You can achieve the same result using the spread operator in the function call .
For instance : avg ( ... numbers )
JavaScript lets you create anonymous functions .
var avg = function ( ) { var sum = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 , j = arguments .
length ; i < j ; i++ ) { sum += arguments [ i ] ; } return sum / arguments .
length ; } ;
This is semantically equivalent to the function avg ( ) form .
It 's extremely powerful , as it lets you put a full function definition anywhere that you would normally put an expression .
This enables all sorts of clever tricks .
Here 's a way of " hiding " some local variables — like block scope in C :
var a = 1 ; var b = 2 ; ( function ( ) { var b = 3 ; a += b ; } ) ( ) ; a ; // 4 b ; // 2
JavaScript allows you to call functions recursively .
This is particularly useful for dealing with tree structures , such as those found in the browser DOM .
function countChars ( elm ) { if ( elm.nodeType == 3 ) { // TEXT_NODE return elm.nodeValue.length ; } var count = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 , child ; child = elm.childNodes [i ] ; i++) { count += countChars ( child ) ; } return count ; }
This highlights a potential problem with anonymous functions : how do you call them recursively if they do n't have a name ?
JavaScript lets you name function expressions for this .
You can use named IIFEs ( Immediately Invoked Function Expressions ) as shown below :
var charsInBody = ( function counter ( elm ) { if ( elm.nodeType == 3 ) { // TEXT_NODE return elm.nodeValue.length ; } var count = 0 ; for ( var i = 0 , child ; child = elm.childNodes [i ] ; i++) { count += counter ( child ) ; } return count ; })( document.body ) ;
The name provided to a function expression as above is only available to the function 's own scope .
This allows more optimizations to be done by the engine and results in more readable code .
The name also shows up in the debugger and some stack traces , which can save you time when debugging .
Note that JavaScript functions are themselves objects — like everything else in JavaScript — and you can add or change properties on them just like we 've seen earlier in the Objects section .
Custom objects
For a more detailed discussion of object - oriented programming in JavaScript , see Introduction to Object - Oriented JavaScript
In classic Object Oriented Programming , objects are collections of data and methods that operate on that data .
JavaScript is a prototype - based language that contains no class statement , as you 'd find in C++ or Java ( this is sometimes confusing for programmers accustomed to languages with a class statement ) .
Instead , JavaScript uses functions as classes .
Let 's consider a person object with first and last name fields .
There are two ways in which the name might be displayed : as " first last " or as " last , first " .
Using the functions and objects that we 've discussed previously , we could display the data like this :
function makePerson ( first , last ) { return { first : first , last : last } ; } function personFullName ( person ) { return person .
first + ' ' + person.last ; } function personFullNameReversed ( person ) { return person.
last + ' , ' + person. first ; } var s = makePerson (' Simon ' , ' Willison ' ) ; personFullName(s ) ; // " Simon Willison " personFullNameReversed(s ) ; // " Willison , Simon "
This works , but it 's pretty ugly .
You end up with dozens of functions in your global namespace .
What we really need is a way to attach a function to an object .
Since functions are objects , this is easy :
function makePerson ( first , last ) { return { first : first , last : last , fullName : function ( ) { return this .
first + ' ' + this .last ; } , fullNameReversed : function ( ) { return this .
last + ' , ' + this .
first ; } } ; } var s = makePerson ( ' Simon ' , ' Willison ' ) ; s.fullName ( ) ; // " Simon Willison " s.fullNameReversed ( ) ; // " Willison , Simon "
Note on the this keyword .
Used inside a function , this refers to the current object .
What that actually means is specified by the way in which you called that function .
If you called it using dot notation or bracket notation on an object , that object becomes this .
If dot notation was n't used for the call , this refers to the global object .
Note that this is a frequent cause of mistakes .
For example :
var s = makePerson (' Simon ' , ' Willison ' ) ; var fullName = s.fullName ; fullName ( ) ; // undefined undefined
When we call fullName ( ) alone , without using s.fullName ( ) , this is bound to the global object .
Since there are no global variables called first or last we get undefined for each one .
We can take advantage of the this keyword to improve our makePerson function :
function Person ( first , last ) { this .
first = first ; this .
last = last ; this .fullName = function ( ) { return this .
first + ' ' + this .last ; } ; this.fullNameReversed = function ( ) { return this .
last + ' , ' + this .
first ; } ; } var s = new Person ( ' Simon ' , ' Willison ' ) ;
We have introduced another keyword : new .
new is strongly related to this .
It creates a brand new empty object , and then calls the function specified , with this set to that new object .
Notice though that the function specified with this does not return a value but merely modifies the this object .
It 's new that returns the this object to the calling site .
Functions that are designed to be called by new are called constructor functions .
Common practice is to capitalize these functions as a reminder to call them with new .
The improved function still has the same pitfall with calling fullName ( ) alone .
Our person objects are getting better , but there are still some ugly edges to them .
Every time we create a person object we are creating two brand new function objects within it — would n't it be better if this code was shared ?
function personFullName ( ) { return this .
first + ' ' + this.last ; } function personFullNameReversed ( ) { return this .
last + ' , ' + this .
first ; } function Person ( first , last ) { this .
first = first ; this .
last = last ; this .fullName = personFullName ; this.fullNameReversed = personFullNameReversed ; }
That 's better : we are creating the method functions only once , and assigning references to them inside the constructor .
Can we do any better than that ?
The answer is yes :
function Person ( first , last ) { this .
first = first ; this .last = last ; } Person.prototype.fullName = function ( ) { return this .
first + ' ' + this.last ; } ; Person.prototype.fullNameReversed = function ( ) { return this .
last + ' , ' + this .
first ; } ;
Person . prototype is an object shared by all instances of Person .
It forms part of a lookup chain ( that has a special name , " prototype chain " ) : any time you attempt to access a property of Person that is n't set , JavaScript will check Person .
prototype to see if that property exists there instead .
As a result , anything assigned to Person . prototype becomes available to all instances of that constructor via the this object .
This is an incredibly powerful tool .
JavaScript lets you modify something 's prototype at any time in your program , which means you can add extra methods to existing objects at runtime :
var s = new Person ( ' Simon ' , ' Willison ' ) ; s.firstNameCaps ( ) ; // TypeError on line 1 : s.firstNameCaps is not a function Person.prototype.firstNameCaps = function ( ) { return this .first.toUpperCase( ) ; } ; s.firstNameCaps ( ) ; // " SIMON "
Interestingly , you can also add things to the prototype of built - in JavaScript objects .
Let 's add a method to String that returns that string in reverse :
var s = ' Simon ' ; s.reversed ( ) ; // TypeError on line 1 : s.reversed is not a function String.prototype.reversed = function ( ) { var r = '' ; for ( var i = this .
length - 1 ; i >= 0 ; i--) { r += this [i ] ; } return r ; } ; s.reversed ( ) ; // nomiS
Our new method even works on string literals !
' This can now be reversed '. reversed ( ) ; // desrever eb won nac sihT
As mentioned before , the prototype forms part of a chain .
The root of that chain is Object .
prototype , whose methods include toString ( ) — it is this method that is called when you try to represent an object as a string .
This is useful for debugging our Person objects :
var s = new Person ( ' Simon ' , ' Willison ' ) ; s.toString ( ) ; // [ object Object ] Person.prototype.toString = function ( ) { return '< Person : ' + this.fullName( ) + '>' ; } s.toString ( ) ; // " < Person : Simon Willison > "
Remember how avg.apply ( ) had a null first argument ?
We can revisit that now .
The first argument to apply ( ) is the object that should be treated as ' this ' .
For example , here 's a trivial implementation of new :
function trivialNew ( constructor , ...args ) { var o = {} ; // Create an object constructor. apply ( o , args ) ; return o ; }
This is n't an exact replica of new as it does n't set up the prototype chain ( it would be difficult to illustrate ) .
This is not something you use very often , but it 's useful to know about .
In this snippet , ... args ( including the ellipsis ) is called the " rest arguments " — as the name implies , this contains the rest of the arguments .
Calling
var bill = trivialNew ( Person , ' William ' , ' Orange ' ) ;
is therefore almost equivalent to
var bill = new Person ( ' William ' , ' Orange ' ) ;
apply ( ) has a sister function named call , which again lets you set this but takes an expanded argument list as opposed to an array .
function lastNameCaps ( ) { return this.last.toUpperCase( ) ; } var s = new Person ( ' Simon ' , ' Willison ' ) ; lastNameCaps.call(s ) ; //
Is the same as : s.lastNameCaps = lastNameCaps ; s.lastNameCaps ( ) ; // WILLISON
Inner functions
JavaScript function declarations are allowed inside other functions .
We 've seen this once before , with an earlier makePerson ( ) function .
An important detail of nested functions in JavaScript is that they can access variables in their parent function 's scope :
function parentFunc ( ) { var a = 1 ; function nestedFunc ( ) { var b = 4 ; // parentFunc can't use this return a + b ; } return nestedFunc ( ) ; // 5 }
This provides a great deal of utility in writing more maintainable code .
If a called function relies on one or two other functions that are not useful to any other part of your code , you can nest those utility functions inside it .
This keeps the number of functions that are in the global scope down , which is always a good thing .
This is also a great counter to the lure of global variables .
When writing complex code it is often tempting to use global variables to share values between multiple functions — which leads to code that is hard to maintain .
Nested functions can share variables in their parent , so you can use that mechanism to couple functions together when it makes sense without polluting your global namespace — " local globals " if you like .
This technique should be used with caution , but it 's a useful ability to have .
Closures
This leads us to one of the most powerful abstractions that JavaScript has to offer — but also the most potentially confusing .
What does this do ?
function makeAdder ( a ) { return function ( b ) { return a + b ; } ; } var add5 = makeAdder ( 5 ) ; var add20 = makeAdder ( 20 ) ; add5 ( 6 ) ; // ? add20(7 ) ; // ?
The name of the makeAdder ( ) function should give it away : it creates new ' adder ' functions , each of which , when called with one argument , adds it to the argument that it was created with .
What 's happening here is pretty much the same as was happening with the inner functions earlier on : a function defined inside another function has access to the outer function 's variables .
The only difference here is that the outer function has returned , and hence common sense would seem to dictate that its local variables no longer exist .
But they do still exist — otherwise , the adder functions would be unable to work .
What 's more , there are two different " copies " of makeAdder ( ) 's local variables — one in which a is 5 and the other one where a is 20 .
So the result of that function calls is as follows :
add5 (6 ) ; // returns 11 add20 ( 7 ) ; // returns 27
Here 's what 's actually happening .
Whenever JavaScript executes a function , a ' scope ' object is created to hold the local variables created within that function .
It is initialized with any variables passed in as function parameters .
This is similar to the global object that all global variables and functions live in , but with a couple of important differences : firstly , a brand new scope object is created every time a function starts executing , and secondly , unlike the global object ( which is accessible as this and in browsers as window ) these scope objects cannot be directly accessed from your JavaScript code .
There is no mechanism for iterating over the properties of the current scope object , for example .
So when makeAdder ( ) is called , a scope object is created with one property : a , which is the argument passed to the makeAdder ( ) function .
makeAdder ( ) then returns a newly created function .
Normally JavaScript's garbage collector would clean up the scope object created for makeAdder ( ) at this point , but the returned function maintains a reference back to that scope object .
As a result , the scope object will not be garbage - collected until there are no more references to the function object that makeAdder ( ) returned .
Scope objects form a chain called the scope chain , similar to the prototype chain used by JavaScript 's object system .
A closure is the combination of a function and the scope object in which it was created .
Closures let you save state — as such , they can often be used in place of objects .
You can find several excellent introductions to closures .
Around a distant star , two planets similar to Earth collided and were destroyed , astronomers said today .
The somewhat speculative scenario is based on the leftovers : a ring of debris around the star that includes a million times more dust than now circles our sun .
" It 's as if Earth and Venus collided , " said researcher Benjamin Zuckerman , UCLA professor of physics and astronomy .
" Astronomers have never seen anything like this before .
Apparently , major catastrophic collisions can take place in a fully mature planetary system . "
The researchers used X - ray data and other observations of a star called BD +20 307 .
They had assumed it was a young star , just a few hundred million years old , and the debris was leftovers from planet formation .
But earlier this year , another study showed the star was actually a binary pair , and that the stars were billions of years old .
So why all the debris ?
The dust is about the same distance from the stellar pair as Earth is from the sun , and given current theories of planet formation , that debris should have been swept up into planets by now or pushed away by stellar radiation .
It simply should n't be there .
A colossal collision must have created all that dust sometime in the past few hundred thousand years and perhaps much more recently , the astronomers figure .
It would have been a whopper .
" If any life was present on either planet , the massive collision would have wiped out everything in a matter of minutes — the ultimate extinction event , " said Gregory Henry , an astronomer at Tennessee State University ( TSU ) who worked with Zuckerman on the research .
" A massive disk of infrared - emitting dust circling the star provides silent testimony to this sad fate . "
To put the collision into context , Zuckerman said : " By contrast with the massive crash in the BD +20 307 system , the collision of an asteroid with Earth 65 million years ago , the most favored explanation for the final demise of the dinosaurs , was a mere pipsqueak . "
The work was funded by the National Science Foundation and NASA , and also by TSU and the State of Tennessee .
It will be detailed in the December issue of the Astrophysical Journal .
The conclusion has the astronomers thinking about home .
" This poses two very interesting questions , " said TSU astronomer Francis Fekel .
" How do planetary orbits become destabilized in such an old , mature system , and could such a collision happen in our own solar system ? "
It has already happened here , in fact .
Our moon is thought to have been created when a Mars - sized object slammed into Earth .
Henry points out that computer models done by other researchers suggest that as planets in our solar system migrate over time , there is a " small probability for collisions of Mercury with Earth or Venus sometime in the next billion years or more . "
Of course by then the sun will have expanded and we might be toast anyway .
Book
Visualizing Data is my 2007 book about computational information design .
It covers the path from raw data to how we understand it , detailing how to begin with a set of numbers and produce images or software that lets you view and interact with information .
When first published , it was the only book (s ) for people who wanted to learn how to actually build a data visualization in code .
The text was published by O’Reilly in December 2007 and can be found at Amazon and elsewhere .
Amazon also has an edition for the Kindle , for people who are n’t into the dead tree thing .
( Proceeds from Amazon links found on this page are used to pay my web hosting bill . )
Examples for the book can be found here .
The book covers ideas found in my Ph.D. dissertation , which is the basis for Chapter 1 .
The next chapter is an extremely brief introduction to Processing , which is used for the examples .
Next is ( chapter 3 ) is a simple mapping project to place data points on a map of the United States .
Of course , the idea is not that lots of people want to visualize data for each of 50 states .
Instead , it ’s a jumping off point for learning how to lay out data spatially .
The chapters that follow cover six more projects , such as salary vs. performance ( Chapter 5 ) , zipdecode ( Chapter 6 ) , followed by more advanced topics dealing with trees , treemaps , hierarchies , and recursion ( Chapter 7 ) , plus graphs and networks ( Chapter 8 ) .
This site is used for follow - up code and writing about related topics .
View Map City of Science and Industry Address 30 Avenue Corentin Cariou , 75019 Paris , France Get directions
Phone +33 1 40 05 70 00 Web Visit website
Are you looking for something a bit off the beaten path in Paris ?
Are you visiting with kids ?
If so , the sprawling Science and Industry Museum / Center in Paris ( Cité des Sciences et de l'Industrie ) is a delightful place to spend a morning or afternoon in pursuit of fun , learning , and discovery .
Designed for children aged 2 to 18 , this vast center includes numerous thematic attractions and areas , including an impressive planetarium .
With permanent and temporary exhibition spaces organized by target age group , the museum explores topics as varied as physics , geography , geometry , media and technology , space exploration , engineering and amazing inventions , and human anatomy .
There 's even an enormous reflective geodesic dome housing a panoramic theatre close to the main center , lending the whole complex a futuristic feel — if one that , ironically , is already starting to feel a tiny bit dated .
Whether you 're a parent looking for great things to do with kids in Paris , or simply someone who enjoys a good science and industry exhibit , do reserve some time for this under - appreciated gem in the north of the city .
It 's part of the vast complex known as " La Villette . "
Here you 'll find an array of fun thematic parks and gardens , an outdoor space for summer movie screenings , a new philharmonic music hall and museum , another concert venue for rock and pop called Le Zenith , and much more .
What to Do : Activities and Spaces at the Center
The Cité is organized into permanent exhibition spaces , temporary exhibits , and a dedicated space , the Cité des Enfants , designed for kids aged 2 to 12 .
The permanent exhibits consist of thematic areas exploring topics such as the Human Brain , Transportation and Mankind , Energy , Astronomy ( " The Great Story of the Universe " ) , mathematics , the phenomena of sounds , and human genomes .
The Cité des Enfants offers a delightful environment for young children and providing commentary in English and Spanish as well as in French .
Divided into two distinctive areas — one for children between 2 to 7 years old and the other for 5 to 12 years old — the Cité des Enfants is a massive " adventure playground " allowing kids to engage their senses and innate scientific curiosity .
Games , interactive exhibits , and experimental areas allow kids to really get their thinking caps on to explore .
These exhibits were designed to be accessible to people with all kinds of disabilities , too .
For more details on this area , visit this page .
The Famed Geodesic Dome
The enormous geodesic dome looming near the entrance to the Cité 's main exhibition spaces is a commanding sight , bringing to mind the futuristic experiments of the 1960s and 1970s and people like Buckminster Fuller , a designer of many of the world 's domes .
Unveiled in 1985 and designed by architect Adrien Fainsilber and engineer Gérard Chamayou , the dome , called " La Geode " in French , stands 36 meters tall and is so reflective that you can see the sky and surrounding objects in its polished , stainless steel surface .
The dome houses an IMAX - style theatre .
For information on shows and times , visit this page .
Read Related : Top 10 Art Museums in Paris
Restaurants and Cafes
There are several dining areas at the Center , offering fare ranging from fast food to formal dining .
A Burger King chain located on level - 2 is one possibility for a quick snack .
Still , if you 'd prefer to avoid the siren call of fast - food , the " Biosphere " cafe on level 1 advertises itself as offering healthier quick options , or to find a sandwich or salad at the takeaway cafe on the ground floor .
Finally , a formal restaurant and tearoom on the underground level - 2 is an option if you 're looking for a longer , sit - down meal .
Reservations are n't required but are recommended for evening meals , especially in the spring and summer months .
Location , Getting There , and Contact Details
The Cité des Sciences is located in Paris ' northeastern 19th Arrondissement , easily accessible by metro or bus .
It may feel like a bit of an effort to get there , but in reality , it 's only about a 20 - minute train ride from the city center .
Address : 30 , Avenue Corentin - Cariou , 19th Arrondissement
Metro : Corentin - Cariou or Porte de la Villette ( line 7 ; take from Chatelet - Les- Halles in the city center )
You can also visit their website that is available in English .
Is There Access for Visitors With Limited Mobility ?
Yes , there is .
There is ramp access directly from the Porte de la Villette Tramway and bus stops , as well as an elevator from the car park that will take you to the ground floor .
Unfortunately , metro access is not fully adapted for disabled visitors with limited mobility at this time .
Read related : How accessible is Paris to Visitors With Limited Mobility ?
Nearby Sights and Attractions
Although the Science and Industry center is situated in an area that most visitors rarely venture to explore — particularly since it does n't feature many of the city 's more popular sights and attractions — we nevertheless encourage you to take some time to get to know this interesting quartier better .
Some of my favorite things to do and see around La Villette include :
Opening Hours and Purchasing Tickets
The main science and industry center is open during the following days and times :
Tuesday to Saturday : 10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m .
10:00 a.m. to 6:00 p.m. Sunday : 10:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m.
10:00 a.m. to 7:00 p.m. Closed : Mondays ; January 1st ; May 1st ; Christmas Day ( December 25th )
The geodesic dome is open from Tuesdays to Sundays from 10:30 a.m. to 8:30 p.m. , and occasionally on Mondays .
To book tickets online and to see current and upcoming exhibits at the center , visit this page at the official website ( page is in English ) .
Liked This ?
See These Related Features :
If you 're interested in quirky , off - the - beaten - track museums , check out our feature on the Strangest Museums in Paris , including the Paris Catacombs and the Musée des Arts et Métiers , an old - world science and industry museum more targeted to adults ( but one that kids will also likely enjoy . )
To keep the kids happy , make sure to explore places like the zoo ( menagerie ) at the Jardin des Plantes , the old - fashioned amusement park known locally as the Jardin d'Acclimation , complete with train and old - style rides , and , of course , the Disneyland Paris Resort just an hour east of the city center .
2019 is going to be a massive year for small businesses , with the number of registered organizations bubbling up to nearly 30 million !
As more people find the inspiration to build their own companies , organizations have to start getting creative in their marketing strategies .
Only buying ads on Facebook is n’t going to be an effective way to cut through the clutter anymore .
Therein lies the purpose of this article .
We want 2019 to be a big year for your business .
To that end here are ten creative advertising methods you should start building your business around !
1. Signage
One of the lowest hanging fruits when it comes to creative advertising methods is stepping up your signage game .
If you ’re a brick and mortar business , are you utilizing your display advertising effectively ?
Are you sharing your best deals in your window display ?
Are the signs you have up representative of the feel you want your brand to communicate to consumers ?
If you feel like your signage and displays are falling short of where they could be , move some money around in the new year and get them to where they need to be .
2. Trade Shows
Trade
Shows are n’t for every business , but it ’s surprising to know how many companies could benefit from attending at least one per year .
If your products or services have any sort of business - to - business appeal , you should make an effort to get out on the show floor .
Many companies find their most valuable corporate clients during shows .
With attendance at trade shows dwindling amidst the digital marketing craze , you stand a better chance of standing out !
3. Swag
People love free stuff .
Stickers .
Magnets .
Pencils …
That ’s why giving out branded merch at your store or in the street is a great way to get your brand out there .
What ’s awesome about this means of marketing is that when people see others showing off your stickers or using your company pen , it feels more like a personal endorsement than blatant marketing .
Endorsements are a powerful form of marketing .
4. Doubling Down on Word of Mouth
How much attention do you pay to word of mouth when advertising ?
Chances are , not enough .
That ’s why systematizing your word of mouth efforts is a 2019 creative advertising methods must !
To get started , actively police your company ’s Yelp account .
Reply to good and bad reviews and always be professional when doing so .
Also , be sure to ask satisfied customers to tell their friends about your business and to leave you reviews online .
If you want to be a staple in your local community , sponsor local stuff !
High school marching bands , sports teams , cheer squads …
Any group or club you can sponsor who will then showcase your business ’ name is worth your time .
6. Radio
Radio advertisement used to be the place to go to pump up your business .
Then television came along …
Then the internet .
Most people do n’t think about radio anymore when they ’re allocating marketing spend for the year and that ’s a shame .
Radio is still a highly listened to medium that ’s local and therefore , valuable to brick and mortar stores .
Find a station that caters to your demo , buy some ads , and see how they go !
7. Blogger Outreach
Endorsements are more valuable than advertising .
We touched on that idea in our third point and think you should lean on it when marketing in 2019 .
One of the best ways to do that is through blogger outreach .
Find bloggers who write about stuff in your company ’s niche and ask them if they ’d be willing to review your product or service .
If they are , send them what they need and enjoy the value that pours in when your products get shared in a positive light with the blogger ’s audience .
8. LinkedIn
Chances are you ’re already on Linked In , but are you using it effectively ?
To get the most out of LinkedIn and up your creative advertising methods effectiveness , you ’re going to want to post thought - provoking content on the platform .
Share expertise that your business - to - business customers might appreciate .
Also , comment on other people ’s posts .
The more you can establish yourself as an expert in your field , the more likely you ’ll be to attract customers on the platform .
9. Lunch Workshops
A ton of people in fields like financial services and similar industries get customers through workshops .
The process of hosting one is simple .
On a weekend , invite the local community to eat free lunch and learn something that could improve the quality of their life .
During the workshop , you can provide them with valuable information and offer them a free one - on - one appointment which you can later spin - off into future paid appointments .
10 . Direct Mail
Direct mail is among the most touted advertising methods you ’ll find in this day in age .
For certain services , it ’s still an effective marketing tactic .
For example , if you ’re opening up a laundromat in the area , direct mail to apartment complexes is an effective way to get people in your doors .
To make sure that your mail gets read and not thrown away , hire a designer to make a flyer that stands out as opposed to going with a basic , black and white design .
Wrapping Up Creative Advertising Methods to Get Your Customers Talking in 2019
We ’ve shared 10 creative advertising methods that break away from the typical digital marketing - fare .
Leverage our advice and you ’ll start to see more customers flood in !
Want information on how you can use tech to scale your business ?
If so , check out more of our content on Donklephant today .
Joe Biden offered perhaps his most off - message statement yet since being tapped as Barack Obama 's running mate , saying in an interview that he thought one of his campaign 's own ads was " terrible " and had n't know about it in advance .
Asked by CBS 's Katie Couric about an ad Obama released earlier this month mocking John McCain for not being able to use a computer , Biden criticized the commercial and suggested it had been aired without his knowledge .
" I thought that was terrible by the way , " Biden said of the computer ad in an interview broadcast tonight on the CBS Evening News
Asked why it was aired , Biden said : " I did n't know we did it and if I had anything to do with it , we would have never done it . "
comments closed
permalink
Biden : McCain is ' no maverick for things that matter ' Nick Juliano and David Edwards
Published : Thursday October 2 , 2008
Print This Email This Palin : I betcha you 're going to hear some fear ' on economy
In their first and only meeting , vice presidential candidates Joe Biden and Sarah Palin aimed most of their fire at each other 's running mates , with Biden going directly after John McCain 's " maverick " image and Palin painting Barack Obama as a typical tax and spend liberal .
" He has been no maverick for the things that matter in people 's lives , " Biden said , accusing McCain of voting against healthcare for children , tax credits for education and of supporting President Bush 's most egregious policies .
Palin , meanwhile , accused Biden of being focused too much on the policies of the past .
The Republican running mate came into the debate with abysmally low expectations for her performance , and she seemed to at least meet them .
However , at many points Palin refused to answer the questions that were asked of her , instead sticking to what seemed to be well rehearsed talking points .
" I may not answer the questions the way you or the moderator want to hear , but I 'm going to talk to the American people , " Palin said , taking a none - too - subtle dig at PBS 's Gwen Ifill , the debate moderator who has faced Republican criticism all week .
About an hour into Thursday 's 90 - minute debate , Palin seemed to grow fatigued and her answered veered into the rambling , nearly incoherent territory that marked her interview earlier this week with CBS 's Katie Couric .
A question from Ifill about what each candidate considered their greatest weakness seemed to completely throw Palin through a loop .
The moderator mentioned that " conventional wisdom " held that Palin 's relative inexperience and Biden 's lack of discipline represented each candidate 's " Achilles heel , " and she asked each what they thought it really was .
It 's unclear whether Palin misheard the question or simply did not understand the reference to the well known figure from Greek mythology .
In any case , her answer provided anything but a frank assessment of her weaknesses .
" My experience as an executive will be put to good use , " she said , reciting her resume points : mayor , governor , et cetera .
She went on to note her " connection to the heartland of America " with a special needs child and son in Iraq , then talked about families " sitting around the kitchen table " worrying about healthcare costs .
She even threw in an homage to Ronald Reagan 's description of a " shining city on a hill " and said she and McCain would serve as a " force for good " in America .
For his part , Biden was n't very forthcoming with weaknesses , either .
He said Ifill was " very kind " for saying his lack of disipline was his only weakness .
" Other 's talk about my excessive passion , " he said -- a response akin to telling a job interviewer that your only strength is " working too hard " or " caring too much . "
Biden went on to touch a variety of issues in his response , at one point getting choked up as he recalled raising his children alone for several years after his first wife 's unexpected death .
Earlier in the debate , Palin started out strong , presenting herself as an average American who uses the crowds at kids soccer games as her economic barometer to open Thursday night 's vice presidential debate .
Much of the first half of the debate focused on the ongoing economic crisis , with Palin attempting to connect to average voters while defending presidential nominee John McCain 's previous statement that the " fundamentals " of the US economy were strong .
Biden said the country had suffered the " worst economic policies we 've ever had " under President Bush , while Palin pivoted the scene to the sidelines of a child 's soccer game .
" I betcha you 're going to hear some fear " about the economy , she said .
As the discussion pivoted to the policies that created the economic crisis , Biden repeatedly hit McCain 's record of supporting deregulation policies .
Given several chances to defend that record , Palin refused .
Instead , she repeated standard GOP talking points attempting to paint Barack Obama as a tax - raiser .
The two squabbled over other areas of domestic and economic policy , with Biden accusing McCain of opposing the very type of windfall profits tax Palin imposed on oil companies in Alaska .
Palin also invoked her home state to buffer her credentials to deal with climate change .
Alaska is uniquely affected by the warming planet , the governor said , although she would not allow that human activity was the main cause .
" I 'm not one to attribute every activity of man to changes in the climate , " she said .
" There are real changes going on , and I do n't want to argue about the causes . "
Biden said that position hindered Palin and McCain 's ability to do anything about the problem .
" When you do n't understand what the cause is , it 's virtually impossible to come up with a solution , " he said .
The two candidates did seem to agree when the conversation turned to gay marriage .
Both said they would not endorse full marriage rights for same - sex couples , although Palin made clear that she viewed sexual orientation as a choice , not a biological reality .
About halfway through the debate , the discussion turned to foreign policy , a particularly relevant discussion between the two candidates who both have sons serving in Iraq .
Palin accused Obama of wanting to cut funding for troops in Iraq and insisted that McCain had a " plan for withdrawal . "
Biden clarified that Obama only opposed war funding that did n't include a timeline for troop withdrawal .
McCain , on the other hand , " voted to cut off funding for the troops " when that funding carried with it the requirement that the war end , Biden charged .
Moving to the fight to keep nuclear weapons out of terrorists ' hands , Biden cited legislation Obama co-sponsored with Sen.
Richard Lugar aimed at doing just that , and he accused McCain of being on the wrong side of the issue for opposing international treaties to suspend nuclear testing and proliferation .
This video is from CNN.com , broadcast October 2 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Biden : McCain ' not a maverick '
Download video via RawReplay.com
Candidates talk about their ' Achilles Heel '
Download video via RawReplay.com
Published online 2 October 2008 | Nature | doi:10.1038/news.2008.1146
News
Bright blue eggs keep males keen on fatherhood .
Did the effort of colouring these eggs damage the health of their mother ?
PhotoStockFile / Alamy
Great artists are said to pour all their energies onto the canvas , leaving them exhausted after a flurry of creativity .
Now , researchers have found that female birds make a similar sacrifice when colouring their eggs , creating vivid hues at the expense of their health .
The blue in many birds ' eggs comes from the compound biliverdin , a breakdown product of the heme unit in haemoglobin , which circulates freely in the blood .
But biliverdin is not just a pigment , it is also an antioxidant used by the body to prevent cellular damage .
Previous research has proven that when females lay vibrant blue eggs , their partners are more likely to stick around and help rear the young1 .
So researchers speculated that because the blue comes from an antioxidant , it is a signal to males of the female 's health status .
Some scientists have argued that the female is making a dangerous trade - off , giving up resources needed to sustain her health to convince her partner that her offspring are worth looking after .
“ To the best of our knowledge , this is the first evidence that blue eggs are not free — there is a big price that the females are paying . ”
Judith Morales
University of Vigo , Spain
Determined to find out whether females were in fact sacrificing their health to lay blue eggs , Judith Morales at the University of Vigo in Spain and her colleagues monitored 100 boxes near the village of Lozoya in central Spain , where pied flycatchers ( Ficedula hypoleuca ) commonly nest .
The team tracked the progress of 48 females from when they started nesting .
Once the nests were completed , they were either removed permanently from the nesting box , or removed and then reinserted immediately — a control measure to ensure that all birds experienced some human interference .
Females that had their nests confiscated started rebuilding within two days , and were allowed to completely reconstruct their nests .
Once females had completed their nests , they began laying eggs .
The scientists measured the colour of the eggs with a portable spectrophotometer , and one week after egg - laying was completed the team took blood samples from the birds .
Stressed and blue
Morales and colleagues report in Behavioural Ecology and Sociobiology 2 that neither laying intensely blue eggs nor having to rebuild a nest triggered a noticeable decrease in plasma concentrations of the antioxidant .
But both factors combined did .
The scientists suggest that the birds somehow shift their allocation of biliverdin towards the eggs , depleting their own antioxidant defences in the process .
The effect becomes measurable in birds that are already stressed by having to rebuild their nest , something that is itself expected to decrease antioxidant levels .
" To the best of our knowledge , this is the first evidence that blue eggs are not free — there is a big price that the females are paying , " says Morales .
" This makes a good case that the blue eggs are affecting the health of the females , " says evolutionary ecologist , Martin Schaefer at the University of Freiburg in Germany .
Schaefer suggests that the next step is to quantify a direct link between low biliverdin concentrations and the birds ' chances of survival .
" Running the study again while monitoring long - term survival of the mothers and their offspring would solidify this , " Schaefer says .
Whether other bird species pay the same stiff penalty remains to be determined , but Morales suspects that those with bi-parental care and blue eggs will be in a similar situation .
PARIS  International nuclear inspectors are investigating whether a Russian scientist helped Iran conduct complex experiments on how to detonate a nuclear weapon , according to European and American officials .
As part of the investigation , inspectors at the International Atomic Energy Agency are seeking information from the scientist , who they believe acted on his own as an adviser on experiments described in a lengthy document obtained by the agency , the officials said .
The officials , who spoke on the condition of anonymity because the investigation is under way , said that the document appeared authentic , without explaining why , but they made it clear that they did not think the scientist was working on behalf of the Russian government .
Still , it is the first time that the nuclear agency has suggested that Iran may have received help from a foreign weapons scientist in developing nuclear arms .
The American and European officials said the new document , written in Farsi , was part of an accumulation of evidence that Iran had worked toward developing a nuclear weapon , despite Iran ’s claims that its atomic work over the past two decades has been aimed solely at producing electrical power .
Mukasey : Bush 's New ' Mr. Cover - up ' Even Sen. Charles Schumer , whose vote last year ensured Michael Mukasey ’s confirmation as Attorney General , was left sputtering as Mukasey returned the favor by rebuffing Schumer ’s concerns about the Bush administration ’s political prosecutions .
Bookmark
Digg Email
Printer friendly
At the end of his round of Senate Judiciary Committee questions , Schumer referred to allegations that White House political adviser Karl Rove had pressed for the selective prosecution of Alabama ’s Democratic Gov. Don Siegelman , who was viewed as a threat to Republican dominance of the South .
“ Do you think that someone in the Justice Department should ask Karl Rove whether he was involved , whether he did the things that are alleged – someone somewhere – or is there a possibility that no one should ever ask him ? ” the New York Democrat said , his voice rising .
Mukasey responded coolly that he would not endorse the questioning of Rove .
In disgust , Schumer said , “ I find these answers very disappointing . ”
But Schumer was not alone .
At the oversight hearings on July 9 , the committee ’s Democrats and the ranking Republican , Sen .
Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania , voiced varying levels of disappointment at Mukasey ’s refusal to look back at the misconduct – including criminal acts – that had occurred earlier in the Bush administration .
Indeed , Mukasey ’s evasive answers recalled the stonewalling of his predecessor , Alberto Gonzales .
Mukasey ’s vague and meandering responses made two things clear , however : George W. Bush ’s hubris about what he sees as his unlimited presidential powers continues and Mukasey will serve as Bush 's rearguard protector during his final six months in office .
In a separate confrontation with two House committees , Mukasey has promulgated a novel legal theory justifying his refusal to release FBI reports on interviews with President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney about their roles in exposing the identity of CIA officer Valerie Plame .
Even though Bush has not asserted executive privilege regarding the FBI reports , Mukasey has refused to honor subpoenas from the House committees on the grounds that to do so would threaten “ core Executive Branch confidentiality interests and fundamental separation of powers principles . ”
Mukasey ’s theory ignores a variety of precedents , including the public release of criminal - case testimony by Bush ’s three predecessors ( Bill Clinton on the Monica Lewinsky case , George H.W. Bush on the Passportgate affair and the Iran - Contra scandal , and Ronald Reagan on Iran - Contra . )
Nuremberg Defense
In his Senate testimony , Mukasey also left no doubt that the Justice Department would take no action against anyone in the administration who violated criminal statutes in the “ war on terror ” if they were following legal advice from superiors , a modern version of the so - called Nuremberg defense .
Sen . Dick Durbin , D - Illinois , urged Mukasey to “ follow what I think is the clear standard of the law within your own department and initiate those investigations ” into the Bush administration ’s abuse of detainees , including the use of “ waterboarding , ” a form of simulated drowning .
Durbin noted that retired Major General Antonio Taguba , who was in charge of the Abu Ghraib prisoner abuse probe , stated recently that “ the Commander in Chief and those under him authorized a systematic regime of torture ” and that “ there is no longer any doubt about whether the current administration committed war crimes , the only question that remains is whether those who ordered the use of torture will be held accountable . ”
Mukasey , however , responded that anyone who acted in “ good faith ” and relied on the Justice Department ’s legal advice “ cannot and should not be prosecuted . ”
The same protection should cover government lawyers who gave the advice , he said .
“ What lawyers have to do is adhere to the law and not concern themselves with what might be politically acceptable later on , and if we go after them and prosecute them , then that ’s exactly what they ’re going to be concerned with , ” Mukasey said .
Mukasey ’s point was that the lawyers were adhering to the law – and acting above politics – when they authorized torture , and that politics only entered the picture when someone thought they should be punished for breaking the law .
The Attorney General 's disdain for this subject was reflected , too , when he told the senators that he still has n’t bothered to determine whether “ waterboarding ” is torture , arguing that he does n’t need to make that judgment because the technique is no longer part of the administration ’s approved tactics for interrogating detainees .
“ I detect a very pronounced reluctance to look backwards into the problems at the Department of Justice , ” said Sen.
Sheldon Whitehouse , D - Rhode Island , citing other troubling opinions from the department ’s powerful Office of Legal Counsel that granted Bush virtually unlimited powers .
Whitehouse , who also serves on the Senate Intelligence Committee , said that in his review of still - secret legal opinions , “ I ’ve seen exaggerated and unreasonable claims of executive authority ” as well as examples of poor scholarship .
He called the OLC “ George Bush ’s little shop of legal horrors . ”
Whitehouse also suggested that Congress had only a vague idea of other secret assertions of Bush ’s powers .
The senator cited an unreleased OLC opinion that would permit the President to violate or waive existing presidential executive orders without changing them or disclosing the waiver .
This notion of secret presidential waivers raises concerns that legal protections contained in executive orders could give false comfort to Congress and American citizens , Whitehouse said .
But Mukasey endorsed Bush ’s right to do whatever he wished regarding executive orders .
No Surprise Though Schumer and other Democrats expressed annoyance at Mukasey ’s refusal to hold the Bush administration accountable , the Attorney General ’s biases should not have come as a surprise .
When he was picked in September 2007 to replace Gonzales , administration officials praised his work as a federal judge in New York where he approved the indefinite incarceration of hundreds of Muslims on phony material witness warrants after the 9/11 attacks .
He also signed off on Bush imprisoning an American citizen – and Muslim convert – Jose Padilla simply on a presidential say - so that Padilla was an “ unlawful enemy combatant . ”
Ironically , the Mukasey - approved round - up of Arab cab drivers , pizza delivery men and students came as the Bush administration was granting special permission for rich Saudis , including members of Osama bin Laden ’s family , to flee the United States after only cursory FBI questioning .
The arresting of the “ usual suspects ” – while the well - connected who actually might know something were whisked away – was perhaps the first signal of how Bush ’s “ war on terror ” would proceed , draconian actions that create the appearance of a serious crackdown when the reality was quite different .
Before his confirmation , Mukasey demonstrated where his loyalties lay when he refused to venture an opinion on whether “ waterboarding ” amounted to torture , claiming that he had not been briefed about the program .
That led most Democrats to oppose the nomination , but Schumer and Sen. Dianne Feinstein of California provided the Democratic votes needed to send Mukasey ’s nomination to the Senate floor and to confirmation .
After taking over the Justice Department , Mukasey still showed no curiosity about the administration ’s past use of torture or about the legal opinions underpinning Bush ’s theories of unlimited presidential powers .
The Attorney General insisted that his only interest was in looking to the future .
So , despite the belated fuming by Schumer and other senators at the July 9 hearing , Mukasey has long seen his role less as the nation ’s chief law enforcement officer than as the chief protector of Bush ’s crimes of state – from torture , to warrantless wiretaps of Americans , to exposing the identity of CIA officer Valerie Plame , to unleashing the Justice Department against political enemies , etc. Michael Mukasey has become the Bush administration ’s new “ Mr. Cover -up . ” Robert Parry broke many of the Iran - Contra stories in the 1980s for the Associated Press and Newsweek .
His latest book , Neck Deep : The Disastrous Presidency of George W. Bush , was written with two of his sons , Sam and Nat , and can be ordered at neckdeepbook.com .
His two previous books , Secrecy & Privilege : The Rise of the Bush Dynasty from Watergate to Iraq and Lost History : Contras , Cocaine , the Press & ' Project Truth ' are also available there .
Or go to Amazon.com .
To comment at Consortiumblog , click here .
( To make a blog comment about this or other stories , you can use your normal e-mail address and password .
Ignore the prompt for a Google account . )
To comment to us by e-mail , click here .
To donate so we can continue reporting and publishing stories like the one you just read , click here .
Back to Home Page
Florida is where circus people from all over the country go to spend the winter .
And , watching the primary results from that state come in tonight , I 'm struck that it also seems to be the place where the GOP 's famous Big Tent has finally turned into a three - ring circus in its own right .
It 's an apt metaphor .
The genius of the conservative emergence during the 1970s was in the way it reached out to three large , deeply discontented tribes , and brought them all together under Lee Atwater 's " big tent " -- which quickly turned into a red - striped big top full of the most bizarre acts anyone had ever seen .
In its 20 - year heyday , the whole dazzling circus was a blur of non -stop noise and glitter bouncing and glinting across three rings , three different shows -- and three sets of supporters each contributing something essential to the success of the Greatest Show in Politics .
In Ring Number One , there were the economic conservatives .
Mostly business owners , some from Wall Street , others from Main Street , they were all about low taxes , free markets , and liberating themselves from any kind of government oversight or regulation .
Their daring bull - and - bear act brought in the money , the media , the connections , and the organizational skill .
In Ring Number Two , there were the social conservatives -- not just evangelical and fundamentalist Christians , but also conservative Catholics and Jews ... and , oh , yes , how can we possibly forget the Mormons ?
This group -- let 's call them the klown kollege -- brought the energy and passion , giving the whole thing the spirit of a holy crusade .
They could make you laugh .
They could make you cry .
And when they opened the trunks of those tiny cars , they could turn out foot soldiers by the millions -- and voters by the tens of millions .
And in Ring Number
Three were the security and defense conservatives -- the minions of the military - industrial complex .
They were daredevils and acrobats , with big cannons and high - divers and brave flying men who worked without a rope .
They brought a certain manly swagger , a virility that dazzled the other two groups and appealed to their deep need for dominance and control .
And , through long experience in Washington , they knew more than anybody about how to defy gravity and make government do triple back flips on their command .
You 've gotta hand it to the GOP for being able to keep these three acts playing the same big tent for 30 long years .
It was n't easy to keep them all together in the same close canvas quarters without hissy fights breaking out , fur and blood flying , tusks and whips and claws shredding new exits through which one or another could flee .
Even worse : keeping this motley show on the road required that the party twist itself around into a truly preposterous assortment of logical and philosophical contortions .
Just a short list of the headliners will give you some idea :
--
Get the government off our backs ( the core demand of economic cons ) -- except , of course , to micro-legislate every detail of life , death , birth , sex , love , and marriage ( a non-negotiable for social cons ) .
-- Dismantle government and cut taxes to nothing ( the economic cons again ) versus " strong defense " ( a code phrase for : we 'll fund whatever the security / military conservatives can possibly dream up , plus some stuff they have n't even thought of yet ) .
-- Restore a culture of " personal responsibility " ( social and smaller - business economic conservatives ) versus corporate welfare and the elimination of every mechanism of oversight or accountability ( which was was the whole reason the military and large - business cons were in the game in the first place ) .
That 's a game everyone in the cheap seats can play , too ( see you in the comments -- and do n't forget the popcorn ! ) .
But , amid all the twisted logic , there were a few straight and sturdy poles that held the roof up -- things they all agreed on , and gave them the incentive to keep the act together .
For example : all three groups had their own reasons for wanting to expand the empire and establish American dominance around the world .
The economic cons wanted globalization : bigger markets and cheap labor .
The social cons wanted government backing for their holy mandate to spread the Good News to every corner of the earth .
And the military cons wanted an empire that would justify their continued bloated existence , forever and ever , amen .
In all three , this shared desire for global conquest was accompanied by a fundamental contempt for those about to be conquered -- an assurance of superiority that expressed itself an extreme level of racism , sexism , and religious bigotry that they did n't always try quite hard enough to conceal .
They were also bound together by various degrees of distrust of democracy .
Economic cons despised government constraints , regulations , and taxes .
Leave us alone , they barked in their fast - talking carney come - on patter -- and we 'll take care of everything government does , and do more of it , and do it better .
Social cons recognized democracy as a competing ideology -- the latest incarnation of every devil they 'd fought since the Enlightenment dawned .
Military cons were , ironically , some of democracy 's biggest cheerleaders -- well , except for all those lefty / Commie / peacenik / Islamofascist agitators calling their budgets into question and naively insisting that they still had civil liberties during wartime .
The only thing to do with such traitors is to lock 'em up -- and fortunately , this group held the keys to the tiger cages out back behind the tent , and the power to disappear those they deemed insufficiently respectful of their prowess .
Mostly , they were bound together by an authoritarian streak wider than than the stretched - out butt of Karl Rove 's favorite sharkskin suit -- a desperate sense of insecurity that drove their grasping hands to seek control over anything , everything , everyone , within reach , out of reach , until they ran the whole world .
Only when every nation and market is under American control , every church is Christian , every street corner has a video camera , and every citizen is safely under the surveillance of a watchful authority checking their behavior , can they , and the rest of the country , be completely safe .
Until then , those hands will keep grasping .
Because , in the end , the cause that binds them together most strongly is the promise that someday , they 'll pacify their tormented personal demons by finally , at long last , being In Total Control Of It All .
Over time , some weird alliances formed .
The corporate and military - industrial cons played a lot of golf and joined each other 's boards .
The religious cons embraced the free market as the Bible 's ordained economic order ; and they also fell in love with the military and started buying up Warrior Jesus Action Figures .
The military cons began to make it clear that getting right with God was at least as important as combat experience for anyone who hoped to be promoted .
In a few quiet corners of the Big Tent , at least , things got pretty cozy .
Still , the tensions never went entirely away -- and you have to pity the poor Republican presidential candidates who aspired to be the ringleader in charge of this three - ring circus .
You could n't make it to the White House with just one or two of these acts under the whip ; you had to get all three lined up and ready to perform at your command .
Furthermore , that thin handful of shared beliefs that held the roof up -- imperialism , racism , antipathy to democracy , militarism , and authoritarianism -- was absolutely unacceptable to the vast majority of Americans ; so you could n't put any of that rigging out there where the voters might chance to see it .
So you learned to talk in code , and to distract and dazzle with fine lies and bright lights and shadow ; and to master the fine art of " message discipline . "
The common ground a candidate could stand on was so very small : one tiny tip in one direction or another , and you 'd risk saying something stupid that would alienate one of the other two groups .
So you stuck to the short list of topics you could safely discuss in public -- low taxes , limited government , personal responsibility , and strong defense -- while tossing a few winks on the sly to the religionists and the racists .
Talking about anything else in more detail was likely to start a brawl .
Addressing any specific issues , unless you could draw a direct link to one of the few allowed talking points , was a quick way to find yourself on the curly end of the hook .
It was a hell of a juggling act , and a lot of smart candidates fell into obscurity because they simply could n't keep the action going .
A few of them simply refused to step out there and try .
In fact , in the end , only Reagan and the two Bushes could pull it all together into a show the paying customers would pony up to see .
Which brings us to 2008 .
Looking at the last men standing , it 's obvious that the GOP 's Big Top has grown dangerously shabby -- and may be on the verge of falling into total disarray .
The three remaining primary candidates have each won over exactly one of the three core constituencies , leaving the party with three separate one - ring circuses , each with its own ringleader .
And each one of the three candidates is absolutely despised by one of the other groups ; and not much liked by the other .
The economic cons have Mitt , whom the military cons do n't really know , and the religions ones openly revile .
The religious cons have Huck , whom the military has no reason to trust ; and whose overt populism gives the economic cons a bad case of the vapors .
The security cons have McCain , whom the economic cons mistrust deeply , and who wo n't even try to convince the religious cons that he 's one of their own .
Somehow , between now and August , the Republicans are going to have to choose one candidate to stand in the center ring .
The three - way split is so strong that it 's quite possible that it will only end in a very contentious brokered convention .
And the odds are good that , even then , whoever ends up with the job will have only half - hearted support at best from the other two factions .
In fact , whoever wins , it seems possible that at least one of the remaining acts will strike the set and sit this tour out entirely .
They 're already packing up .
It 's common knowledge among political strategists on both sides that the GOP is pulling back its energies to the local and state levels for this election , hoping to regroup and re-emerge in 2012 .
( Apparently , Howard Dean 's 50 - state strategy -- which has revolutionized Democratic organizing this year -- has left them under - organized at this level ; part of their job will be to develop something that can compete with it . )
But putting the act back together in four years may not be as easy as assembling national voter files , training up a new generation of candidates , and building a big new tent in the hopes that they will come .
Agendas on all three sides are changing .
New ideas and priorities are emerging .
Bad blood is being spilled .
If the split between these three factions is left to widen -- and especially if it only ends in a viciously - fought brokered convention -- it could make it very hard for anyone to put it all back together as a single coherent traveling show for a very long time .
After all , the three - ring circus itself has fallen out of fashion -- blown back into history by a stylish , young , energetic new upstart called Cirque du Soleil , which reinvented the entire art form for the first time in over a century .
And , in our fondest hopes , perhaps that 's what we 're hoping the Democrats will become : one big ring , filled with dozens of unexpected acts that explode with creativity , diversity , compassion , and imagination , constantly challenging and re-defining our ideas of what 's humanly possible .... and doing it all without a net , without a hitch , and without much in the way of a ringmaster at all .
THE remains of a Viking home have been discovered in York by archaeologists .
York Archaeological
Trust archaeologists have exposed what they believe to be a timber - lined cellar of a two - storey house , during excavations at the site of the new Hungate development , which is being built near Stonebow .
The archaeologists say the home , which was uncovered about three metres below street level , would have been built in the mid to late tenth century .
It appears that ships ’ timbers used in the building ’s construction – the first discovery of its kind in York .
Hungate excavations project director Peter Connelly said : “ To find these timbers so well preserved is very exciting .
Viking cellars were used in different ways by different people , much in the same way as cellars are used today .
Craftspeople appear to have worked out of their cellars as well as using them for storage , with the living quarters on the floor above . ”
The trust is carrying out the excavations in York over a five - year period on behalf of Hungate ( York ) Regeneration Ltd , a joint venture between Crosby Lend Lease , Evans Property Group and Land Securities , which are creating the new Hungate neighbourhood .
The scheme will provide more than 700 new homes within York ’s city walls , and will include offices , cafes , restaurants , neighbourhood shops , and community space .
The archaeologists started work on the main part of the site in spring last year and have revealed a wide range of archaeology , spanning back in time more than 1,000 years .
Their finds include traces of Viking age life such as bone ice skates , fragments of combs and a rare small glass bead .
York Archaeological
Trust chief executive John Walker said there was a “ very tight window of opportunity ” for people to go and look at the remains of the building because the timbers would be removed from the site by the end of the month .
“ The priority now is to safely remove the timbers from the ground for conservation and further analysis by our wood technology expert , ” he said .
“ The discovery of what appears to be part of a ship ’s hull in this house construction will require further study in our labs .
The timbers are positioned just below the water table , which is why they have been so well - preserved . ”
Looking forward to what we can expect from tonight ’s debate , the most telling points are situation and character .
The polls for the moment look good for Barack Obama .
And what he needs to prove in the context of the entire campaign is that he has the stature and heft to be President of the United States .
That and Obama ’s character both suggest that he ’ll try to put in a solid , reassuring performance rather than aiming for a knock - out punch or some game - changing moment .
Meanwhile , everything about John McCain ’s character and the situation he finds himself in suggests he ’ll do precisely the opposite .
Whether we call it John McCain ’s freak - outta - palooza or just some freewheeling maverickism , everything John McCain has done over recent months and especially and with a new intensity over the last week has been geared to upsetting the applecart and creating some event which trips up Obama and shifts the trajectory of the campaign .
Some of us may see it in a negative light or a positive light , but descriptively , I do n’t think many people on either side of the political aisle would disagree with that analysis .
Add to that the issue of character .
A high stakes campaign brings out the essence of an individual .
And campaigns , in almost every case , are defined by the candidate .
With these rapid - fire rash and erratic actions , I think we ’re seeing the real John McCain .
It may be filtered through and packaged by Steve Schmidt or Salter or Davis .
But fundamentally I believe this all stems from John McCain .
( To add to the miss , note this pool report filed as McCain headed for the plane to Mississippi tonight with Rudy Giuliani in tow — the “ general atmosphere is utter confusion . ”
Not conducive to going into a high stakes debate .
But very much in line with McCain ’s recent affect and behavior . )
Put those two factors together — recent behavior / strategy and fundamental character — and I think you have to expect a John McCain who is unpredictable , possibly uncontrollable and looking for any moment to launch a dramatic ambush or confrontation that will amount to his ultimate roll of the dice .
With only four weeks to go until Election Day ( November 4th if you ’ve been living under a rock ) , now seems like an excellent time to check in and see how the candidates are faring .
They ’ve each had two debates , myriad media interviews , and their vice - presidential candidates have squared off .
The American public has gotten a chance to get to know Obama and McCain throughout their nomination campaign , and this fall ’s presidential race .
After the break , we ’ll review the debates , their performances , and take a look to see how the candidates are faring .
[ social_buttons ]
Presidential Debates :
The first debate was held at the University of Mississippi and was on foreign policy and national security .
Commentators felt that :
[ Obama ] played it typically cautious and safe and thus avoided major blunders , knowing if he commits no errors for the next 30 days , he will be the next President of the United States .
McCain however :
Successfully presented a negative case against Obama with an upbeat , optimistic smile — but was unable to paint a truly damning portrait of an Obama presidency , especially on the economy .
He exhibited a few physical and verbal tics that made him look his age , including a heavy reliance on his “ my friends ” crutch
The second debate was held at Belmont University and due to its town hall format , included any issue raised by audience members .
According to a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey , Obama came out as the winner from last night ’s debate .
A majority of debate watchers polled thought Obama was more intelligent , by a 57 percent to 25 percent margin over McCain .
Debate watchers also thought Obama more clearly expressed his views by a 2 - to - 1 ratio , 60 percent to 30 percent .
Half of those polled said Obama answered questions more directly , 13 points ahead of McCain , and by a 14 - point margin , debate watchers thought Obama seemed to care more about the problems of audience members who asked questions .
McCain did come out on top in one category that neither candidate wants to win .
By a 16 - point margin , debate watchers thought the Arizona senator seemed more like a typical politician during the debate .
Finally , to add insult to injury , commentators ( and Obama ’s camp ) have jumped all over McCain ’s reference to Obama as “ that one ” .
With this debate so fresh , Red , Green and Blue has a forum for you to sound off in , so head on over once you ’ve finished reading here : Presidential Debate : John McCain vs. Barack Obama – Who Won ? [ Poll ]
Vice - Presidential Debate :
The only Veep debate was held at Washington University in St. Louis and promised fireworks .
Thanks to Palin ’s disastrous broadcast interviews the bar was set quite low for her performance .
Correspondingly , Biden was under pressure to avoid embarrassing gaffes , avoid looking sexist , and play to his foreign policy strengths .
All of which he was able to accomplish .
Accordingly :
… the governor of Alaska did well .
But Ms. Palin never really got beyond her talking points in 90 minutes , mostly repeating clichés and tired attack lines and energetically refusing to answer far too many questions .
Senator Biden did well , avoiding one of his own infamous gaffes , while showing a clear grasp of the big picture and the details .
He left Ms. Palin way behind on most issues , especially foreign policy and national security , where she just seemed lost .
So , where does all this action leave us with one month to go ?
According to a Reuters / C- SPAN / Zogby poll released Wednesday , Obama has a 2 point lead over McCain .
In other words , the race is anyone’s .
Photo Credit : john - mccain - barack - obama by Chesi – Fotos CC via Flickr ’s Media Commons
Brutal editorial from the Anchorage Daily News .
I ’ve been loving the ADN this year .
The members of the paper ’s editorial board read the Troopergate report — and , given Sarah Palin ’s response to the report , they do n’t think she really did read it herself :
Sarah Palin ’s reaction to the Legislature ’s Troopergate report is an embarrassment to Alaskans and the nation .
She claims the report “ vindicates ” her .
She said that the investigation found “ no unlawful or unethical activity on my part . ”
Her response is either astoundingly ignorant or downright Orwellian .
Page 8 , Finding Number
One of the report says : “ I find that Governor Sarah Palin abused her power by violating Alaska Statute 39.52.110 ( a ) of the Alaska Executive Branch Ethics Act . ”
In plain English , she did something “ unlawful . ”
She broke the state ethics law .
Perhaps Gov. Palin has been too busy to actually read the Troopergate report .
Perhaps she is relying on briefings from McCain campaign spinmeisters .
That ’s the charitable interpretation .
Because if she had actually read it , she could n’t claim “ vindication ” with a straight face .
US congressman Dennis Kucinich has called for an inquiry into remuneration proposals at Wall Street 's top banks , after a Guardian report revealed that six distressed institutions had drawn up pay plans , including substantial discretionary bonuses , worth more than $ 70bn for the first nine months of the year .
Kucinich , an outspoken Democratic opponent of the US taxpayer 's $ 700 bn bank bail - out , said his staff would immediately begin asking Wall Street firms set to benefit what plans they had to distribute bonuses .
" When Congress placed restrictions on excessive executive pay , it had no intention of permitting business as usual with respect to bonus structures , " he said .
" It would add insult to injury to ask taxpayers not only to bail out a firm , but to pay for bonuses as well .
The Guardian 's report necessitates an immediate inquiry . "
Banks continue to peg pay deals to net income .
One banking source said 45 - 50 % of net revenue - paid largely in salary and discretionary bonuses - remained an industry standard .
This formula does not take into account the huge losses by bank shareholders , many of them pension funds , as firms have queued up to slash the carrying value in their accounts of toxic assets , predominantly sub - prime mortgage - backed securities .
Leading the asset write - downs and losses has been Citigroup , which booked a $ 55.1 bn hit .
Merrill Lynch , rescued from collapse last month by a takeover offer from Bank of America , has booked $ 52.2 bn to date .
Morgan Stanley , JP Morgan Chase , Lehman Brothers and Goldman Sachs have respectively reported write - downs and losses related to the sub - prime market of $ 15.7bn , $ 14.3bn , $ 13.8bn and $ 4.9bn .
All six banks have as a result been forced to seek multibillion - dollar cash injections to shore up their capital cushions , further denting the holdings of loyal investors .
Despite these moves , the banks failed to end panic selling .
In a last - ditch attempt to save the system , five of them this month sought bail - out cash from the US taxpayer as part of a $ 700 bn rescue package .
The sixth , Lehman , had already collapsed .
Third - quarter earnings updates for four of the six Wall Street firms surveyed by the Guardian showed the amount earmarked for salary and bonuses was down on the previous year .
Citigroup and JP Morgan were exceptions , with nine - month staff remuneration rising by 4 % to $ 25.9bn , and 2 % to $ 6.53 bn respectively .
Citigroup 's figures include pay for many staff outside the high - risk banking disciplines .
The figure for JP Morgan , a division of JP Morgan Chase , rose in large part because of its acquisition of failed rival Bear Stearns and related severance costs .
At Goldman Sachs the nine - month pay pot was down 32 % to $ 11.4bn ; at Morgan Stanley it was down 20 % at $ 10.73bn , and Merrill Lynch 's was down 3 % at $ 11.7bn .
Days before Lehman collapsed last month , executives issued an earnings update revealing a $ 6.12 bn pay pot .
Administrators in the US allowed $ 2bn of discretionary bonuses to be distributed to staff before it was acquired by Barclays ; banking sources said a sale would have been unlikely without this .
However , accrued Lehman bonuses were held back in the disposal of certain European operations to the Japanese bank Nomura .
Many European investment banks use the bonuses of US firms as a benchmark for their remuneration policies .
HSBC 's chairman , Stephen Green , told a Dubai conference yesterday : " The market and [ banking ] industry will need to consider whether badly aligned incentives contributed to the crisis : both the market incentives which , until recently , encouraged banks to grow fast and gear up [ debt levels ] , persuading them to take on higher risk than was sustainable , and compensation structures , which have so often encouraged too much opacity and excessive risk taking . "
From the bloggers
Baylord
When will someone call these crooks to book ?
... the very people responsible for bringing down the global economy are filling their boots while hundreds of thousands of families are turfed on to the streets .
martinusher Cheeky sods , are n't they ?
I 'd tax them at source at 99 % or more .
PCsimon Some who work in banking do responsible jobs , lending to consumers and businesses , but trading is a zero - sum game .
The best way perhaps to solve this is to move our money from banks to building societies , credit unions and the like .
They do n't play silly games with other people 's money .
We should also get our pension funds to do the same .
Jiri
The bankers deserve every penny of their bonuses .
After all , they managed to attract an investment of $ 700 bn plus from the US government .
This is a bonus of less than 10 % .
So much anti-Hillary hysteria .
Intra -party rancor .
It makes me want to throw up .
( Not to mention that I do n't deal well with rancor ...
N.B .
This blog frequently and deliberately uses vile sexist language in order more clearly to demonstrate its ubiquity and unacceptability , so do n't get your panties in a twist about it , sweeties . ;)
EU powers mulling ' new international financial system ' Agence France - Presse
Published : Saturday October 4 , 2008
Print This Email This PARIS ( AFP ) 
The leaders of Europe 's four biggest economic powers were to hold crisis talks on the global financial meltdown on Saturday in Paris , despite disputes that killed off talk of a joint bailout package .
As US President George W. Bush signed off on a 700 - billion - dollar handout to Wall Street , the financial world 's eyes turned to Europe in the hope of further generous measures to free up capital and reassure jumpy markets .
But if European bankers were hoping for a similar emergency fund to underwrite institutions exposed to bad credit , they were destined to be disappointed by the leaders of Britain , France , Germany and Italy .
President Nicolas Sarkozy 's France had privately floated such an idea during the week , and the Dutch government talked in terms of more than 300 billion euros ( 416 billion dollars ) being set aside by European governments .
Germany and Britain shot this down quickly , however , and the Paris talks are now expected to concentrate on improving the coordination between European powers on financial bailouts and on reform to accountancy rules .
In fact , German Chancellor Angela Merkel and British Prime Minister Gordon Brown only confirmed they would attend Saturday 's talks after France quietly backed away from a joint fund .
Germany 's Economy Minister Michael Glos warned " very well paid " bankers that they must put their own houses in order and not hope for a government bailout .
His colleague Finance Minister Peer Steinbruck was also scathing .
" It 's already quite enough that German taxpayers have to pay for the antics of banks which set up in Dublin in order to escape German taxes , " he said , in reference to a subsidiary of a German bank that was bailed out last week .
Steinbruck 's French counterpart Christine Lagarde -- who earlier in the week had floated the idea of a bailout fund -- said Saturday that she simply hoped the summit would lead to " much more cooperation " between capitals .
Lagarde welcomed the US bailout , calling it : " Good news for the confidence and the operation of banks , financial institutions and markets . "
Before leaving London , Brown said he would call on his colleagues to release earlier than planned a previously announced 15 - billion - euro ( 21 - billion - dollar ) European fund to help provide small business loans .
France still sees the summit as an opportunity to push for more state regulation in place of the Anglo - American laissez - faire approach of recent years that many blame for allowing the crisis to develop .
Ahead of the summit , Sarkozy met with a potential ally , the French head of the International Monetary Fund , Dominique Strauss - Kahn .
" President Sarkozy wants the Europeans to be coordinated .
He wants a collective response .
He wants to avoid a lack of solidarity between Europeans .
This is the right response , " Strauss - Kahn told journalists after his meeting .
" In the eurozone we have n't yet undergone trial by fire .
This , this is a trial by fire .
Europe , and in particular the eurozone , needs to show it is capable of responding in a crisis , " he said .
Last week , when the trans - Atlantic financial storm made landfall in Europe and it became clear some banks were in trouble , Sarkozy urged the G8 powers " to establish the basis of a new international financial system . "
The four leaders were due to gather in Paris in the afternoon and hold two hours of talks at the Elysee Palace from 4:30 pm ( 1430 GMT ) , followed by a working dinner .
A press conference was planned for later in the evening .
Sarkozy , Brown , Merkel and Italy 's Prime Minister Silvio Berlusconi lead the European members of the G8 group of nations , sometimes known as the G4 .
They were to be joined by the chairman of European Commission Jose Manuel Barroso , Jean - Claude Juncker , who chairs the eurozone single - currency group and Jean - Claude Trichet , the president of the European Central Bank ( ECB ) .
This site contains an extensive glossary of terms ( electronics dictionary ) for the sound engineer .
Definitions from Absorption to Axis , from from Baffles to Byte , from Cable to Cyclic Redundancy , from dB to Dynamic Mic , from Early Reflections to Expansion , from Face to Fundamental , from Gain to Guitar Processor , from Haas Effect to Hz ( Hertz ) , from IC to Isolation Booth / Isolation Room , from Jack to Joystick , K to Kilo , from Layering to Lower Toms , from Machine Head to Mute Switch , from NAB to Nyquest Rate , from Octave to Overtones , from Pad to PZM , from Q to Quarter Track , from Rack to Run Off , from Safe to System Exclusive Bulk Dump , from Tablature to Two Way Speaker , from m to Upper Toms , from Vacuum Tube to VU Meter ( VU – Volume Unit ) , from Wah Wah to Write Protect , from XLR to XY Micing , Y - cord , Zenith and Zero dB .
You can now buy this glossary as an iBook from Apple and an eBook from Amazon Kindle :
Incoming search terms :
' Have more babies and Muslims can take over the UK ' hate fanatic says , as warning comes that ' next 9/11 will be in UK '
Muslim hate fanatics plan to take over Britain by having more babies and forcing a population explosion , it has been revealed .
The swollen Muslim population would be enough to conquer Britain from inside , they claim .
Fanatics told a meeting of young Muslims on the anniversary of the 9/11 atrocity , that it would then be easy to impose Sharia law on the population , the Sun newspaper reported .
Speaking at a meeting in London , Anjem Choudary , right - hand man of exiled preacher Omar Bakri Mohammed , said : " It may be by pure conversion that Britain will become an Islamic state .
We may never need to conquer it from the outside . "
Preachers : Ajum Choudhary ( left ) chairs the meeting with banned Muslim cleric Omar Backri 's webcast on the wall behind
He added : " We do not integrate into Christianity .
We will ensure that one day you will integrate into the Sharia Islamic law . "
His comments were made as voice of hate Bakri warned that the next 9/11 would take place in the UK .
Speaking via video link the exiled cleric said Osama bin Laden had taught the Americans a ‘ lesson ’ seven years ago , but the ‘ crusaders ’ had not learned .
Anjem Choudary : Have more babies and conquer from the inside Muslim cleric Omar Bakri Mohammed :
The next 9/11 will be in the UK
He said the next ‘ 9/11 will take place in Britain , the next 7/7 [ London bombings ] could take place locally ’ .
Bakri told a 100 - strong audience of supporters in Walthamstow , east London this week that he believed the British government was trying to assassinate him and claimed to have foiled a bomb plot .
Technical difficulties meant much of his speech was inaudible , but his appearance was greeted by cheers of ‘ faith ’ and ‘ god is great ’ at the community centre .
Bakri ’s right - hand man , Anjem Choudary , led the proceedings in person , under the auspices of a group called Association for Islamic Research .
The most incendiary speech was delivered by Saiful Islam , who lauded Bin Laden and al Qaeda for their ‘ courage ’ in retaliating against the ‘ dictatorship and oppression ’ of the West .
Horror : Al Muhajiroun warned the UK would be next for a 9/11 - magnitude attack
He said : ‘ The blame of 9/11 belongs to no one but the American government .
They are the terrorists .
' Sheikh Osama warned America numerous times , it was because of their own arrogance , because they thought they are a superpower and nobody could match them , that Sheikh Osama taught them a lesson - a lesson they still have n’t learned . ’
Mr Islam , who is linked to an organisation called Salafi Youth for Islamic Propagation , warned that unless British and American troops were withdrawn from ‘ Muslim lands ’ they would be to blame for the consequences , saying the West would ‘ never achieve security until our own [ Muslim ] lands achieve security ’ .
‘ Wake up .
Withdraw .
Listen to the warnings .
Muslims will stand side to side , not just al Qaeda .
The actions of the British and Americans have given prominence to al Qaeda .
' All of us have a part to play in stopping the violence or the next 9/11 will take place in Britain , the next 7/7 could take place locally , ’ he added .
Mr Choudary was the last speaker and was more guarded in his address to the young Muslim men that made up most of the audience .
' Lesson ' :
The wreckage of a London bus after a bomb attack on July 7 , 2005
But he criticised the Government for persecuting ‘ innocent Muslims ’ , naming Bakri , Abu Hamza , Abu Qatada and Omar Brooks along with the defendants in the airliner bomb plot trial .
He said : ‘ They [ the Government ] say they are civilised .
But they do n’t act very civilised .
They jailed Sheikh Abu Qatada in Belmarsh prison .
Is that the way you treat your guests ? ’
Mr Choudary then referred to Bakri ’s notorious aim of flying the ‘ flag of Sharia ’ over Downing Street , claiming that this would happen by 2020 as 500 people a day were converting to Islam and laughing that Muslim families in places like Whitechapel and Bethnal Green in east London were having ‘ 10 or 12 children each ’ .
He ranted against mainstream bodies like the Muslim Council of Britain , who condemned 9/11 and 7/7 , accusing them of ‘ selling their souls to the devil ’ .
The article elaborated that according to a recent AP - Yahoo News poll , " More than a third of all white Democrats and independents -- voters Obama can't win the White House without -- agreed with at least ....
A poll released over the weekend , which The Ticket mentioned briefly Sunday , gained much attention because it took a preemptive crack at probing this question .
And here 's the opening clause in the Associated Press story by Ron Fournier and Trevor Tompson : " Deep - seated racial misgivings could cost Barack Obama the White House if the election is close ... . "
When political scientists hash over the 2008 presidential election in the years to come , they will return -- time and again -- to race .
Regardless of who wins , the results will be sifted , analyzed and sized up from every possible angle for evidence of the role racial attitudes did ( or did not ) play in the outcome .
... one negative adjective about blacks ... and they are significantly less likely to vote for Obama than those who do n't have such views . "
The adjectives included " violent , " " complaining , " " lazy " and " irresponsible . "
" Statistical models derived from the poll suggest that Obama 's support would be as much as 6 percentage points higher if there were no white racial prejudice , " Fournier and Tompson write .
The survey also found that Obama should benefit from almost unanimous support from black voters .
The entire poll can be viewed here ; the racially themed questions and findings are toward the end of the file .
A separate AP story explained the poll 's distinctive methodology .
For one , it was conducted online ; studies have shown that people are more likely to report unpopular opinions when answering questions on a computer .
Obama addressed the poll 's findings in an interview with John Harwood of CNBC and the New York Times .
" Look , if you 're asking me are there some people who might not vote for me because of my race ?
Of course .
Are there some who might vote for me because of my race ?
You bet , " he said .
But he dismissed the notion that race would be a major factor in the election 's outcome .
" I think ultimately , though , the question 's going to be decided by a guy or a woman who is working hard every day trying to save enough to send their kid to college , trying to pay the bills . "
-- Kate Linthicum
Photo : AFP / Getty Images
John McCain ’s campaign is pretty much one big assault on Obama these days .
But , there is one other message he ’s trying to get through : I ’m not George Bush , which comes across more like “ Stop calling me George Bush , you bastards . ”
The Bush / McCain association is the one association that really seems to matter to voters in this election .
Today ’s Washington
Post takes a look at the McCain campaign ’s desperate strategy to create distance :
Battling George W. Bush for the GOP presidential nomination in 2000 , John McCain lashed out at the Texas governor , denouncing his proposed tax cuts as a giveaway to the rich .
Eight years later , this time running as the Republican presidential nominee , the senator from Arizona is again criticizing Bush and his financial policies , as he renews his efforts to demonstrate that he would represent a departure from the current administration .
At virtually every campaign stop , McCain is reprising a line he used last Wednesday in his final debate with Sen. Barack Obama : “ I am not George Bush . ”
And in a television ad introduced last week , McCain looks into the camera and says , “ The last eight years have n’t worked very well , have they ? ”
We ’re getting that McCain ad in the D.C. market .
I laughed the first time I saw McCain say the past eight years have n’t worked well — like none of it was his fault .
( You can see the McCain ad here . )
John McCain ’s criticism of Bush rings hollow for many reasons .
The first two paragraphs of the Post article debunk McCain ’s attempt at distance .
McCain adopted those same Bush ’s tax cuts , which he criticized in 2000 , as the centerpiece of his economic plan for the country .
McCain ca n’t say he ’s not George Bush when he ’s made Bush ’s agenda his agenda .
People see it :
But with the Republican president ’s approval ratings languishing , the perceived connection with him is a significant drag on the party ’s nominee .
Nearly half of all voters in a new Washington Post - ABC News poll said McCain would mainly carry on Bush ’s policies , and among those who would consider a McCain presidency as a continuation of the current administration , 90 percent support Obama .
And the prized independent voters who link McCain and Bush also overwhelmingly tilt toward the Democrat .
Over the past eight years , McCain has done almost he could to push the Bush agenda .
This attempt at a separation is a craven political ploy — and is why this is probably one of the best ads from the Obama campaign :
[ youtube=http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PluoMotgl2w]
On September 8th , 1966 , the world was transported for the first time to the 23rd century and the final frontier .
On TV screens across America , " The Man Trap " introduced Star Trek and ushered in a franchise that endures to this day .
Some fans recall the day , but for many more , they were too young or not even yet born to experience that moment in TV history .
" The first adult space adventure "
Although science fiction was not new , it was new to do an hour long sci - fi space drama in the evening .
Star Trek was taking space adventure to the adults and treating it seriously .
Here are some promos and interviews done before Star Trek aired .
Series Premiere promo [ note : date for promo is Sept. 15th ]
" Man Trap promo "
Interviews with Shatner and Nimoy
Things change …
Much has changed in the last 42 years , politically , culturally , technologically , and more .
It is a testament to the the timelessness of the characters and the stories , combined with the foresightedness of Gene Roddenberry and his writers to create a show that still resonates to this day .
But to give you a sense of the tim in which Star Trek was born , here are some other examples of what that era was like .
Cars were bigger
Toys were cooler ( and more dangerous )
Man was just taking his first steps into space
( Gemini 11 launched September 12th , 1966 )
Men and women had their own colleges ( and the men wore ties all the time )
The Beatles were ‘ bigger than Jesus ’
( US tour ended August 29th , 1966 )
Some things stay the same …
Star
Trek is n’t the only thing that has endured all these years .
This year the two biggest movies were Iron Man and The Dark Knight , ( featuring Michael Caine in a supporting role ) , all of which can be linked back to 1966 .
Iron Man cartoon from 1966
Trailer for " Alfie " starring Michael Caine
( top film at the box office in the Fall of 66 )
Live-action Batman TV series premired in 1966 ,
spawning a feature film in the summer of 66
Relive the beginning
NBC decided to start off with " The Man Trap " instead of the pilot " Where No Man Has Gone Before , " because they felt the monster sci - fi story was a stronger opener .
WNMHGB ended up airing third after " Charlie X . "
Next summer Star Trek is back with a feature film , and the ‘ origin story ’ that we never saw , but today you can relive what it was like seeing Trek for the first time by watching " The Man Trap . "
[ click to watch at CBS.com in SD or remastered in HD ]
Happy Birthday Star Trek , live long and prosper !
TEXTile , 2006
In collaboration with The Fabric Workshop and Museum , Philadelphia
22,528 recycled computer keycaps and 192 custom keycaps , fabric , customized active keyboard and interactive software , video projection and painted aluminum armatures
2.6 ft h x 4 ft w x 20.4 ft d
Permanent Collection of Fabric Workshop and Museum , Philadelphia , PA
In this interactive sculpture , thousands of recycled keyboard keys are embedded into a continuous textile .
The keys spell out a line - by - line transcript of the email correspondence between the artist and fabricators regarding the creation of the artwork .
As a result , the sculpture documents its own making .
Viewers can also type their own messages on the active keys amid the first three rows of emails .
These new messages are then projected onto the opposite end of the fabric , thereby continuing the virtual dialogue .
The project speaks to the pervasiveness of email in our lives while commenting on the fact that , despite the modern technology of virtual communication , our written language is linked to the tactile sensation of moving our fingers over an outmoded typewriter system .
( CNN ) -- Democrats accused fellow lawmaker Sen. Joe Lieberman of misleading the Republican National Convention when he addressed them in a speech Tuesday night .
Joe Lieberman felt the brunt of Democratic attacks after he said Barack Obama did n't reach across party lines .
A senior Barack Obama campaign adviser said Lieberman flat - out lied when he told delegates that Obama never successfully reached across party lines .
" Joe Lieberman ought to be ashamed of himself for some of the things he said tonight , not as a Democrat but as an American , " adviser Robert Gibbs said on " Larry King Live . "
Lieberman , an independent senator from Connecticut who was the Democratic vice presidential candidate alongside Al Gore in 2000 , has thrown his support behind John McCain , a longtime friend .
Lieberman urged Democratic and independent voters to make a change and vote for a McCain because , he said , he would do whatever it took to help the American public .
iReport.com : Do you agree with Lieberman ?
Lieberman attacked Obama 's rhetoric , saying " eloquence is no substitute for a record . "
" In the Senate , [ Obama ] has not reached across party lines to get anything significant done , nor has he been willing to take on powerful interest groups in the Democratic Party , " Lieberman said in his speech .
Watch Lieberman 's speech »
Gibbs stressed that it was a " flat - out lie " that Obama has n't reached across party lines during his time in public office .
Gibbs cited Obama 's work with Sen. Richard Lugar , R - Indiana , to keep nuclear weapons out of the hands of terrorists and with Sen .
Tom Coburn , R - Oklahoma , on the government budget .
Gibbs blamed what he called lies like those perpetrated in Lieberman 's speech for disillusioning voters and making them cynical of the government .
" I think [ Lieberman ] owes it to the American people to look into the camera and tell them the truth , " Gibbs said .
Watch New Mexico Gov. Bill Richardson's take on Lieberman 's speech
Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid spokesman Jim Manley said Reid too was unhappy with the tone of Lieberman 's speech .
" As the American people have made very clear , the last thing this country needs is another four years of the same old failed Bush - McCain policies of the past , " Manley said .
Obama campaign spokesman Tommy Vietor said in a statement that the convention speeches also showed how out of touch the McCain campaign and Republicans are with the American people , neglecting to talk about one of the country 's biggest problems : the economy .
" At a time when millions of Americans are struggling like never before to pay their mortgage , their medical bills and their gas bills , tonight 's speakers at John McCain 's Republican convention proved how out of touch their candidate is by saying not one word about his plans to put our economy back on track and provide real relief to middle - class families , " Vietor said .
" Apparently , John McCain 's belief that we 've made ' great progress ' economically over the last eight years means he does n't have to offer any plans at all to fix our ailing economy . "
The Obama campaign also used a short speech delivered by President Bush via satellite to once again tie McCain to the unpopular president , as it has attempted to do throughout this election season .
" Tonight , George Bush enthusiastically passed the torch to the man who 's earned it by voting with him 90 percent of the time and who will continue this president 's legacy for the next four years : his disastrous economic policies , his foreign policy that has n't made us safer and his misguided war in Iraq that 's costing us $ 10 billion a month , " Obama campaign manager David Plouffe said .
" The man George Bush needs may be John McCain , but the change America needs is Barack Obama . "
All About John McCain • Barack Obama • Joseph Lieberman • Republican Party • Democratic Party
DELAFEE , THE ART OF GOLD .
Gold Gifts & Gold Leaf Supplies
Inspired by the ancestral traditions of gilding as well as by the newer creations of contemporary artists and designers , we offer here a wide range of services , products and creations for all professional and private gold aficionados .
We offer gold leaf and gold powder in various alloys as well as gilding materials .
Our own unique creations combine the spirit of elegance and artistry in different domains such as gastronomy , interior design , fashion and beauty .
Discover the work of artists and designers who use our gold leaf in our online gallery of partners ’ artists and designers .
We also offer personalized creations by request for private individuals or customized corporate gifts for companies .
We collaborate with global luxury brands to develop innovative uses of gold .
Feel free to contact us : tel. +41 ( 32 ) 724 4860 or contact@delafee.com
Nintendo showed up at AARP ’s annual Life@50 +
Expo event at Washington , D.C. this past weekend , bringing along “ senior - and baby boomer - friendly ” games such as Wii Sports , Brain Age 2 : More Training in Minutes A Day , and the brand new Mystery Case Files : MillionHeir for the Nintendo DS .
That ’s right , granny got to try out Nintendo ’s latest DS game before you did !
You can see some of Nintendo ’s photos of the event after the break .
Rockstar Games has officially pushed back the release of Grand Theft Auto IV for the PC , settling on a two - week delay and a new December 2nd release date .
The date confirms what was reflected at retailer listings updated earlier this week .
According to IGN , the official minimum and recommended PC system requirements have also been revealed .
The recommended requirements closely match what was posted on the official Games For Windows site — then pulled — last month .
The full specs are after this .
Minimum System Requirements * OS : Windows Vista - Service Pack 1 / XP - Service Pack 3 * Processor : Intel Core 2 Duo 1.8 Ghz , AMD Athlon X2 64 2.4 Ghz * Memory : 1.5GB , 16GB Free Hard Drive Space * Video Card : 256MB NVIDIA 7900 / 256MB ATI X1900 Recommended System Requirements * OS : Windows Vista - Service Pack 1 / XP - Service Pack 3 * Processor : Intel Core 2 Quad 2.4 Ghz , AMD Phenom X3 2.1 Ghz * Memory : 2 GB ( Windows XP ) 2.5 GB ( Windows Vista ) * 18 GB Free Hard Drive Space * Video Card : 512MB NVIDIA 8600 / 512MB ATI 3870
Advertisement
GTA IV PC Delayed to December [ IGN ]
By becoming a Quibblo member you are agreeing to the terms and conditions and privacy policy
Quant Break 2 has been announced for release for not only the Xbox consoles but also for the PlayStation 4 .
This comes as a surprise since the previous iteration of Quantum Break has been released , as far as consoles go , only for the Xbox .
Fans are clamoring for a sequel since the last one has left a bit of a cliff - hanger at the ending of the game and the studio behind the it , Remedy , have announced they will be working on their new project for more than just one platform .
Besides this , there are talks for an overhaul of the original so that it will be included for the PlayStation consoles .
Previously codenamed as P7 , Remedy has revealed this secret project in their financial report for their 2016 fiscal year .
Their strategy was to release the game on more platforms and as such , they have been developing their new Northlight technology for the PlayStation 4 consoles .
Northlight is the company ’s engine used in Quantum Break .
One of Remedy Entertainment ’s spokespersons has declared after the success of the original Quantum Break that they are extremely proud of what they have achieved and they are thanking the fans for making the game a complete success .
They also extended thanks to their partner , Microsoft , for helping them create such a unique game .
For those who might not remember , Quantum Break is a third person , SCI - FI , action - adventure shooter and focuses on the actions of Jack Joyce .
Jack is an individual who was granted the power to manipulate time after having experienced a failure with a time - machine experiment .
This coupled with a personal conflict between him and his friend Paul Serene over how to handle the ‘’ End of Time ’ ’ .
Unique to this game is the fact that it has an integrated television show , with real - life actors of the CGI characters you play and interact with .
Introduction
The default_value_for plugin allows one to define default values for ActiveRecord models in a declarative manner .
For example :
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base default_value_for : name , " ( no name ) " default_value_for : last_seen do Time.now end end u = User.new u.name # => " ( no name ) " u.last_seen # => Mon Sep 22 17:28:38 +0200 2008
We at Phusion use it for generating UUIDs for models .
Note : critics might be interested in the “ When ( not ) to use default_value_for ? ” section .
Please read on .
Installation
Install with :
./script/plugin install git://github.com/FooBarWidget/default_value_for.git
See also the AgileWebDevelopment Plugins entry .
If you like this plugin , then please consider donating and / or recommending us :
The default_value_for method
The default_value_for method is available in all ActiveRecord model classes .
The first argument is the name of the attribute for which a default value should be set .
This may either be a Symbol or a String .
The default value itself may either be passed as the second argument :
default_value_for :age , 20
… or it may be passed as the return value of a block :
default_value_for :age do if today_is_sunday ?
20 else 30 end end
If you pass a value argument , then the default value is static and never changes .
However , if you pass a block , then the default value is retrieved by calling the block .
This block is called not once , but every time a new record is instantiated and default values need to be filled in .
The latter form is especially useful if your model has a UUID column .
One can generate a new , random UUID for every newly instantiated record :
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base default_value_for :uuid do UuidGenerator.new.generate_uuid end end User.new.uuid # => " 51d6d6846f1d1b5c9a .... "
User.new.uuid # => " ede292289e3484cb88 .... "
Note that record is passed to the block as an argument , in case you need it for whatever reason :
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base default_value_for : uuid do |x| x # <--- a User object UuidGenerator.new.generate_uuid end end
Rules
Instantiation of new record
Upon instantiating a new record , the declared default values are filled into the record .
You ’ve already seen this in the above examples .
Retrieval of existing record
Upon retrieving an existing record , the declared default values are not filled into the record .
Consider the example with the UUID :
user = User.create user.uuid # => " 529c91b8bbd3e ... " user = User.find(user.id )
# UUID remains unchanged because it 's retrieved from the database !
user.uuid # => " 529c91b8bbd3e ... "
Mass - assignment
If a certain attribute is being assigned via the model constructor ’s mass - assignment argument , that the default value for that attribute will not be filled in :
user = User.new ( : uuid => " hello " ) user.uuid # => " hello "
However , if that attribute is protected by attr_protected or attr_accessible , then it will be filled in :
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base default_value_for : name , ' Joe ' attr_protected : name end user = User.new ( : name => " Jane " ) user.name # => " Joe "
Inheritance
Inheritance works as expected .
All default values are inherited by the child
class :
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base default_value_for :name , ' Joe ' end class SuperUser < User end SuperUser.new.name # => " Joe "
Attributes that are n’t database columns
default_value_for also works with attributes that are n’t database columns .
It works with anything for which there ’s an assignment method :
# Suppose that your ' users ' table only has a ' name ' column .
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base default_value_for : name , ' Joe ' default_value_for : age , 20 default_value_for : registering , true attr_accessor : age def registering =( value ) @registering = true end end user = User.new user.age # => 20 user.instance_variable_get('@registering ') # => true
Caveats
A conflict can occur if your model class overrides the ‘ initialize ’ method , because this plugin overrides ‘ initialize ’ as well to do its job .
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base def initialize # <-- this constructor causes problems super ( : name => ' Name can not be changed in constructor ' ) end end
We recommend you to alias chain your initialize method in models where you use default_value_for :
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base default_value_for :age , 20 def initialize_with_my_app initialize_without_my_app(: name =>
' Name can not be changed in constructor ' ) end alias_method_chain :initialize , : my_app end
Also , stick with the following rules :
There is no need to alias_method_chain your initialize method in models that do n’t use default_value_for .
your initialize method in models that do n’t use .
Make sure that alias_method_chain is called after the last default_value_for occurance .
When ( not ) to use default_value_for ?
You can also specify default values in the database schema .
For example , you can specify a default value in a migration as follows :
create_table :users do |t| t.string : username , : null => false , : default => ' default username ' t.integer :age , :null => false , : default => 20 t.timestamp : last_seen , :null => false , : default => Time.now end
This has the same effect as passing the default value as the second argument to default_value_for :
user = User.new user.username # => ' default username ' user.age # => 20 user.timestamp # => Mon Sep 22 18:31:47 +0200 2008
It ’s recommended that you use this over default_value_for whenever possible .
However , it ’s not possible to specify a schema default for serialized columns .
With default_value_for , you can :
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base serialize : color default_value_for : color , [ 255 , 0 , 0 ] end
And if schema defaults do n’t provide the flexibility that you need , then default_value_for is the perfect choice .
For example , with default_value_for you could specify a per-environment default :
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base if RAILS_ENV == " development " default_value_for :is_admin , true end end
Or , as you ’ve seen in an earlier example , you can use default_value_for to generate a default random UUID :
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base default_value_for :uuid do UuidGenerator.new.generate_uuid end end
Or you could use it to generate a timestamp that ’s relative to the time at which the record is instantiated :
class User < ActiveRecord :: Base default_value_for :account_expires_at do 3.years.from_now end end User.new.account_expires_at # => Mon Sep 22 18:43:42 +0200 2008 sleep (2 ) User.new.account_expires_at # => Mon Sep 22 18:43:44 +0200 2008
Finally , it ’s also possible to specify a default via an association :
# Has columns : ' name ' and ' default_price ' class SuperMarket < ActiveRecord :: Base has_many : products end #
Has columns : ' name ' and ' price ' class Product < ActiveRecord :: Base belongs_to : super_market default_value_for : price do |product| product.super_market.default_price end end super_market = SuperMarket.create ( : name => ' Albert Zwijn ' , : default_price => 100 ) soap = super_market.products.create( : name => ' Soap ' ) soap.price # => 100
What about before_validate / before_save ?
True , before_validate and before_save does what we want if we ’re only interested in filling in a default before saving .
However , if one wants to be able to access the default value even before saving , then be prepared to write a lot of code .
Suppose that we want to be able to access a new record ’s UUID , even before it ’s saved .
We could end up with the following code :
# In the controller def create @user = User.new ( params [ :user ] ) @user.generate_uuid email_report_to_admin(" #{@user.username } with UUID #{@user.uuid } created . " ) @user.save !
end # Model class User < ActiveRecord :: Base before_save :generate_uuid_if_necessary def generate_uuid self.uuid = ... end private def generate_uuid_if_necessary if uuid. blank ?
generate_uuid end end end
The need to manually call generate_uuid here is ugly , and one can easily forget to do that .
Can we do better ?
Let ’s see :
# Controller def create @user = User.new ( params [ :user ] ) email_report_to_admin(" #{@user.username } with UUID #{@user.uuid } created . " ) @user.save !
end # Model class User < ActiveRecord :: Base before_save : generate_uuid_if_necessary def uuid value = read_attribute ( ' uuid ' ) if ! value value = generate_uuid write_attribute ( ' uuid ' , value ) end value end #
We need to override this too , otherwise User.new.attributes wo n't return # a default UUID value .
I 've never tested with User.create ( ) so maybe we # need to override even more things .
def attributes uuid super end private def generate_uuid_if_necessary uuid # Reader method automatically generates UUID if it does n't exist end end
That ’s an awful lot of code .
Using default_value_for is easier , do n’t you think ?
What about other plugins ?
I ’ve only been able to find 2 similar plugins :
Default Value appears to be unmaintained ; its SVN link is broken .
This leaves only ActiveRecord Defaults .
However , it is semantically dubious , which leaves it wide open for corner cases .
For example , it is not clearly specified what ActiveRecord Defaults will do when attributes are protected by attr_protected or attr_accessible .
It is also not clearly specified what one is supposed to do if one needs a custom initialize method in the model .
I ’ve taken my time to thoroughly document default_value_for ’s behavior .
Credits
I ’ve wanted such functionality for a while now and it baffled me that ActiveRecord does n’t provide a clean way for me to specify default values .
After reading http://groups.google.com/group/rubyonrails-core/browse_thread/thread/b509a2fe2b62ac5/3e8243fa1954a935, it became clear that someone needs to write a plugin .
This is the result .
Thanks to Pratik Naik for providing the initial code snippet on which this plugin is based on : http://m.onkey.org/2007/7/24/how-to-set-default-values-in-your-model
If you like this plugin , then please consider donating and / or recommending us :
Maybe you did n't sleep so well last night , with an unruly spring poking you in the back and your clock ticking thunderously .
Perhaps the massive burrito you ate for lunch is now singing the refrain to " Cielito Lindo " over and over as you lapse into an afternoon food coma .
Or your boss " suggests " that you stay late to finish the maddeningly boring last bits of the big project .
You need a boost to jolt yourself out of your lethargy and amplify your productivity .
Well , you can overclock a PC for better performance , so why not overclock yourself ?
Is there a simple way to speed up your metabolic rpm , accelerate your mental gigahertz , or increase your intellectual bandwidth ?
And can you achieve the performance upgrade without shorting out your power supply or overheating and fusing your CPU , thereby transforming yourself into a featherless bipedal doorstop .
In the interest of semiscientific inquiry -- and because I 'll eat just about anything to put food on the table ( wait a minute ... ) -- I took a look at a host of performance enhancers from the mainstream to the exotic to the just plain wacky .
My mission : to see which ones provided a boost without inducing psychosis .
For each product , I ingested a standard serving in the morning , in lieu of coffee .
Enduring the resulting jitters , shakes , nausea , hallucinations , palpitations , and heebie - jeebies , I sweated out the bad stuff to bring you the good stuff .
Though the efficacy of all of these supplements remains largely a matter of conjecture , energy drinks are at the center of a growing controversy over the unknown effects that large quantities of herbal energy boosters can have on the human body .
I can't stop you from trying any of these products , but I urge you to exercise caution if you 're inclined to experiment -- and not to experiment at all if you are under 18 , are pregnant ( or trying ) , or have any health problems .
With that caveat out of the way , here 's the straight dope on so - called smart foods .
And remember : I 'm not a real doctor .
Drinking It All In
The most accessible over - the - counter power - up -- and perhaps the most controversial -- is the energy drink .
If you 're looking for a quick jump - start , just crack open one of these stimulant - rich solutions .
Packed with potent pep in the form of sugar , caffeine , and guarana , plus vitamin C and B vitamins , energy drinks can deliver an undeniable boost .
But are they safe ?
Few topics in the nutrition world are more hotly contested .
Cynthia Sass , a registered dietitian who holds a masters degree in public health , says that it all depends .
" Caffeine is generally considered safe , but when multiple stimulants are combined , even healthy , young , fit people can experience side effects including spikes in blood pressure and heart rate , " says Sass .
And energy drinks do pile on the stims .
Guarana includes its own hidden dose of caffeine but is listed separately from regular caffeine ; ginseng is another natural stimulant .
In addition , the gargantuan cans that energy drinks are sold in usually contain two full servings ( and sometimes more ) , so it 's easy to exceed a dosage that 's comfortable or safe for you .
Of course , the drinks themselves vary widely in flavor and efficacy .
As you wander the minimart before your second shift , you encounter a visual cacophony of mysterious concoctions that evidently target very precise subgroups of the sleepyhead demographic , ranging from NASCAR moms to death - metal tweens .
Which one should you consume to replenish your essences ?
I grabbed several of the most popular drinks ( sans the ubiquitous Red Bull ; I figure that if you 're interested in it , you 've already tried it ) to test the effects -- good or bad -- on my own physiology .
( Confused about the vaguely medicinal - sounding herbal additives -- such as taurine , guarana , and L - carnitine -- that crop up in the lists of ingredients ?
Jump to the " Field Guide to Energy Additives " for a primer on these ingredients . )
Nos High Performance Energy Drink
Taste : 8
Energy : 2
With its low carbonation ( typical of energizer drinks ) ,
Nos resembles a peach Orangina , making it pretty pleasurable to drink .
When cold , it verges on refreshment .
It comes fortified with caffeine , ginseng , taurine , and both vitamin C and the B group of vitamins .
But in my test , its energy boost seemed rough and short - lived .
It certainly increased my energy and awareness , but those effects were attended by a shakiness that was better suited for staccato tapping on a tabletop than typing an e-mail .
In short , it was a jaggy rush followed , inevitably , by a case of the yawns .
Citigroup Inc.'s takeover of Wachovia Corp. was torpedoed on Friday when San Francisco - based Wells Fargo & Co. agreed to pay $ 15.4 billion to buy Wachovia .
Wells Fargo 's offer upended the government 's hastily arranged effort last weekend to match New York - based Citigroup with Wachovia of Charlotte , N.C. -- a federal effort to prevent the bank from joining the growing ranks of failed financial institutions .
Wells ...
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. suicide rates appear to be on the rise , driven mostly by middle - aged white women , researchers reported on Tuesday .
A woman holds her head in an undated photo .
REUTERS / File
They found a disturbing increase in suicides between 1999 and 2005 and said the pattern had changed in an unmistakable way -- although the reasons behind the change are not clear .
The overall suicide rate rose 0.7 percent during this time , but the rate for white men aged 40 to 64 rose 2.7 percent and for middle - aged women 3.9 percent , the team at Johns Hopkins University in Baltimore found .
“ The biggest increase that we have seen between 1999 and 2005 was the increase in poisoning suicide in women -- that went up by 57 percent , ” said Susan Baker , a professor in injury prevention with a special expertise in suicide .
Writing in the American Journal of Preventive Medicine , Baker , Guoqing Hu and colleagues said they analyzed publicly available death certificate data from the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .
“ The results underscore a change in the epidemiology of suicide , with middle - aged whites emerging as a new high - risk group , ” Baker said in a statement .
“ Historically , suicide - prevention programs have focused on groups considered to be at highest risk -- teens and young adults of both genders as well as elderly white men .
This research tells us we need to refocus our resources to develop prevention programs for men and women in their middle years . ”
Suicide is the 11th leading cause of death in the United States and Baker said the changes are substantial .
“ Definitely these are not just little blips , ” she said in a telephone interview .
“ We are looking at a big population change . ”
She hopes other researchers will study the reasons behind the shifts .
“ I certainly think we need research to look at the information that we have on people who have committed suicide , ” she said .
“ Are these people living alone , with no major responsibility or others to take care of , or are they people overwhelmed with all of the jobs and responsibilities they have ?
We need to find out more about the conditions under which these people are living . ”
The middle - aged women and men used various methods to kill themselves -- poisons , prescription drugs , hanging or suffocation , and firearms , Baker said .
While firearms remain the most common method , the rate of gun suicides decreased while suicide by hanging or suffocation increased by 6.3 percent among men , and 2.3 percent among women .
In September researchers confirmed an 18 percent spike in youth suicides in the United States in 2004 persisted into 2005 after more than a decade of decreases .
And international research published in January found that the young , single , female , poorly educated and mentally ill are all at higher risk of suicide .
According to the World Health Organization , suicide rates have increased by 60 percent in the last 45 years .
Depression is the leading cause of suicide .
This domain has expired .
Is this your domain ?
Renew Now !
Palin strikes again :
" Oil and coal ?
Of course , it ’s a fungible commodity and they do n’t flag , you know , the molecules , where it ’s going and where it ’s not .
But in the sense of the Congress today , they know that there are very , very hungry domestic markets that need that oil first , ” Palin said .
“ So , I believe that what Congress is going to do , also , is not to allow the export bans to such a degree that it ’s Americans that get stuck to holding the bag without the energy source that is produced here , pumped here .
It ’s got to flow into our domestic markets first , " - Sarah Palin , Energy Expert and University of Idaho graduate in sports journalism .
The Heavy 's second unlockable , Natascha , slows enemies with her bullets .
Anyone damaged by her will move slower for an instant , encouraging them to find cover or turn and face the Heavy , mano - a - tiny - itty - bitty - mano .
Unfortunately , Natascha is slightly weaker than Sasha , so she takes longer to finish off a victim .
As a result , Natascha 's great against fleeing cowards , such as Scouts & Medics , and less great against anyone actively trying to kill her master .
Heavies that like to jump around corners and surprise groups of startled enemy crybabies will also find her very useful , although they should look for a Sasha - wielding enemy Heavy before they leap .
The 83 - year - old has been told to lay off some of his staff at his Los Angeles and New York offices as soon as this month or go bankrupt .
Crowds in Wisconsin and Pennsylvania have repeatedly booed Mr. Obama and yelled “ off with his head , ” and at a rally in Florida where Ms. Palin appeared without Mr. McCain , The Washington Post reported that a man yelled out “ kill him . ”
At the same rally , a racial insult was hurled at an African - American television cameraman .
Representative Elijah E. Cummings , a Maryland Democrat , said Friday in an interview that he was surprised that neither Mr. McCain nor Ms. Palin had reacted , either by chastising audience members or discussing the events later .
“ It concerns me greatly when people come to the point where they take a political race , a race for president , and holler out words like ‘ kill him , ’ ” he said .
“ I just think our country is so much better than that . ”
At the same time , Mr. McCain ’s advisers sought to minimize the impact of those images of angry voters that have repeatedly been broadcast on television in the last two days .
“ I do n’t think it ’s that big a deal , ” Rick Davis , Mr. McCain ’s campaign manager , told reporters in a conference call on Friday .
“ I think political rallies have always attracted people who have an emotional connection to the outcome of an election . ”
Nicolle Wallace , one of Mr. McCain ’s senior aides , tried to turn the tables on Mr. Obama on Friday and accuse him of denigrating the people who go to Mr. McCain and Ms. Palin ’s rallies .
“ Broadsides against our supporters are insulting , ” she said .
“ He attacks the same people he once called bitter . ”
Within the campaign , there is a difference of opinion on the attacks , and some of Mr. McCain ’s closest advisers have felt he should also criticize Mr. Obama for his ties to his former pastor , the Rev. Jeremiah A. Wright Jr. But they say Mr. McCain believes that if he does so , he will be accused of racism .
“ I personally believe that Jeremiah Wright is a legitimate issue to bring up , ” one of Mr. McCain ’s top advisers said .
“ But the candidate is refusing to do that out of an abundance of caution . ”
The lid on the mysterious Lamborghini teaser images has cracked open a bit wider today , and what we see inside is the Lamborghini Urus , a four - door , front - engined , super saloon to compete against the Porsche Panamera and the Aston Martin Rapide .
The engine is unknown at this point , but sources say it lies behind the front wheels and turns an all - wheel - drive system .
But for us , the big story is the name " Urus , " a Latin word with Germanic origins used to describe a very large type of cattle prevalent in Europe until their extinction in 1627 .
So basically — it 's German for " big cow . "
How fitting of a name is that for a big cow of a four - door car from the now - German - by - ownership Lamborghini ?
We 'll be there live at the Paris Motor Show to see it revealed , assuming dirty leakers do n't break the embargo ahead of time .
[ Automotive News ( sub. req. ) , WorldCarFans ]
Advertisement
The GOP assault on American voters has hit full stride as the economy and John McCain tank in synch .
With just over three weeks until election day , the Republicans have mounted an all - out attack against newly registered voters and the organizations working to sign them up .
As many as 75 % of these new voters are expected to vote Democratic , but the attacks have also spread to long - established voters as well .
Recent calculations show more than a million more newly registered Democrats in Ohio than Republicans .
The usual drumbeat claiming massive voter fraud has become ceaseless at Fox " News " and other right wing media mouthpieces .
As expected , the assault centers in Ohio , which once again could decide the presidency , but has manifested throughout the nation : 1 ) A Republican sheriff in Greene County , Ohio , has demanded social security and other records from 302 local voters whose ballots he apparently wants to negate .
Sheriff Gene Fischer has requested registration cards and address forms for all Greene County residents who voted in a special session established in Ohio allowing new voters to register and vote on the same day .
The process was challenged in court by the GOP .
The Ohio Supreme Court turned down that challenge , and allowed the same - day voting to proceed .
But now Fischer claims telephone calls complaining about the potential for voter fraud have prompted him to go after the information .
In Franklin County , home of Ohio State University , Columbus State Community College , Capital University , Ohio Dominican University , and Otterbein College , election protection observers are reporting continuing surveillance by Republicans at Veterans Memorial , the site for early voting .
The observers have documented Republican operatives taking photographs and writing down license plate numbers of voters .
Election activists expect similar criminal charges as in Greene County to be filed in the state 's capital .
Greene County is home to Wright State , Central State , Wilberforce and Cedarville Universities , along with Antioch College , which was recently put out of business by a right - wing putsch on its board of directors .
Llyn McCoy , Greene County 's deputy elections director , says names , telephone and Social Security numbers will be blacked out of any records handed over to the Sheriff .
According to McCoy , the Sheriff says he has no evidence of voter fraud other than phone calls stating fraud was a possibility .
It is widely assumed that the same - day registration / voting option was exercised primarily by students who lean heavily Democratic .
In 2004 , African - American students from Wright State , Central State and Wilberforce were regularly challenged on their registration credentials and forced to endure waiting in lines to vote for hours .
Students at Cedarville , a Christian school , made no such reports .
Sheriff Fischer 's targeting of historically black college students , the core of Obama - mania , is intended to send a chilling effect through the ranks of these Democratic voters .
2 ) U.S. District Court Judge George C. Smith , a Reagan appointee , has approved a GOP lawsuit demanding that the state give county boards of elections great leeway in attacking new voter registration forms .
The decision , framed under the Help America Vote Act , would allow Republican challengers access to data from the Bureau of Motor Vehicles and the Social Security agency to challenge new voters .
The Judge noted that Ohio law permits challenges to absentee ballots , thousands of which have been pouring in to elections boards .
If allowed to stand , it could give the GOP the right to shred ballots already cast in the Buckeye State , with the precedent possibly being used to further enable a GOP nationwide disenfranchisement campaign .
Smith gave Ohio Secretary of State Jennifer Brunner a week to respond .
Brunner has stated she will appeal .3 ) Before the ruling , Brunner announced at the close of registration that the number of registered voters in Ohio had jumped by 665,949 , from 7,518,189 active voters on January 1 , 2008 , to 8,184,138 active voters now .
About 5.4 million votes were officially counted in Ohio's 2004 presidential election .
Then - Secretary of State J. Kenneth Blackwell certified a Bush victory of less than 119,000 votes .
A massive GOP disenfranchisement campaign could easily exceed that margin .4 ) The New York Times has reported that boards of elections in at least nine crucial states , including Ohio , have violated federal law in conducting purges and have been illegally using Social Security data bases as part of those purges .
The Times ' Ian Urbina quotes Colorado Secretary of State Mike Coffman as asking the Colorado Attorney - General to review how some 2,500 citizens were removed from the registration lists there .
The Times has cited purges in Colorado , Louisiana and Michigan that have apparently been conducted within 90 days of the upcoming November 4 election , violating federal law that allows states to expunge only those who have been convicted of a felony , moved out of state or died .
5 ) The Times has also reported that boards of elections in Nevada , North Carolina , Michigan , Indiana and Ohio have illegally used federal Social Security databases to flag and possibly eliminate voters whose registration applications were suspected of irregularities .
The Times reported some 37,000 Colorado voters removed in the three weeks after July 21 ; Secretary Coffman said the number was 14,000.6 )
Michigan elections director Christopher Thomas said his state had removed about 11,000 voters in August , while the Times estimated the real number to be closer to 33,000 .
Thomas refused to make the purged files public .
Michigan Secretary of State Terri Lynn Land is a long - standing Republican partisan whose political activism traces back to the mid-70s when she worked for Gerald Ford 's campaign in high school .
Critics charge that she functions in the traditional of Florida 's Katherine Harris and Ohio's J. Kenneth Blackwell .7 )
North Carolina 's BOE director Gary Bartlett dismissed concerns raised by the Social Security Administration about possible mis-used of SS files to purge registrations there in conjunction with drivers licenses .
The SSI contends Social Security numbers can only be accessed when there is no drivers license or other form of state ID available .
8 ) A CBS News report has revealed organized caging attempts by the GOP to eliminate registered voters from the rolls in 19 states .
The report marks one of the first initiated by a corporate news organization isolating Republican anti-vote campaigning .
9 )
An electronic voting machine in New Mexico was found to be operating on faulty software which could have eliminated hundreds of votes .
The glitch was apparently corrected , but was of a type that could result in thousands of votes being lost on Election Day 2008 , as they were in 2000 and 2004.10 )
The grassroots organizing group ACORN has come under serious attack in Nevada , Missouri , Ohio and elsewhere from Republicans attempting to negate the thousands of generally low - income citizens ACORN has registered to vote .
As a matter of law , ACORN is required to report irregular registrations that come through its process .
But GOP operatives have equated these with " fraudulent " filings , and a have ramped up a smear and fear campaign aimed at negating thousands of legitimate ACORN registrants throughout the US .
11 )
The GOP continues to resist attempts to subpoena Michael Connell , a shady Republican computer operative who programmed the 2000 Bush - Cheney web site .
Connell was also hired by former Ohio Secretary of State J. Kenneth Blackwell in 2004 to tabulate the Ohio vote count .
Under Connell , Ohio's vote totals were shunted to a computer bank in the same basement in Chattanooga , Tennessee , that housed the servers of the Republican National Committee .
In the early hours of the morning after election day , vote totals mysteriously began shifting from Kerry to Bush , swinging the 2004 election .
Connell 's cyber - security industry colleague Stephen Spoonamore , a Republican and former McCain supporter , has said that Connell may be able to shed light on vote count rigging in the 2008 vote count as well .
Attorneys in the King - Lincoln - Bronzeville civil rights lawsuit have thus far been unable to secure Connell 's sworn testimony .
12 ) CNN has reported that Obama 's surging poll numbers may leave him " in position to steal Virginia from the GOP . "
Virginia has n't backed a Democratic presidential candidate since Lyndon Johnson in 1964 , but CNN 's use of the word " steal " has raised hackles among election protection activists who argue the flow of theft is in the other direction .
As the moment of truth arrives , McCain - Palin attacks based on race , alleged " terrorist " ties and more are sure to increasingly dominate the GOP campaign .
But far more insidious will be an all - out assault on voter registration in the name of " voter fraud , " and on finding new ways to undermine the national vote , most importantly on electronic voting machines of the kind programmed by Michael Connell .
If those supporting the democratic process are not exceedingly vigilant , the GOP could use these tactics to once again take the White House .
-- Bob Fitrakis and Harvey Wasserman are co-authors of four books on election protection including HOW THE GOP STOLE AMERICA'S 2004 ELECTION & IS RIGGING 2008 , and AS GOES OHIO , just published by www.freepress.org , where this article originally appeared .
They are attorney and plaintiff in the King - Lincoln - Bronzeville lawsuit .
For as long as The City ( as I 'll call it ) has supplied water to its residents , it has had one big headache called " The Annual Water Survey . "
Like residents of all large metropolises ,
The City 's residents want to make sure the water they drink has only a miniscule amount of the " bad stuff , " such as heavy metals and pathogens , and just the right amount of the " good stuff " -- chlorine , fluoride , etc .
The water survey -- a 100 - plus - page report that details test after test after test -- was their vote of confidence .
Compiling the survey had always been a long and tedious process .
At first , field technicians would take samples from across The City , add drops of various indicator chemicals and record the results in their logbooks .
From there , lab technicians would transcribe the numbers and use special slide rules to create tables of meaningful results .
Typists would then compile the various tables into a giant binder and send it off for duplication .
Technology helped speed things up a little .
Electronic testers replaced drip kits , spreadsheets replaced slide rules and word processors replaced typewriters .
But for the most part , the process remained the same .
All of that changed , however , when The City -- with its grand plan to automate the water survey -- wanted to make everyone 's lives easier .
After 18 long months of development , the highly paid consultants hired by The City presented their solution .
Field technicians would be equipped with ruggedized , Internet - enabled PDAs that would instantly upload test results to the .NET - based central server .
From there , lab technicians would use an ASP.
NET - based app to verify and analyze the data .
Reports -- including the monstrous , 100 - plus - page water survey -- could easily be generated from the lab data .
It was a big investment , but The City knew it would pay off .
Not Quite Field - Tested
Shortly after going live , field technicians across The City noticed a bit of an issue .
Because water testing often occurred in low - coverage areas , the PDAs would routinely toggle between offline and online modes .
This resulted in a several - seconds - long synch process , which would often fail and require a reboot when the PDA lost its connection .
The technicians just resorted to doing the tests , writing the results in a notepad and entering them on the PDA later .
Either way , the field technicians were n't too thrilled about the PDAs .
Their old process of entering data into Excel spreadsheets and e-mailing the spreadsheets in was much faster than struggling with a little stylus to tap out numbers .
To make the techs " lives easier , the consultants built several Excel spreadsheets -- each with a heavy dose of VBA -- that would serialize data into XML and send it through a Web service to the central server .
Not Lab - Tested , Either
As the lab technicians began their analyses of the new data they , too , noticed a bit of an issue .
Although the Web - based app mimicked a cell - based spreadsheet , it lacked the robustness of Excel that the techs had grown accustomed too .
There was no auto - fill , quick - sum , conditional formatting or any of the other must - haves .
The consultants quickly responded by building Excel export functions , but that proved to be deficient .
The techs could n't interlink spreadsheets or easily keep their local , heavily modified spreadsheets in synch with data on the server .
The consultants finally settled on a solution that the lab technicians could use :
They built several Excel spreadsheets , each with a heavy dose of VBA , that would de-serialize data from the central server , display it and then upload any changes through the same mechanism .
As for the Reports ...
Once the lab technicians compiled enough real data to create a survey , the writers were ready to begin generating reports .
However , that system also proved to be a bit cumbersome .
Although the Web - based reporting module provided them with significant control over how the PDFs would look , it lacked some of the finer details of their former tool , Microsoft Word .
The biggest annoyance was that they were no longer able to instantly preview layout changes , such as changing font size to make a table fit on a page .
Try as they might , the consultants simply could not figure out a way to allow them to easily tweak the layout .
Instead , they presented a solution that the writers could use :
They built several Word documents -- each with a heavy dose of VBA -- that would automatically download and de-serialize data from the central server , and then serialize and upload the saved report .
The Final System
After three years of tweaking and hundreds of thousands of dollars in consulting fees , The City ended up with a system that everyone could live with .
Field technicians used Excel to enter data , lab technicians used Excel to process data and writers used Word to create reports .
Granted , it was exactly what they had before , but at least now they had a .NET server to bridge it all together .
Politico :
To The Editor :
Yesterday , Senator John McCain released a television commercial attacking Barack Obama for allegedly receiving advice on the economy from former Fannie Mae CEO Franklin Raines .
From the stump , he has recently tried tying Senator Obama to Fannie Mae , as if there is some guilt in the association with Fannie Mae ’s former executives .
It is an interesting card for Senator McCain to play , given that his campaign manager , Rick Davis , was paid by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac several hundred thousand dollars early in this decade to head up an organization to lobby in their behalf called The Homeownership Alliance . …
I worked in government relations for Fannie Mae for more than 20 years , leading the group for most of those years .
When I see photographs of Sen. McCain ’s staff , it looks to me like the team of lobbyists who used to report to me .
Senator McCain ’s attack on Senator Obama is a cheap shot , and hypocritical .
Sincerely ,
William Maloni
Fannie Mae Senior Vice President for Government and Industry Relations ( 1983-2004 )
( CNN ) --
It has fed the dreams of millions of air guitarists , headbangers and rocker wannabes .
It has exposed a new generation of fans to classic rock and metal while helping the slumping record industry boost sales .
" Guitar Hero World Tour , " the next installment in the blockbuster franchise , hits stores October 26 .
Now , for an encore , the wildly popular " Guitar Hero " video game franchise has a new , more ambitious goal :
It wants to help you record original music and share it with other fans around the world .
" Guitar Hero World Tour , " the fourth major installment in the gaming series , hits stores Sunday , October 26 .
Unlike past " GH " games , which came only with a guitar - shaped controller , " GHWT " also includes a drum kit and microphone , so gamers can tackle bass , vocal and percussion parts , too .
The game 's new studio mode will allow players to use the instrument controllers to record music tracks .
Through an online service called GHTunes , players also will be able to upload their songs , download others or collaborate to create music together .
The 86 songs in " Guitar Hero World Tour , " all master recordings , include such riff - heavy classics as Jimi Hendrix 's " Purple Haze , " Ozzy Osbourne 's " Crazy Train " and Bon Jovi's " Livin ' On a Prayer . "
But the game also ventures into such new " GH " genres as country ( Willie Nelson 's " On the Road Again " ) and even dance pop ( " Beat It " by Michael Jackson ) .
CNN spoke with " Guitar Hero " creators Charles and Kai Huang of RedOctane about the new game .
( Some of their answers have been edited . )
CNN : What were your goals in developing " Guitar Hero World Tour ? "
Charles Huang :
One of our goals was to create a great social gaming experience , so that four people can get together and play .
The other was .
. . the new feature we call GHTunes .
In a music studio in " Guitar Hero " you can actually use our instrument controllers , create your own original music , upload it onto the Internet and . . .other people can download your music and play it in " Guitar Hero . "
You can lay down a drum track , stop , then pick up a guitar and lay down a guitar track .
And then you can go into an editing studio and edit your song and put the finishing touches on it .
So there 's going to be almost an unlimited amount of original music .
. . that people will explore .
Kai Huang : With GHTunes , once we launch that , it 's going to be the biggest open platform for online distribution of music .
That 's something that 's never really been offered before .
You 've added other instruments to the game .
How influenced were you by the success of " Rock Band ? "
Kai Huang :
We started with guitar .
But our ultimate vision had always been about putting all of the instruments together and creating a band product .
It was about waiting until we had what we thought the gamers were really going to want .
With " World Tour , " we have all new instruments .
CH :
The guitar controller is slightly larger [ than before ] .
KH :
And we took a lot of time to make sure our drums were as authentic as possible .
We 've actually put the velocity - sensing technology in there , so the harder you hit the drum head , the harder it 's going to sound , and the softer you hit , the softer its going to sound .
How does the game score players ' vocals ?
That sounds tricky .
CH :
The guitar and the drums work on a rhythm , a beat matching .
And the vocals work on pitch matching .
You have to match the pitch of the notes as they scroll by .
Why did you add a beginner level ?
KH : Our whole objective with " Guitar Hero " is to make it as broadly accessible as possible .
By adding this beginner mode , we can get even young kids , who are 5 , 6 , 7 and who maybe can't coordinate pressing a button on the guitar and strumming at the same time .
. . to make it really easy for them .
All they have to do is strum .
CH : My 7 - and 9 - year - old daughters play .
And there are times when my 70 - year - old dad plays .
You want to give people of all ages and all sizes the ability to play " Guitar Hero " and have fun .
What about compatibility across formats ?
If I create a song on a Wii console , for example , could other people play it on an Xbox ?
CH : I believe GHTunes is compatible across all formats .
How did you choose the songs for this game ?
KH : We 're looking for music that connects with people .
When they hear it , they go , " Wow , I love that song and I have to buy this game . "
We start with a list of maybe 200 or 300 songs we would love to license .
And from there we work with the labels and the artists themselves to see which ones we can actually get .
CH :
We try to cover a lot of different genres and different eras .
" Guitar Hero " has always been known for classic rock and metal .
But we also look for songs that have great instrumentals and are fun to play , like " La Bamba , " by Los Lobos , which is surprisingly difficult .
We put in [ new ] genres like the Beastie Boys .
Michael Jackson is in there .
What 's great about " Beat It " is that a lot of people forget that Eddie Van Halen played the guitar solo on that .
When you guys were first developing " Guitar Hero , " did n't you have a hard time convincing artists to let you use their songs ?
KH : Yeah , with " Guitar Hero 1 , " it was an unknown game .
We went out and tried to license music and frankly got turned down for about 97 percent of the songs we asked for .
They did n't know what this game was .
We did n't have enough money to play them anyway .
So it was a real challenge at the beginning .
It 's become much easier for us .
Do you have a preferred console for playing " Guitar Hero " ?
CH : We try to take advantage of the uniqueness of each console .
They 're all very different , and we try to tailor our games to match the strengths of each .
KH : Yeah , we love all of our children .
How do you choose ?
What do you think has been " Guitar Hero's " biggest impact on the music industry ?
CH : We actually saw ... song downloads go up the week after " Guitar Hero III " was released -- for every single song that was included .
KH : Aerosmith generated more money on royalties for their game [ " Guitar Hero Aerosmith " ] than they did on each of their past two albums .
So they [ the games ] are truly bringing artists to new audiences , and much bigger audiences .
So the new game will be in stores October 26 ?
That 's a Sunday .
KH : It is .
It 'll give you a whole day to play .
You wo n't have to cut work .
All About Guitar Hero • Video Games
Thread Count :
Which discussion will reign supreme ?
Unless you 've been living in a Reddit - cave or under a Reddit - rock for the past year or so , this graph should be self - explanatory .
But scroll down if you need an explanation .
Way back in September 2007 ( has it really been that long ? ) , there was a discussion thread on Reddit that got really deep .
Not like " interesting deep " , but just " a lot of replies deep " .
Soon , people started to wonder if there had ever been a thread that long , and what would happen if it kept growing .
Would the comments get narrower and narrower , until they were the width of a single pixel ?
Would they break through the scrollbar and spill out the side of the browser window and all over everyone 's desktops ?
Would the 1000th post open a secret door to a hidden bonus level of Reddit ?
To really get the ball rolling , someone declared " Fibonacci ! " and the rest was history .
A " 0 " was posted , followed by two " 1 "s , a " 2 " , a " 3 " , and literally thousands more .
For some reason , Redditors liked the idea of keeping the thread going , whether it was the fun of participating in an Internet meme , a desire to leave one 's mark upon the world , or just good old - fashioned OCD .
Regardless , it 's been going on ever since — they 're up to like sixty kajillion and one — and it seemed like it was the qgyh2 of threads , so far ahead that nobody would ever catch up .
Then Epic Thread happened .
I wo n't even try to explain this one , for the same reason that it 's not a good idea to analyze a joke .
You 'll just have to read the posts yourself .
Anyway , I wondered how the size of the two threads would compare , so I decided to study their respective growth , and I also set up a script to record it from this point forward .
The result is the graph above .
It 'll be fun to watch their progress .
At least , if you 're an unemployed nerd like me .
If you 'd like to read through all the posts , here are some links to their beginnings .
Documents menu Date : Thu , 26 Sep 1996 18:49:26 CDT
Reply - To : Workers World < ww@wwpublish.com >
Sender : Activists Mailing List < ACTIV-L@MIZZOU1.MISSOURI.EDU >
From : NY Transfer News Collective < nyt@blythe.org >
Subject : United Fruit's Central American Murders Via Workers World News Service
Reprinted from the Oct. 3 , 1996 issue of Workers World newspaper How United Fruit robbed and killed the people of Central America By Stephen Millies , in Workers World , 3 October 1996 " It 's important that I do n't get too knowledgeable about the past . "
So spoke Wallace Booth on becoming president of United Brands back in 1975 .
Booth had plenty of reason to wish for amnesia .
After all , he had just succeeded Eli Black who left United Brands by jumping through his office window on the 44th floor of the old Pan Am Building in New York .
Black was just about to be exposed for giving a $ 1.25 - million bribe to the president of Honduras .
United Brands was then the new name for the notorious United Fruit banana monopoly .
Now it 's got another new name : Chiquita Brands International .
For decades this ruthless corporation dominated the economies of the countries of Central America .
Chiquita still owns or rents over 267 square miles of farmland in Costa Rica , Panama and Honduras .
It operates a fleet of 42 refrigerated ships and hundreds of miles of railroad .
ALL THE NEWS FIT TO PRINT ?
In mid-September an agreement was signed in Guatemala between the government and guerrilla commanders .
News is finally coming out about the grisly background of the long war there .
In the 1980s alone , the Guatemalan military and its death squads killed over 100,000 people .
Entire Indian villages were massacred .
A front - page article in the Sept. 20 New York Times made a rare admission .
It said that " the conflict had its roots in a 1954 coup sponsored by the Central Intelligence Agency . "
The Times then went on to claim that " most of Guatemala 's 10.5 million people can no longer remember what started it . "
But United Fruit -- now Chiquita -- remembers .
What brought down the wrath of this company and of the CIA was President Jacobo Arbenz Guzm n's attempt to distribute uncultivated lands owned by United Fruit to landless peasants .
The big Boston banks behind United Fruit were determined that Arbenz must go .
President Dwight D. Eisenhower gave the order for a CIA - staged invasion that toppled the elected Guatemalan government .
Among the coup 's first victims were 45 assassinated leaders of the banana workers on United Fruit 's plantations .
Seven years later , United Fruit paid back its debt to the CIA by donating two of its ships to the Bay of Pigs invasion of Cuba .
The Cuban people -- under the leadership of Fidel Castro -- remembered well the tragedy of Guatemala .
They defeated the CIA invasion .
And they took back all the land that United Fruit owned in Cuba - - land that today 's Helms - Burton Law is meant to return to U.S. corporate owners .
WHERE'S THE WAR CRIMES TRIAL ?
The U.S. capitalist establishment has recently been trying to organize a so - called war - crimes trial in the Netherlands .
Its aim is justify U.S. intervention in Bosnia , once part of socialist Yugoslavia .
Where 's the war - crimes trial for the massacres in Central America ?
For the 100,000 - plus victims in Guatemala ?
For the thousands of victims of Oliver North 's Contra war against Nicaragua ?
And the countless victims of the death squads in El Salvador and Honduras ?
U.S. government money paid for this terror .
And it was the U.S. Army that trained so many of these assassins at the School of the Americas in Panama - - a country itself left with unmarked mass graves and many missing after the U.S. invasion in 1989 .
But the U.S. government just did the bidding of United Fruit .
United Fruit really should be in the dock .
United Fruit sold its properties in Guatemala to Del Monte in 1972 for $ 20 million .
Under its new name of Chiquita Brands , it still maintains its empire in the rest of Central America .
It 's controlled by the Lindner family in Cincinnati through the American Financial Group - - a big insurance company .
Just one of these Lindners -- Stephen Craig - - owned 23,809,445 shares of Chiquita Brands stock in April 1992 .
Their market value was $ 351,809,445 at the time .
Meanwhile Del Monte has been gobbled up by RJR Nabisco -- the huge cancer - stick and cookie conglomerate .
Another big player is Castle & Cooke , which owns the Dole brand .
( No relation to Bob Dole . )
These are the criminal companies that have benefited from the CIA wars that have left the people of Central America bloodied and impoverished .
How can there be justice in Guatemala , or Honduras , or El Salvador , without at the very least a major reparations program paid for by those who became multi-millionaires off the suffering of the people ?
Copyright Workers World Service : Permission to reprint granted if source is cited .
For more information contact Workers World , 55 W. 17 St. , NY , NY 10011 ; via e-mail : ww@wwpublish.com .
For subscription info send message to : ww-info@wwpublish.com .
Web : http://www.workers.org
NOW might be a good time to buy some FedEx stock .
International travelers are sure to be shipping a lot of laptops on overnight delivery to avoid losing them for hours or weeks – thanks to the Department of Homeland Security ’s new confiscation policy .
Congress recently forced the department to admit it has assumed authority to take an air traveler ’s laptop computer ( or any other electronic device ) to an undisclosed location for an unspecified time to check for suspicious files – even “ absent individualized suspicion ” of wrongdoing .
We should n’t be surprised to hear this about an agency that directs the transportation agency to frisk Scandinavian grandmas while screening for Islamic terrorists .
Still , the policy plainly denies our basic personal freedoms .
Modern business travelers carry vital documents and data on their laptops .
DHS claims the authority to disrupt their access to that information for as long as it wishes , snoop around in that data and share it with other government agencies – all without probable cause to suspect wrongdoing .
Civil - liberties groups report at least one case of DHS staffers confiscating a laptop for months .
At the least , a thorough sweep of a laptop ’s data by border agents could take an hour or more .
Have a business meeting to attend on a tight schedule ?
Too bad .
Being “ randomly ” wanded and frisked at an airport - security checkpoint is bad enough , but at least the inconvenience is brief .
But the new seizure policy essentially keeps law - abiding business travelers , with their entire professional lives on laptops , hostage to a government agency and prevents them from doing their jobs – again , all without a hint of probable cause .
That ’s more than an annoyance :
It ’s official theft of your ability to make a living .
Plus , even trained computer snoopers sometimes slip , accidentally deleting files .
To which bureaucrat do you go if DHS kills essential data ?
The obvious privacy concerns inherent in this policy are hardly assuaged by the department ’s promise to expunge any files it copies for inspection .
The program evades any public oversight .
Sen . Russ Feingold ( D - Wisc. ) says he ’ll soon introduce legislation requiring DHS to establish guidelines of “ reasonable suspicion ” for border searches of electronic equipment .
Sounds good – except his bill would also prohibit profiling on the basis of race , religion or national origin .
Good luck squaring that circle , senator .
It was the feds ’ mindless random - search policies that birthed this blanket - right - to - seizure policy in the first place .
Yes , terrorists use laptops to help plan and coordinate their murderous business , and we certainly need to stop them .
But we also need to protect the personal and economic freedoms of law - abiding Americans .
A sensible compromise would let DHS agents use their judgment , guided by common sense and experience in screening travelers – instead of obliging them to sweep up a broad swath of people from every major ethnic or religious subgroup in order to avoid charges of discrimination .
That policy wastes everyone ’s time and money – inspectors ’ , travelers ’ and taxpayers ’ .
Combined with vigorous public oversight , such an approach might work .
Meanwhile , international air travelers who want to protect their laptops , and their freedom , have a way around the minders : Get FedEx on the horn .
James G. Lakely is managing editor of Infotech & Telecom News , a publication of the Heartland Institute in Chicago .
jlakely@heartland.org
By Kim Ghattas
BBC News , Washington
Congressional leaders waited anxiously for 15 minutes , counting the Ayes and Nays and hoping for the magic number of 218 .
Lots of lobbying took place in between the two House votes
They were 13 votes short on Monday when the rescue bill faced a stunning defeat in the House .
But this second vote came at the end of an intense week of lobbying , slumping markets all over the world , dire warnings of financial Armageddon and a vote in the Senate which brought some political cover for the difficult decision .
Crucially , some amendments had also been made to the text of the Emergency Economic Stabilization Act of 2008 .
No jubilation
The 435 members of the lower House of Congress probably spent a few sleepless nights this week as the second vote loomed and they struggled with their decision , under intense pressure from the White House , their constituents and their colleagues .
In the end , 58 Congress members switched their vote from No to Yes - 32 Democrats and 26 Republicans .
When the gavel fell , there was relief and a brief moment of applause , but no jubilation or cheers .
None of those who voted in favour - neither the switchers nor those who had been on board from the beginning - did so with a light heart .
Monday what we had was a bailout for Wall Street firms and not much relief for taxpayers and hard - hit families , now we have an economic rescue package
Ileana Ros-Lehtinen
Republican congresswoman
" I do n't like this at all , as a matter of fact , I think it 's disgusting that we would have to be brought to this , to have to cast this vote , " said Zach Wamp , a Republican from Tennessee who switched his vote to a Yes during the week .
" But we 're out of options , we do n't have a month to rewrite the bill . "
Overall , the switchers seemed to fall into two main categories : those who were swayed by the vote in the Senate and those who were alarmed by the market slump which followed their stunning defeat of the bill on Monday .
Before Monday 's vote , they were receiving overwhelmingly angry and worried phone calls from their constituents , who were telling them to vote against the bill .
But as the week progressed , many members of Congress started to notice a shift in the tone of the calls .
They began hearing more and more from people who were hurting because of the crisis .
John Sullivan , a Republican from Oklahoma , said fears about the economy pushed him to switch from No to Yes .
Sue Myrick , a Republican from North Carolina , made the decision after talking to small businesses in her district .
" I think it 's the best thing for the country right now , " Ms Myrick was quoted as saying by Congressional Quarterly .
" I talked to people I trust ... good solid businesses .
They could not get credit . "
Democrat John Lewis from Georgia said he had concluded that " the cost of doing nothing is greater than the cost of doing something .
The people are afraid .
Their retirement savings are slipping away .
Small businesses have no sales , no credit and are closing their doors . "
" The scope of this serious crisis is reaching regular Tennesseans .
From those saving for retirement to families who need loans for automobiles , homes or college and small businesses that need loans to meet payroll or expand their operations , " said Mr Wamp .
Sweeteners
The tone and media coverage also changed during the week .
After first being described as a bail - out , the bill was now being called a rescue package , and all those lobbying to push it through were emphasising that this was meant to help the average American on Main Street , not the bankers of Wall street .
Adding to people 's fears about a looming recession , on Friday morning , before the vote , a Labour department report showed that 159,000 jobs were cut last month , a ninth consecutive monthly reduction and the biggest in five and a half years .
But the amendments made by the Senate , which approved the bill on Wednesday with a good majority , also played a role , for three reasons .
Firstly , the Senate added sweeteners to a bitter pill - tax breaks and a rise in the value of bank deposits covered by federal insurance .
Secondly , it gave some political cover for hesitant Representatives ( the whole House is up for election in November ) .
And thirdly , it gave members of Congress the sense that they were not just giving President George W Bush and Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson a blank check of $ 700 bn .
A lot of lawmakers said they resented how the administration had handled the proposal and said they felt the bill was being forced onto them .
The initial three - page plan is now a 451 - page bill .
Republican Ileana Ros-Lehtinen , of Florida , said she was switching to a Yes vote after the Senate added some $ 110 m in tax breaks and raised federal insurance on bank deposits from $ 100,000 to $ 250,000 , among other amendments .
" Monday what we had was a bailout for Wall Street firms and not much relief for taxpayers and hard - hit families , " Ms Ros-Lehtinen told The Associated Press .
" Now we have an economic rescue package . "
" This is a better bill , but it 's tough out there , " said Republican J Gresham Barrett from South Carolina .
" I have talked to my Moms , I have talked to my Pops , I have talked to my corporations .
No matter what we do or what we pass there is still tough times out there .
People are hurting , people are mad .
I 'm mad . "
When the Senate debated the amendments ahead of the vote on Wednesday , they were mindful that they needed to make sure that in their attempts to win over opponents of the bill , they did not lose any supporters .
In the end , they seem to have struck the right balance .
Only one lawmaker switched from a Yes on Monday to a No on Friday : Democrat Jim McDermott from Washington .
He said the Senate changes and the expensive tax breaks the bill now included had made it worse .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
http://georgewashington2.blogspot.com/2008/08/fbi-anthrax-advisor-say-attack-was.html
We all know that the bioweapons expert who actually drafted the current bioweapons law ( the Biological Weapons Anti-Terrorism Act of 1989 ) - Francis Boyle - has said that he is convinced the October 2001 anthrax attacks that killed five people were perpetrated and covered up by criminal elements of the U.S. government , and that the motive was to foment a police state by killing off and intimidating opposition to post - 9/11 legislation such as the USA PATRIOT Act and the later Military Commissions Act .
But a new article reveals an interesting fact : Professor Boyle " advised the FBI in its initial investigation of the anthrax letters . "
In other words , an FBI advisor himself believes that the anthrax attack was a false flag operation .
Fiscal woes could delay climate change efforts FOCUS ON GLOBAL WARMING
Fears grow that curbing emissions will lose priority
Sens. Barbara Boxer , D - Calif. , speaks to reporters regarding the FAA Bill on Tuesday , May 6 , 2008 on Capitol Hill in Washington .
Major legislation to make the flying skies safer faltered in the Senate Tuesday ; the vote was 49 - 42 to proceed with the Aviation Investment and Modernization Act , 11 short of the 60 needed .
( AP Photo / Lauren Victoria Burke ) less Sens. Barbara Boxer , D - Calif. , speaks to reporters regarding the FAA Bill on Tuesday , May 6 , 2008 on Capitol Hill in Washington .
Major legislation to make the flying skies safer faltered in the Senate Tuesday ; ... more Photo : Lauren Victoria Burke , AP Photo : Lauren Victoria Burke , AP Image 1 of / 1 Caption Close Fiscal woes could delay climate change efforts 1 / 1 Back to Gallery
The financial crisis and a deepening economic downturn are threatening to delay efforts to deal with another pressing global crisis : climate change .
Hopes for action had been running high since both Republican John McCain and Democrat Barack Obama had pledged to make cutting U.S. greenhouse gas emissions a top priority .
But environmentalists now fear that the next president may be more focused on reviving a flatlining economy , and Congress could be wary of supporting any measures that might slow growth or raise energy prices for consumers .
" The truth is there is a very large question mark hanging over the idea that Congress would take economywide action on global warming with the economy in such anemic shape , " said Frank O'Donnell , president of Clean Air Watch .
In the short term , a declining global economy could reduce the growth in greenhouse gas emissions as consumption of goods and energy usage drops .
But world leaders warn it could also undermine efforts to find long - term solutions .
European Union leaders are discussing delaying planned emissions cuts in response to the financial crisis .
United Nations officials worry that wealthier nations may cut back on commitments to help poorer countries invest in clean energy or adapt to the impacts of warming , which is seen as crucial in getting a global deal to reduce emissions .
" You ca n't pick an empty pocket , " Yvo de Boer , the United Nations ' top climate official , told the Associated Press last week .
The scientific evidence of the need for action on climate change continues to mount .
Last month , scientists announced that man-made carbon dioxide emissions rose by 2.5 percent last year , four times faster than a decade ago and faster than the worst - case modeling had predicted .
The rise was fueled by rapid growth in emissions from fast - developing nations such as China and India .
U.N. climate scientists have said that global emissions must peak by 2015 and drop by at least 50 percent by 2050 to limit the temperature rise to 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit , the threshold where some of the most extreme impacts could begin .
Warming a serious threat
But the growing consensus in the United States that global warming is a serious threat has not been matched by a consensus in Washington over how to solve the problem .
All of the proposed solutions would require broad changes in the economy and how Americans use energy , and all carry significant costs .
Neither presidential candidate has backed away from his pledges to tackle global warming .
Both men appeared at former President Bill Clinton 's Global Initiative conference in New York last month to reiterate their commitments to cutting emissions .
At last week 's presidential debate , both candidates said investments in clean energy could help revive the economy .
" It can be an engine that drives us into the future the same way the computer was the engine for economic growth over the last couple of decades , " Obama said .
But translating those pledges into legislation that can pass Congress could prove politically difficult .
Obama and McCain have backed bills to create a cap - and - trade system , which would cap emissions and allow major emitters like power plants to trade credits to emit greenhouse gases .
The plan mirrors the scheme approved by the California Legislature and Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , which requires cuts in emissions to 1990 levels by 2020 .
Cap - and - trade plans
The goal of cap - and - trade plans is simple :
Put a price tag on carbon dioxide and other gases to pressure industry to reduce the use of fossil fuels .
By auctioning off credits , the government could raise hundreds of billions of dollars in revenues to support investments in renewable energy and other programs .
But a Senate cap - and - trade bill was pulled from the floor last year before a final vote after most Republicans and some Democrats , especially from Midwest and Southern states that rely heavily on coal , raised concerns that it could slow economic growth or raise energy costs .
The U.S. Energy Information Administration estimated that the bill would reduce gross domestic product by 0.2 to 0.6 percent by 2030 , and could raise electricity prices by 11 to 64 percent and gas prices by 22 to 49 cents .
Scott Segal , who lobbies on the climate issue for electric utilities , said those arguments could be even more powerful if the economy continues its decline .
" The prospects for rapid action on climate change have been slowed by the economy , " Segal said .
But he added that McCain or Obama could still achieve a breakthrough on climate change if they push a package that limits costs to the economy and guarantees that U.S. businesses are not put at a disadvantage to competitors India and China .
In a sign of where the debate may be headed , two key House Democrats , Energy and Commerce Committee Chairman John Dingell , D - Mich . , and Rick Boucher , D - Va. , released a long - anticipated " discussion draft " of a new cap - and - trade bill .
The bill proposes less aggressive short - term cuts in emissions than this year 's Senate bill - a 6 percent reduction from 2005 levels by 2020 - but deeper cuts in later years to reach an 80 percent reduction by 2050 .
Environmentalists are suspicious about parts of the bill , including a provision to pre-empt efforts by California and other states from moving ahead with their own cap - and - trade systems , and to prevent the Environmental Protection Agency from using its existing authority under the Clean Air Act to regulate greenhouse gases .
Bill called sign of progress
Sen. Barbara Boxer , D - Calif. , who chairs the Senate Environment and Public Works Committee , said she does n't support everything in the new bill , but called it a sign of progress .
She also believes the coming elections , where Democrats are favored to win seats , could improve the odds in the Senate of passing a climate bill .
" We could have 58 or 59 Democrats , maybe 60 Democrats .
We will have many more voices in the Congress on this , " she said .
Boxer said she also thinks the next president will be able to make the case that a weak economy demands a new energy and climate policy .
" We have to become a leader in alternative energy to get out of this economic malaise , " she said .
" You 're not going to get out of it just by doing business as usual . "
I love the illustration for Christopher Hitchens ' Vanity Fair story , " America the Banana Republic . "
It 's based , of course , on the beautiful Jack Davis poster for Woody Allen 's Bananas from 1971 .
Hitchens ' piece is well worth reading , too .
I was very struck , as the liquefaction of a fantasy - based system proceeded , to read an observation by Professor Jeffrey A. Sonnenfeld , of the Yale School of Management .
Referring to those who had demanded - – successfully -– to be indemnified by the customers and clients whose trust they had betrayed , the professor phrased it like this :
These are people who want to be rewarded as if they were entrepreneurs .
But they are n't .
They did n't have anything at risk .
That 's almost exactly right , except that they did have something at risk .
What they put at risk , though , was other people 's money and other people 's property .
How very agreeable it must be to sit at a table in a casino where nobody seems to lose , and to play with a big stack of chips furnished to you by other people , and to have the further assurance that , if anything should ever chance to go wrong , you yourself are guaranteed by the tax dollars of those whose money you are throwing about in the first place !
It 's enough to make a cat laugh .
>>
09/16/08 ( Tue ) 02:26:03 No.85536912
Read this
http://www.viceland.com/int/v12n1/htdocs/poster.php
and when you get a girl in bed , do this
http://www.redtube.com/2325
She will have an intense full - body orgasm , and will cling to you like a magnet .
extra :
One more thing - 76 beats per minute .
Listen to a metronome , tap your fingers along with that beat .
Find or make songs that are at 76 bpm tempo .
Learn it .
Leading up to and during orgasm , the female pelvic muscles involuntarily contract at this rate .
If you stimulate , with your tongue , her VAGINA at the same rate as it is contracting , it will lengthen the orgasm and increase the intensity
you can also bring a female orgasm on without actually getting her naked or grinding with her .
you massage the area right above her pelvic bone ( but below the waist ) and you should actually be stimulating her g- spot externally .
she 'll cum without you even touching her VAGINA .
spread the word , / b/ tards can get a girl and keep her .
I 've been waiting for someone to make bacon cologne ( are you listening , Calvin Klein and Ralph Lauren ? ) , but Blogadilla tells us how to make the next best thing : bacon soap .
Actually , what I would really like is a bacon - scented deodorant .
Would n't that be awesome ?
Blogadilla had two missions : to see if making soap from bacon fat was possible and to make the result look like bacon .
Both were accomplished .
It 's pretty similar to making regular soap , except in this case , Liquid Smoke is an optional fragrance option .
Previously
Wake N' Bacon Alarm Clock
In Videos : How It 's Made — Bacon
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2008 September 15
Explanation :
What created this unusual space ribbon ?
Most assuredly , one of the most violent explosions ever witnessed by ancient humans .
Back in the year 1006 AD , light reached Earth from a stellar explosion in the constellation of the Wolf ( Lupus ) , creating a " guest star " in the sky that appeared brighter than Venus and lasted for over two years .
The supernova , now cataloged at SN 1006 , occurred about 7,000 light years away and has left a large remnant that continues to expand and fade today .
Pictured above is a small part of that expanding supernova remnant dominated by a thin and outwardly moving shock front that heats and ionizes surrounding ambient gas .
SN 1006 now has a diameter of nearly 60 light years .
Within the past year , an even more powerful explosion occurred far across the universe that was visible to modern humans , without any optical aid , for a few seconds .
Thomas Frank
USA Today
September 24 , 2008
A scene from the airport of the future : A man ’s pulse races as he walks through a checkpoint .
His quickened heart rate and heavier breathing set off an alarm .
A machine senses his skin temperature jumping .
Screeners move in to question him .
Signs of a terrorist ?
Or simply a passenger nervous about a cross-country flight ?
It may seem Orwellian , but on Thursday , the Homeland Security Department showed off an early version of physiological screeners that could spot terrorists .
The department ’s research division is years from using the machines in an airport or an office building — if they even work at all .
But officials believe the idea could transform security by doing a bio scan to spot dangerous people .
Critics doubt such a system can work .
The idea , they say , subjects innocent travelers to the intrusion of a medical exam .
The futuristic machinery works on the same theory as a polygraph , looking for sharp swings in body temperature , pulse and breathing that signal the kind of anxiety exuded by a would - be terrorist or criminal .
Unlike a lie - detector test that wires subjects to sensors as they answer questions , the “ Future Attribute Screening Technology ” ( FAST ) scans people as they walk by a set of cameras .
Read article
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Today ( 11 September ) , Israeli human rights organization B'Tselem is publishing a report on Israel 's blocking of Palestinian access to land around settlements lying east of the Separation Barrier .
The report reveals that state authorities and settlers have de-facto annexed rings of land amounting to tens of thousands of dunams to these settlements .
Control of these lands is seized by a variety of means , but two modus operandi stand out : 1 ) settlers , and sometimes members of Israel 's security forces , violently attack and harass Palestinians who venture near settlements ; and 2 ) erecting fences and other physical and electronic devices around the lands , blocking Palestinian access to them .
In many cases , the authorities turn a blind eye to unlicensed closure of lands , systemically avoiding their duty to enforce the law on criminal settlers .
The total amount of lands thus attached to settlements can only be roughly estimated , as most of the takeovers were not documented or officially sanctioned in orders .
In recent years , however , Israel began to formalize the closing of lands by issuing military orders in the framework of the “ Special Security Area ” ( SSA ) plan .
As part of this plan , Israel has fenced off 12 settlements east of the Separation Barrier , unofficially annexing 4,558 dunams ( 4 dunums = 1 acre ) and thus increasing the overall area of these settlements by a factor of 2.4 .
Half of the closed off lands are privately owned by Palestinians .
The closing of lands around settlements primarily harms Palestinian farmers , who face almost impassable bureaucratic obstacles when attempting to access their lands .
As a result , many are forced to stop cultivating their land .
Israeli officials seek to justify the closing by citing the security need for a warning space around the settlements , to help protect settlers .
Indeed , in 2002 - 2004 , Palestinians killed 31 Israeli civilians in settlements in the West Bank , and wounded many others .
However , B'Tselem 's research has demonstrated that the authorities permit settlers to access these purported “ warning areas ” .
B'Tselem has documented settlers living on , and tending to , closed off Palestinian lands .
This contradicts the security logic cited by the army and defies the closure orders issued by the military commander .
In the report 's conclusion , B'Tselem provides a number of alternative measures that Israel can take to protect settlers while reducing infringement of Palestinians ' rights .
However , the organization emphasizes that , given the illegality of the entire settlement enterprise , Israel is obligated to evacuate all settlements and must not work to perpetuate them .
Therefore , the only lawful way to protect the settlers is by evacuating them and returning them to Israel .
Scotland ’s cold and cloudy climate plays a large part in causing the chronic diseases that plague its people .
Scots suffer more chronic disease than almost anywhere else among former Western block countries , but this could be turned around .
For years scientists and cancer charities have told people to avoid the sun and reduce the risk of skin cancer with little regard for the fact that the sun provides the human body with life - saving vitamin D .
THE STATISTICS
· People in Scotland die younger on average than almost any other western European nation .
· People in Scotland have a lower average level of vitamin D in their bodies than people in England and a higher incidence of several common chronic diseases .
· A healthy person in Europe or north America obtains more than 90 per cent of their vitamin D by exposure to the sun .
Scotland ’s northern location allows less opportunity for its inhabitants to expose their skin to the sun .
· Glasgow gets 400 hours less sun than London each year .
· Scotland ’s health is improving , but at a slower rate than other European countries .
At the present rate , Scotland will never catch up .
· Insufficient vitamin D increases the risk , and severity , of several chronic diseases including : many cancers , heart disease , stroke , high blood pressure , diabetes ( types one and two ) , arthritis , bone disease , and consequent fractures .
Most of these occur more frequently in Scotland than in England .
· Scotland is suffering from an epidemic of autoimmune diseases caused by a disturbed immune system that attacks the body .
Insufficient vitamin D in early life appears to be an important cause of these diseases that include : multiple sclerosis , Crohn ’s ( an inflammatory disease of the bowel ) , diabetes type 1 , and rheumatoid arthritis .
· Scotland has the highest percentage of people with multiple sclerosis of any country in the world .
MS is now considered to be caused by insufficient exposure to sunshine , resulting in low levels of vitamin D , in early life .
· The lack of vitamin D in the Scottish population needs the same urgent attention that the government is giving to reduction of smoking , alcoholism and obesity .
Scottish people could boost their vitamin D intake if cheap supplements were available or if food was fortified with the vitamin .
· Mistaken advice by the government in London and the charity Cancer Research UK to avoid exposure to the sun between 11 am and 3 pm can only have helped to push down average levels of vitamin D in the past .
New official advice is needed to encourage people to sunbathe – without burning , since burning appears to be the major risk factor for skin cancer rather than simple exposure to the sun .
· At present , Health Protection Scotland , the body charged by the Scottish Executive to strengthen and co-ordinate health protection in the country , does not mention the benefits of vitamin D and sunshine , or the problem of vitamin D insufficiency in Scotland , on its website .
In a new book published on 19th September , Oliver Gillie calls for an urgent review of the country ’s health policy by the Scottish government .
He says that insufficient vitamin D in the body increases the risk of cancer , heart disease , multiple sclerosis , high blood pressure , stroke , diabetes , multiple sclerosis and arthritis , as well as bone disease and fractures .
Healthy people receive more than 90 per cent of vitamin D by exposure of the skin to sun , but because of Scotland ’s short summer season and persistent cold weather its people have lower vitamin D levels in their bodies than the rest of Britain .
For decades Scotland ’s high incidence of chronic disease and low mortality compared to England and other European countries has been blamed on smoking , alcohol , poor diet and poverty .
Successive investigations into the problem have failed to consider the vitamin D factor .
Oliver Gillie , director of the Health Research Forum and former medical journalist , says that issuing vitamin D supplements and boosting its content in food , plus better advice on exposure to the sun could dramatically reduce the amount of chronic disease in Scotland at relatively low cost .
The Scottish government could help by allowing the import of high strength vitamin D tablets and allowing a health claim to be made for foods such as milk , orange juice and bread if they are fortified with vitamin D .
Oliver Gillie ’s book is available as a free download online at : www.healthresearchforum.org.uk
Environmental scientists in Iceland say the changing climate is having a big impact on that country 's wildlife and is eroding land on the Arctic island .
Iceland has seen record - breaking warm temperatures in recent years , which has affected some bird and fish species , said Gudrun Palmadottir , an environmental researcher working in west Iceland .
" We have seen it in many species of birds and fish and algae and plants .
There are new species , and the species that are here are struggling , like the puffin and the Arctic tern , " she told CBC News .
" There is something missing from their food chain , " she added .
" It 's being studied , but [ there ] was a dramatic death in chicks this year and past years also with the puffin , and it 's thought to be because the sea is warming . "
Palmadottir said some cold - water fish species have moved out of their traditional fishing grounds .
That 's a big concern to the country 's fishery , she added .
As well , Icelanders are dealing with severe erosion caused by centuries of grazing and forest clear - cutting .
" About 40 per cent of Iceland is suffering from severe erosion … that means about 40,000 square kilometres , " said Magnus Johannsson of Iceland 's Soil Conservation Service .
Johannsson said that on top of the clear - cutting and grazing , warm and dry summers in the past couple of years have led to dry , loose volcanic soil blowing over vegetated areas .
The Icelandic scientists spoke to a group of 28 youth earlier this month as part of the Cape Farewell 2008 climate change expedition .
The expedition group , which includes youth from Canada , Mexico , Germany , India , the United Kingdom and Brazil , has been travelling since Sept. 7 to Iceland , Greenland and Baffin Island .
Their journey wraps up Sept. 20 .
By Jon Leyne
BBC News , Tehran
Iran has an inflation rate of 25 % and counting Amidst the financial wreckage around the world , one government is celebrating .
Watching the global gnashing of teeth , the Islamic Republic of Iran is enjoying the ride .
" We are very happy that America 's economy is in jeopardy and they are paying the price for their misdeeds .
God is punishing them . "
That is the verdict from Ayatollah Jannati , one of the most senior clerics in Iran .
President Ahmadinejad has pronounced on the collapse of global capitalism , and announced that Iranians should stand ready to manage the world .
If there is a Persian word for " schadenfreude " , this is it .
And for the moment , Iran does seem to be above the fray .
Shares on the Tehran stock exchange , while down slightly in recent trading , have increased in value by 20 % during the year .
In fact , to walk the floor of the Tehran Bourse , you could be excused for thinking you are in a parallel universe .
It looks like a normal stock exchange , with a vast computerised screen dominating the room and traders working from computer to phone to computer .
It is surely only a matter of time before the laws of gravity reassert themselves on the Iranian economy
But share prices have been almost entirely unaffected by the credit crunch .
Stock market insiders told me what they were more interested in was the progress of a government privatisation plan , and other domestic factors .
Bahrom , a stockbroker watching the trading floor , explained that the crisis presented opportunities for Iran .
He advised foreign investors to take a good look at the market here .
Another stockbroker said the market here was more about politics than economics .
Any foreign investors tempted to join the party should be warned that foreign investments need government approval , in a process that takes at least a month - and that is probably an optimistic assessment .
Oil economy Iran , of course , is proud of going against the global trend .
Ayatollah Jannati says the West is being punished for its misdeeds
This is the only economy in the world - indeed possibly in world history - in which you can borrow money from the bank and then receive a higher rate of interest by depositing it in the same bank .
Mr Ahmadinejad , who says he is proud of his ignorance of economics , also seems to believe the laws of supply and demand do not apply to the Islamic republic .
He insists the excess amounts of cash in the economy , excess liquidity , is in no way to blame for the spiralling rate of inflation - 25 % and counting .
In this particular case , however , it is surely only a matter of time before the laws of gravity reassert themselves on the Iranian economy .
The direct impact of this financial crisis in the US for the Iranian people , could actually be more than for the American people
Saeed Leylaz , economist Despite a growing industrial sector , and other attempts to diversify , Iran is still overwhelmingly dependent on its massive oil and gas reserves .
According to the BP survey , taken together this country has the largest combined oil and gas reserves in the world , and it is the world 's third largest oil exporter .
Iran 's oil minister said his country earned $ 70 bn ( £ 41 bn ) from oil exports last year - the vast majority of both its export earnings , and of government revenue .
But with oil prices already down to around $ 60 ( £ 35 ) a barrel from their peak , and still falling , that must be bad news for Iran 's finances .
Day of reckoning
In theory , in the good years Iran puts surplus oil revenue into a stabilisation fund .
However , Mr Ahmadinejad 's government found no trouble spending the money , even as oil approached $ 150 ( £ 88 ) a barrel .
The majority of Iran 's revenue comes from oil
It is not clear how much , or even whether any , of that windfall made it into the deposit account .
Instead , as Mr Ahmadinejad toured the country he sprayed out money to the provinces and local villages .
Vast contracts have been awarded to the Revolutionary Guards .
Unspecified amounts have been given , lent , or " invested " with Iran 's friends both in the Middle East and in Latin America .
What has happened to the money - you hear ordinary Iranians asking .
Now the day of reckoning may be approaching .
" The direct impact of this financial crisis in the United States for the Iranian people , could actually be more than for the American people , because of the oil price , and our dependency on oil income , " explained Saeed Leylaz , one of Iran 's most outspoken and independent - minded economists " If the oil price for Iranian oil will be $ 75 to $ 80 a barrel , we will lose $ 50bn US dollars ( a year ) and that means we are losing between $ 700 and $ 800 per head . "
We are in a recession .
No -one wants to buy
Alireza Jahan , estate agent
In fact , Iranian oil , which trades slightly cheaper than the lighter crudes that set the world benchmark , is now close to that price , and looks set to fall further .
Already , even in plush north Tehran , you can see the signs of economic downturn .
There has been a huge property boom , with many grand old villas being replaced by luxury apartment blocks .
But building work is beginning to grind to a halt .
One estate agent told me that prices were down 20 % from their peak .
Hundreds of thousands of apartments are reported to be lying empty .
" We are in a recession .
No - one wants to buy .
Demand is very low and there are many properties for sale , " said the agent , Alireza Jahan .
No -one will have too much sympathy for Iran 's property elite .
And most Iranians will be delighted at falling rents and property prices .
For them , life has been tough for as long as they can remember , with high inflation and unemployment .
Social trouble
The president could be unable to give out money during campaigning
But this decline in the value of property could be the first sign of a wider economic downturn that could have important social and political implications for Iran .
Mr Leylaz spelt out what low oil prices could mean to Iran and its government : " It means more liquidity , and more economic problems , more inflation .
A worse social gap , and social troubles for the country . "
For Mr Ahmadinejad , there is the serious possibility of the money running low , just as he runs for re-election - in a vote expected to be next June .
If there is no cash left to distribute , the fervour of his supporters could be severely tested .
And if oil prices do hit rock bottom , that could also change the international picture .
Until now , one of the biggest constraints on the West , as it challenges Iran , has been the danger of pushing oil prices through the roof .
Without that problem , many new possibilities open .
All of this will take some months to play out .
For the moment , the money is still coming in , and Iran 's rulers can enjoy watching the world demoralised and distracted .
But however much the Ayatollahs celebrate the downfall of global capitalism , it could yet be that capitalism , eventually , bites back .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
Mr. Gibson , who sat back in his chair , impatiently wriggling his foot , had the skeptical , annoyed tone of a university president who agrees to interview the daughter of a trustee but does n’t believe she merits admission .
Image Charles Gibson of ABC interviewed Gov. Sarah Palin in Alaska .
The first part aired Thursday on  World News .  Credit ...
Donna Svennevik / ABC
When he asked her , slowly and solemnly to “ look the country in the eye ” and say whether she truly felt qualified to be vice president and possibly commander in chief , Mr. Gibson seemed to expect Ms. Palin to express at least a moment of humility and self - doubt .
Ms. Palin said she had no doubts when asked to be Senator John McCain ’s running mate .
( “ I answered him yes because I have the confidence in that readiness and knowing that you ca n’t blink .
You have to be wired in a way of being so committed to the mission , the mission that we ’re on , reform of this country and victory in the war , you ca n’t blink . ” )
Mr. Gibson suggested that her brash , unwavering confidence sounded like “ hubris . ”
That first portion of ABC ’s three - part interview , broadcast on “ World News , ” was meaty , touching on Iraq , Israel and Russia and her Christian faith , but it is unlikely to end the debate about her qualifications or the Republican complaints about news media bias and sexism .
Mostly , it supplied all sides with fresh material .
It was the first real test of Ms. Palin ’s ability to handle questions about foreign and domestic policy , but almost as much of a challenge for Mr. Gibson .
The McCain campaign chose him for the interview partly because he is seen as courteous , mild - mannered and unlikely to play “ gotcha ” with such an important “ get . ”
His was a tricky course to navigate .
If Mr. Gibson were too soft , Democrats would accuse him of being afraid of the Republican news - media - bashing machine , which has been scouring the press and Senator Barack Obama ’s speeches for any hint of sexism or elitism .
If his questions were too tough , he would be very likely to stir up charges of sexism or elitism .
While his questions were trenchant , they were fair game ; he was careful in the first day of interviews not to ask anything too frivolous ( there were no questions about lipstick , pigs or juggling family and career ) .
But his attitude was at times supercilious :
He asked if a nuclear Iran posed an “ existential threat ” to Israel , as if it were the land of Sartre , not Sabras .
By Charles Krauthammer - October 3 , 2008
WASHINGTON -- Krauthammer 's Hail Mary Rule :
You get only two per game .
John McCain , unfortunately , has already thrown three .
The first was his bet on the surge , a deep pass to David Petraeus who miraculously ran it all the way into the end zone .
Then , seeking a game - changer after the Democratic convention , McCain threw blind into the end zone to a waiting Sarah Palin .
She caught the ball .
Her subsequent fumbles have taken the sheen off of that play , but she nonetheless invaluably solidifies his Republican base .
When the financial crisis hit , McCain went razzle - dazzle again , suspending his campaign and declaring he'd stay away from the first presidential debate until the financial crisis was solved .
He tempted fate one time too many .
After climbing up on his high horse , McCain had to climb down .
The crisis unresolved , he showed up at the debate regardless , rather abjectly conceding Obama 's mocking retort that presidential candidates should be able to do " more than one thing at once . "
( Although McCain might have pointed out that while he was trying to do two things , Obama was sitting on the sidelines doing one thing only : campaigning . )
You can't blame McCain .
In an election in which all the fundamentals are working for the opposition , he feels he has to keep throwing long in order to keep hope alive .
Nonetheless , his frenetic improvisation has perversely ( for him ) framed the rookie challenger favorably as calm , steady and cool .
In the primary campaign , Obama was cool as in hip .
Now Obama is cool as in collected .
He has the discipline to let slow and steady carry him to victory .
He has not at all distinguished himself in this economic crisis -- nor , one might add , in any other during his national career -- but detachment has served him well .
He understands that this election , like the election of 1980 , demands only one thing of the challenger : Make yourself acceptable .
Once Ronald Reagan convinced America that he was not menacing , he won in a landslide .
If Obama convinces the electorate he is not too exotic or green or unprepared , he wins as well .
When after the Republican convention Obama 's poll numbers momentarily slipped behind McCain's , panicked Democrats urged him to get mad .
He did precisely the opposite .
He got calm .
He repositioned himself as ordinary , becoming the earnest factory - floor , coffee - shop , union - hall candidate .
In doing so , he continues his clever convention - speech pivot from primary to general election .
In a crowded primary field in which he was the newcomer and the stranger , he rose above the crowd on pure special effects : dazzling rhetoric , natural charisma and a magic carpet ride of transcendence and hope .
It worked for two reasons : Democrats believe that nonsense , and he was new .
But now he needs more than Democrats .
And novelty fades .
Obama understood that the magic was wearing off and the audacity of hope wearing thin .
Hence the self - denial perfectly personified in his acceptance speech in Denver .
He could have had 80,000 people in rapture .
Instead , he made himself prosaic , even pedestrian , going right to the general election audience to project himself as one of them .
Ordinariness was the theme .
His self - told life story ?
Common man , hence that brazen introductory biopic that shamelessly skipped from Hawaii grade - schooler to Chicago community organizer with not a word about Columbia and Harvard .
His riff on American concerns ?
All middle - class anxieties .
His list of programs ?
All pitched as his middle - class remedies .
He 's been moderate in policy and temper ever since .
His one goal : Pass the Reagan ' 80 threshold .
Be acceptable , be cool , be reassuring .
Part of reassurance is intellectual .
Like Palin , he 's a rookie , but in his 19 months on the national stage he has achieved fluency in areas in which he has no experience .
In the foreign policy debate with McCain , as in his July news conference with French President Nicolas Sarkozy , Obama held his own -- fluid , familiar , and therefore plausibly presidential .
Oliver Wendell Holmes Jr. famously said of Franklin Roosevelt that he had a " second - class intellect , but a first - class temperament . "
Obama has shown that he is a man of limited experience , questionable convictions , deeply troubling associations ( Jeremiah Wright , William Ayers , Tony Rezko ) and an alarming lack of self - definition -- do you really know who he is and what he believes ?
Nonetheless , he 's got both a first - class intellect and a first - class temperament .
That will likely be enough to make him president .
( Photo courtesy The Improper )
Republican VP candidate Sarah Palin has been a treasure trove of highlights .
Charges of Socialism , Communism and terrorism on the campaign trail have transformed her into the walking , talking poster child for failed Republican policies and talking points -- not to mention one of the biggest jokes in American political history .
According to the AP's Beth Fouhy , Sarah Palin 's attempt at an energy policy speech in front of workers at a solar energy plant in Toledo , Ohio Wednesday did n't go over too well .
Gee ... I wonder why ?
TOLEDO , Ohio ( AP ) — Republican vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin on Wednesday called for a " clean break " from the Bush administration 's energy policies , which she says rely too much on importing foreign oil .
Palin spoke after touring Xunlight Corp. , one of a handful of solar technology startup companies in Toledo , a struggling industrial city in this swing state .
The city 's leaders are hoping that the solar companies will create jobs to replace some of those lost by downsizing in the auto industry .
A former high school teacher , I 'm currently a part - time writer / full - time doctoral student at the University of St. Thomas in the Twin Cities , studying leadership in education from a critical pedagogy perspective along with public policy .
On the green side , I 'm interested in local food and agriculture ( Iowa girl , born and raised ) , sustainability education , DIY projects , and grassroots activism .
I 'm slowly turning my South City , St Louis home into an urban farmstead .
On the hoping - to - be - greener side , I love reading , yoga , soccer , music , backpacking , knitting , pop culture and trivia , my Tuesday Night Dinner Club , traveling , Guitar Hero , dive bars , and sitting on front porches with my husband and a cold beer .
I came to Green Options via a post on Sustainablog , working the St Louis angle to get Jeff to let me in .
I have a personal blog chronicling ( what else ? ) life in South St. Louis .
Follow me on Twitter !
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Former Republican Sen. Phil Gramm said Friday that he is stepping down as co-chairman of Sen.
John McCain 's presidential campaign amid criticism for saying last week that " we have sort of become a nation of whiners . "
Phil Gramm , left , said his comments have become a " distraction " for Sen.
John McCain 's campaign .
Gramm on Friday said he would " join the growing number of rank - and - file McCain supporters . "
Democrats blasted Gramm for the comments , made in a Washington Times interview published July 10 , and McCain forcefully repudiated the remarks .
In a written statement released Friday , Gramm said his comments had become a distraction for McCain .
" It is clear to me that Democrats want to attack me rather than debate Senator McCain on important economic issues facing the country , " Gramm said .
" That kind of distraction hurts not only Senator McCain 's ability to present concrete programs to deal with the country 's problems , it hurts the country . "
Gramm , who advised presumed Republican nominee McCain on economic matters , made the controversial comments while discussing the economy .
" We have sort of become a nation of whiners .
You just hear this constant whining , complaining about a loss of competitiveness , America in decline , " the former Texas senator said .
Watch Gramm explain his comments »
" You 've heard of mental depression ; this is a mental recession . "
McCain responded that day to the comments saying during a campaign stop : " I believe that the person here in Michigan who just lost his job is n't suffering from a mental recession .
I believe the mother here in Michigan or around America who 's trying to get enough money to educate their children is n't whining . "
A day after making the comments , Gramm said he was referring to America 's leaders , not the public .
He stood behind the " mental recession " comment , though , saying , " we do n't have measured negative growth .
That 's a fact ; that 's not a commentary . "
McCain's Democratic rival , Sen. Barack Obama , said Friday that news of Gramm stepping down makes little difference .
" The question for John McCain is n't whether Phil Gramm will continue as chairman of his campaign but whether he will continue to keep the economic plan that Gramm authored and that represents a continuation of the polices that have failed American families for the last eight years , " Obama campaign spokesman Hari Sevugan said .
Obama had been quick to jump on Gramm 's comments last week , saying Americans need more than " psychological relief . "
" I think it 's time we had a president who does n't deny our problems or blame the American people for them but takes responsibility and provides the leadership to solve them , " Obama said at a Virginia rally shortly after the comments were reported .
" That 's the kind of president I will be . "
All About John McCain • U.S. Presidential Election
The tenth - floor kitchen at this office has no fewer than ten of these painstakingly laminated , clip - art - covered notes — and our anonymous submitter says this kitchen is only the tip of the iceberg .
“ Nearly all of the notes in our office receive the same attention to detail , ” our submitter says .
“ Every time I come to work I have to remind myself that I ’m not in a cartoon fairy - tale land of fun . ”
related :
It takes a “ genius ” to come up with a potluck theme like this one
SOCCER moms and Joe Sixpacks , listen up .
Get your beer , mooseburgers and caribou dips ready .
Sarah Palin is doing “ Saturday Night Live . ” Not Tina Fey doing Sarah Palin doing “ Saturday Night Live . ”
But the Sarah Herself .
She has already OK ’d it .
She ’s booked .
It ’s confirmed .
Done deal .
Sketches are being sketched as we speak .
She – eyeglasses , haircomb , designer jacket and trunkful of gosh - darns , golly - gees and gol - dangs – will be on “ SNL ” Saturday night , Oct. 25 .
Sarah ’s rehearsal time has already been penciled in for Friday the 24th .
And it ’s because she wants to do it .
So , my question is : Does this mean Tina Fey has plans to run for VP ?
SINCE OJ ‘s aborted Vegas heist , arrest , trial and conviction , I have written about celebrity memorabilia dealer Thomas Riccio , the centerpiece of this deal .
We met years ago when he peddled Anna Nicole Smith ’s diaries .
From the Social Register , he is n’t .
But , guess what , he feels sorry for BSOJ .
“ He ’s no personal friend .
I hardly know him .
We just did two deals together .
And this whole Vegas thing took only 10 hours of my life .
“ What I ’m saying is n’t popular , ” he told me .
“ Even my mother says OJ got what ’s coming to him .
Look , the world wanted him , and the world got him .
Congratulations to the world .
What happened 13 years ago , I do n’t know .
I was n’t there .
I only know he does n’t deserve 8,000 years plus double life for this .
I ’ve been in prison .
I know what it ’s like .
“ Not like he actually planned an armed robbery .
He was just stupid .
I told him in front , ‘ Have security next door monitoring what goes down because . . . who knows . . .’
And he said , ‘ No , I got my own guys with me .
It ’s OK . ’
It ’s his guys did him in .
They set him up .
They even had a video camera on him so they could sell it afterwards .
And he covered for them , lied to cops , because these thugs were his friends .
“ Another thing .
Simply saying , ‘ No one leaves the room until we get this figured out ’ constitutes kidnapping in Nevada .
That automatically gets you life .
“ This OJ publicity hurt my business .
I had to sell my auction house to my partner because right now nobody wanted to work with me .
And forget an appeal .
Even if OJ had 87 different grounds , anybody who ’d hear an appeal could kiss a career goodbye .
The hate for him is such that if Satan came up from hell and sat on your lap , it would n’t be as bad as doing business with OJ .
“ Listen , they wanted to get him , so they got him .
I ’m impartial .
I ’m only saying this he did n’t deserve .
But 98 percent of the people want him put away forever .
Everyone hates him .
My own mother hates him and says he deserves it . ”
Me , too .
So do n’t cry for Argentina or scumbag pig Simpson .
PEOPLE smarter than I say that , since McCain needs to pull another trick , he could show what he ’s doing to heal our dying economy .
Announce a panel of doctors – like Bloomberg , who knows how to run a big operation , Giuliani , who knows from smoking out Wall Streeters , rich businessman Ken Langone , who knows how to fight . . .
Just repeating what I ’m hearing .
I now report how I watched this week ’s presidential debate .
Nazalene , my Indian housekeeper of 11 years , had made lamb curry .
One bone and out went my front tooth .
A hole the size of the Lincoln Tunnel .
My dentist Dr. Marc Lazare was on the island .
Knowing he once did an emergency session in Liza Minnelli‘s own bathroom , remembering he once flew somewhere to help Gina Lollobrigida , I called .
Late at night , as Obama was again telling us , “ Let ’s make one thing perfectly clear , ” the doc drove back to his 74th and Park office .
At 10 p.m. , this creature whose smile looked like something out of the Ozarks was under novocaine .
I am suggesting sainthood for Dr. Marc Lazare .
PREACHER : “ Do you take this man for richer or poorer ? ” New York bride : “ I ’ll take richer . ” . . .
Yesterday the Times announced Oliver Platt will be in the revival of “ Guys and Dolls . ” I announced it Sept. 24 . . .
So how much sleep do we get ?
Jay McInerney : “ Five hours .
I ’ve been an insomniac since I was 6 . ” Tucker Carlson : “ I do a mental exercise in bed .
I build the ultimate cabin .
Every nail .
Every wire .
It relaxes you . ”
Tom Wolfe : “ Six and a half hours .
And sip an espresso before I go to bed .
The warmth goes through my body . ” . . .
Ed Koch : “ I go to sleep midnight and get up at 5 , about two minutes before the alarm goes off .
I can sleep on a wood floor or iron rail , so I take catnaps during the day . ” . . . Kevin Bacon : “ Kyra ( Sedgwick ) and I hurt ourselves by living in New York .
We ’d have different careers if we lived in LA .
It ’s a company town .
It ’s where you need to be . ”
BUTCHER shop .
Assistant , trimming fat , suddenly says to his boss , “ I ’m tired of taking orders from you , ” and points the knife at him .
The boss replies : “ Put down the knife .
You should be ashamed of yourself , ” then immediately turns to his customers and says , “ Next . ”
Only in New York , kids , only in New York .
John McCain may have put the final nail in his own coffin with his shameful lies about his support for veterans in last Friday 's debate , and during his campaign .
From the debate transcript September 25 , 2008 :
John McCain :
As far as our other issues that he brought up are concerned , I know the veterans .
I know them well .
And I know that they know that I 'll take care of them .
And I 've been proud of their support and their recognition of my service to the veterans .
And I love them .
And I 'll take care of them .
And they know that I 'll take care of them .
And that 's going to be my job .
Our own clammyc has done an informative diary cataloging John McCain 's anti-veteran votes , McCain has a long history of voting against veterans and those currently on active duty .
McCain's Voting Record
These are just three of the more recent votes , not to mention his not voting for the new GI Bill :
May 2006 : McCain voted against an amendment that would provide $ 20 million to the Department of Veterans Affairs ( VA ) for health care facilities .
April 2006 : McCain was one of only 13 Senators to vote against $ 430,000,000 for the Department of Veteran Affairs for Medical Services for outpatient care and treatment for veterans .
March 2006 : McCain voted against increasing Veterans medical services funding by $ 1.5 billion in FY 2007 to be paid for by closing corporate tax loopholes .
I come from a family of veterans from WWII , Viet Nam , Afghanistan , and Iraq .
I know first hand how they only use (d ) VA medical care as a last resort because of the poor and inadequate treatment they received in the past .
The veterans and their families know this better than anyone and many are either too ashamed or too sick to complain about how they are treated .
And they are outraged when McCain brags about how he takes care of veterans , how he has not forgotten them and how he honors them when they know better .
McCain has voted against them time and again and now he lies about his support to fraudulently gain support for his failing campaign .
My nephew served in Iraq and Afghanistan angrily talks about his lack of body armor and their lack of the proper equipment .
I did a bit of research and this press release for Veteran 's Day 2007 from the US Census bureau makes for interesting reading and I believe will seal John McCain 's fate .
Veteran's Day 2007
Who they are :
23.7 million
The number of military veterans in the United States in 2006 .
( Source : Table 505 of the upcoming Statistical Abstract of the United States : 2008 . )
Female Veterans
1.7 million
The number of female veterans in 2006 .
( Source : Table 505 of the upcoming Statistical Abstract of the United States : 2008 . )
2.4 million
The number of black veterans in 2006 .
Additionally , 1.1 million veterans are Hispanic ; 292,000 are Asian ; 169,000 are American Indian or Alaska Native ; and 28,000 are Native Hawaiian or Other Pacific Islander .
( The numbers for blacks , Asians , American Indians and Alaska Natives , and Native Hawaiians and Other Pacific Islanders cover only those reporting a single race . )
( Source : 2006 American Community Survey . )
When They Served
9.2 million
The number of veterans 65 and older in 2006 .
At the other end of the age spectrum , 1.9 million were younger than 35 .
( Source : Table 506 of the upcoming Statistical Abstract of the United States : 2008 . )
8.2 million
Number of Vietnam - era veterans .
Vietnam veterans account for more than 3 - in - 10 veterans , the largest share of any period of service .
The next largest share of wartime veterans , 4.4 million or nearly 2 - in - 10 , served during World War II .
( From the upcoming Statistical Abstract of the United States : 2004 - 2005 . )
Where They Live
6
Number of states with 1 million or more veterans in 2006 .
These states are California ( 2.2 million ) , Florida ( 1.7 million ) , Texas ( 1.7 million ) , New York ( 1.1 million ) , Pennsylvania ( 1.1 million ) and Ohio ( 1 million ) .
( Source : Table 505 of the upcoming Statistical Abstract of the United States : 2008 . )
Income and Poverty
$ 34,437
Annual median income of veterans , in 2006 inflation - adjusted dollars .
( Source : 2006 American Community Survey . )
5.9 %
Percentage of veterans living in poverty , as of 2006 .
The corresponding rate for nonveterans was 12.3 percent .
( Source : 2006 American Community Survey . )
Disabilities
6.1 million
Number of veterans with a disability .
More than half this number ( 3.5 million ) were 65 and older .
( Source : 2006 American Community Survey . )
Voting
17.4 million
Number of veterans who voted in the 2004 presidential election .
Seventy - four percent of veterans cast a ballot , compared with 63 percent of nonveterans .
( Source : Voting and Registration in the Election of November 2004 . )
McCain is alienating a potential 23.7 million person voting block , men , women , blacks and hispanics , many who live below the poverty line , who are disabled and who vote in greater numbers than the population at large .
Add their family members and the potential voting block grows larger .
McCain 's outrageous lies about his veteran 's support will most likely cost him the election .
Veterans are angry because they know first hand that McCain does not support our veterans .
If McCain loses the veteran 's votes he loses the election .
Information on mortgages and remortgages for Mortgage Practitioners
About mortgages and remortgages
Mortgage providers guide you through the maze of mortgages and insurance products and advise you of their key features .
Do beware of ' do it yourself ' mortgages and insurance products ; you do not get ' advice ' on the products and it is so easy to get it wrong !
With such important matters as to your future and that of your family you need to get it right and seeking the assistance of a professional and then receiving the ongoing service associated with it has got to be worthy of consideration !
How confident are you that your mortgage is properly protected against death , a critical illness or an accident , sickness or unemployment ?
Have you ever thought of having a ' financial health check review ' ?
Mortgage brokers provide an on going ' review service ' .
Mortgage providers are regulated by the Financial Services Authority , always check for their registered number .
They can also sspecialize in helping people who are unable to gain credit from high street lenders due to a variety of reasons .
They can also help borrowers with unusual or difficult circumstances .
If any of the high street banks or Building Societies refuse to help you with a mortgage or remortgage application due to current mortgage arrears , or other debt problems , or just find it hard to prove your income , they will be able to help .
Mortgage brokers can still find a competitive Mortgage or remortgage option to suit your circumstances .
They can sometimes have exclusive rates that are extremely competitive and can offer a range of fixed / discount or variable tracker plans .
Always remember : your home may be repossessed if you do not keep up repayments on a mortgage or loan secured upon it .
See also
Grooveshark is launching a new online music streaming service called Grooveshark Lite today that aims at creating a better all - around experience than what you 'll find on Last.fm and Pandora .
And although it has some issues , it 's a service that you 'll definitely want to check out that may make you think twice about using its competitors ' services .
If Pandora had a love child with Last.fm , its name would be Grooveshark Lite .
Grooveshark 's service lets you input an artist 's name or song and it immediately searches its bank of millions of tunes to find what you 're looking for .
Once you pick the song you want to hear first , you can click the ' Autoplay ' button afterward and Grooveshark Lite does the rest by playing songs that you might like based on your original preference .
On Pandora you can't replay a song you just listened to and are limited to the number of tracks you can skip .
But during my time with Grooveshark Lite , I was able to replay any song I wanted — it shows a cover flow of albums to trace your steps — and I skipped a slew of songs without any dialog box telling me I could n't .
On top of that , I could also decide if I liked or disliked a song , much like Pandora , so I could keep the songs for later in my queue or get rid of them entirely if they were n't so great .
Grooveshark
Lite does a fine job of finding songs that you might like and after searching for a range of artists from Dean Martin to Bob Dylan , I was extremely pleased with the ability to jump from Nat King Cole to Bruce Springsteen and back without a hitch .
And although the site is designed to let you enjoy the songs you love , but also find songs you may love and do n't even know , it 's the first that makes it extremely easy to search for and listen to all the songs you already enjoy .
But not everything Grooveshark Lite offers is great .
It 's not nearly as social as a site like Last.fm and it's lacking the kind of interaction you would normally find on Last . fm like messaging and friend monitoring .
Aside from that , Grooveshark Lite does n't create " stations " the way Pandora does .
That said , you can save any song you listen to and you can create a playlist of songs , which actually makes it easier to find your favorite songs anyway .
On top of that , it 's not hard to create a station that plays songs that are similar to your favorites — just input the name and let it go .
As much as I tried , it was hard to find faults in Grooveshark Lite .
It 's extremely well - designed and is easy enough to use for those that are tech - savvy and those that have n't seen a computer in months .
More importantly , it gives you full control over the songs you listen to in a way that 's simply unprecedented .
While using Grooveshark Lite , I decided to find some songs from every decade and add them to my Queue to be played later .
Instead of clicking my way through junky songs that may be somewhat like my favorites , I was practically a DJ and populated my Queue with a group of songs that I really enjoy .
After that , I simply let this service go and it played them one after the other .
Grooveshark
Lite also lets you buy songs through its own music downloading service .
And although it 's not nearly as user - friendly as iTunes or Amazon 's MP3 service , which makes it extremely easy to search and find songs , it does the trick .
After enjoying a song , you can click the " Buy This Song " link on the right pane of the page and it brings you to Grooveshark 's store , which then allows you to buy the song in seconds .
When I first heard about Grooveshark Lite , I was skeptical of how useful it was .
Was n't it just jumping into a pond that 's already dominated by companies that have left little room for improvement ?
But after spending some time with this service and getting a feel for just how well it 's designed and implemented , it became quickly apparent that being late to the game is n't such a bad thing after all .
In my opinion , Grooveshark Lite is better than both Pandora and Last.fm and it's one of the most exciting and entertaining services I 've used in a while .
And for someone like me who does n't tend to like too many new offerings , that 's saying a lot .
On the campaign trail , one of the earmarks that John McCain often made fun of was a request from Montana to study the DNA of bears .
McCain would quip “ I do n’t know if that was a paternity issue or a criminal issue . ”
But if you look in Palin ’s earmark requests for the upcoming year , you will find a request to study the DNA of harbor seals .
Does McCain think the paternity of seals is more important , or does he just harbor a grudge against bears ?
Just to make this even more hypocritical , Palin also requested money for a study of the mating habits of crabs .
And I thought that Palin opposed sex education !
From Our Republic .
Maybe we have missed the real story here , and that is that McCain just is n’t very bright – not knowing what the committee you were on for a dozen years does would certainly lead me to wonder .
And it would certainly explain all of his gaffes ( Sunna v. Shia and so forth ) , his decision that Palin is his soul mate , and so on .
It would not be the first time that someone got all the way to the top on the back of a compelling life story and the force of personality .
To be honest , I never considered previously that McCain just might not be very smart , but there is some compelling evidence from the past few months to suggest that is the case .
try : import readline #
For readline input support except : pass import sys , os , traceback , signal , codeop , cStringIO , cPickle , tempfile def pipename ( pid ) : " " " Return name of pipe to use " " " return os .
path .
join ( tempfile . gettempdir ( ) , ' debug - %d ' % pid ) class NamedPipe ( object ) : def __init__ ( self , name , end = 0 , mode = 0666 ) : " " " Open a pair of pipes , name .
in and name . out for communication with another process .
One process should pass 1 for end , and the other 0 . Data is marshalled with pickle . " " " self .
in_name , self .
out_name = name + '.in ' , name + '. out ' , try : os .
mkfifo ( self .
in_name , mode ) except OSError : pass try : os .
mkfifo ( self .
out_name , mode ) except OSError : pass # NOTE :
The order the ends are opened in is important - both ends # of pipe 1 must be opened before the second pipe can be opened .
if end : self .
inp = open ( self .
out_name , 'r ' ) self .
out = open ( self .
in_name , ' w ' ) else : self .
out = open ( self .
out_name , ' w ' ) self .
inp = open ( self .
in_name , 'r ' ) self .
_open =
True def is_open ( self ) : return not ( self .
inp .
closed or self .
out .
closed ) def put ( self , msg ) : if self . is_open ( ) : data = cPickle . dumps ( msg , 1 ) self .
out .
write ( " %d
" % len ( data ) ) self .
out .
write ( data ) self .
out .
flush ( ) else : raise Exception ( " Pipe closed " ) def get ( self ) : txt = self .
inp . readline ( ) if not txt : self .
inp . close ( ) else : l = int ( txt ) data = self .
inp . read ( l ) if len ( data ) < l : self .
inp . close ( ) return cPickle .
loads ( data ) # Convert back to python object .
def close ( self ) : self .
inp . close ( ) self .
out .
close ( ) try : os .
remove ( self .
in_name ) except OSError : pass try : os .
remove ( self .
out_name ) except OSError : pass def __del__ ( self ) : self .
close ( ) def remote_debug ( sig , frame ) : " " " Handler to allow process to be remotely debugged . " " " def _raiseEx ( ex ) : " " " Raise specified exception in the remote process " " " _raiseEx .
ex = ex _raiseEx .
ex = None try : # Provide some useful functions .
locs = { ' _raiseEx ' : _raiseEx } locs .
update ( frame .
f_locals ) # Unless shadowed .
globs = frame .
f_globals pid = os .
getpid ( ) #
Use pipe name based on pid pipe = NamedPipe ( pipename ( pid ) ) old_stdout , old_stderr = sys .
stdout , sys .
stderr txt = '' pipe .
put ( " Interrupting process at following point :
" + '' . join ( traceback .
format_stack ( frame ) ) + " >>> " ) try : while pipe . is_open ( ) and _raiseEx .
ex is None : line = pipe . get ( ) if line is None : continue # EOF txt += line try : code = codeop .
compile_command ( txt ) if code : sys . stdout = cStringIO . StringIO ( ) sys .
stderr = sys .
stdout exec code in globs , locs txt = '' pipe .
put ( sys .
stdout .
getvalue ( ) + '>>> ' ) else : pipe .
put ( '... ' ) except : txt = '' #
May be syntax err. sys .
stdout = cStringIO . StringIO ( ) sys .
stderr = sys .
stdout traceback .
print_exc ( ) pipe .
put ( sys .
stdout .
getvalue ( ) + '>>> ' ) finally : sys .
stdout = old_stdout # Restore redirected output .
sys .
stderr = old_stderr pipe .
close ( ) except Exception : #
Do n't allow debug exceptions to propogate to real program .
traceback . print_exc ( ) if _raiseEx .
ex is not None : raise _raiseEx .
ex def debug_process ( pid ) : " " " Interrupt a running process and debug it . " " " os .
kill ( pid , signal .
SIGUSR1 ) # Signal process .
pipe = NamedPipe ( pipename ( pid ) , 1 ) try : while pipe . is_open ( ) : txt = raw_input ( pipe . get ( ) ) + '
' pipe . put ( txt ) except EOFError : pass # Exit. pipe .
close ( ) def listen ( ) : signal .
signal ( signal .
SIGUSR1 , remote_debug ) # Register for remote debugging .
if __name__ == ' __main__ ' : if len ( sys .
argv ) != 2 : print " Error : Must provide process id to debug " else : pid = int ( sys . argv [ 1 ] ) debug_process ( pid )
GENEVA ( Reuters ) - The United States is ready to cut its ceiling for trade - distorting farm subsidies to $ 15 billion a year to help unblock talks for a global trade deal , U.S. Trade Representative Susan Schwab said on Tuesday .
The long - awaited offer was contingent on other partners at the World Trade Organization making offers to open up their markets for agricultural and industrial goods , Schwab said .
The United States currently has a limit on subsidies which stands at more than $ 48 billion , although actual payments last year were only around $ 7 billion because soaring food prices meant U.S. farmers were in less need of support .
“ This is a major move , taken in good faith with the expectation that others will reciprocate and step forward with improved offers in market access , ” she told reporters .
“ These cuts will deliver effective and significant reductions in trade - distorting domestic market support . ”
The United States has come under pressure to announce a ceiling for its farm subsidies , a key part of the WTO ’s long - delayed Doha round of negotiations for a global trade deal .
Developing countries say high U.S. subsidies squeeze their farmers out of the market , reducing food supplies and contributing to the recent spike in prices .
Schwab was speaking to reporters on the second day of a week of talks at the WTO in Geneva to seek a breakthrough on core elements of a Doha deal .
She said actual subsidy payments by the United States had been above $ 15 billion a year in seven of the last 10 years during which period the average payout was about $ 17 billion , showing the current offer represented a cut over the decade .
Schwab also said the U.S. offer was contingent on other WTO countries agreeing not to take legal action to get further cuts to U.S. subsidy levels .
Band aid Politics leads
America into becoming a Third World Nation
By D’Anne Burley
Housing and Market Crisis
We need to Speak out now
Catherine Austin Fitts , served as managing director and member of the board of directors of the Wall Street investment bank Dillon , Read & Co. Inc .
As Assistant Secretary of Housing / Federal Housing Commissioner at the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development in the first Bush Administration , and as the president of Hamilton Securities Group , Inc. , an investment banker and financial software developer , she knew about the theft within HUD years ago which was impacting public housing .
In the 80’s HUD properties which DID NOT EXIST on paper , in reality were given lots of money for repairs .
The only issue was that the property was there indeed , but no Public Housing existed on those sites !
Instead of a federally funded property with housing on the grounds for the poor , the property was on a vacant lot , and was used to create financial shells .
The Federal Government paid to fix equipment and apartment (s ) via privately held shell businesses which received Government contracts via HUD to do the work .
Money out , money gone , but the poor received nothing .
The tax payers paid for this nightmare .
Poor families lost children and loved ones who stepped onto elevators which never arrived to their floor , and without looking they fell to their deaths due to non-working equipment .
This was massive contract fraud and corruption .
Was this money ever repaid to the system ?
The issue of Real Estate , Housing and Mortgage Banking fraud began years ago and many watched from the inside with horror .
The Mortgage guy and gal who were just attempting to do a service as the middleman in these loans were placed at risk .
The consumers needed affordable housing growth .
The condo scare was on , whereby many available rentals were converting over night .
Renters with moderate incomes were being forced to purchase homes due to condo conversions , and housing availability in good areas .
Then the conventional Mortgage Loan Market Place opened up to the subprime market .
In the beginning you still had to have 20 % down and at least a 560 credit score .
Many of the banks required you to pay off your credit card debt prior to purchase .
Then as time passed the requirement got weaker and weaker for consumer credit guidelines .
In the mid 90 ’s the interest only program came out whereby loans were being done with the interest being 1,2,3 % and very little being paid onto the principle .
Properties were assessed within future value appraisals which no one speaks of today .
I know about these loans , because I was in the Mortgage Industry and was a Director of a Gold Coast Mortgage LLC .
Money was being made .
Greed factors were present .
The real estate market became a playground for developers and others getting your mother ’s and father ’s property for $ 200 - 300 k which they had originally purchased 20 years earlier for under $ 50 k .
The $ 50 k homes were being replaced by $ 500 k to 1 million dollar properties which offered up a large bank roll for all involved .
For everybody except the consumer who is now the fall guy in the mortgage mess .
The game was to State Your Income on the Mortgage Application called the 1003 .
The consumer stated what they made in earnings , which was in many cases certified by CPAs .
The game was to get the income bumped up so they could qualify for these new lending products .
The consumer was not really aware of the money owed on the loan and how the adjustment worked after the loan was granted , or that it would be adjusted based upon being on an arm and that the adjustment figure would cause the loans to go from , for example , a 3 % interest rate to maybe 6 or 10 % .
The increase added more to the mortgage payment as well as making it hard for many to pay back the debt to the bank !
This meant that you had nothing built in to pull from if there was a crisis .
No equity .
The appraised value was on future values of property within your area , and you paid nothing into the principle of the loan .
Your monthly payment mostly went directly into interest !
The money was flowing in and out of the hands of the people within the banking industries and your property was being sold to security firms who held onto the paper making more and more money off your new debt .
Those who owned property were no more than just glorified renters .
The secondary market had the homes , they held your paper , and served your debt , and this is where Freddie Mac and the other entire Mac businesses made there money when your loan defaulted .
There was a value to your home on resale within the secondary market , if the home was foreclosed on then .
But today they claim they cannot determine the value of these properties .
The consumers are left on the doorsteps of the court house faced with administrative judgments known as " Summary Judgments " whereby you are already guilty of something .
You cannot argue your case before the court because within this type of judgment the contract has determined , prior to your case , that you defaulted in payment , therefore failure to pay doomed your basic rights to fight your case .
A few weeks ago I visited a Chicago courthouse and saw 3 paralegals with at least 40 cases a piece on their desks , all within this hearing of just one courtroom calendar hour .
That means , 120 people lost they ’re homes in 60 minutes .
Only three people , home owners , came to attempt to get some rights within the system .
Because they had no money to fight with due to the loss of a job , lack of income and / or being in a home they could never have afforded , the judge granted them between 30 - 60 days to vacate .
They were being evicted on to the streets .
These people are Americans , middle class , the people who work everyday just getting by in today ’s economy .
They have children who are now being thrust into becoming the poor over night .
Next Page 1 | 2 | 3
( Note : You can view every article as one long page if you sign up as an Advocate Member , or higher ) .
In principle , dalits should be treated equally but in practice they are not
Hundreds of thousands of people are still homeless after floods hit the Indian state of Bihar last month .
Some of the victims face the additional hardships that come from being members of the low caste dalit community .
Rajan Khosla of the charity Christian
Aid has been meeting some of them in the village of Mirzawaa , where 500 families live in temporary shelters .
" Let me be born again as an animal rather than as a harijan ( dalit ) .
We face more humiliation than they , " says Tetar Rishidev , a dalit from Mirzawaa village , in the district of Supaul .
After the floods in Bihar millions of people lost their homes , belongings and even family members .
But for the dalits of Bihar there is further misery : the caste system .
In Mirzawaa village , Sakal Sadah is a dalit .
Today - unusually - he is happy .
There is a food distribution and his family will get food .
His children have been surviving on some leftover rice once in a day .
Sakal Sadah is a landless agriculture labourer and earns about 40 rupees ( 80 cents ) for a 12 - hour day .
Sakal Sadah works hard for little food Now he 's worried : " Where will I get work now ?
Everywhere is water .
No one is going to employ me , I am a harijan . "
Hundreds of dalit families are in the same situation as Sakal : they have been hardest hit by the Bihar floods .
In this emergency , when everyone should be provided with food , certain groups are denied access .
The plight of these communities in remote , rural areas is very serious - especially in the feudal state of Bihar .
They cling to the little they have .
Many families have left behind one male member to keep an eye on their house and belongings .
Segregated society Asdev Sadah , an elderly dalit , stayed behind to guard the house of his upper caste employer .
" I used to work in their fields , " he said .
" They wanted me to watch their house and belongings .
I have to listen to them .
They will provide my family food and work once they come back .
Many have been left with nothing after the floods " I have nothing left in my house - because it was made of mud it has already collapsed .
My malik's ( employer 's ) house is strong and they have stuff kept inside . "
It seems a strange sort of society where an old man stays back , without food or shelter , taking numerous risks to guard the house of his feudal lord .
But Asdev no doubt knows full well that in this segregated society , there is no other support system for him and his family .
The relief camp in Sabela School in Madhepura is run by one of Christian Aid 's partner organisations who are doing all they can to help .
It was set up because organisers knew there were many dalit villages in the area .
I met Jamuna Devi and Puliya Musamaar here .
For many it has become a question of survival
They told me that they were not allowed to use the hand pump to get water as it belonged to upper caste people .
The same upper caste people also asked the camp organisers to move displaced people away because as dalits they would contaminate the entire place .
Their request was refused .
" When will people understand we are also human beings ? " Puliya asked .
" We need food and water , our children also feel hungry . "
I asked one of the aid agencies running another relief camp whether they would have a dalit cook .
Their response was negative .
They felt that not everyone would eat food cooked by dalits .
Christian Aid and its partner organisations are including two dalits in the cooking teams in the relief camps they run - thus ensuring that they are not excluded .
Everyone needs food in this crisis situation , so why should people like Sakal Sadah , Jamuna Devi and Puliya Musamaar be so discriminated against ?
And if Asdev Sadah can work in the fields and loyally guard the house of his higher - caste employee , then why people should refuse to eat food cooked by them ?
We have to challenge the system .
I know the problem is gigantic .
But efforts need to be made .
Each one of us has to make a step forward .
Another aid agency working in this area assured me that they tried to treat displaced people equally .
The critical point is that while equality may be an accepted philosophy it can only happen once people also agree in practice to be equals .
Equality means that all people should get food and their rights and dignity are respected .
But flooding and discrimination seem to have taken those rights away .
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
A woman who refused medical treatment for her son on religious grounds has pleaded guilty to manslaughter .
The woman , who cannot be named , admitted in the NSW Supreme Court this morning to unlawfully killing her four year - old son on August 28 , 2003 .
The woman 's husband was charged with manslaughter but he died in January after suffering a heart attack .
He had been a minister in Sydney 's south - west .
Summer of ’08 : Song Girls get wet in Tahoe
Somehow , someway these photos , published back in August , slipped past Busted Coverage Photo Editor Big Gay Rich .
He has been properly reprimanded and told to never let it happen again or he ’ll be back on Craigslist cruising for a job in this terrible market .
Good luck fat ass .
Anyway , these photos come from the yearly USC Song Girls & Marching Band trip to Tahoe to frolic in the surf and get each other wet .
It ’s probably for team building .
For male band members it ’s a gift from God .
There are 4 instances they will never forget : freshman , sophomore , junior and senior years at Tahoe watching the Song Girls in those wet sweaters .
[ Hire The Song Girls ]
[ Song Girls Get Wet Circa 2007 ]
[ Photo Credit ]
LucasArts producer Cameron Suey has claimed that over - excitement with the licence and lack of ambition are to blame for previous lacklustre internal Star Wars titles - but insists the studio has delivered with The Force Unleashed .
Speaking to Eurogamer TV at GC 2008 , ahead of the game 's release later this month , Suey explained that , because Star Wars is " such a great licence " , it 's " really easy to get excited about that and not set the bar high enough . "
That would explain the Episode III : Revenge of the Sith game , then .
And Bounty Hunter .
And Obi-Wan .
However , Suey reckons that with PS3 and 360 adventure The Force Unleashed , LucasArts has finally " really fulfilled the high bar we set for ourselves . "
He added : " There are so many people that care so much about Star Wars that we have to let them set that bar .
And rightly so ; they 're going to set it very high - with this game we really have passed that bar .
" It was very important to us that this is not just a throwaway product with the Star Wars licence . "
The Force Unleashed is set between the events of Revenge of The Sith and A New Hope , and the journey of Darth Vader 's secret apprentice , we 're told , boasts major revelations that will shock fans .
" It 's really going to change the way people look at the movies that come after it , " Suey explained .
" It 's really going to change their understanding of some of those big moments . "
The Force Unleashed is out on PS3 and 360 on 19th September , so we 'll find out soon enough whether this really is a Star Wars game to savour .
Meanwhile , you can see more of the exclusive interview with Suey over on Eurogamer TV .
Democratic presidential nominee Senator Barack Obama ( D - IL ) makes a statement to the press about his campaign following a telephone conversation with his opponent , Republican Senator John McCain , in Clearwater , Florida , September 24 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Jason Reed
CLEARWATER , Florida ( Reuters ) - Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama said on Thursday Congressional leaders had made progress on a financial rescue package and “ appear close to a deal . ”
“ Now is the time to come together , Democrats and Republicans , in a spirit of cooperation on behalf of the American people , ” Obama said before he left Florida to return to Washington for a White House meeting with President George W. Bush , John McCain , his Republican rival in the November 4 election , and members of Congress .
“ Congressional leaders have made progress in their negotiations and appear close to a deal , ” Obama said by video linkup to a conference in New York .
It was recently reported that during an interview , John McCain stated that he wanted to make sure the best minds were in positions in the government , and went on to say that there will definitely be Democrats in his cabinet ...
The problem was actually that McCain was confused and was actually stating that he will be taking plenty of vitamins to make sure his mind is sharp and that there will be plenty of Geritol in his medicine cabinet , poor old man is losing it .
Do n't worry Mr. McCain , the home they are speaking of is not actually the White House ... but at least there will be plenty of people there to help you ..
REST , I just do n't get it
As the guy who created CouchDB , I should be a big cheerleader for RESTful architectures .
But the truth is , I just do n't get it .
For CouchDB , REST makes absolutely insanely perfect sense .
Read a document , edit , put the document back .
Beautiful .
But for most applications , enterprise or not , I do n't see what the big win is .
I know what is wrong with SOAP , and it has everything to do with unnecessary complexity and solving the same problems twice .
But what is the big advantage of making all your calls into GET PUT and DELETE ?
If POST can handle everything you need , then what 's the problem ?
I guess what I mean to say is just because SOAP is a disaster , does n't somehow make REST the answer .
Simpler is better , and REST is generally simpler than SOAP .
But there is nothing wrong with a plain old POST as an RPC call .
If its easy to make all your calls conform to the RESTful verb architecture , then that 's good , I guess .
But if not , then just use a POST as an RPC call , keep it as simple as possible and be done with it .
And do n't spend another minute worrying about being RESTful or not .
Posted August 14 , 2008 9:04 PM
DESERT HOT SPRINGS , Calif .  Solar power , with its promise of emissions - free renewable energy , boasts a growing number of fans .
Some of them , it turns out , are thieves .
Just ask Glenda Hoffman , whose fury has not abated since 16 solar panels vanished from her roof in this sun-baked town in three separate burglaries in May , sometimes as she slept .
She is ready if the criminals turn up again .
“ I have a shotgun right next to the bed and a .22 under my pillow , ” Ms. Hoffman said .
Police departments in California  the biggest market for solar power , with more than 33,000 installations  are seeing a rash of such burglaries , though nobody compiles overall statistics .
Investigators do not believe the thieves are acting out of concern for their carbon footprints .
Rather , authorities assume that many panels make their way to unwitting homeowners , sometimes via the Internet .
Technical blog on the Python programming language , in a pure Frenglish style .
Main topics are Python and Mozilla – This blog does not engage my employer
House GOP ' bewildered ' by financial crisis Nick Juliano
Published : Monday September 22 , 2008
Print This Email This
It 's been a confusing few days as conservative Republicans who support big business , tout the free market and decry big government intervention have watched a GOP administration propose a massive government intervention to prevent business collapses that could shatter the market .
A $ 700 billion bailout package is causing plenty of consternation for the minority party on Capitol Hill , which seems to be facing competing pressures from its political and ideological interests .
Roll Call lays out Republicans ' woes in a subscription - only report Monday .
Last weeks deepening financial crisis and the string of bailouts engineered by Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson and Federal Reserve Chairman Ben Bernanke left Republicans bewildered , whipsawed and divided over how to respond .
The paper 's Steven T. Dennis outlines some of the rhetorical somersaults and near - instantaneous flip - flops that have marked prominent Republicans ' attempts to address the crisis .
For example , House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - OH ) went from rallying against " more federal involvement in our markets " to supporting an $ 85 billion bailout of insurer AIG within just a few hours , Dennis reports .
By week 's end he was backing the administration 's wider bailout plan .
Boehners turnaround matched that of GOP presidential nominee Sen. John McCain ( Ariz . ) , who said  the fundamentals of the economy are strong on Monday and then spent the rest of the week scrambling to get ahead of the unfolding crisis , even saying he would like to fire fellow Republican and former Rep. Chris Cox ( Calif. ) as head of the Securities and Exchange Commission .
While the party 's leaders were scrambling to find common ground on an approach to the crisis , some rank - and - file Republicans were less unified .
Some members of the Republican Study Committee , which represents conservative stalwarts , were decrying the bailout plan as a step closer to " socialism , " according to Roll Call .
For their part , the Democrats did not exactly have an easy path toward a bailout bill , either , with many liberal members decrying packages they saw as geared more toward helping Wall Street CEOs than average Americans .
Democratic leaders are facing pressure from the White House to pass a bailout bailout package quickly , Politico reports , although several members are trying to attach provisions that would halt home foreclosures and curtail CEO compensation , among other proposals .
SAN FRANCISCO 
Intel has made progress in a technology that could lead to the wireless recharging of gadgets and the end of the power - cord spaghetti behind electronic devices .
It says it has increased the efficiency of a technique for wirelessly powering consumer gadgets and computers , a development that could allow a person to simply place a device on a desktop or countertop to power it .
It could bring the consumer electronics industry a step closer to a world without wires .
On Thursday , the chip maker plans to demonstrate the use of a magnetic field to broadcast up to 60 watts of power two to three feet .
It says it can do that losing only 25 percent of the power in transmission .
“ Something like this technology could be embedded in tables and work surfaces , ” said Justin Rattner , Intel ’s chief technology officer , “ so as soon as you put down an appropriately equipped device it would immediately begin drawing power . ”
Prime Minister Stephen Harper has sparked a culture war in the federal election campaign with a claim that " ordinary people " do n't care about arts funding .
Under fire for his government 's $ 45 million in cuts to arts and culture funding , the Conservative leader yesterday said average Canadians have no sympathy for " rich " artists who gather at galas to whine about their grants .
" I think when ordinary working people come home , turn on the TV and see a gala of a bunch of people at , you know , a rich gala all subsidized by taxpayers claiming their subsidies are n't high enough , when they know those subsidies have actually gone up – I 'm not sure that 's something that resonates with ordinary people , " Harper said in Saskatoon , where he was campaigning for the Oct. 14 election .
Liberal Leader Stéphane Dion and NDP Leader Jack Layton accused their Conservative rival of treating arts and culture with contempt .
Dion said the Conservatives are ideologically attacking the arts .
Layton meanwhile predicted Harper would sell off the CBC and undermine Canadian culture if the Conservatives win a majority government .
But Harper shrugged off his opponents as elitists preoccupied by " a niche issue . "
He said he has increased the overall budget at the Department of Canadian Heritage by 8 per cent , but had to trim some arts funding .
" Ordinary people understand we have to live within a budget , " he said .
Layton said Harper 's comments were " bizarre " and showed how out of touch he is with art and artists , most of whom earn very little .
" If what he thinks is that arts and culture is about receptions , maybe he 's been going to too many receptions , " the NDP leader said in Drummondville , Que .
Dion was even more pointed .
" We need to stop this man .
He wants to pit everyone against everyone , Canadians against their artists , " the Liberal leader said at a North Vancouver film studio .
Rejecting Harper 's suggestion artists are privileged , Dion said their average wage is $ 23,000 a year .
" Most of them need to rent their suit and beautiful dresses at these galas , " he said .
" We have a great arts and culture industry .
We need to protect its freedom .
This man wants to censor our movies . "
That was a reference to controversial Tory - backed legislation to give the heritage minister power to withdraw tax incentives – vital for productions – from films deemed objectionable .
Dion said that proves Conservatives are the party of censorship while Liberals are the party of fun .
He showed a flash of humour after a sound stage tour of a TV production tentatively titled , Harper 's Island , a comedy / horror show being produced for CBS Paramount .
" I 'm told that it 's a scary movie .
Mr. Harper lives on an island and it's time to kick him off the island , " Dion quipped .
Earlier yesterday in Quebec City , Layton pledged to reinstate Harper 's $ 45 million in arts program cuts as part of a cultural cash infusion of $ 125 million a year .
He said an NDP government would allow income - averaging for artists so they could spread often irregular earnings over several years .
In contrast , he predicted a Conservative majority government would privatize the CBC .
In a play on the Conservative Party 's French name , an electronic NDP ad running in Montreal 's subway system shows a " Conservateur " logo evolving into " Conserva - tueur de la culture , " or " culture killer . "
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Loading ...
Harper complained the ad " shows the extreme side of the NDP , " but Layton said Tory cuts deserve " strong language . "
Last night , the NDP leader attended a Montreal concert held to protest the Tories ' cultural cutbacks .
Bloc Québécois Leader Gilles Duceppe was also on hand to see performances by prominent Quebec artists , including singer - songwriters Michel Rivard and Ariane Moffatt , and folk group Mes Aïeux .
Layton and Duceppe shook hands but then sat two tables away from one another on a VIP balcony .
Liberal incumbent Denis Coderre was seated one row behind , lending the star - studded event an almost all - party affair .
The Conservatives were not officially represented .
Read more about :
On Friday , the U.S. Senate passed the controversial Pro-IP Bill , which would effectively create a " copyright czar " answering to the President .
A compromise bill will now be worked on by the House , before being signed by President Bush .
On Friday , the U.S. Senate passed the controversial Pro-IP Bill , which would effectively create a " copyright czar " answering to the President .
On Wednesday , Sen. Ron Wyden asked and was granted a request to remove a provision that would have required the Department of Justice to enforce copyright provisions , after the DOJ had objected .
However , the bill , as passed , does create an Intellectual Property Enforcement Coordinator that will serve within the Office of the President .
The bill now moves to the U.S. House of Representatives , which in May .
After differences in the two bills are worked out , the compromise bill will be passed to President Bush for his signature before the end of the congressional session .
According to the Senate bill , the IPEC will chair a committee made up of representatives from the Office of Management and Budget , the DOJ , the U.S. Trade Representative , the Patent and Trademark Office , the Department of Homeland Security , the FDA , and others .
As written , the IPEC " may not control or direct any law enforcement agency in the exercise of its investigative or prosecutorial authority " .
But its primary function is to develop a " joint strategic plan " to wage war on those who infringe copyrights , which include facilitating the sharing of information across law - enforcement agencies and between other countries .
The House bill also contains language which would create its own copyright chief , which the House bill refers to as an " IP Enforcement Representative " .
But the House bill also would create an " Intellectual Property Enforcement Division " within the Office of the Deputy Attorney General , which the DOJ objected to in the Senate bill .
It would be responsible for criminal intellectual property enforcement .
Both bills increase the penalties for copyright infringement .
The RIAA voiced its support for the bill .
" This bill truly is music to the ears of all those who care about strengthening American creativity and jobs , " Mitch Bainwol , chairman and chief executive of the RIAA , said in a statement .
" At a critical economic juncture , this bipartisan legislation provides enhanced protection for an important asset that helps lead our global competitiveness .
The intellectual property industries are widely recognized as a cornerstone of the U.S. economy .
Additional tools for intellectual property enforcement are not just good for the copyright community but for consumers who will enjoy a wider array of legitimate offerings . "
' Stealing America ' : Voting - fraud documentary
A scene from the documentary " Stealing America : Vote by Vote . "
2008
A scene from the documentary " Stealing America : Vote by Vote . "
2008 Photo : Direct Cinema Limited Photo : Direct Cinema Limited Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close ' Stealing America ' : Voting - fraud documentary 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
The numbers do n't add up .
$ 3.8 billion : The initial Help America Vote Act allocation that California Secretary of State Deborah Bowen said " pushed many counties into buying electronic systems that ... were not properly reviewed or tested . "
18,000 : Votes that did not register in a 2006 Sarasota County , Fla. , local election using touch - screen machines , in a Democratic stronghold that the Republican challenger won by 368 votes .
Negative 16,022 : Votes counted for Al Gore on a Diebold tabulator in Volusia County , Fla. , in 2000 .
Zero :
The number of proven instances of election fraud involving electronic voting machines , according to industry spokespeople .
John McCain , Barack Obama , Paris Hilton ; it does n't matter who one chooses if the votes are n't counted properly .
Dorothy Fadiman 's new documentary , " Stealing America : Vote By Vote , " is the latest in a line of recent films that question our electoral system 's ability - or propensity - to do just that ( among the others : HBO 's Florida election - disaster drama " Recount " with Kevin Spacey ; and David Earnhardt 's crisp documentary " Uncounted : The New Math of American Elections , " on Starz this month and available on DVD ) .
" I was working at the polls as a volunteer in 2004 , and while we were being oriented , we were told that people were reporting that when they vote for Kerry , they 're getting Bush .
It was rampant in South Florida .
And we were told , ' Do n't tell people , because we may be discouraging them from voting , ' " said Fadiman , whose earlier documentaries on abortion rights garnered her an Oscar nomination and an Emmy win .
Appalled by the lack of media coverage of the vote - switching phenomenon and other apparently widespread election irregularities , she spent the next four years making " Stealing America . "
Fadiman 's no-frills documentary touches on voters being purged from rolls in Florida in 2000 ( she believes purging to be the single greatest threat to the 2008 election ) and suspiciously insufficient distribution of voting machines in Ohio in 2004 .
But its most damning segments concern results that defied exit polling and the vulnerability of electronic voting machines .
" What we have here is an extraordinarily compelling case that our electoral system has gone terribly wrong , " said Brad Friedman of BradBlog and the Huffington Post , who appears in both " Stealing America " and " Uncounted . "
" We 've got one election after another that makes no sense whatsoever .
They may have been rigged , they may have failed due to error - ( but because they can't be audited ) it 's 100 percent faith - based voting . "
Friedman said he personally experienced vote switching on a Diebold disabled - accessible machine in Los Angeles in 2006 , as four of his 12 votes flipped : " The Kerry - Bush error has occurred all over the country .
And they seem to constantly benefit the Republican over the Democrat .
If this is a random error that occurs because the machines are crappy , it should be 50 - 50 . "
Chris Riggall is a spokesperson for Premier Election Solutions ( formerly Diebold ) , one of the leaders in the voting - machine industry .
When asked by e-mail if the machines ' security vulnerabilities discussed in various scholarly studies had been addressed , he responded that " sometimes the criticisms are not factual because they are based on incorrect assumptions ( such as networking or the presence of wireless ports on machines ) .
On other occasions , the studies have recommended valuable improvements .
...
There 's no question that the emphasis on system security by voters , election officials and the industry is much greater now than it was , say , five years ago . "
" I think the key issue right now is voter confidence , " said Peter Lichtenheld of Hart InterCivic , another industry leader with a number of contracts with California counties .
Lichtenheld blamed the controversial elections in 2000 and 2004 and the perceived misconduct of certain officials such as Katherine Harris in Florida , not faulty electronic voting systems , for generating what he called " a sense of distrust . "
While pointing out that his company 's systems were the only ones for which California Secretary of State Bowen did not require changes for use in 2007 , he added , " Watchdogs are appreciated , for people to say , ' Hey , we need to pay attention to this . '
That 's a great thing .
( But ) the naysayer community is marketing fear and intimidation . "
Riggall and Lichtenheld roundly criticized former Diebold Chief Executive Officer Walden O'Dell for his infamous 2003 letter to Republican donors that stated , in part , " I am committed to helping Ohio deliver its electoral votes to the president next year , " agreeing that it contributed to the atmosphere of distrust .
" It was a serious error in judgment that never should have occurred , " Riggall wrote .
" In the aftermath of that mistake , we instituted new prohibitions against any political contributions or support by the management and staff of our company . "
Riggall also said only one Ohio county used Diebold equipment in that election , and that Kerry collected 59 percent of the votes in that county .
As to industry assertions that there are no documented incidents of election crimes involving their machines , Hart InterCivic recently issued a report that dismissed most problems with electronic voting as " technical glitches ... not indicative of election fraud . "
Friedman pointed out that the industry has spent a great deal on legal efforts to prevent independent examination of suspect machines .
The report , " Election Fraud : Fact or Urban Legend ? , " states that voter error , or more specifically , " ballot layout was determined to be the most likely explanation for the ( 18,000 non-votes ) in the 2006 Sarasota County election . "
It also points out that taking issue with election results is natural for " supporters of the losing side . "
But Fadiman rejects the notion that such concerns are partisan .
" It turns out between 1996 and 2006 , when you see these discrepancies between exit polls and vote tallies , they go in one direction .
So that 's like saying a film about slavery is partisan because you do n't give equal credence to the position of slave owners , " she says , then relates the story in her film of a Democratic Ohio state senator who personally experienced vote flipping and said he was told by his own party not to talk about it .
" If the Republicans stole this election , the Democrats were willing accomplices . "
Fadiman 's film includes testimonials by people who saw their own votes switch .
" There were lots of tears in the interviews , anger , sadness , frustration , " Fadiman said .
" There 's only one tear in the film : Kim Akins , an African American attorney doing election protection .
What she saw was there were very long lines and not enough machines , and what she said was , ' I hope these people come back and vote again . ' "
STEALING AMERICA : VOTE BY VOTE ( not rated ) opens Sept. 12 at Bay Area theaters .
To see a trailer for " Stealing America : Vote by Vote , " go to www.stealingamericathemovie.org.
Apple computers “ just work . ”
From the software to the hardware , there is something so enjoyable and seamless about the Apple experience .
As the years have progressed , more mac OS features have made it easier to be an Apple fan .
There are features for productivity , file management , and more .
If you are wondering what makes Apple computers so great , then stick around .
Here are the ten mac OS features that make us love Macbooks .
1. Spotlight Search
One of the most convenient features of any computer , Spotlight Search , allows you to access a search bar right on your computer .
All you have to is hit Command > Spacebar to bring up Spotlight Search .
From there , you can do math equations , look up an app , ask a question , or whatever you need .
Spotlight Search is an excellent way to get your inquiries answered fast , and it ’s integrated right into mac OS .
2. Trackpad Gestures
Macbooks are known for their force - touch trackpads and have been the leader of the superior trackpads in the whole industry .
“ Force - touch ” essentially means that the trackpad is one layer of glass with no specific clicking mechanism .
Unlike only trackpads that have a clicky right or left , Apple ’s trackpads let you click anywhere .
This also allows for better accuracy and more fine - tuning in the software .
Force - touch is dependent on haptic feedback and not an actual click .
The feedback is there to let you know what you are doing .
Because of this , Apple has developed a wide array of trackpad gestures that can boost your productivity and user experience .
From having multiple desktops open to multitasking , and even zooming and out of a page , the Apple trackpad is the one to beat .
3. Sidecar
Sidecar was introduced alongside mac OS Catalina , and it has been an excellent productivity feature ever since .
Sidecar allows you to plug your iPad as a secondary display and input device .
Not only is this extremely convenient , but it also means that you can have a more mobile working station .
Additionally , this feature , once again , seamlessly integrates the hardware and the software .
Having two displays can be extremely useful if you are a video editing power user or use a lot of browser tabs open at once .
All in all , Sidecar was an excellent feature brought upon by mac OS Catalina .
4. Dark Mode
Let ’s face it , and sometimes the super - bright white Apple interface can be eye - searing .
That ’s where Dark Mode comes in .
Dark Mode was a feature requested by Apple users for years , both on the Mac and iPhone .
Dark Mode , as the name suggests , turns your Macbook ’s interface into a stealthy one , all while being easy on the eyes and looking great while doing it .
Dark Mode also trickles down into applications , such as Safari , Reminders , and Pages .
No matter how you are using your Macbook , you can use Dark Mode across your apps .
5. Widgets
Widgets are an excellent way to get the essential information from an application without opening it .
Alongside other mac OS Big Sur features , it is one of the best resources for productivity .
The new widget system allows for better optimization for third - party widgets , which means that you can add widgets from your favorite apps .
Additionally , you can customize just how much information you want to see from these widgets to best suit your needs .
Widgets are great for helping you get the info you need and are a great sidekick in a working day .
6. Sharing Notes
Across your Apple devices , you probably have your fair share of notes .
With mac OS , you can share these notes with anyone through iMessage , mail , or Reminders .
Sharing notes is excellent if you are working on a collaborative project , or want to share a grocery list with your family .
No matter how you use them , note sharing is one of the best - underrated features of mac OS .
7. Screen Time
A lot of hours are used on our devices , but how is that time broken down ?
Going off of the iPhone , mac OS has implemented a Screen Time feature that allows you to see a detailed breakdown of your technology use .
Screen
Time breaks down your usage by app , and also give you averages of the hours spent .
This helps you better understand your use cases , and can even help you unplug if you feel like you are spending a lot of time on your computer .
8. True Tone
Introduced on newer Macbooks , True Tone is a perfect mix of hardware and software interaction .
True Tone is automatic ( but customizable if you wish ) , and lets the display adjust to the lighting conditions it is in .
This makes for an easier - on - the - eyes display tone and is an excellent feature if you are sensitive to harsh display glare or stark white tone .
True Tone is one of the many reasons why Macbook displays are so darn good .
9. Use Your Apple Watch to Authenticate Login
If you have an Apple Watch , you can use that to authenticate a login on your Macbook .
Not only does this let you bypass a pesky password , but it also adds a whole new level of convenience alongside security .
Moreover , it further cements Apple as the epicenter for software and hardware integration and continuity .
Since these two devices work so seamlessly together , it is almost a no - brainer for iPhone or Apple Watch users to get a Macbook over a different device .
10 . Seamless iCloud Integration
One of the best features of mac OS is its incredible companionship with iCloud .
If you want to resume a text conversation , look at your photos , back up your iPhone , or more , you can do that all with your Macbook .
mac OS has developed to work alongside Apple ’s other hardware , making everything work together in harmony .
If you love technological continuity , then mac OS ’s seamless iCloud integration is one of the best features .
The Best mac OS Features
From productivity to continuity , these are the ten best mac OS features .
Whether you are a longtime Apple user or a newbie , you can benefit from these software features and even implement them into your workflow .
If you love technology and software , then check out our guides that help you stay on top of tech .
Relief agencies fear that their workers could be put in jeopardy by what they call the “ militarization ” of humanitarian operations in Georgia .
In making the effort a military operation , they fear the line will be blurred between military and civilian aid , and that civilian aid workers may be mistaken for soldiers .
Brigadier General Jon Miller , the head of the relief efforts , denied having heard any such objections , and insisted that the military was essential to the success of the operation .
However the Baltimore Sun quotes a senior US official as saying “ there are reasons why we did a military lead , as a matter of foreign policy , ” suggesting that the reasons were perhaps more political than operational .
A spokesman for one of the leading civilian aid agencies the International Rescue Committee said “ My sense is that the reason the military is there is not because it was needed to stand up a humanitarian response , but for other reasons ” .
Though many of the displaced are already heading home large numbers remain displaced amid stories of militia intimidation and rampant looting .
Russia has assured people within the buffer zone that they are in the process of pulling back , though Gori ’s governor declared that this was a lie and that the troops would find some excuse to remain .
The first US military ship docked at the Georgian port of Batumi earlier this week , and a large number of NATO ships have been in the Black Sea recently on what NATO described as unrelated exercises .
Russia has accused the US military of shipping weapons to Georgia , and has warned that the US naval build - up could be seen as a declaration of war .
I was out last night eating awesome dinner with friends , and totally slacked off on Today 's comic .
I just drew it this morning .
I really have never been able to draw guns anyway .
I guess that 's not a bad thing , really .
Except , you know , when you want to draw a gun .
I actually woke up at 3 in the morning and , since I figured writing on paper would make noise , wrote " Hilarious but tragic : Human catapult & skeet shooting " on my hand .
In the pitch dark .
I assumed it would 've looked like scribbles when seen in the light but it 's surprisingly legible .
Thus ends the most boring story ever .
I saw a couple of you guys writing in to say you did n't get Wednesday 's comic .
SPOILER ALERT in case this is " the future " and you 're backreading through the comics .
Do n't read any further !
It totally kills the joke of the previous comic !
Yeah .
Anyway .
So , okay , the joke is they do n't have a permit for illegal dumping !
HAHA .
No , really : they 're the mafia , right ?
But they 're also clowns .
Clown mafia .
Mafia guys put the bodies of the guys they " whack " in their trunks to drive them to a disposal site .
Clown cars , on the other hand , can theoretically fit an infinite number of clowns .
SO cross the two and you have an ton of dead clowns in a mafia clown trunk .
So. Yeah .
Your Comments :
About The Author Sven is the co-founder and former CEO of Smashing Magazine .
He write at his Conterest Blog , where he focuses on blogs , content strategy , writing and publishing … More about Sven Lennartz …
55 High Quality Sets With Free Desktop Icons
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
We love free icons and icon sets .
In the overview below we present 55 more excellent , free and professional icons for desktop and web design .
Some of them can be used for both private and commercial projects .
You may always use them for free in your private projects .
Nevertheless , it is always worth to take a look at the license agreements — they can change from time to time .
We love free icons and icon sets .
In the overview below we present 55 more excellent , free and professional icons for desktop and web design .
Some of them can be used for both private and commercial projects .
You may always use them for free in your private projects .
Nevertheless , it is always worth to take a look at the license agreements — they can change from time to time .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
Unlimited Downloads : 500,000 + Icons , Templates , Fonts , Stock Photos & Design Assets ( ad )
Download Now →
Simplicio Icon Set
The main motivation behind the design was to create a simple , even minimalistic set which can fit into every project .
The set contains 78 free icons in .png and .ico including AI which can be useful for both corporate and personal setting .
You can use the set for free – without any restrictions whatsoever .
The icons are available in the .png - and .ico-formats in the resolution 128 × 128 px .
AI - sources are also included in the package .
This icon set was designed by Neurovit from Turkey especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
You can use the icons for private and commercial projects , blogs and web - sites for free , without any restrictions whatsoever .
However , you are not allowed to sell or redistribute the icons without author ’s and Smashing Magazine ’s permission .
Tools always come in handy .
For instance , if you are designing an online - store you may need some easily recognizable tool icons to indicate some categories .
And this is where this set , designed by David Mottram , may help you out .
This set contains 8 free icons ( bookmark , caliper , gear , hammer , screwdriver , toolbox , tools , window ) in the format .png in resolutions 64×64 px , 128×128 px and 256×256 px .
As usual , the set is available for free download and can be used without any restrictions whatsoeve .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Horror Icon Set
If you are designing some project that is supposed to be scary - be it a Halloween - themed site , a private blog or an online - store with some particular merchandise - you may need some beautiful yet scary icons to set up the atmosphere on your site .
David Arazim created a horror icon set for this very purpose .
The set contains 8 icons ( axe , bat , eye , grave , gun , jason , skull , voodoo ) and is available for free download and use .
Fresh -
The application and financial icon set
Today we are glad to release Fresh : an application and financial icon set .
This set contains 58 raster and vector icons , designed by Icon Eden .
The set includes icons in .png , .icns and .ico-formats .
An .EPS vector file is available as well .
You can use the icons for private and commercial projects , blogs and web - sites for free , without any restrictions whatsoever .
The Graph
Another day — another fresh freebie .
Today we are glad to release The Graphs , a free icon set with 18 various graphs in the formats .png and .max ( 3D Studio Max ) .
This set was designed by Goce Mitevski especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
The design took place in 3ds max and the rendering was done with Vray .
No previous sketches were made , so the design process was more like a 3dsmax +
Vray experiment of getting high - quality 3D graphs with very little effort and fast .
Personal information : I ’m a freelance designer from Macedonia .
I work mainly as a web designer , but I ’m a great Vray enthusiast .
Feed Me Animals
A Free RSS Feed Vector Icon Set , designed by Mirjami Manninen especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
This set contains 5 original RSS - feed icons .
The icons are available in in .png , .jpg , .eps and .psd .
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Flavours Icon Set
Oliver Twardowski , a graphic designer from Bonn , Germany , has put in a lot of time and effort to release this handy icon set especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
His set , aimed to help designers in their Web and user interface designs , contains 177 icons in a resolution of 48 × 48 pixels .
The files are available for in the PNG and PSD sources , so you can modify the files as you wish .
As usual , the set is available as a free download and can be used for any purposes without any restrictions whatsoever .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sub - licensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
DelliPack
This set of “ delicious icons ” contains 5 high - quality icons : a folder icon , a paint icon , a safe icon , a building icon and a printer icon which can be useful for both corporate and personal projects .
The set includes a PSD - source file as well .
You can use the set for free — without any restrictions whatsoever .
The icons are available in the .png - format in the resolutions 256×256px , 128×128px , 64×64px , 48×48 px , 32×32 px and 16×16 px .
This icon set was designed by Wendell Fernandes and is now released as a gift for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
You can use the icons for private and commercial projects , blogs and web - sites for free , without any restrictions whatsoever .
However , you are not allowed to sell or redistribute the icons without author ’s and Smashing Magazine ’s permission .
DelliPack 2
Today we are glad to release The DelliPack 2 ! icon set .
This second set of “ delicious icons ” contains 15 icons : a build icon , a home icon , an interact icon , a monitor icon , a pen icon , a phonebook icon and other icons which can be useful for both corporate and personal projects .
You can use the set for free — without any restrictions whatsoever .
PNG files ( 4 Mb )
The icons are available in the .png - format in the resolutions 256×256px , 128×128px , 64×64px , 48×48 px , 32×32 px and 16×16 px .
This icon set was designed by Wendell Fernandes and is now released as a gift for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
You can use the icons for private and commercial projects , blogs and web - sites for free , without any restrictions whatsoever .
However , you are not allowed to sell or redistribute the icons without author ’s and Smashing Magazine ’s permission .
Dellifeed Icon Set
A set with 8 tasty and appealing social icons in the format .png .
This set was designed by Dellustrations.com especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
The icons perfectly fit to the coming Christmas atmosphere and there is also always a reason to offer the readers of your blog a delicious RSS - cake icon !
Download the icon set for free !
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Smashy The Alien
The set contains 8 icons ( RSS , news , home , download , contact , calendar , blog and Smashing ) with a nice modest alien who is just too shy to show his face completely .
You can use the set for private and commercial projects , blogs and web - sites for free — without any restrictions whatsoever .
The icons are available in .ico and .png - formats in resolutions 32×32 px , 48×48 px , 64×64 px and 128×128 px .
If you love Smashing Magazine just like Smashy does feel free to place him on your blog .
This icon set was designed by Maja Bencic aka Abeja from Croatia especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
You can use the icons for private and commercial projects , blogs and web - sites for free , without any restrictions whatsoever .
However , you are not allowed to sell or redistribute the icons without author ’s and Smashing Magazine ’s permission .
Pacman Returns Icon Set
We have found the Russian design studio Turbomilk a long time ago .
Denis Kortunov and his team published a couple of truly useful articles related to icons design .
We ’ve been impressed by thte quality of their work and contacted them , asking to design an unusual and creative icon set .
We ’ve discussed what exactly we would like to have and let the designers do the magic .
In the end the result was a set of unusual avatars , similar to the legendary PacMan .
We love the icons , and hopefully so are you !
The set “ Pacman Returns ” contains 11 high - quality icons ( including RSS and “ Smashing Pacman ” - icons ) that you can use for free in your private and commercial projects - without any restrictions whatsoever .
Toys
This is a retro icon set that was designed by Helen Gkizi and released with Smashing Magazine for its readers .
The set contains 9 “ toys ” icons ( png , 128×128 px ) that may come in handy in a variety of settings – e.g. in projects related to children and family .
The files are transparent PNGs , and the source file ( .eps ) is included as well .
As always , the set is completely free and may be used for any private or commercial project without any restrictions whatsoever .
download the set ( .zip , including .eps- source , 0.6 Mb )
Office Mouse Icons Set
A set of 15 unique icons , in .png and in the resolution 128 × 128 px .
The icons are designed by Niki Brown , especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Nurture Social Icon Set
This is definitely one of the last social icon sets we release here , on Smashing Magazine .
Since we ’ve released a lot of “ social ” sets throughout 2008 , we decided to not release such sets in the future – unless the quality is truly outstanding .
The latter is the case in David Leggett ’s social icon set called “ Nurture ” .
We just could n’t reject David ’s great work which is why we release it in this post , even although some commenters may not like it .
“ Nurture ” is a Social Icon Pack that was designed for digital creatives who want to add a unique , lively , and green touch to their blogs and other web - projects .
The set includes 10 icons featuring the logos of popular social bookmarking sites .
The set was designed with a fresh , lively , green look in mind .
The pack includes 512x512 , 256x256 , 128x128 , and 64x64 icons in .png format .
It can be used for free in any commercial or private projects with no restrictions , but the set itself may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
DressUp ! Avatars Icon Set
Here you will find a set with 16 original avatar icons in .png .
This set was designed by Dante Michael Afrondoza especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
The set was created from scratch using Adobe Fireworks — the .png - sources are available for free download as well .
The icons are available in 128 × 128 px .
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Hearting Social Icon Set
This is a set of 22 social icons in .png and in resolutions 16 × 16 , 32×32 , 64×64 .
This set was designed by Aravind Ajith , the creator of TheDesignSuperHero , especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
Download the icon set for free !
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Soccer Icon Set
We are aware it ’s winter out there right now , but it ’s always good to prepare for summer early , right ?
This set was designed with the owners of sport - related websites in mind .
If you are a fan or have designed a soccer - related website , these icons may come in handy .
The set contains 8 icons in resolutions ranging from 32x32 to 512x512 pixels .
It was designed by the design agency Artua especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
Royal Icon Set
The set contains 6 “ royal ” icons which you can use for private and commercial projects , blogs and web - sites for free — without any restrictions whatsoever .
The icons are available in .ico and .png - formats in resolutions 32×32 px , 48×48 px , 64×64 px and 128×128 px .
This icon set was designed by Artua Design Studio from Ukraine especially for Smashing Magazine as a gift for its readers .
You can use the icons for private and commercial projects , blogs and web - sites for free .
However , please take a closer look at the license agreement — e.g. it ’s forbidden to sell or redistribute the icons without author ’s and Smashing Magazine ’s permission .
Cheers !
Cheers is a free set of 12 “ social ” glasses , designed by Helen Gkizi from Webtoolkit4me , especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
However , it ’s forbidden to sell them .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
The Leaf Fall - A Social Icon Set
This set contains 11 social icons , designed in an autumn - style .
The set includes icons for Twitter , Technorati , RSS , Reddit , Facebook , Delicious , StumbleUpon and Digg .
You can use the set for free — without any restrictions whatsoever .
The icons are available in the .png - format in various resolutions .
This icon set is intended to be used by bloggers .
It was designed by Templates especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
You can use the icons for private and commercial projects , blogs and web - sites for free , without any restrictions whatsoever .
However , you are not allowed to sell or redistribute the icons without author ’s and Smashing Magazine ’s permission .
Icon sets from elsewhere
Icon set with 12 different images in PNG format 256x256 px .
Designed by Roberto Abril Hidalgo .
Affel Affel combines purple and black colors with some lighting and shadow details to make your computer look classy and as much special as it deserves .
| Inside : 72 icons in PNG format with a resolution of 256x256 px .
These icons may not be used in any way for commercial purposes .
Eico Studio Anniversary Icon Pack 16 crisp , sharp and beautiful icons released by the Eico Design Agency to celebrate its first anniversary .
Available in .ico , .png and .icns - format in the resolution 128×128 px .
Kidaubis 3D Icon - Blue series
The icon set with three icons ( E - Mail , music box and tool box ) available .
The Shield Icon Set
This set includes 4 files in resolutions 256×256 px , 128×128 px , 64×64 px and 32×32 px .
Available in formats .ico and .png .
Designed by Marvin Ristau .
Pure Icon Pack Pure Icon Pack contains 14 high quality ( 256x256 pixels ) icons ; PNG and ICO formats .
This package includes : CD Icon , Computer Icon , Folder Icon , DVD Icon , Internet Icon , Network Icon , Search Icon , USB Icon , ZIP Icon and others .
Oxygen Icons Set Over 1000 professional desktop icons designed for KDE , packed in one single pack and released under GPL .
Fruity Apples 9 .png and .icns ( Leopard ready : 512x512 px ) , 2 Bonus and 1 Wallpaper ( 2560x1600 px ) .
I Love “ Blondes ” Beer Icon 512x512 px in png and icns .
Niepces Camera Obscura Icons
These desktop icons show the Camera Obscura as it was used by Nicephore Niepce by 1826 or 1827 in an Aperture and iPhoto style and are intended as an homage to him .
Mac +
Win + Linux + iContainer .
Leopard ready ( 512×512 ) .
Including 7 icons intended to replace Aperture or iPhoto , Aperture Library , iPhoto Library , Aperture Vault , Aperture Project and your picture folder .
Facebook User Interface Icons 25 Facebook ui icons in a high res and vector form … with slight adherences to the tango specification .
Autumn Breeze Icons 6 Icons for Windows in 8 Sizes .
My Computer , My Pictures , Dustbin Full , Dustbin Empty , CD and one Icon for your fav .
Design Software .
Small icons
ORB Icons 10 basic user interface icons available in the resolution 16 × 16 px , 32×32 px and 128×128 px .
Designed by Alexy Goncharenko .
Fugue icon set 358 icons ( 16×16 px ) are included in PNG format .
The icons are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license .
Accessibility icon set
This set includes 9 icons one can use to display accessibility features or address accessibility issues .
Released under Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Germany , when used backlink is required .
Heart and Ice Icon Sets Icons in both icon sets are available in resolutions 256x256 , 6 PNGs in the first package , 8 PNGs in the second package .
40 Image Editing Icons “ Some smiling lips , a camera lens , some vortex colour , a crop tool , a TV icon , and plenty more . ”
All icons are available within an Adobe Illustrator CS2 file ( 10.1 Mb ) .
Keynote Objects
The package combines 100 easy to use and attractive objects .
The background of all objects is transparent and can be used on any colored background .
Each object can be changed in size , rotated , increased or decreased in opacity , fitted with shadows or even overlapped with one another to create extra effects .
Keynote Objects are compatible with Keynote , iWeb , Pages , Microsoft PowerPoint and Word .
Tasty Icons
Two tasty icons of coffee goodness .
These two freebies come in the following sizes and formats : 48 x 48 px ; 128 x 128 px ; 256 x 256 px ; 512 x 512 px ; PNG ( transparent backgrounds ) ; CNS ; ICO .
Keyfob Formats : .icns , .png , 128×128 px .
The files are transparent PNGs , and the source file ( .eps ) is included as well .
As always , the set is completely free and may be used for any private or commercial project without any restrictions whatsoever .
download the set ( .zip , including .eps- source , 0.6 Mb )
Office Mouse Icons Set
A set of 15 unique icons , in .png and in the resolution 128 × 128 px .
The icons are designed by Niki Brown , especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Nurture Social Icon Set
This is definitely one of the last social icon sets we release here , on Smashing Magazine .
Since we ’ve released a lot of “ social ” sets throughout 2008 , we decided to not release such sets in the future – unless the quality is truly outstanding .
The latter is the case in David Leggett ’s social icon set called “ Nurture ” .
We just could n’t reject David ’s great work which is why we release it in this post , even although some commenters may not like it .
“ Nurture ” is a Social Icon Pack that was designed for digital creatives who want to add a unique , lively , and green touch to their blogs and other web - projects .
The set includes 10 icons featuring the logos of popular social bookmarking sites .
The set was designed with a fresh , lively , green look in mind .
The pack includes 512x512 , 256x256 , 128x128 , and 64x64 icons in .png format .
It can be used for free in any commercial or private projects with no restrictions , but the set itself may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
DressUp ! Avatars Icon Set
Here you will find a set with 16 original avatar icons in .png .
This set was designed by Dante Michael Afrondoza especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
The set was created from scratch using Adobe Fireworks — the .png - sources are available for free download as well .
The icons are available in 128 × 128 px .
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Hearting Social Icon Set
This is a set of 22 social icons in .png and in resolutions 16 × 16 , 32×32 , 64×64 .
This set was designed by Aravind Ajith , the creator of TheDesignSuperHero , especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
Download the icon set for free !
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
You can freely use it for both your private and commercial projects , including software , online services , templates and themes .
The set may not be resold , sublicensed , rented , transferred or otherwise made available for use .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
Soccer Icon Set
We are aware it ’s winter out there right now , but it ’s always good to prepare for summer early , right ?
This set was designed with the owners of sport - related websites in mind .
If you are a fan or have designed a soccer - related website , these icons may come in handy .
The set contains 8 icons in resolutions ranging from 32x32 to 512x512 pixels .
It was designed by the design agency Artua especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
Royal Icon Set
The set contains 6 “ royal ” icons which you can use for private and commercial projects , blogs and web - sites for free — without any restrictions whatsoever .
The icons are available in .ico and .png - formats in resolutions 32×32 px , 48×48 px , 64×64 px and 128×128 px .
This icon set was designed by Artua Design Studio from Ukraine especially for Smashing Magazine as a gift for its readers .
You can use the icons for private and commercial projects , blogs and web - sites for free .
However , please take a closer look at the license agreement — e.g. it ’s forbidden to sell or redistribute the icons without author ’s and Smashing Magazine ’s permission .
Cheers !
Cheers is a free set of 12 “ social ” glasses , designed by Helen Gkizi from Webtoolkit4me , especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
You can use the set for all of your projects for free and without any restrictions .
However , it ’s forbidden to sell them .
Please link to this article if you would like to spread the word .
The Leaf Fall - A Social Icon Set
This set contains 11 social icons , designed in an autumn - style .
The set includes icons for Twitter , Technorati , RSS , Reddit , Facebook , Delicious , StumbleUpon and Digg .
You can use the set for free — without any restrictions whatsoever .
The icons are available in the .png - format in various resolutions .
This icon set is intended to be used by bloggers .
It was designed by Templates especially for Smashing Magazine and its readers .
You can use the icons for private and commercial projects , blogs and web - sites for free , without any restrictions whatsoever .
However , you are not allowed to sell or redistribute the icons without author ’s and Smashing Magazine ’s permission .
Icon sets from elsewhere
Icon set with 12 different images in PNG format 256x256 px .
Designed by Roberto Abril Hidalgo .
Affel Affel combines purple and black colors with some lighting and shadow details to make your computer look classy and as much special as it deserves .
| Inside : 72 icons in PNG format with a resolution of 256x256 px .
These icons may not be used in any way for commercial purposes .
Eico Studio Anniversary Icon Pack 16 crisp , sharp and beautiful icons released by the Eico Design Agency to celebrate its first anniversary .
Available in .ico , .png and .icns - format in the resolution 128×128 px .
Kidaubis 3D Icon - Blue series
The icon set with three icons ( E - Mail , music box and tool box ) available .
The Shield Icon Set
This set includes 4 files in resolutions 256×256 px , 128×128 px , 64×64 px and 32×32 px .
Available in formats .ico and .png .
Designed by Marvin Ristau .
Pure Icon Pack Pure Icon Pack contains 14 high quality ( 256x256 pixels ) icons ; PNG and ICO formats .
This package includes : CD Icon , Computer Icon , Folder Icon , DVD Icon , Internet Icon , Network Icon , Search Icon , USB Icon , ZIP Icon and others .
Oxygen Icons Set Over 1000 professional desktop icons designed for KDE , packed in one single pack and released under GPL .
Fruity Apples 9 .png and .icns ( Leopard ready : 512x512 px ) , 2 Bonus and 1 Wallpaper ( 2560x1600 px ) .
I Love “ Blondes ” Beer Icon 512x512 px in png and icns .
Niepces Camera Obscura Icons
These desktop icons show the Camera Obscura as it was used by Nicephore Niepce by 1826 or 1827 in an Aperture and iPhoto style and are intended as an homage to him .
Mac +
Win + Linux + iContainer .
Leopard ready ( 512×512 ) .
Including 7 icons intended to replace Aperture or iPhoto , Aperture Library , iPhoto Library , Aperture Vault , Aperture Project and your picture folder .
Facebook User Interface Icons 25 Facebook ui icons in a high res and vector form … with slight adherences to the tango specification .
Autumn Breeze Icons 6 Icons for Windows in 8 Sizes .
My Computer , My Pictures , Dustbin Full , Dustbin Empty , CD and one Icon for your fav .
Design Software .
Small icons
ORB Icons 10 basic user interface icons available in the resolution 16 × 16 px , 32×32 px and 128×128 px .
Designed by Alexy Goncharenko .
Fugue icon set 358 icons ( 16×16 px ) are included in PNG format .
The icons are licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 license .
Accessibility icon set
This set includes 9 icons one can use to display accessibility features or address accessibility issues .
Released under Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Germany , when used backlink is required .
Heart and Ice Icon Sets Icons in both icon sets are available in resolutions 256x256 , 6 PNGs in the first package , 8 PNGs in the second package .
40 Image Editing Icons “ Some smiling lips , a camera lens , some vortex colour , a crop tool , a TV icon , and plenty more . ”
All icons are available within an Adobe Illustrator CS2 file ( 10.1 Mb ) .
Keynote Objects
The package combines 100 easy to use and attractive objects .
The background of all objects is transparent and can be used on any colored background .
Each object can be changed in size , rotated , increased or decreased in opacity , fitted with shadows or even overlapped with one another to create extra effects .
Keynote Objects are compatible with Keynote , iWeb , Pages , Microsoft PowerPoint and Word .
Tasty Icons
Two tasty icons of coffee goodness .
These two freebies come in the following sizes and formats : 48 x 48 px ; 128 x 128 px ; 256 x 256 px ; 512 x 512 px ; PNG ( transparent backgrounds ) ; CNS ; ICO .
Keyfob Formats : .icns , .png , 128×128 px .
A - stone - ishing :
The artist who balances heavy rocks on top of each other
You probably would n't want to challenge Bill Dan to a game of Jenga if your life depended on it , as he claims to be a master of balancing things .
The performance artists insists his skill is genuine but some people believe his work could be fake .
Dan has been wowing the crowds in San Francisco Bay since 1994 with his stunning sculptures of different - sized rocks resting on top of each other .
Ore inspiring : Bill Dan insists he did not use any trickery to create these sculptures
He has since picked up a legion of fans on the internet - his work on YouTube has clocked plenty of hits - and has been asked to create sculptures for galleries and private events .
In fact his gravity - defying work is so amazing that people sometimes refuse to believe he does n't use glue or some other trickery .
Rock steady : Bill Dan wows crowds with his stunning rock sculptures
Fine art : Bill Dan has been balancing rocks and other objects since 1994
' I had so many negative e-mails from curious sceptics saying that it is computerised art that I got tired of explaining over and over again , ' Dan said .
' Please no more questions about glue ! '
The artist , who is in his mid-50s , claims he can also balance shoes , glassware and cans .
Explaining how he does it , Dan said : ' I do n't picture what the sculpture looks like beforehand , it just forms as I work .
It is not difficult to stack two or three rocks upwards .
Wow : Dan 's gravity - defying work seems so unbelievable , doubters wonder if he is using glue
' Do n't worry if you start with large contact points , you can get smaller and smaller as you build your skills . '
Dan said he enjoyed the art because it was ' uniquely beautiful ' .
' Based on curiosity alone I could create a piece of beautiful art , unlike any other . '
Andrew Burton , one of Britain 's most respected sculptors , said : ' I would just say that this is possible – after all , he would be found out pretty quickly if it were not . '
Watch Bill Dan create his gravity - defying rock sculptures ...
Robert Anton Wilson Grant Morrison RAW Illumination RAWilson fans Only Maybe Maybe Logic Academy RAW Fans Facebook Group Jacque Fresco Psychedelic Salon Jason Silva Rune Soup Inominandum Astral Forum Relaxed Focus Dean Radin Daily Grail Disinfo Media Underground Reality Carnival Sprword.com vids Reality Model Playground Ludi Astral Double Infected Violence The Baptist 's Head Humpasaur Jones Simulet Great Illusion Radical Change Tech Reality Sandwich Magnetic Centre TekGnostics.com TekGnostics Blog Positivity Blog Reclusland EROCx1 Blog EROCx1.com Neurosoup.com Deoxy Erowid The Big View Joe Rogan Black Light Attic Podcast Black Light Attic Blog RedIceCreationsRadio PsycheTruth Maybe Logic Blog Maybe Quarterly Forteans Druid Journal Doing Magick The Oz Mix Graham Hancock Korzybski Files Talks with Gurdjieff William Henry Coast to Coast Skilluminati Freeman Perspective DoseNation Abrahadabra Dream Studies Hermetics Ebooks Sacred Texts Montalk.net Organelle.org Byzant AYP Taroscopes Tsarion Future Hi Conspiracy Planet Damn Interesting Before Its News Watercooler I Ching LOLFED WeAreChange.org Save the Internet Illuminati Matrix Datachurch Brainsturbator Teleomorph.com Alchemically Braindamaged Alien Project Altered States Galloway Chronicles
Synchromystic Links
NEW DELHI : It has become nauseatingly familiar .
Low - intensity bombs placed in crowded markets , killing and maiming children , their parents , unsuspecting shoppers , unmindful of their caste , creed or religion .
Within a month and a half of Jaipur , Bangalore and Ahmedabad terror blasts , Delhi was mauled on Saturday leaving 30 innocents dead and 90 injured .
( Watch )
In all , five bombs went off in less than half an hour .
Two of them in the heart of Delhi in Connaught Place , two at the upscale Greater Kailash M Block market in south Delhi , and one , the most damaging one , in the crowded Ghaffar Market in Karol Bagh .
Three more bombs were defused , one of them at the popular Children 's Park in India Gate , indicating the depraved mind of the terrorists .
The Indian Mujahideen , regarded by security agencies as a front of the Lashkar - Huji terror machine , has claimed responsibility for the blasts .
The Indian Mujahideen email , titled " the Message of Death " , said : " In the name of Allah , Indian Mujahideen strikes back once more .
...
Do whatever you can .
Stop us if you can . "
This group had sent emails before the UP court blasts , the Jaipur and Ahmedabad blasts .
This time , too , it sent an email to media groups , however , 10 minutes after the first blast .
And for the third time , it specifically threatened The Times of India for attacking terror .
The first blast took place at Ghaffar Market at 6.10 pm .
Soon after that , two explosions rocked Connaught Place , one at Barakambha Road near Gopaldas Building at 6.30 pm and the other near the Metro station at the Central Park at 6.31 pm .
Almost simultaneously , a blast hit M - block market in Greater Kailash - I near McDonald 's and seven minutes later another bomb went off near Prince Pan Corner in the same market .
All blasts were of low intensity , and the defused bombs suggest they used the cocktail of ammonium nitrate , gun powder , ball bearings and nails , with timer devices , the same kind of bombs that were used in Jaipur , Bangalore and Ahmedabad , indicating that it 's the same group that 's wreaking terror across the country .
Eyewitnesses said that explosives at Connaught Place were kept in a dustbin in Central Park of Connaught Place while at Gopaldas building , the bombs were kept in a dustbin next to the bus stand .
An 11 - year - old boy , Rohit ( name changed ) who had witnessed two persons wearing a black dress putting two plastic bags inside the dustbin , is being examined by the cops .
Police say the first blast in Karol Bagh was the result of a Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG ) cylinder explosion .
The impact of the blasts in Karol Bagh could be gauged by the fact that an auto was thrown up in the air and got caught in the electrical wires .
" The terrorist have used the CNG autorickshaw to maximise the impact and we have so far not been able to find the number plate of the vehicle , " said a police officer .
Eyewitnesses claim that explosives were loaded on a bicycle near Prince Pan Centre in GK I and another inside a dustbin near McDonald's .
All the blasts were of low intensity and ball bearings were used to maximize the impact , said investigators .
In GK's M block market , the blast took place next to a Maruti car to maximise the impact but it did not explode averting a bigger tragedy .
Cops said that a low intensity blast with a timer was used to trigger the blast .
The second blast which took place next to a pan shop was higher intensity but shopkeepers and shoppers had evacuated the area by then , reducing the human loss .
All the blast sites were popular shopping destinations , and all of them were teeming with people on weekend shopping .
Three unexploded bombs were found later taking the total number of bombs to 8 .
The first was found near India Gate inside a dustbin at the Children 's Park and one was defused at Regal Cinema Hall which was lying on the road , while another one was found at Central Park , again inside a dustbin .
A National Security Guard ( NSG ) team defused the bombs after they were informed by the witnesses about unclaimed objects .
NSG experts were assessing the situation and nature of explosives used .
Joint Commissioner of Police , Special cell , Karnal Singh said , " The nature of explosives and bombs used are similar to those used in Jaipur and Ahmedabad .
Chemicals were used along with nails and ball bearings and it was set off using electronic timers . "
The police are scanning CCTV footage of the GK I M block market and at Karol Bagh area to zero in on suspects .
Delhi Police say that the Capital was always on high alert but there was no specific threat perception .
It had gone down after the terror module of SIMI - Indian Mujahideen ring was allegedly busted by Ahmedabad police .
The Delhi Police have also installed a helpline for victims and any person willing to provide information and seek assistance .
People can call on 011-23490212 .
Delhi Police spokesperson Rajan Bhagat said , " We have got vital clues on the blasts and are examing the same . "
WASHINGTON  The Justice Department finalized on Friday an overhaul of rules that will give the Federal Bureau of Investigation freer rein to begin investigations into the possibility of terrorism , even without evidence of wrongdoing .
Attorney General Michael B. Mukasey approved the new guidelines after a review of several months that sought to consolidate different and sometimes conflicting standards within the F.B.I. that govern when agents can use informants , do undercover surveillance , interview witnesses or use other investigative techniques .
Mr. Mukasey and Robert S. Mueller III , director of the F.B.I. , said the new guidelines , which will take effect Dec. 1 , “ provide the F.B.I. with the authority and flexibility it needs to protect the nation from terrorist threats . ”
The new guidelines , reflecting the evolution of the F.B.I. in the seven years since the Sept. 11 attacks , state that “ the F.B.I. is an intelligence agency as well as a law enforcement agency . ”
They are also one of the final steps by the Bush administration to extend its far - reaching counterterrorism policies into the next administration and beyond .
PALO ALTO , Calif .  Enterprise collaboration tools provider Socialtext said it is upping the ante in the competition for corporate customers with today 's release of Socialtext 3.0 .
The trio of applications in Socialtext 3.0 are People , Dashboard and a major upgrade of the company 's Workspace enterprise Wiki .
Company co-founder and chairman Ross Mayfield showed off the new version in a briefing with InternetNews.com .
He also previewed Socialtext Signals , a Twitter - like micro-blogging tool designed for the enterprise .
Signals is going into a private beta test phase this week , according to Mayfield .
" We 're putting social networking to work , " Mayfield said .
This is n't about games and [ asking ] , " Are you a friend , Yes or No ? ' .
This is about faster discovery of expertise within the enterprise . "
The release of Socialtext 3.0 , which was announced in April , comes as a new generation of users  weened on consumer - oriented social networking services such as MySpace and Facebook expect some of those same collaborative services where they work .
Socialtext People is designed to enabled a detailed user directory built to give enterprise employees an easy way to provide information about themselves and make their expertise easily accessible to others .
You can also subscribe to specific colleagues to get regular updates of their activities .
Dashboard provides customizable view of online conversations and various social network activities .
An alert feed shows progress on relevant projects .
Mayfield compares it to Google 's customizable home page , iGoogle , but for enterprise users .
You can aggregate all your information in one place using a widget - based , drag - and - drop dashboard and manage your attention across Socialtext , other enterprise systems and the Web itself , " he said .
Workspace , an enterprise wiki designed to facilitate collaboration , is Socialtext 's flagship product .
The upgraded Workspace sports what the company said is significant usability improvements and tight integration to Dashboard and People .
A Wiki for the Enterprise
Mayfield said Workspace is different than consumer wikis such as the popular Wikipedia .
" Wikis typically suppress the identify of users and that 's a good thing when you want to give what 's posted equal weight , " he said .
" But in the enterprise , who says something may matter more than what is said . "
Socialtext 's People is designed to offer ready access to that background information .
Authors ' names , for example , are hyperlinked back to their bio and other information about them .
Signals , the forthcoming micro-blogging tool , is designed to integrate with the rest of the Socialtext platform , giving context for what users are " signaling " or messaging , and why .
" The widget - based Dashboard is something sales reps would like , because they want to get their information in as few clicks as possible , " Aberdeen Group analyst Alex Jefferies , told InternetNews.com .
He said the key for any so - called Enteprise 2.0 or social networking provider looking to gain business customers is adoption .
" It has to be integrated with people 's work routines , " Jefferies said .
" Anyone buying in has to first consider what they 're trying to achieve and make sure the workflow is in place to customize the system properly .
He credits Socialtext for offering permissions , role - based access to information and other regulations that may not be necessary for a consumer service but are crucial in the enterprise .
Jefferies said he thinks Signals could prove a popular service once it 's available commercially , though he said it will face competition from companies such as Socialcast , which already offer some form of micro-blogging designed for the enterprise .
Jefferies said a recent Aberdeen Group survey of sales and marketing professionals revealed that 86 percent use e-mail as their primary source of collaboration .
" Think about all the information that gets lost in the shuffle , that a simpler , more immediate tool like Signals could streamline , " Jefferies said .
" Anything that reduces reliance on e-mail has a chance . "
A free , 30 - day trial version of the Socialtext 3.0 is available at Socialtext.com .
As you start to look at the things involved with mosquitoes and how to deal with them , it may seem complex or confusing to try and figure out exactly what it is that may be going on .
How do you know that you ’ve got everything you need ?
Are there considerations ( continue reading … )
Apple shares fell as much as 5.4 per cent this morning after a report on CNN's " citizen journalist " web site said Steve Jobs had suffered a major heart attack .
According to Bloomberg , the computer maker / cult denied the report , and shares promptly rebounded .
At last check , they sat at $ 104.51 , up 4.4 per cent in trading on the NASDAQ exchange .
Sometime this morning , an anonymous poster unloaded the following paragraph on iReport , a CNN - owned site dedicated to citizen journalism unfounded rumor :
Steve Jobs was rushed to the ER just a few hours ago after suffering a major heart attack .
I have an insider who tells me that paramedics were called after Steve claimed to be suffering from severe chest pains and shortness of breath .
My source has opted to remain anonymous , but he is quite reliable .
I have n't seen anything about this anywhere else yet , and as of right now , I have no further information , so I thought this would be a good place to start .
If anyone else has more information , please share it .
At about 10 am Eastern time , Silicon Alley Insider posted a denial from Apple .
" It is not true , " said Katie Cotton , Apple vp of worldwide communications .
According to Silicon Alley , the iReport post remained online for another twenty minutes before being removed .
At one point this morning , Apple 's share price hit a 17 - month low of $ 94.65 .
Over the past year , the company 's stock has dropped 49 per cent , due at least in part to questions over the health of its cult leader .
Four years ago , Jobs had surgery to treat pancreatic cancer , and when he turned up at Apple 's Worldwide Developer Conference in July to unveil the 3Jesus Phone , he was noticeable thinner than usual .
Twelve days after his WWDC appearance , The New York Times reported that Jobs had " assured several people " that he was cancer free .
A month after that , Bloomberg published a 17 - page Jobs obituary .
But it would appear he is very much alive .
Unfortunately , so is online citizen journalism .
Silicon Alley Insider Henry Blodget predicts that iReport post will lead to an SEC investigation .
And he knows a thing or two about the SEC investigating alleged Wall Street fraud .
In 2003 , the SEC banned him from the financial industry for life . ®
On Sarah Palin
Reagan in a skirt , laying on the homespun , Howdy Doody schtick THICK - that is what went through my head as I cringed and suffered though almost every Sarah Palin answer in last night 's debate .
If you could call spewing talking points , flirting with the audience , and milking the I 'm - just - a- regular - gal thing answering questions .
Sarah Palin 's version of answering pattern goes something like this " Generality , generality , I know how it feels [ wink , wink , smile , smile ] generality . "
Functionally stupid is the best way I can characterize how Sarah Palin comes across , although I never could have conceived of the idea until I got a stomach full of it with Bush .
Not low - IQ or utterly ignorant exactly , but perhaps unable to think in terms of specifics .
Locked into a generalities - only schema .
Functional stupidity is a sort of banality of fuzzy thinking that also swirled around the German leaders of WWII - they stuck to generalities and were able to get away with all manner of atrocities .
Generalities are so big , so uncreative , so brain - warped , that they can be an excuse for anything .
( Deprive women of the right to choose ?
You betcha !
Bomb , bomb , bomb , bomb , bomb Iran ?
Golly gee willickers , why not ?
Something must be done about too much government .
And what about those tax - and - spend Liberals , huh ? ) .
I see Palin as a throw - back to a time when there was plenty of unspoiled environment to desecrate at will , to a mythical land where humans and dinosaurs and Creationists all lived in nice little caves together , and homosexuals were simply people who were confused .
Frankly , I could not be more afraid of a Palin presidency , since McCain has unrevealed medical ailments and is the oldest presidential candidate in history , the idea is not that far fetched .
I am also afraid of those voters who actually support Palin , as though it 's a good thing to be Medieval , uninformed , and damned proud of it .
How did we get to this point of honoring functional stupidity ?
On Joe Biden
Diametrically opposite the Gidget - goes - to - Washington act , Joe Biden proved , as expected , to be a formidable and substantial vice presidential pick .
Although he had to work up a head of steam - his first 10 minutes or so were slow going emotionally , as he forgot to look into the camera ( night - and - day different from Palin , who worked the camera like a Marilyn Monroe wannabe ) , and did n't pack a righteous punch -- at first .
Gradually Biden must have taken inspiration from the banal generalities and outright untruths Palin would have gotten by with - until he called them out .
Again and again , Biden laid in with analytical punches , working in emotional ones too as he caught his stride .
Mid -way though the debate , Biden grabbed all power and clenched it until the last word .
Biden made me cry when he choked up , in defense of Palin 's implication that she deserved special credit just for being a mom , as though that gave her utter to represent the average American , unlike Biden .
Here 's how it went down :
After Biden choked up , Palin could have shown a touch of humanity by expressing a little sympathy , but instead , she launched immediately back into her talking points , as though on cue .
The bank apologised to Mr Jetley in a statement A man who chose " Lloyds is pants " as his telephone banking password said he found it had been changed by a member of staff to " no it 's not " .
Steve Jetley , from Shrewsbury , said he chose the password after falling out with Lloyds TSB over insurance that came free with an account .
He said he was then banned from changing it back or to another password of " Barclays is better " .
The bank apologised and said the staff member no longer worked there .
Mr Jetley said he first realised his security password had been changed when a call centre staff member told him his code word did not match with the one on the computer .
" I thought it was actually quite a funny response , " he said .
I tried ' Barclays is better ' and that did n't go down too well either
Steve Jetley " But what really incensed me was when I was told I could not change it back to ' Lloyds is pants ' because they said it was not appropriate .
" I asked if it was ' pants ' they did n't like , and would ' Lloyds is rubbish ' do ?
But they did n't think so .
" So I tried ' Barclays is better ' and that did n't go down too well either .
" The rules seemed to change , and they told me it had to be one word , so I tried ' censorship ' , but they did n't like that , and then said it had to be no more than six letters long . "
' Very disappointing '
Mr Jetley said he was still trying to find a suitable password which met the conditions .
He said his dispute with the bank started over some travel insurance , but that issue had been dealt with by managers independently .
A statement released by the bank said : " We would like to apologise to Mr Jetley .
" It is very disappointing that he felt the need to express his upset with our service in this way .
Customers can have any password they choose and it is not our policy to allow staff to change the password without the customer 's permission .
" The member of staff involved no longer works for Lloyds TSB . "
Lloyds TSB stressed there was no security lapse in this case .
A spokesperson said : " On the majority of transactions advisors cannot read customers ' passwords .
" In this case it was a business banking customer using a system where more than one person from a business can check their balance .
" In these cases an advisor can read the full password .
" But if such customers require more complex transactions , then full security procedures apply and advisors cannot read secure information . "
E-mail this to a friend Printable version Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
" Automated identification of terrorists through data mining ( or any other known methodology ) is neither feasible as an objective nor desirable as a goal of technology development efforts , " the report found .
" Even in well - managed programs , such tools are likely to return significant rates of false positives , especially if the tools are highly automated . "
" Terrorists can damage our country and way of life in two ways : through physical , psychological damage and through our own inappropriate response to that threat , " Vest said in opening remarks ( .mp3 ) .
Yesterday , Wired Magazine 's online network blog covered a report by a privacy and terrorism commission funded by the Department of Homeland Security that found that the technology designed to decide from afar whether a person had terrorist intent would not work .
The committee , created by the National Research Council in 2005 , says that false positives could quickly lead to privacy invasions .
Committee co-chair Charles
Vest made it clear at the unveiling of the report in Washington yesterday that the committee was not dismissing the threat of terrorism to us physically and as a nation .
The committee emphasized that the government should have useful tools to fight terrorism , but that they must respect Americans ' privacy .
See article in Wired Blog Network
CROWN POINT , Indiana ( CNN ) --
More than 2,000 voter registration forms filed in northern Indiana 's Lake County by a liberal activist group this week have turned out to be bogus , election officials said Thursday .
An official enters the Las Vegas , Nevada , ACORN office , which is under investigation for alleged voter fraud .
The group -- the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now , or ACORN -- already faces allegations of filing fraudulent voter registrations in Nevada and faces investigations in other states .
And in Lake County , home to the long - depressed steel town of Gary , the bipartisan Elections Board has stopped processing a stack of about 5,000 applications delivered just before the October 6 registration deadline after the first 2,100 turned out to be phony .
" All the signatures looked exactly the same , " Ruthann Hoagland , a Republican on the board .
" Everything on the card filled out looks exactly the same . "
The forms included registrations submitted in the names of the dead -- and in one case , the name of a fast - food restaurant , Jimmy Johns .
Sally LaSota , a Democrat on the board , called the forms fraudulent and said whoever filed them broke the law .
Watch how dead people are turning up on voter registration forms »
" ACORN , with its intent , perhaps was good in the beginning , but went awry somewhere , " LaSota said .
Over the past four years , a dozen states have investigated complaints of fraudulent registrations filed by ACORN .
On Tuesday , Nevada authorities raided an ACORN office in Las Vegas , Nevada , where workers are accused of registering members of the Dallas Cowboys football team .
And the group has become the target of Republican attacks on voter fraud , a perennial GOP issue .
A subsidiary of the group was paid $ 800,000 by Democratic presidential candidate Barack Obama 's campaign to register voters for the 2008 primaries , and ACORN 's political wing endorsed Obama back in February .
But Obama 's campaign told CNN that it " is committed to protecting the integrity of the voting process , " and said it has not worked with ACORN during the general election .
Brian Mellor , an ACORN attorney in Boston , said the group has its own quality - control process and has fired workers in the past -- including workers in Gary .
But he said allegations that his organization committed fraud is a government attempt to keep people disenfranchised .
Watch more about this investigation »
" We believe their purpose is to attack ACORN and suppress votes , " Mellor said .
" We believe that by attacking ACORN , they are going to discourage people that have registered to vote with ACORN from voting . "
CNN was unable to reach ACORN officials in Gary and in Milwaukee , Wisconsin , where the group 's Indiana operation is based .
Offices in both cities were empty when reporters visited .
Lake County elections officials have set aside all 5,000 of the ACORN - submitted applications in what Hoagland called the " fake pile " for later review .
But she said every one will be reviewed before the election to make sure no legitimate voters are skipped .
There has been no evidence of voter fraud yet , because voters have yet to go to the polls .
But elections officials say they will be sending their information to prosecutors , who will determine whether any investigation will begin .
" We have no idea what the motive behind it is , " she said .
" It 's just overwhelming to us . "
All About Election Fraud • Indiana
Sarah Palin 's debate preppers have probably provided her with some all - purpose answers for the debate .
Simon Says : 10 answers for Sarah Palin
ST . LOUIS —
On the one hand , Sarah Palin says that “ gotcha journalism ” is a very bad thing , but on the other hand , she has told reporters , “ You can even play ' stump the candidate ' if you want to . ”
I ’d like to vote for " stump the candidate . "
Advertisement
I hope both Palin and Joe Biden get asked very tough questions at their debate Thursday night , if only to provide the American public with entertainment .
Let ’s be open about it .
As I have pointed out before , most people watch political debates for the same reason they watch the Indy 500 : to see who crashes and burns .
And it has always been so .
Remember the Lincoln - Douglas debates ?
Sure you do .
Abraham Lincoln and Stephen A. Douglas debated seven times in 1858 for a Senate seat , and today those clashes are hailed as everything debates should be .
But as debate historian Joel Swerdlow has written , at the time , “ the Lincoln - Douglas encounters were popular mostly because they were excellent theater and not because what was said was particularly wise or revealing . ”
And who really wants wise and revealing ?
Would n’t we rather see a debate where the participants are crushed and humiliated ?
Clearly , as the candidate with less experience , Sarah Palin is a little jumpy .
She is already talking about how she is just a “ normal Joe Sixpack American ” and if a bunch of journalists ( like that known tough guy Katie Couric ) want to make her look bad , so be it .
Still , I suspect Palin ’s debate preppers have provided her with some all - purpose answers for Thursday night just in case .
These could include :
1. “ Bounces off rubber and sticks to glue . ”
2 . “ I know you are , but what am I ? ”
3 . “ OK , so I may not know where Waziristan is , but I can see Russia from my roof . ”
4. “ Drill ! Drill ! Drill ! ”
5 . “ I do n’t know the answer to that , but if you give me your address , I ’ll have my husband snow machine over to your house and punch you in the nose . ”
6 . “ How those hair plugs working out for you , Joe ? ”
7 . “ How should I know ?
I am not Sarah Palin , I am really Tina Fey . ”
8 . “ Sure , I said , ‘ Putin rears his head and comes into the airspace of the United States , ’ but at least I did n’t plagiarize it . ”
9 . “ The square of the hypotenuse of a right triangle is equal to the sum of the squares on the other two sides .
Oh , sorry .
Wrong cheat sheet . ”
10 . “ How much do you really have to know for a do - nothing job ? ”
You think those answers would make her look bad ?
I do n’t .
I think they would make her look great .
She would look witty and entertaining , and what else can you ask for in a national leader ?
“ Frankly , in American politics , the standard of intelligence and academic excellence is not very high , ” Ross Baker , a professor of political science at Rutgers , once told me .
“ Deeply reflective people are not common in American politics , and they are often not successful . ”
Which gives Palin a built - in edge .
But what about 10 answers for Joe Biden ?
Are you kidding me ?
The challenge for his side is getting him to shut up .
NBC : 5 of 7 have less favorable view of Palin after debate David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Friday October 3 , 2008
Print This Email This
The challenge for any presidential campaign a month before the election is to win over the remaining undecided voters .
Going by the reactions of a group of seven uncommitted female voters from swing states interviewed by NBC News following Thursday night 's vice - presidential debate , Sarah Palin fell far short of achieving that goal .
Only two of the women were willing to say they had been favorably impressed by Palin 's performance , while the other five indicated they were disappointed or had come away with a less favorable opinion .
In contrast , all seven hands went up when they were asked who now had a more favorable view of Joe Biden .
Five of the women had voted for George Bush in 2004 , one for John Kerry , and one was a first - time voter .
One of the two women with an improved view of Palin felt she had displayed a real grasp of the issues , saying , " Tonight I saw her come back in force a couple of times , and that impressed me . "
The other one of the two noted that " she just seems like somebody that I could sit across the table from and just have this great conversation with .
I mean , she 's feisty .
and I like that . "
However , even that woman , when asked for a pivotal moment in the debate , stated , " Biden said they would end the war and she said they would not .
That 's pivotal for me . "
Of the women who said they had come away with a less favorable view of Palin , one pointed out , " She avoided questions .
... I really do not feel that she 's ready to lead this country . "
Another , who was emphatic that " I wanted her to do well , " similarly concluded , " She has sealed the deal for me .
She is in no way ready to be the vice president -- potential president -- of the United States . "
A CBS poll of 473 uncommitted voters produced equivalent , if less dramatic , results .
In an incomplete tally on Thursday night , 46 percent said Biden had won the debate -- compared to 21 % who thought Palin had won -- and 18 % said they were now committed to the Obama - Biden ticket .
In a CNN poll of voters in general , not only did Biden outscore Palin by 51 % to 36 % , but almost half of those who felt Palin had exceeded expectations still believed she was not qualified to be president .
This video is from NBC's Today Show , broadcast October 3 , 2008 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Biofuels have forced global food prices up by 75 % - far more than previously estimated - according to a confidential World Bank report obtained by the Guardian .
The damning unpublished assessment is based on the most detailed analysis of the crisis so far , carried out by an internationally - respected economist at global financial body .
The figure emphatically contradicts the US government 's claims that plant - derived fuels contribute less than 3 % to food - price rises .
It will add to pressure on governments in Washington and across Europe , which have turned to plant - derived fuels to reduce emissions of greenhouse gases and reduce their dependence on imported oil .
Senior development sources believe the report , completed in April , has not been published to avoid embarrassing President George Bush .
" It would put the World Bank in a political hot - spot with the White House , " said one yesterday .
The news comes at a critical point in the world 's negotiations on biofuels policy .
Leaders of the G8 industrialised countries meet next week in Hokkaido , Japan , where they will discuss the food crisis and come under intense lobbying from campaigners calling for a moratorium on the use of plant - derived fuels .
It will also put pressure on the British government , which is due to release its own report on the impact of biofuels , the Gallagher Report .
The Guardian has previously reported that the British study will state that plant fuels have played a " significant " part in pushing up food prices to record levels .
Although it was expected last week , the report has still not been released .
" Political leaders seem intent on suppressing and ignoring the strong evidence that biofuels are a major factor in recent food price rises , " said Robert Bailey , policy adviser at Oxfam .
" It is imperative that we have the full picture .
While politicians concentrate on keeping industry lobbies happy , people in poor countries cannot afford enough to eat . "
Rising food prices have pushed 100 m people worldwide below the poverty line , estimates the World Bank , and have sparked riots from Bangladesh to Egypt .
Government ministers here have described higher food and fuel prices as " the first real economic crisis of globalisation " .
President Bush has linked higher food prices to higher demand from India and China , but the leaked World Bank study disputes that : " Rapid income growth in developing countries has not led to large increases in global grain consumption and was not a major factor responsible for the large price increases . "
Even successive droughts in Australia , calculates the report , have had a marginal impact .
Instead , it argues that the EU and US drive for biofuels has had by far the biggest impact on food supply and prices .
Since April , all petrol and diesel in Britain has had to include 2.5 % from biofuels .
The EU has been considering raising that target to 10 % by 2020 , but is faced with mounting evidence that that will only push food prices higher .
" Without the increase in biofuels , global wheat and maize stocks would not have declined appreciably and price increases due to other factors would have been moderate , " says the report .
The basket of food prices examined in the study rose by 140 % between 2002 and this February .
The report estimates that higher energy and fertiliser prices accounted for an increase of only 15 % , while biofuels have been responsible for a 75 % jump over that period .
It argues that production of biofuels has distorted food markets in three main ways .
First , it has diverted grain away from food for fuel , with over a third of US corn now used to produce ethanol and about half of vegetable oils in the EU going towards the production of biodiesel .
Second , farmers have been encouraged to set land aside for biofuel production .
Third , it has sparked financial speculation in grains , driving prices up higher .
Other reviews of the food crisis looked at it over a much longer period , or have not linked these three factors , and so arrived at smaller estimates of the impact from biofuels .
But the report author , Don Mitchell , is a senior economist at the Bank and has done a detailed , month - by - month analysis of the surge in food prices , which allows much closer examination of the link between biofuels and food supply .
The report points out biofuels derived from sugarcane , which Brazil specializes in , have not had such a dramatic impact .
Supporters of biofuels argue that they are a greener alternative to relying on oil and other fossil fuels , but even that claim has been disputed by some experts , who argue that it does not apply to US production of ethanol from plants .
" It is clear that some biofuels have huge impacts on food prices , " said Dr David King , the government 's former chief scientific adviser , last night .
" All we are doing by supporting these is subsidising higher food prices , while doing nothing to tackle climate change . "
This morning 's Washington Posttakes a bite out of another one of Gov. Sarah Palin 's reformer boasts .
In addition to touting her supposed opposition to the " Bridge to Nowhere , " Palin has crowed about cutting back on the perks of being governor .
During her speech before the Republican National Convention last week , Palin said she " got rid of a few things in the governor 's office that I did n't believe our citizens should have to pay for " : " that luxury jet , " which she " put on eBay , " and the governor 's personal chef .
( The jet actually did n't sell on eBay and was then sold to an Alaskan businessman . )
But as today 's Post reports , Palin apparently believes " our citizens should have to pay " for her to live at home .
The capital of Alaska is Juneau , but Palin prefers to stay in her family home in Wasilla , which is about 600 miles away .
Palin commutes to work in a state office building in Anchorage , a 45 - minute drive .
Palin has drawn a per diem allowance for 312 nights spent at home since she took office 19 months ago , the Post reports , for a total of $ 16,951 .
Per diem expenses are supposed to cover officials when they 're traveling on state business .
The Post quotes " officials " as explaining that Palin has drawn the per diem because her " duty station " is Alaska 's capital , Juneau -- the logic being that in staying at home , Palin is effectively traveling .
As a gubernatorial spokeswoman succinctly puts it , " The governor is entitled to a per diem , and she claims it . "
The Post also dives into the Palin family 's travel expenses billed to the state -- a total of $ 43,490 .
Palin did indeed drastically cut the amount spent on personal gubernatorial travel from her jetting predecessor Gov. Frank Murkowski , a drop from $ 463,000 in 2006 to $ 93,000 in Palin 's first year in office .
But the Post also details a list of flight expenses incurred by Palin 's husband and children .
It 's not clear from the story whether this violates Alaskan laws .
On the one hand , the state 's finance director tells the Post , " We cover the expenses of anyone who 's conducting state business .
I can't imagine kids could be doing that . "
On the other hand , that same director points out the looseness of the laws .
Palin 's spokeswoman argues that Palin is entitled to have her family 's travel costs reimbursed because many of the hundreds of invitations Palin receives include requests for her to bring her family , effectively making the trips a matter of state business .
アプリキャストプログラミング
ここでは 、SONY社製テレビBRAVIAで動作させることができるアプリキャストウィジェットの作り方を解説します。
アプリキャストは画期的な取り組みと言えます。
今まで、テレビと言えばユーザは既存の製品を使うだけでしたが、アプリキャストの登場によって一般のユーザが作成したアプリケーションを動作させられるようになりました。 ユーザは、JavaScriptとXMLを使って独自のコードをBRAVIAで動作させることが出来ます。
組み込みプログラミングの一種になるため、一般のJavaScriptと違う部分も色々ありますが、慣れれば非常に楽しいです。
準備
アプリキャス トSDKをダウンロードする
エミュレータを動作させる
ウィジェットとして最低限必要なもの
USB メモリから動作させる
利用可能メモリの制 限
ウィジェットの投 稿
作ったウィジェットを体験空間へ投稿する
体験空間からのウィジェット登録
プログラミン グ
Hello World !
モードを理解す る
フォーカスモードサンプル
アクティブモードサンプル
フルモードサンプ ル
文字列表 示
文字列に色をつけ る
スクロールする文字 列
文字列の複数行表 示
確認ダイアロ グ
警告ダイアロ グ
ソフトウェアキーボー ド
ピンコード入 力
Webブラウザを起動する
PhotoPlayerを起動する
MusicPlayerを起動する
MoviePlayerを起動する
setTimeout
clearTimeout
setInterval
clearInterval
現在時刻を取得す る
時計を作ってみ る
XMLHttpRequestサンプ ル(1 )
layout.xml
Bitmap
Text
RichText
Memo2D
Prim
アプリ設 定
アプリ設定を有効にす る
アプリ設定でテキスト入力を利用する
アプリ設定でシングルセレクトを利用する
アプリ設定でチェックボックスを利用する
TIPS
ウィジェットプログラミングにおける各種制限事項
サンプル
RSS リーダーサンプル
はてなブックマーク注目/人気エントリ サンプル
ブログ検索サンプ ル
資料集
JavaScript関数一覧
By Ben Cohen
Robert Kuttner is my new hero .
He takes it to Sean Hannity , ripping him for his ludicrous view that the economy is ' doing fine ' .
Hannity likes to bully liberals , but Kuttner is having none of it and takes him to school :
By GM Ian Rogers
GM Vishy Anand just after winning the World Championship .
Photo Cathy Rogers
After a tense drawn final game in Bonn Viswanathan Anand defeated Vladimir Kramnik 6.5 - 4.5 to become the 15th World Match Champion , the first non-Soviet / Russian World Champion since Bobby Fischer in 1972
Anand was greeted with a 3 - minute standing ovation when he collected the World Championship trophy in front of a full house at the Bonn Exhibition Centre .
Receiving the trophy from FIDE Chairman Florencio Campomanes completed a circle for Anand .
The Indian Grandmaster 's interest in chess was sparked as a nine - year - old by watching Campomanes ’ television programme ‘ Chess Today ’ during the year his family spent in the Philippines .
Anand won so many prizes from ‘ Chess Today ’ competitions that by the time his family returned to Madras ( now Chennai ) he had an excellent chess book collection , which he read avidly .
Anand thanked his wife , Aruna , his team of seconds , other supporters and the public , and concluded his remarks in halting but understandable German , to the delight of the crowd .
The crowd then stood for the Indian national anthem , starting to file out when the ceremony concluded with the FIDE anthem .
At the post - game press conference , with a sedate Vladimir Kramnik by his side , Anand tried to explain how he was feeling .
“ I am happy , but more relieved than happy , ” admitted the Indian .
“ Yesterday [ after losing on Monday ] was not fun .
It was just the wrong time for a rest day for me , quite tough .
I tried to relax but I do n’t think I succeeded at all .
Vlad was pushing me in the last few games .
After this result I am still very motivated . ”
Both players insisted that they would continue to play actively , with Kramnik scotching rumours of his retirement .
“ If I have chances to play again for the world title , I will try . ”
“ When you lose you are not so relieved , just disappointed , ” said Kramnik .
“ Life is like this – you do n’t always win .
It was a harsh lesson but before the match I knew I could lose to Vishy .
The last three years was a lot of pressure , a tough period .
I had a lot of matches .
Now I do n’t have this pressure .
I plan to take a rest and enjoy life . ”
Kramnik also expressed his hope that the match title would continue , a comment directed at Anand who notably did not say that he valued this win above winning the FIDE World Championship in a tournament in 2007 .
“ A title won under the match format is of great value , ” said Kramnik .
“ I hope that the match format will continue to decide World Championships . ”
Overall , the match was decided in the first half when Anand comprehensively outplayed his opponent and built up a three point lead .
( Kramnik viewed game 5 as the critical loss . )
After game 6 it was a matter of hanging on for Anand and he did this competently , despite dangerous situations in games 9 and 10 .
There is no doubt that Anand ’s was a popular success .
Commentator Artur Yusupov spoke for many when he said “ I am very pleased to see [ Vishy win ] .
Before this match there was some doubt [ about his status ] .
Now there is no doubt that he is the World Champion .
He is a great chessplayer and a great Champion .
And Anand ’s win is important not only for India , but for the whole world . ”
Anand wraps up the match .
Photo Cathy Rogers
Game 11
2513
Opening : Sicilian Defence
1.e4
A small surprise for Kramnik , who spent a couple of minutes before replying .
“ I take a few seconds to get concentrated , ” Kramnik explained .
1…c5 2.Nf3 d6 3.d4 cxd4 4.Nxd4 Nf6 5.Nc3 a6
Position after 5 ...a6
“ I spent some time yesterday trying to find a forced win for Black against both 1.d4 and 1.e4 , ” said Kramnik .
“ The Najdorf is not a bad opening , you know . ”
6.Bg5 e6 7.f4 Qc7 !?
8 . Bxf6 gxf6 9.f5 Qc5 !?
1.51
“ Quite interesting , ” said Anand .
“ I had no clue about the theory , ” admitted Kramnik .
“ I thought this was a novelty and I keep the game sharp .
9 … Nc6 was all I knew about . ”
10 .Qd3 1.42 Nc6 1.49 11.Nb3 1.38 Qe5 1.47 12.0-0-0 1.35 exf5 !?
1.35
Position after 12...exf5
A surprising decision , but “ If I do n’t play this move I am structurally worse , ” said Kramnik .
13.Qe3 ! 1.17
“ White is just in time , ” said Anand , giving the variation 13 … Be6 14 .
Qb6 fxe4 15 .
Qxb7 Rc8 16 .
Bxa6 0 - 0 17 .Qb6 and White wins material .
“ I was analysing the same line , ” admitted Kramnik .
“ After 17… f5 I have activity but it is not enough . ”
13 ... Bg7 1.12 14.Rd5 1.02 Qe7 1.09 15.Qg3 0.58 Rg8 0.59
“ White is better after 15 … 0 - 0 , ” said Kramnik , “ but this was a better chance . ”
16.Qf4 0.52 fxe4 0.49 17.Nxe4 0.50 f5 !? 0.49
Rather desperate , but after 17 … Be6 18 .
Nxd6 + Kf8 19 .Rd1 f5 20 . Nxf5 “ and then if 20 … Qf6 21 .
Qd6 +
I am escaping , ” said Anand .
18.Nxd6 + Kf8
Position after 18... Kf8
19.Nxc8 !
The final finesse .
Kramnik was hoping for 19 .
Bd3 Be6 20 . Nxf5 Qb4 !
“ when everything is hanging and there are tricks all over the place , ” said Kramnik , ” for example , if 21 .
Qd6 + Qxd6 22 . Rxd6 Be5 and the rook is trapped .
19 ….Rxc8 20 .Kb1 Qe1 +
“ 20 … Nb4 is not working because of 21. Rxf5 Rxc2 22. Rxf7 , ” said Kramnik .
21.Nc1 Ne7 22.Qd2 !
Position after 22.Qd2
22 ... Qxd2 23.Rxd2 Bh6 0.32 24.Rf2 0.36 Be3 Draw Agreed
“ Unfortunately I have no winning chances any more so I called it a day , ” said Kramnik of his decision to offer the draw and pass the world match title to Anand .
Put aside all the polling about who won last night , despite the fact it all pretty clearly leads towards Obama as the winner .
If I was the McCain campaign , there is something else that would worry me .
After the debate last night , I noted :
Someone should Lexis - nexis the 2000 post - debate coverage in which they chided Gore for his sighing .
I remember a lot of talk about how the debates were a time to let voters decide what candidate they wanted in their house for the next four years and blah blah blah kill me now you inane loudmouths .
If we were to use the Al Gore criteria , John McCain got his ass kicked tonight .
He was a cranky old SOB , scowling and ranting “ You do n’t understand ” and generally just a dick .
Folks on tv are calling it “ vintage McCain . ”
Loosely translated , that means everyone knows he is a dick , they just can not say it on tv .
I am not sure if you all remember how bad the prevailing narrative was for Gore after the first debate , but it was devastating .
An alert reader mailed in some samples :
By the time he got through rolling his eyes , heaving sighs every two minutes and interrupting Jim Lehrer constantly during the first presidential debate , Al Gore probably could n’t have been elected dogcatcher on the strength of his personal charm .
A good argument could be made that the game was lost right there .
Among those who have admitted to preparing Gore for that catastrophe was former Clintonista Paul Begala , a man whose dramaturgic wisdom is probably bad enough to make him a future election night commentator .
***
The debate was especially important to Gore .
Instant reaction to the first debate in Boston on Oct. 3 declared him the winner .
Except that what people remembered was n’t what he said , but how he exhaled .
He tried to put the focus on the size of Bush ’s tax cut ; what people remembered were the sighs of Gore ’s impatience .
Round one : Bush by default .
*** But Mr. Bush ’s biggest boost among married mothers might have come unwittingly from Mr. Gore .
In a focus group of Democrats , Republicans and undecided voters assembled by ABC to watch the debate , the women deemed Mr. Gore obnoxious and arrogant .
All those sighs and eye rolls !
Married women know those sighs all too well .
They have heard them from their husbands and know they are meant as condescending putdowns .
You can lament that elections should be all about the issues , or you can accept the reality that this sort of stuff killed Gore .
Bob Somerby still is furious about it .
At any rate , it was sighs and eye - rolling in 2000 , but in 2008 it will be anger , contempt , and the refusal to make eye contact .
Take it way , Eugene Robinson :
Here ’s the politically incorrect way of phrasing one of the central questions about tonight ’s presidential debate : Did John McCain come across as too much of a grumpy old man ?
That might not be a nice question , but it ’s an important one .
Americans like to vote for the nice guy , not the grumbling prophet of doom .
Throughout the 90 - minute debate , McCain seemed contemptuous of Obama .
He would n’t look at him .
He tried to belittle him whenever possible — how many times did he work “ Senator Obama just does n’t understand ” into his answers ?
His body language was closed , defensive , tense .
McCain certainly succeeded in proving that he can be aggressive , but the aggression came with a smirk and a sneer .
Your turn , Tom Shales :
John McCain wore the more presidential tie — that much can be said for him — but Barack Obama displayed the more presidential temperament , or the kind of demeanor people presumably would want in a president , when the two candidates met at the University of Mississippi last night for their first debate of the campaign .
Both men seemed well equipped in terms of facts and figures — especially , as one would expect , dollar figures — and neither made an outrageous blunder , although McCain did misidentify the new president of Pakistan .
More critically , he came across as condescending and even rude to his opponent , a bit of bad behavior especially evident because Obama may have overdone the fair - minded bit in many of his remarks and answers .
Imperiously enough , McCain — who had threatened not to show up for the debate because of America ’s financial crisis — seemed determined to avoid even looking at Obama as the debate went on , although they did shake hands at the beginning and end .
Many of McCain ’s answers were preceded with belittling references to Obama as if he were talking to a college freshman way out of his depth : “ I ’m afraid Senator Obama does n’t understand the difference between a tactic and a strategy , ” was one typical remark .
Bring us home , LA Times :
Obama declined to be belittled .
Although McCain refused to address him directly — despite encouragement from moderator Jim Lehrer — Obama looked at and spoke to McCain .
Obama often credited McCain on issues — a grace that was not reciprocated — but he did not accept the role of junior candidate .
That is just a sample of what is going to come .
Look for the appearance of the following words in days to come : cranky , grumpy , crotchety , angry , mean , rude , sneering , snarling , contemptuous , off - putting , snide , boorish , and worst of all , not Presidential .
SNL will probably drive the point home in a skit that will become the dominant narrative tonight , and McCain will become boxed in regarding his behavior in the second debate , much as Gore was unable to be as aggressive as he wanted in the second debate ( I remember the running joke was that Gore had been medicated for the second debate ) .
And if McCain does not tone down the contempt , it will simply feed the narrative .
Or , if we are really lucky , as someone suggested in another thread , McCain will overcompensate and spend the entire time comically and creepily attempting to make eye contact with Obama ( think Al Gore walking across the stage to stand next to Bush , and Bush looking at him as if to think “ WTF are you doing ? ” ) .
This should be terrifying for the McCain campaign for two reasons .
First , the base will not understand it .
To them , a sneering , contemptuous jerk is a feature , not a bug .
When they try to tone down McCain , it will turn off the diehards .
Look at the reaction of the base to Palin ’s RNC speech - they LOVED that she was , for all intents and purposes , nothing but an asshole the entire speech .
They loved the “ zingers ” that were written for her .
The rest of the country recoiled in horror , and Obama raised ten million the next 48 hours .
Second , they have spent the last few months angrily lashing out at the media , and these were the folks who used to love McCain .
The campaign no longer allows McCain to talk to the media , and the Straight Talk Express is the “ No Talk ” Express these days .
So for the bobbleheads that will be pushing the new narrative of the mean old McCain , the contrast is real .
It was n’t just the snarling you and I saw on tv .
It was the contrast from the nice , friendly , have some BBQ here are your donuts McCain to the new one .
They used to know him as their friend , now he is a jerk - the change to them is more dramatic than it is to us , and as such , the mean McCain narrative will be easier for them to adopt and pass along .
This thing is going to spread and will be really bad for Johnny Drama , and I am loving it .
howdtheyvote.ca was shut down on September 1st , 2012 .
For further details , see : my blog post .
Watch Now ON DEMAND on wwe network
BUENOS AIRES , Argentina ( CNN ) -- President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner repeated her call this week to decriminalize personal drug use and crack down on traffickers and dealers .
President Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner says she does n't like to " condemn someone who has an addiction . "
" I do n't like it when people easily condemn someone who has an addiction as if he were a criminal , as if he were a person who should be persecuted , " she told a meeting of the National Investigation into the Consumption of Alcohol , Tobacco , Psychopharmaceuticals and Illegal Drugs .
" Those who should be persecuted are those who sell the substances , those who give it away , those who traffic in it . "
A poll shows 2 percent of Argentines have tried cocaine , but some people believe decriminalization of drugs could result in wider drug use .
Regardless , the Argentine government is pushing Congress to pass the decriminalization legislation by the end of the year .
" Decriminalization of the consumer should include what are called second - generation human rights , but at the same time there should be a strong policy of prevention , so that no one falls in the situation of consuming any substance , " said Anibal Fernandez , the minister of security and justice .
Ethan Nadelmann , founder and executive director of the New York - based Drug Policy Alliance , said such policies have been adopted throughout Europe and other parts of Latin America .
Do n't Miss Legislators aim to snuff out penalties for pot use
" The evidence generally shows that the decriminalization of possession is not clearly associated with any increase in illicit drug use , " he said .
A few years ago , then - Mexican President Vicente Fox proposed decriminalizing possession of drugs combined with a crackdown on traffickers , but a harsh reaction from the Bush administration caused him to retreat , Nadelmann said .
Brazil and Colombia have passed laws decriminalizing drug use in an effort to combat the spread of HIV among injecting drug users , he said .
Politicians recognize that " you basically need to get those people out of the underground and into health systems , " Nadelmann said .
" This would be part of a growing number of countries in Latin America where there is , either for political or judicial reasons , a push toward decriminalization of personal possession , sometimes combined with initiatives to crack down harder on bigger drug traffickers , " he said .
" It typically involves both lessening the criminal sanction for possession of cannabis while also providing for alternatives to incarceration for people addicted to drugs who are arrested for drug possession or other minor offenses . "
The concept has gained followers in the United States , too , he said , citing statistics that show two - thirds of Americans support drug treatment instead of jail time for first - time drug offenders .
On Wednesday , Rep. Barney Frank announced a proposal to end federal penalties for Americans carrying fewer than 100 grams , or almost a quarter - pound , of marijuana .
" The vast amount of human activity ought to be none of the government 's business , " Frank said on Capitol Hill .
" I do n't think it is the government 's business to tell you how to spend your leisure time . "
CNN 's Javier Doberti contributed to this story .
All About Cristina Fernandez de Kirchner • Illegal Drugs • Brazil • Argentina
Microsoft has vowed to fight back against the launch of a new web browser by arch- rival Google , promising new features for its market - leading Internet Explorer and putting itself on alert for a challenge to Google on competition grounds .
Internet users in 100 countries were yesterday able to download Google 's Chrome , which is said to be less likely to crash and more efficient in running complicated applications .
Google shares jumped on the news , which analysts said was a step towards its aim of displacing Microsoft as the lead provider of applications such as word processors , spreadsheets and other office software .
Google offers a suite of such office products that users access free over the web , rather than buy and install on their PCs .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Microsoft immediately highlighted a new test version of Internet Explorer , which is used by three - fifths of internet users , and which it says will win over users concerned about their privacy on the web .
Dean Hachamovitch , general manager of Internet Explorer , said : " People will choose Internet Explorer 8 for the way it respects their personal choices about how they want to browse and , more than any other browsing technology , puts them in control of their personal data online . "
Microsoft has become increasingly willing to challenge Google for acting anti-competitively , and insiders will examine whether Google oversteps any legal boundaries with the way it links its browser , its core search engine and its new office software .
Microsoft itself is still reeling from competition assaults in the US and Europe which prevented it from bundling Internet Explorer with its Windows operating system .
Google has previously been backing Mozilla 's Firefox as an alternative to Internet Explorer , and Firefox is the second most popular browser .
This article appears in the January 5 , 2007 issue of Executive Intelligence Review .
Why Indian Scientists
Oppose the U.S. - India
Nuclear Agreement
by Ramtanu Maitra
At a ceremony in the White House on Dec. 18 , U.S. President George W. Bush signed the U.S. - India nuclear agreement , otherwise known as the Henry J. Hyde U.S. - India Peaceful Atomic Energy Cooperation Act .
The bill would enable American nuclear transfers to India to take place in the future , following a 32 - year moratorium .
In India , however , the opposition to the bill remains strong within the scientific community , which believes that it would stymie India 's indigenous and hard - earned thorium fuel - based nuclear program .
As a result of their pointed arguments , the Manmohan Singh government has yielded to the parliamentary opposition 's demand for a full discussion of the bill in India 's Parliament .
Although the opposition to the bill stems from two major segments of Indian society — the military and the scientific community — to the chagrin of the government , it is now actively discussed by political leaders .
On the American side , three other approvals — by the 45 - nation Nuclear Suppliers Group ( NSG ) , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) , and the U.S. Congress — are still needed before American nuclear transfers to India can take place .
Although the U.S. Congress voted overwhelmingly on Dec.9 to approve the bill , amidst strong resistance put up by the nuclear non-proliferation lobby , Congress still needs to approve the technical details of nuclear trade in a so - called 123 agreement — a peaceful nuclear cooperation pact with a foreign country , under the conditions outlined in Section 123 of the U.S. Atomic Energy Act .
Uneasy Non-Proliferators
There is little doubt that the White House , helped by a massive lobbying team mobilized on Capitol Hill by the Indian Embassy and non-resident Indians , considers passing the bill in a relatively short period of time as a great success in bringing U.S. - Indian relations closer in the near future .
The opposition to the bill within the United States was epitomized by a letter sent to the U.S. Senate in mid-November by 18 arms - control advocates .
They said that without amendments , the proposed legislation " would have far - reaching and adverse effects on U.S. nonproliferation and security objectives . "
Signers included Robert Einhorn , former assistant secretary of state for nonproliferation ; Lawrence Korb , former assistant secretary of defense ; Prof. Frank von Hippel of Princeton University ; Daryl Kimball of the Arms Control Association ; and John Isaacs of the Council for a Livable World .
Their concerns center around India 's alleged unwillingness to curb its nuclear weapons program , India 's lack of transparency in non-proliferation efforts , and its close ties with Iran .
A new report by the Congressional Research Service , which examines policy issues for Congress , found that while India does not want Iran to have nuclear weapons , New Delhi's " views of the Iranian threat and appropriate responses [ to that threat ] differ significantly from U.S. views . "
In 2004 , Washington imposed sanctions on two Indian scientists for nuclear - related transfers to Iran , and in 2005 and 2006 , four Indian companies were sanctioned for chemical - related transfers to Iran , the report noted .
In India , the opposition to the bill is based on an entirely different perspective .
India has remained a non-signatory of the Nuclear - Nonproliferation Treaty ( NPT ) since the Treaty entered into force in 1970 , following U.S. ratification .
Staying outside of the NPT - regime , India has tested its nuclear devices on three occasions — once in 1974 and twice in 1998 .
In other words , India has developed nuclear weapons , but it is not recognized as a nuclear weapons state by the five official Nuclear Weapons States ( NWS ) — United States , Russia , Britain , France , and China — which had all tested their nuclear devices prior to the existnce of the NPT .
Atomic Scientists and Military
The issue of future nuclear tests is important to the opponents of the bill in India , because they consider that such tests are necessary in order to upgrade India 's nuclear weapons to match nuclear developments elsewhere , and provide security to the nation .
The Hyde Act that President Bush signed categorically demands that India ban all nuclear explosive tests in the future .
It , however , does not address the fact that the United States itself is working on the design of a " Reliable Replacement Weapon " ( RRW ) to modernize its nuclear arsenal , and may indeed carry out a test in the future !
Moreover , in the " Definitions " section of the contested bill , it is clearly stated that the " Additional Protocol " is to be based on the Model Additional protocol of the IAEA applicable to non-nuclear - weapon states , which is highly intrusive , as pointed out by India 's former Atomic Energy Commission ( AEC ) chairman , M.R. Srinivasan , in a recent article in the English news daily The Hindu .
He also pointed out that the Hyde Act makes it clear that the U.S. President has to satisfy himself that India is working actively on an early conclusion of the Fissile Material Control regime ( FMCT ) ; that India is supporting the United States in preventing the spread of enrichment and reprocessing technologies ; and that India adheres to the Misssile Test Control Regime ( MTCR ) and NSG guidelines ( without actually being invited to be a member of these bodies ) .
These actions which India is obliged to take are not consistent with what " a strategic partner " ( which Washington wishes India to be ) should be taking .
Neither are they consistent with what India — described as a " responsible state with advanced technology " — should be mandated to take , Srinivasan affirmed .
What also concerns India 's defense planners about the bill , is the way it has been formulated .
The Hyde Act calls for achieving a moratorium on the production of fissile material for explosive purposes by India , Pakistan , and the People 's Republic of China .
It may be recalled that China has been producing fissile material for weapons purposes for a long time , while India was not allowed to by the NWS .
Therefore , stopping production of fissile material at the same point of time would lead to a serious imbalance .
The statement of policy goes on to say that the United States shall " seek to halt the increase of nuclear weapon arsenals in South Asia and to promote their reduction and eventual elimination . "
India 's Thorium Program Is the Issue
Indian scientists have made their views known about the inadequacy of the Hyde Act , citing two specific areas .
First , the bill says categorically that India cannot reprocess spent fuel from its reactors .
it demands this because the United States claims that the " no reprocessing " clause would prevent India from getting plutonium , which could be used later for making nuclear weapons .
However , there is more to the clause than meets the eye , Indian atomic scientists point out .
India decided on a three - stage nuclear program back in the 1950s , when India 's nuclear power generation program was set up .
In the first stage , natural uranium ( U - 238 ) was used in pressurized heavy water reactors ( PHWRs ) .
In the second stage , the plutonium extracted through reprocessing from the used fuel of the PHWRs was scheduled to be used to run fast - breeder reactors ( FBRs ) .
The plutonium was used in the FBRs in 70 % mixed oxide ( MOX ) - fuel , to breed uranium - 233 in a thorium - 232 blanket around the core .
In the final stage , the FBRs use thorium - 232 and produce uranium - 233 for use in the third stage reactors .
( See Ramtanu Maitra , " Thorium : Preferred Nuclear Fuel of the Future , " EIR , Nov. 18 , 2005 . )
To a certain extent , India has completed the first stage , although it has realized a dozen nuclear power plants so far .
The second stage is only realized by a small experimental fast breeder reactor ( 13 MW ) , at Kalpakkam .
Meanwhile , the Indian authorities have cleared the Department of Atomic Energy 's proposal to set up a 500 MW prototype of the next - generation fast - breeder nuclear power reactor at Kalpakkam , thereby setting the stage for the commercial exploitation of thorium as a fuel source .
One reason for India 's commitment to switch over to thorium , is its large indigenous supply .
With estimated thorium reserves of some 290,000 tons , it ranks second only to Australia .
Further , the nation 's pursuit of thorium helps to bring independence from overseas uranium sources .
Since India is a non-signatory of the NPT , its leaders foresaw that its civil nuclear - energy - generation program would be constrained in the long term by the provisions laid down by the commercial uranium suppliers .
The 45 - member Nuclear Suppliers Group demand that purchasers sign the NPT and thereby allow enough oversight to ensure that the fuel ( or the plutonium spawned from it ) is not used for making nuclear weapons .
A non-signatory of the NPT is prevented from receiving any nuclear - related technology and nuclear fuel .
India already began the construction of the Advanced Heavy Water Reactor ( AHWR ) in 2005 .
The AHWR will use thorium , the " fuel of the future , " to generate 300 MW of electricity — up from its original design output of 235 MW .
The fuel for the AHWR will be a hybrid core , partly thorium - uranium 233 and partly thorium - plutonium .
In other words , if India cannot reprocess the spent fuel to secure plutonium for the sake of converting thorium into fuel , the thorium reactors will never take off .
Separation of plutonium is essential for the eventual use of thorium as a nuclear fuel .
India therefore expects that reprocessing will be an important activity of its nuclear energy program
This is what has put the Indian atomic scientists on a warpath against the Singh government 's willingness to accept the bill .
Natural uranium contains about 99.3 % of the isotope uranium - 238 and 0.7 % of the fissionable isotope uranium - 235 .
Although uranium - 235 is the rarer of the uranium isotopes , it is the one that most readily undergoes nuclear fission , and is thus the most useful for common nuclear applications .
Therefore , to use uranium , the proportion of the uranium - 235 isotope found in natural uranium must be increased .
This process of increasing the fraction of uranium - 235 in natural uranium is called enrichment .
At the same time , one must note that while uranium - 235 is present in natural uranium in small amounts , uranium - 233 does not exist in nature .
Therefore , thorium - 232 must be converted to uranium - 233 in order to generate nuclear power .
Not an Easy 123
The second concern of the Indian scientists is the scope of " full civilian nuclear energy cooperation " ( Section 123 of the U.S. Atomic Energy Act ) that was promised to India in July 2005 .
India had assumed that this term encompassed the fuel cycle , namely enrichment of uranium and reprocessing of spent fuel .
In the discussions leading to the adoption of the Hyde Act , U.S. legislators argued that the U.S. Atomic Energy Act of 1954 specifically forbids export of these technologies , as also heavy water production technology , to other countries .
India has developed its own technologies in these three important areas .
According to an English news daily , The Times of India , India 's top atomic scientists have spelled out some of the key points to be incorporated in the 123 agreement are :
India should not be asked to participate in international non-proliferation efforts with a policy congruent to that of the United States .
There should be full - scale civilian nuclear cooperation , with an assurance of constant fuel supply .
India should be free to carry out more nuclear weapons tests .
Although the Bush Administration has shown a great deal of interest in seeing that the nuclear agreement goes through , it is highly unlikely that it would bow to the Indian atomic scientists ' demands .
At a Dec. 16 pow - wow in Mumbai , organized by India 's present AEC chairman , Anil Kakodkar , and attended by former six top atomic czars , The Times of India reported a scientist saying : " We hope the voice of the former nuke chiefs will now resound in those areas where the 123 agreement will be negotiated . "
This could spell danger for the bill , as well as for the Manmohan Singh government , which has made the bill the centerpiece of its foreign policy initiatives .
These top scientists and administrators of the country 's nuclear establishment told The Times of India that since July 2005 , bureaucrats in the External Affairs Ministry were calling the shots , either in New Delhi or in Washington .
However , there is now an indication that for the first time , these informed critics of the deal cannot be kept out of the country 's nuclear diplomacy .
The combination of corn , soy , and butter is as delicious as it is classic .
As Hiroko Shimbo writes in her book * Hiroko ’s American Kitchen * , corn and butter are a common pair in Hokkaido , the northernmost island of Japan , where both are produced .
Here , the three come together along with pan - fried tofu , scallions , mirin , and sesame oil to make an ultra- flavorful , just - rich - enough vegetarian main .
Serve it over rice , a chewy grain like farro or wheat berries , or arugula dressed with rice vinegar and more sesame oil .
A crispy fried egg would also be welcome .
The battle for the small car is getting hotter .
Soon after the Tatas stunned the world with a Rs 1 lakh car , Nano , Hyundai stated its intention to come out with a car that could cost less than Rs 2 lakh and hit the road by 2011 .
And now , auto biggie Maruti - Suzuki too is ready with Its small car .
The little car could hit the road , they say , as early as the end of this year or early 2009 .
The Suzuki car will come closest to rival Nano .
It will sport a Suzuki 660 cc engine – as against Nano ’s 623 cc – and wear a tag of around Rs 1.5 lakh on road ( that is , excluding insurance ) – a little higher than Nano , which is expected to be Rs 1.25 lakh on road .
The car might be called ‘ Suzuki Cervo ’ .
Data Mining You to Death Does Google Know Too Much ?
Google gathers so much detailed information about its users that one critic says some state intelligence bureaus look " like child protection services " in comparison .
A few German government bodies have mounted a resistance .
Julia Bonstein , Marcel Rosenbach und Hilmar Schmundt Von
While New Yorkers have been consumed by the stock market meltdown , a tiny little pet store quietly opened four days ago at 89 7th Avenue between West 4th and Bleeker Street in the West Village of New York City .
There are no puppies or kittens in the windows here .
Instead , a live leopard lounges on a tree in the window .
Or is it ?
In other windows , things get a bit more bizarre .
McDonald ’s Chicken McNuggets sip barbecue sauce .
A rabbit puts on her makeup .
A CCTV camera nurtures its young .
Clearly , that this is n’t your typical pet store .
So who ’s the “ owner ” of the Village Pet Store and Charcoal Grill at 89 West 7th Avenue ?
Banksy .
Once inside Banksy ’s pet store , you discover such things as breaded fish that swim in a large round bowl while hot dogs are living the high life under heat lamps in cages near the cash register .
This is the first time that Banksy has used animatronics , and the effect is absolutely amazing .
A clear departure form last year ’s behemoth show in Los Angeles , Banksy ’s first ever show in New York City ( the others have been fakes ) is being held in a tiny storefront that ’s less than 300 square feet and can’t hold more than 20 people at any one time .
One of our favorite things about what Banksy has done is that the entire show is completely visible to the public both day and night through the store front windows .
And unless you ’re a hard core Banksy fan , or until someone like us tells you , it ’s absolutely impossible to know that the work has been done by Banksy .
There are no paintings or graffiti in the entire space .
We ’re sure that as soon as people start reading this , photos and video will be all over the web .
But Sara and I do n’t want to give too much away .
It ’s just too much fun to be surprised ( and delighted ) in person .
So here ’s just a taste of what you ’ll experience in Banksy ’s “ Village Pet Store and Charcoal Grill ” .
Starting the moment you read this , until October 31st ( Halloween ) , Banksy ’s pet store is officially open each and every daily from 10 am until midnight .
One piece of advice - Bring a video camera as still images do n’t do the place justice !
IEBlog
7/17/2020
6 minutes to read
In this article
Internet Explorer Team Blog
As we announced last week , with the reveal of Microsoft Edge we are archiving the IEBlog .
Future ...
Author : ieblog Date : 05/08/2015
This morning , Joe Belfiore took to the stage at Build 2015 to share more about the next chapter in ...
Author : ieblog Date : 04/29/2015
As we continue to hear feedback from our customers , we are making investments in tools and features ...
Author : ieblog Date : 04/23/2015
Microsoft Security Bulletin MS15-032 ( 3038314 ) This critical security update resolves vulnerabilities ...
Author : ieblog Date : 04/14/2015
In March , the Project Spartan team hosted a small , by - invitation workshop at our Silicon Valley ...
Author : ieblog Date : 04/13/2015
As Gabe just announced on the Windows Blog , the latest Windows 10 Technical Preview build for phones ...
Author : ieblog Date : 04/10/2015
For several releases , Internet Explorer has had diagnostic tools that help developers debug visual ...
Author : ieblog Date : 04/02/2015
Today we ’re excited to announce the availability of a new build for Windows Insiders with the ...
Author : ieblog Date : 03/30/2015
Today we ’re excited to host some of our top web site partners , enterprise developers and web ...
Author : ieblog Date : 03/24/2015
In recent releases , we ’ve talked often about our goal to bring the team and technologies behind our ...
Author : ieblog Date : 03/23/2015
As part of our ongoing focus on interoperability with the modern Web , we ’ve been working on ...
Author : ieblog Date : 03/19/2015
Based on feedback from Windows Insiders , we are working to release preview builds more often .
Today ...
Author : ieblog Date : 03/18/2015
Last year , we introduced a new mechanism that Microsoft is building to better protect you against ...
Author : ieblog Date : 03/10/2015
As we announced last month , Project Spartan will be the new browser across all Windows 10 devices , ...
Author : ieblog Date : 02/26/2015
Today , the W3C published Pointer Events as a final Recommendation standard .
This journey began a ...
Author : ieblog Date : 02/24/2015
Earlier today , we flipped asm.js to “ In Development ” at status.modern.ie .
Support for ...
Author : ieblog Date : 02/18/2015
As part of our ongoing commitment to help build an interoperable , secure web that “ just ...
Author : ieblog Date : 02/16/2015
Last year , we committed to the principle that the mobile web should just work for everyone , and ...
Author : ieblog Date : 02/12/2015
Microsoft Security Bulletin MS15-009
This critical security update resolves one publicly reported and ...
Author : ieblog Date : 02/10/2015
Developers who build rich text editing experiences ( such as email , blogs , wikis , etc. ) are familiar ...
Author : ieblog Date : 02/04/2015
Internet Explorer 11 in Windows 8.1 introduced support for Professional Quality Video using Media ...
Author : ieblog Date : 01/29/2015
Last week , we shared the latest news for the Windows 10 Web platform and introduced Project Spartan , ...
Author : ieblog Date : 01/27/2015
Yesterday , we announced that Windows 10 will ship with a brand new browser , codenamed “ Project ...
Author : ieblog Date : 01/22/2015
To help web developers test versions of Internet Explorer more easily , we ’ve had a suite of ...
Author : ieblog Date : 01/06/2015
The Windows 10 Technical Preview November build and RemoteIE includes many changes and additions to ...
Author : ieblog Date : 12/15/2014
With two major updates over the spring and summer , we have continued to improve the developer ...
Author : ieblog Date : 12/09/2014
Disabling SSL 3.0 fallbackWe previously published Security Advisory 3009008 advising that Microsoft ...
Author : ieblog Date : 12/09/2014
Today we ’re updating our platform roadmap with a few more features that we ’ve started ...
Author : ieblog Date : 12/08/2014
In an effort to focus Web development discussions for Internet Explorer in one place , we have ...
Author : ieblog Date : 12/04/2014
Today we are adding functionality to Enterprise Mode for Internet Explorer 11 as part of the ...
Author : ieblog Date : 11/11/2014
In addition to improvements to the Enterprise Mode Site List announced today , the November update ...
Author : ieblog Date : 11/11/2014
Update
11/12/2014 : Windows
Phone client preview now available for RemoteApp .
Today , we ’re ...
Author : ieblog Date : 11/02/2014
As we shared in May , a top priority for Microsoft is helping customers upgrade and stay up to - date ...
Author : ieblog Date : 10/30/2014
Today , while several Internet Explorer team members are at W3C TPAC 2014 , the IE team is happy to ...
Author : ieblog Date : 10/28/2014
Together with the industry - leading expertise of Skype , we ’re excited to announce development ...
Author : ieblog Date : 10/27/2014
On October 1st , we launched the Internet Explorer Platform Suggestion Box ...
Author : ieblog Date : 10/16/2014
This post describes the October updates for Internet Explorer that we are releasing today and ...
Author : ieblog Date : 10/14/2014
The Windows 10 Technical Preview brings key advances to Chakra , the JavaScript engine that powers ...
Author : ieblog Date : 10/09/2014
Ready to speed things up ?
Here at Microsoft , we ’re rolling out support in Internet Explorer ...
Author : ieblog Date : 10/08/2014
As part of our ongoing commitment to help build an interoperable Web that “ just works , ” ...
Author : ieblog Date : 10/06/2014
Today , the Windows 10 Technical Preview was launched to give an early look at what ’s next for ...
Author : ieblog Date : 10/01/2014
Internet Explorer on Windows Phone 8.1 adds new media features that greatly expand its support for ...
Author : ieblog Date : 09/26/2014
Continuing our commitment to openly sharing our platform roadmap via status .
modern.IE , today ...
Author : ieblog Date : 09/18/2014
We love hearing from developers that the virtual machines , tools and offers available on modern .
IE ...
Author : ieblog Date : 09/16/2014
The August update for Internet Explorer 11 includes new capabilities to help web developers detect ...
Author : ieblog Date : 09/12/2014
The September update for Internet Explorer is focused on bringing the latest security updates to our ...
Author : ieblog Date : 09/09/2014
Next >
President Bush , Sarah Palin Weigh on McCain as Campaign Reaches Final Weekend Can McCain provide the " clean break " with Bush policies that he 's promised ?
Oct. 31 , 2008  -- Sen. John McCain's
White House hopes are being hobbled by his two most prominent Republican allies , President Bush and vice presidential running mate Gov. Sarah Palin , according to recent polls .
In an effort to buoy up his chances with just four days to go before Election Day , McCain today criticized Bush 's economic plans and vigorously defended Palin .
McCain has struggled to distance himself from Bush and his ankle - high approval ratings .
Bush 's economic legacy and his policies for dealing with the current fiscal crisis have been a particular drag on McCain 's poll numbers .
The Republican presidential candidate told " Good Morning America " today that for the final four days of the campaign , " We 're going to fight it out on the economic grounds . "
Moments later , he tore into the Bush administration for spending billions of dollars to rescue large banks but balking at aid for homeowners .
" I 'm terribly disappointed with this administration that they seem to be interested in bailing out the banks and not taking care of homeowners , " McCain told " GMA . "
The Republican president has been coming under increasing fire from the Republican presidential campaign .
Earlier this week , McCain called for a " clean break " with the Bush administration on its energy policy , charging that Bush was too reliant on foreign oil .
The latest ABC News / Washington Post tracking poll found that 50 percent of the voters believe McCain would mainly continue Bush 's policies .
That 's a severe handicap when more than seven in 10 Americans disapprove of Bush 's job performance .
While Bush has helped raise money for the election , he has not appeared on the campaign trail for McCain .
McCain has been relying instead on the endorsement of Samuel Joe Wurzelbacher , better known as Joe the Plumber , to drive home his economic message that Sen.
Barack Obama 's tax policies are more intent on " spreading the wealth " rather than rewarding hard work .
Prominent McCain Backer Eagleburger Offers Faint Praise for Palin
While still drawing large rally crowds and continuing to excite the conservative base , Gov. Sarah Palin may be weighing on the Republican ticket in its appeal to independents , often a key to victory in battleground states .
In a recent ABC News / Washington Post daily tracking poll , Palin 's overall favorability rating -- the most basic measure of a public figure 's popularity -- fell steeply .
A New York Times poll mirrors the ABC / Post poll from last week that found growing numbers of voters disapprove of McCain 's choice for vice president , believing that she is n't qualified for the job .
" It 's clear across a range of polls now that the Palin choice has hurt John McCain with some of the voters he was targeting , some of those undecideds , women voters , " ABC News chief Washington correspondent George Stephanopoulos told " Good Morning America . "
" While Joe Biden seems to have helped make people feel better about Barack Obama , the pick of Sarah Palin seems to have made them feel worse about John McCain , " Stephanopoulos said .
McCain came to his running mate 's defense when asked on " GMA " about comments by former Secretary of State Lawrence Eagleburger , a McCain supporter , who criticized Palin 's qualifications for vice president .
" Give her some time in office and I think she will be adequate , " Eagleburger told National Public Radio .
" I ca n't say she will be a genius in the job . "
" Larry has never had a chance to meet Sarah , " McCain told " GMA . "
" She has more experience than Sen. Obama and Sen. Biden put together . "
Palin has been a favorite of the party 's conservative base , however , leading to speculation about tension between McCain and Palin camps as the duo trail in the polls during the final grueling days of the campaign .
Earlier this week , Palin predicted victory during an interview with ABC News ' " 20/20 . "
" If it does n't happen , Elizabeth Vargas asked her about the future , " " GMA " anchor Robin Roberts said to McCain .
" And she said she 's not doing this for naught .
Gov. Palin is not doing this for naught .
Do you think she is the face of the Republican Party going forward ? "
" I think to a large degree as vice president or , o r... "
McCain said with a chuckle , trailing off before concluding , " She 's united our country to a large degree .
And she 's in many ways an inspirational figure . "
Watch Elizabeth Vargas Interview Sarah Palin Friday on " 20/20 " at 10 p.m. E.T
McCain also said Palin 's background as governor of a small state was not a drawback .
" I would remind you , there was an obscure governor of a small state called Arkansas that everybody said was n't qualified , " he said , referring to former President Bill Clinton .
" I did n't vote for him , but he got elected and re-elected . "
McCain Launches Final Weekend in Ohio ; Obama Looks to Expand Map
McCain began his Halloween campaigning in Ohio , which he has made a must - win state for his White House ambitions .
The Arizona senator will be flanked by prominent Republicans at several points over four rallies in the Buckeye State as the campaign heads into its final weekend .
Former New York City Mayor Rudy Giuliani and California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger will be on the trail to support McCain .
The candidate will also make an appearance this weekend on " Saturday Night Live , " which has become an essential stop for candidates .
Two top Republicans the public wo n't see this weekend : President Bush and Vice President Dick Cheney .
Bush remains in Washington as Sens. Barack Obama and John McCain fight to become his successor , and Cheney will be in Wyoming .
McCain released a new ad today featuring praise from an unlikely source -- Obama .
The ad , which will be shown in key battleground states , shows Obama praising McCain for his stand on climate change and that Obama often believes McCain is right .
Both McCain and Obama have been flooding the airwaves in the final lap of the 2008 presidential race , and a study by the Wisconsin Ad Project shows that McCain is being outspent by Obama by nearly three to one .
The Wisconsin Ad Project said that $ 38 million was spent on TV ads by both candidates and outside groups during a seven day period from Oct. 21 to Oct. 28 .
Most of that money , $ 21 million , was spent by Obama , the project said .
Those figures do not include the estimated $ 4 million Obama spent on his 30 minute infomercial earlier this week .
In addition , Obama is launching new ads in traditionally Republican strongholds , including McCain 's home state of Arizona , as well as in North Dakota and Georgia .
SAN DIEGO , Oct. 8 ( UPI ) -- Clubs for homosexual students and their friends at two San Diego community colleges are fighting to keep their acronym -- FAGS .
Jason Frye , president of The Fellowship of Associated Gay Students & Straight Allies at both Mesa College and San Diego City College , told the San Diego Union - Tribune that he thinks the acronym serves at least two purposes .
Advertisement
" We wanted something with a little pop to it , and we wanted to neutralize an epithet like a lot of groups have done with the word ' queer , ' " he said .
Richard Dittbenner , a spokesman for the San Diego Community College District , said that both schools have banned the club from using signs and posters with the acronym while the district determines the law involved .
He said officials have received complaints from students and faculty at City College but not at Mesa .
Mesa President Rita Cepeda has suggested a compromise -- the acronym FAGS&SA .
Frye said that would work for him .
Reid , McCain speak
A Democratic source says Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid just spoke to John McCain today , and told him on the phone that it " would n't be helpful " for him to return to Washington .
Reid spokesman Jim Manley tells Politico's Martin Kady II that McCain called Reid about an hour ago , and said “ Harry , I hope we can sit down together , and act quickly . ”
Reid simply “ read back to him his statement ” from earlier in the day saying it would n’t be helpful .
McCain also called Pelosi to give her a heads - up .
Tories not as popular as media would have you believe
The Sage of Baltimore — H.L. Mencken — once famously noted that “ For every complex problem there is a solution that is simple , neat and wrong “ .
Mencken ’s words seem as apt today as they were when he first penned them .
Peruse the Op / Eds of any of the major capitalist papers in Canada and you will find a common refrain :
From the Toronto Star :
Federal election :
Who ’s the man ?
From the National Post :
Biggest Tory asset is Harper himself
Tories are well placed to win
The only problem with the deliciously simplistic media narrative , is that any attempt to paint the Tories as being well - positioned in terms of polls and popularity is simply not true .
Unfortunately for the purveyors of the media narrative , the numbers do n’t lie .
Having just recently completed a massive and long - overdue update of the Paulitics Provincial / Regional Polling Resource , it is possible to lay bare with the most accurate detail possible , the errors of any claims that the Tories are doing well .
In every province / region ( that ’s right “ every ” ) the conservatives are either within the margin of error of their 2006 election showing or worse .
Put another way , there is no part of the country , no corner of Canada , that has warmed to the Conservatives in over 2 years .
Provinces / Regions where the Tories are doing worse than 2006 :
Statistically significant :
Ontario ( down by 2.3 % even despite a ridiculous poll released by Environics which put the Tories at a whopping 41 % provincially .
If we factor out that one poll , they ’re down by 4.4 % . )
Alberta ( down by 6.4 % )
Statistically insignificant :
British Columbia ( down by 2.5 % )
Atlantic Canada ( down by 2.3 % )
Prairies [ MB & SK ] ( down by 2.0 % )
For those of you keeping track at home , that ’s not particularly good news for the Tories in parts of Canada representing 75 % of the population .
But , do n’t expect to read about that in the media anytime soon .
Detailed breakdowns from the Paulitics Provincial / Regional Polling Resource :
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Europe 's " Jules Verne " space freighter has destroyed itself in a controlled burn - up over the southern Pacific .
The European and US space agencies had planes in the air to capture video of the fireball .
Scientists have today warned that global warming could rapidly accelerate as millions of tons of methane escape from the arctic seabed .
According to preliminary findings , as the Arctic region gets warmer massive deposits of the greenhouse gas – 20 times more potent than carbon dioxide – are rising to the surface .
Orjan Gustafsson of Stockholm University , one of the expedition ’s leaders , said in an email from their Russian research ship that , for the first time , the team had discovered an extensive area of methane release so intense that “ the methane did not have time to dissolve into the seawater but was rising as methane bubbles to the sea surface . ”
The team believe that the accelerated release is connected to rising temperatures throughout the Arctic region .
Gustafsson went on to report that “ the conventional thought has been that the permafrost ‘ lid ’ on the sub - sea sediments on the Siberian shelf should cap and hold the massive reservoirs of shallow methane deposits in place . ”
However , extensive research across thousands of square miles of the Arctic seabed had revealed growing evidence “ that the permafrost lid is starting to get perforated and thus leak methane . ”
Image Credit – Nick_Russill via Flickr on a Creative Commons License
Take Jane Shreeves , a 24 year - old manageress from Reading , Buckingham .
Last summer Jane married
Andy , her long - term partner .
Now we all know that weddings are n’t cheap , as Jane ’s dad , Bryan , will more than testify !
But after buying the rings , hiring the venue , booking the band , the catering and champagne , and , of course , the all important dress , Jane forgot one important accessory : a high - class AbFab limousine .
Without the space and comfort of an Absolutely Fabulous limousine , Jane ’s silk dress was as creased as the worry lines on Bryan ’s face .
Now if only she ’d hired an Absolutely Fabulous limousine .
With an Absolutely Fabulous limousine , you and your bridesmaids can have the space to stretch without worrying about a crease , in fact the only thing you ’ll have to worry about is not spilling the chilled champagne that we provide !
And what better way to make an exit ( tin cans optional ) ?
So make your day very special and live out your dreams — AbFab limos .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
Stocks tanked Monday , amid the largest financial crisis in years after Lehman Brothers filed for the biggest bankruptcy in history , Bank of America said it would buy Merrill Lynch and AIG slumped on fears that it can't raise cash .
Treasury prices rallied as investors sought the comparative safety of government debt , sending the corresponding yields lower .
Oil prices tumbled , falling well below $ 100 a barrel on slowing global economic growth .
The dollar rallied versus the euro and gold prices spiked .
The Dow Jones industrial average ( INDU ) lost 504 points , or 4.4 % .
It was the biggest one - day decline for the Dow on a point basis since Sept. 17 , 2001 , when the market reopened for trading after having been closed in the aftermath of 9/11 terrorist attacks .
On a percentage basis , it was the biggest decline since July 19 , 2002 .
The Standard & Poor 's 500 ( SPX ) index lost 4.7 % , its worst day since Sept. 17 , 2001 , when it plunged 4.9 % .
The S&P 500 also closed at its lowest point since Oct. 27 , 2005 .
The Nasdaq composite ( COMP ) lost 3.6 % , its worst single - session percentage decline since March 24 , 2003 .
It left the tech - fueled average at its lowest point since March 17 of this year .
" It was an ugly day , " said James King , president and chief investment officer at National Penn Investors Trust Company .
" Lehman 's failure to find a suitor and Merrill deciding to cash in their chips before a similar fate could befall them really stoked the fears of the public . "
AIG exacerbated those fears in the afternoon .
And all the bad news is n't out there yet , King said .
" Investor confidence is at the lowest point we 've seen in a while . "
He said that after the government bailout of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac last week and all the other financial market bad news , this was just too much for investors .
But it does n't mean that the stock market is likely to see these kind of massive selloffs on a regular basis , King said .
Nasdaq and S&P futures pointed to a higher open Tuesday , when fair value is taken into account .
After the close of trade , S&P said it is cutting its debt rating on mortgage lender Washington Mutual ( WM , Fortune 500 ) to junk status , reflecting the ongoing credit market meltdown and WaMu 's exposure to the housing market .
WaMu shares fell almost 27 % during the session and lost another 11 % in extended - hours trading .
Also after the close , Hewlett - Packard ( HPQ , Fortune 500 ) said it will cut 24,600 jobs , or 7.5 % of the combined workforce of HP and the recently - purchased EDS .
Shares were barely changed in extended - hours trading .
Stock market meltdown : Global markets tumbled as investors reeled after Lehman Brothers filed for bankruptcy , Merrill Lynch was forced to sell itself to Bank of America and investors awaited AIG 's restructuring announcement .
" You have to throw out the history books because there 's really nothing to compare this to , " said Jim Dunigan , chief investment officer at PNC Advisors .
" Any speculation as to what inning we 're in becomes difficult because each step of the way seems to bring another drop , " Dunigan said .
Art Hogan , chief market strategist for Jefferies & Co. , said the magnitude of the financial industry fallout is unprecedented , and could only be compared to the Great Depression of the 1930s or the railroad bankruptcies of the 1800s .
" We 've never witnessed this before , " said Hogan .
" There 's no road map for this . "
Dow - component insurer AIG and mortgage lender Washington Mutual are the latest companies to spark investor fear .
AIG has been scrambling to raise enough cash to fend off ratings agency downgrades and stay afloat .
N.Y. Gov. David Paterson said in the afternoon that AIG will be allowed to use $ 20 billion in assets through its subsidiaries to stay afloat , basically providing itself with a bridge loan .
AIG has also reportedly asked the Federal Reserve for a roughly $ 40 billion bridge loan over the weekend .
In addition , the federal government has asked Goldman Sachs and JP Morgan to lead a $ 70 billion to $ 75 billion lending pool for the company , the Wall Street Journal reported .
( Full story )
Shares of AIG ( AIG , Fortune 500 ) slumped 60.8 % .
The developments of the day cemented for investors that the credit crisis is far from over , six months after the near - collapse and government rescue of Bear Stearns .
" The landscape has changed and a lot of the major players who were are no more , so of course people are panicked , " said Stephen Leeb , president at Leeb Capital Management .
" But it 's not the end of capitalism , " he said .
" This may usher in something worse than what we 've seen in terms of the economy , but the companies left standing at the end of this will be OK . "
Merrill Lynch 's buyout was perhaps providing some reassurance to investors , said Dunigan , in that it shows there is still value in the market .
Losses were also tempered by the Federal Reserve 's decisions to loosen up its lending restrictions .
The central bank could end up cutting the fed funds rate , its key overnight bank lending rate , when it meets Tuesday , analysts said .
The fed funds rate currently stands at 2.0 % .
Also helping Tuesday : news that a group of 10 banks including Morgan Stanley , Goldman Sachs and Barclays had given up to $ 7 billion each to create a $ 70 billion lending pool to help smaller institutions .
Lehman bankruptcy : Lehman Brothers ( LEH , Fortune 500 ) announced it was filing for bankruptcy , after weekend talks aimed at saving the 158 - year old firm failed .
The filing came shortly after midnight Monday , after Bank of America and Barclays pulled out of negotiations to acquire Lehman , which has lost $ 60 billion in bad real estate bets and the credit market 's collapse .
Unlike with Bear Stearns back in March , the government was reportedly not willing to help finance a takeover , bailout or restructuring of Lehman Brothers .
This reportedly contributed to the reluctance of other firms to strike a deal with the troubled company .
( Full story )
Speaking in the afternoon , Treasury Secretary Henry Paulson said that he has n't ruled out additional government bailouts for the future .
He also said that the banking system is sound .
( Full story ) .
Lehman shares plunged 94 % .
( Full story )
Merrill Lynch buyout : After pulling out of the Lehman negotiations , Bank of America ( BAC , Fortune 500 ) announced that it will buy Merrill Lynch ( MER , Fortune 500 ) for $ 50 billion in stock .
The price values the company at more than $ 29 a share , a more than 70 % premium from Merrill 's closing price on Friday of $ 17.05 .
The company has posted losses of more than $ 17 billion over the last four quarters and saw its stock plunge 27 % last week .
Shares had rallied more than 15 % during the session Monday before ending little changed .
Bank of America tumbled 21 % .
A variety of other financial shares plunged , including Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) , Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) , Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) and JP Morgan Chase ( JPM , Fortune 500 ) .
Market breadth was negative , with losers beating winners by over 18 to 1 on volume of 1.8 billion shares .
On the Nasdaq , decliners topped advancers by over six to one on volume of 2.75 billion shares .
10 - bank emergency fund :
In a bid to calm the markets , the Federal Reserve announced plans Sunday to loosen its lending restrictions to the banking industry .
A consortium of 10 leading domestic and foreign banks , including Goldman Sachs ( GS , Fortune 500 ) , Citigroup ( C , Fortune 500 ) , Barclays ( BCS ) and Morgan Stanley ( MS , Fortune 500 ) , agreed to create a $ 70 billion fund to lend to troubled financial firms .
The Federal Reserve , meeting Tuesday , could cut the fed funds rate , a key short - term interest rate , from the current level of 2 % , analysts said .
Oil :
Oil prices plunged as investors continued to bet on a global economic slowdown .
Additionally , early reports showed Hurricane Ike did n't do as much damage to oil rigs and refineries in the Texas Gulf region as expected .
Oil prices were down $ 5.47 a barrel to settle at $ 95.71 , the lowest point since Feb. 15 .
Oil dipped below $ 100 a barrel on Friday for the first time in five months .
Other markets :
In global trade , European and Asian stocks ended lower .
Many major Asian markets , including Tokyo and Hong Kong , were closed for holidays .
Treasury prices soared as investors poured money into the relatively safe - haven .
The rally sent the benchmark 10 - year note tumbling to 3.39 % from 3.72 % late Friday .
In currency trading , the dollar slipped versus the euro and gained against the yen .
COMEX gold for December delivery gained $ 22.50 to $ 787 an ounce .
25 Jahre " c't " Zentralorgan von Nerdistan
Sie ist die einflussreichste deutsche Computerzeitschrift : Die " c't " schreckt Hersteller mit erbarmungslosen Produkttests und IT - Manager mit gewagter Garderobe .
Jetzt wird sie 25 - SPIEGEL ONLINE hat Deutschlands bösestes Fachblatt besucht .
Eine Fotoreportage von der Technikfront .
Mathias Huber
A bug in the series 2.6.27 - rc
Linux kernel can permanently damage Intel 's e1000e Gigabit Ethernet card .
Linux distributor Mandriva offers a few suggestions -- and not only to its own customers .
The kernel bug had been reported earlier against the Beta 1 versions of openSUSE 11.1 and SUSE Linux Enterprise 11 .
The openSUSE project had warned against using these versions with CPUs containing the Intel e1000e network card .
The French firm Mandriva has now publicized further details on its official blog .
In Mandriva 's case the bug affected all pre-releases of their Mandriva Linux 2009 , but not any of their stable Linux releases or the final Mandriva Linux 2009 .
Apparently ICH8 and ICH9 chipsets with the Intel 82566 and 82567 network interfaces were affected .
Mandriva offers a few tips to remedy this in their blog .
The first is to find the affected chipset by issuing the lspci command as root :
lspci | grep 8256 [ 67 ]
Then issue the lsmod command to determine if the network adapter is using the e1000e card :
/sbin/lsmod | grep e1000e
If any output is returned , the hardware is affected and the content of the EEPROM might be overwritten , causing damage to the card .
To avoid this , Mandriva suggests issuing a command to back up the EEPROM data to a file for safekeeping :
ethtool -e ethX > savemyeep.txt
Today on Boing Boing Gadgets , our John has word of artist artist Wayne Martin Belger 's sculpture , " Third Eye , " a pinhole camera in a human skull :
Wayne Martin Belger makes pinhole cameras using a variety of materials including precious stones , metals , human organs , and bone .
This piece , entitled Third Eye , features many of these materials , all constructed around the 150 year - old skull of a 13 year - old girl .
The film is exposed to light through titular ocular cavity making a Polaroid momento mori .
The photos taken with this camera ( one of which is after the jump ) stay with the theme , their blurriness and patina making them look as if they were snatched from the memories of the dead .
The two - eyed look remains too seductive for Sheikh Habadan
A Muslim cleric in Saudi Arabia has called on women to wear a full veil , or niqab , that reveals only one eye .
Sheikh Muhammad al - Habadan said showing both eyes encouraged women to use eye make - up to look seductive .
The question of how much of her face a woman should cover is a controversial topic in many Muslim societies .
The niqab is more common in Saudi Arabia and the Gulf , but women in much of the Muslim Middle East wear a headscarf which covers only their hair .
Sheikh Habadan , an ultra - conservative cleric who is said to have wide influence among religious Saudis , was answering questions on the Muslim satellite channel al - Majd .
THE PSYCHOPATH - The Mask of Sanity Special Research Project of the Quantum Future School Imagine - if you can - not having a conscience , none at all , no feelings of guilt or remorse no matter what you do , no limiting sense of concern for the well - being of strangers , friends , or even family members .
Imagine no struggles with shame , not a single one in your whole life , no matter what kind of selfish , lazy , harmful , or immoral action you had taken .
And pretend that the concept of responsibility is unknown to you , except as a burden others seem to accept without question , like gullible fools .
Now add to this strange fantasy the ability to conceal from other people that your psychological makeup is radically different from theirs .
Since everyone simply assumes that conscience is universal among human beings , hiding the fact that you are conscience - free is nearly effortless .
You are not held back from any of your desires by guilt or shame , and you are never confronted by others for your cold - bloodedness .
The ice water in your veins is so bizarre , so completely outside of their personal experience , that they seldom even guess at your condition .
In other words , you are completely free of internal restraints , and your unhampered liberty to do just as you please , with no pangs of conscience , is conveniently invisible to the world .
You can do anything at all , and still your strange advantage over the majority of people , who are kept in line by their consciences will most likely remain undiscovered .
How will you live your life ?
What will you do with your huge and secret advantage , and with the corresponding handicap of other people ( conscience ) ?
The answer will depend largely on just what your desires happen to be , because people are not all the same .
Even the profoundly unscrupulous are not all the same .
Some people - whether they have a conscience or not - favor the ease of inertia , while others are filled with dreams and wild ambitions .
Some human beings are brilliant and talented , some are dull - witted , and most , conscience or not , are somewhere in between .
There are violent people and nonviolent ones , individuals who are motivated by blood lust and those who have no such appetites . [...]
Provided you are not forcibly stopped , you can do anything at all .
If you are born at the right time , with some access to family fortune , and you have a special talent for whipping up other people 's hatred and sense of deprivation , you can arrange to kill large numbers of unsuspecting people .
With enough money , you can accomplish this from far away , and you can sit back safely and watch in satisfaction . [...]
Crazy and frightening - and real , in about 4 percent of the population ....
The prevalence rate for anorexic eating disorders is estimated a 3.43 percent , deemed to be nearly epidemic , and yet this figure is a fraction lower than the rate for antisocial personality .
The high - profile disorders classed as schizophrenia occur in only about 1 percent of [ the population ] - a mere quarter of the rate of antisocial personality - and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention say that the rate of colon cancer in the United States , considered " alarmingly high , " is about 40 per 100,000 - one hundred times lower than the rate of antisocial personality .
The high incidence of sociopathy in human society has a profound effect on the rest of us who must live on this planet , too , even those of us who have not been clinically traumatized .
The individuals who constitute this 4 percent drain our relationships , our bank accounts , our accomplishments , our self - esteem , our very peace on earth .
Yet surprisingly , many people know nothing about this disorder , or if they do , they think only in terms of violent psychopathy - murderers , serial killers , mass murderers - people who have conspicuously broken the law many times over , and who , if caught , will be imprisoned , maybe even put to death by our legal system .
We are not commonly aware of , nor do we usually identify , the larger number of nonviolent sociopaths among us , people who often are not blatant lawbreakers , and against whom our formal legal system provides little defense .
Most of us would not imagine any correspondence between conceiving an ethnic genocide and , say , guiltlessly lying to one 's boss about a coworker .
But the psychological correspondence is not only there ; it is chilling .
Simple and profound , the link is the absence of the inner mechanism that beats up on us , emotionally speaking , when we make a choice we view as immoral , unethical , neglectful , or selfish .
Most of us feel mildly guilty if we eat the last piece of cake in the kitchen , let alone what we would feel if we intentionally and methodically set about to hurt another person .
Those who have no conscience at all are a group unto themselves , whether they be homicidal tyrants or merely ruthless social snipers .
The presence or absence of conscience is a deep human division , arguably more significant than intelligence , race , or even gender .
What differentiates a sociopath who lives off the labors of others from one who occasionally robs convenience stores , or from one who is a contemporary robber baron - or what makes the difference betwen an ordinary bully and a sociopathic murderer - is nothing more than social status , drive , intellect , blood lust , or simple opportunity .
What distinguishes all of these people from the rest of us is an utterly empty hole in the psyche , where there should be the most evolved of all humanizing functions .
[ Martha Stout , Ph.D. , The Sociopath Next Door ] ( highly recommended )
For those of you who are seeking understanding of psychopathy , Hervey Cleckley 's book The Mask of Sanity , the absolutely essential study of the psychopath who is not necessarily of the criminal type .
This book is no longer available .
We have it scanned and our team of researchers spent two weeks going over the text carefully to eliminate text conversion errors .
You may download the entire book FREE as a PDF from the link at left , top .
( Read A Sample Chapter of The Mask of Sanity ) " Likeable , " " Charming , " " Intelligent , " " Alert , " " Impressive , " " Confidence - inspiring , " and " A great success with the ladies " :
These are the sorts of descriptions repeatedly used by Cleckley in his famous case - studies of psychopaths .
They are also , of course , " irresponsible , " " self - destructive , " and the like .
These descriptions highlight the great frustrations and puzzles that surround the study of psychopathy .
Psychopaths seem to have in abundance the very traits most desired by normal persons .
The untroubled self - confidence of the psychopath seems almost like an impossible dream and is generally what " normal " people seek to acquire when they attend assertiveness training classes .
In many instances , the magnetic attraction of the psychopath for members of the opposite sex seems almost supernatural .
Cleckley 's seminal hypothesis concerning the psychopath is that he suffers from a very real mental illness indeed : a profound and incurable affective deficit .
If he really feels anything at all , they are emotions of only the shallowest kind .
He does bizarre and self - destructive things because consequences that would fill the ordinary man with shame , self - loathing , and embarrassment simply do not affect the psychopath at all .
What to others would be a disaster is to him merely a fleeting inconvenience .
Cleckley also gives grounds for the view that psychopathy is quite common in the community at large .
He has collected some cases of psychopaths who generally function normally in the community as businessmen , doctors , and even psychiatrists .
Some researchers see criminal psychopathy - often referred to as anti-social personality disorder - as an extreme of a " normal " personality dimension ( or dimensions ) .
We would characterize criminal psychopaths as " unsuccessful psychopaths . "
The implication , of course , is that many psychopaths may exist in society who cope better than do those who come to the attention of the judicial and welfare systems .
Harrington goes so far as to say that the psychopath is the new man being produced by the evolutionary pressures of modern life .
Other researchers criticize this view , pointing out the real disabilities that the clinical psychopath also suffers .
The study of " ambulatory " psychopaths - what we call " The Garden Variety Psychopath " - has , however , hardly begun .
Very little is known about subcriminal psychopathy .
However , some researchers have begun to seriously consider the idea that it is important to study psychopathy not as an artificial clinical category but as a general personality trait in the community at large .
In other words , psychopathy is being recognized as a more or less a different type of human .
One very interesting aspect of the psychopath is his " hidden life " that is sometimes not too well hidden .
It seems that the psychopath has a regular need to take a " vacation into filth and degradation " the same way normal people may take a vacation to a resort where they enjoy beautiful surroundings and culture .
To get a full feeling for this strange " need " of the psychopath - a need that seems to be evidence that " acting human " is very stressful to the psychopath - read more of The Mask of Sanity , chapters 25 and 26 .
Also , read Cleckley 's speculations on what was " really wrong " with these people .
He comes very close to suggesting that they are human in every respect - but that they lack a soul .
This lack of " soul quality " makes them very efficient " machines . "
They can be brilliant , write scholarly works , imitate the words of emotion , but over time , it becomes clear that their words do not match their actions .
They are the type of person who can claim that they are devastated by grief who then attend a party " to forget . "
The problem is : they really DO forget .
Being very efficient machines , like a computer , they are able to execute very complex routines designed to elicit from others support for what they want .
In this way , many psychopaths are able to reach very high positions in life .
It is only over time that their associates become aware of the fact that their climb up the ladder of success is predicated on violating the rights of others .
"
Even when they are indifferent to the rights of their associates , they are often able to inspire feelings of trust and confidence . "
The psychopath recognizes no flaw in his psyche , no need for change .
Psychopaths
In the New Age
At the present time , there is a veritable explosion of reports from our readers about their experiences with individuals they have encountered in the " alternative research " fields , as well as in general interactions of their lives .
What is so shocking is the number of such individuals that must exist , based on these reports .
This is not just an occasional event , it seems to be almost a pandemic !
Our research team and egroup have been engaged for some time in researching and analyzing these interactions and the characteristics and the dynamics and the personalities .
Our research has led us to identify them with " Psychopaths . "
They can also be Narcissists since Narcissism seems to be merely a " facet " of the psychopath or a " milder " manifestation .
You could say that the Narcissist is a " garden variety psychopath " who , because of his or her " social programming , " has less likelihood of running afoul of the law .
In this way , they are very efficient " survival machines , " living out their lives doing untold damage to their families , friends and business associates .
It is only when a person takes a long and careful look at the full - blown psychopath - a sort of exaggerated Narcissist - that they are able to see the caricature of the traits that then make it easier for them to identify the " garden variety " psychopath - and / or the Narcissist .
Our world seems to have been invaded by individuals whose approach to life and love is so drastically different from what has been the established norm for a very long time that we are ill - prepared to deal with their tactics of what Robert Canup calls " plausible lie . "
As he demonstrates , this philosophy of the " plausible lie " has overtaken the legal and administrative domains of our world , turning them into machines in which human beings with real emotions are destroyed .
The recent movie , " The Matrix , " touched a deep chord in society because it exemplified this mechanistic trap in which so many people find their lives enmeshed , and from which they are unable to extricate themselves because they believe that everyone around them who " looks human " is , in fact , just like them - emotionally , spiritually , and otherwise .
Take , for example , the " legal argument " as explicated by Robert Canup in his work on the " Socially Adept Psychopath . "
The legal argument seems to be at the foundation of our society .
This amounts to little more than con-artistry : the one who is the slickest at using the structure for convincing a group of people of something , is the one who is believed .
Because this " legal argument " system has been slowly installed as part of our culture , when it invades our personal lives , we normally do not recognize it immediately .
Human beings have been accustomed to assume that other human beings are - at the very least - trying to " do right " and " be good " and fair and honest .
And so , very often , we do not take the time to use due diligence in order to determine if a person who has entered our life is , in fact , a " good person . "
And when a conflict ensues , we automatically fall into the cultural assumption that in any conflict , one side is partly right one way , and the other is partly right the other , and that we can form opinions about which side is mostly right or wrong .
Because of our exposure to the " legal argument " norms , when any dispute arises , we automatically think that the truth will lie somewhere between two extremes .
In this case , application of a little mathematical logic to the problem of the legal argument might be helpful .
Let us assume that in a dispute , one side is innocent , honest , and tells the truth .
It is obvious that lying does an innocent person no good ; what lie can he tell ?
If he is innocent , the only lie he can tell is to falsely confess " I did it . "
But lying is nothing but good for the liar .
He can declare that " I did n't do it , " and accuse another of doing it , all the while the innocent person he has accused is saying " I did n't do it , " and is actually telling the truth .
The truth - when twisted by good liars , can always make an innocent person look bad - especially if the innocent person is honest and admits his mistakes .
The basic assumption that the truth lies between the testimony of the two sides always shifts the advantage to the lying side and away from the side telling the truth .
Under most circumstances , this shift put together with the fact that the truth is going to also be twisted in such a way as to bring detriment to the innocent person , results in the advantage always resting in the hands of liars - psychopaths .
Even the simple act of giving testimony under oath is useless .
If a person is a liar , swearing an oath means nothing to that person .
However , swearing an oath acts strongly on a serious , truthful witness .
Again , the advantage is placed on the side of the liar .
[ Robert Canup ]
This highlights one of the unique things about the psychopath : their seeming inability to conceive of the abstract idea of " the future . "
It has often been noted that psychopaths have a distinct advantage over human beings with conscience and feelings because the psychopath does not have conscience and feelings .
What seems to be so is that conscience and feelings are related to the abstract concepts of " future " and " others . "
It is " spatio- temporal . "
We can feel fear , sympathy , empathy , sadness , and so on because we can IMAGINE in an abstract way , the future based on our own experiences in the past , or even just " concepts of experiences " in myriad variations .
We can " predict " how others will react because we are able to " see ourselves " in them even though they are " out there " and the situation is somewhat different externally , though similar in dynamic .
In other words , we can not only identify with others spatially - so to say - but also temporally - in time .
The psychopath does not seem to have this capacity .
They are unable to " imagine " in the sense of being able to really connect to images in a direct " self connecting to another self " sort of way .
Oh , indeed , they can imitate feelings , but the only real feelings they seem to have - the thing that drives them and causes them to act out different dramas for effect - is a sort of " predatorial hunger " for what they want .
That is to say , they " feel " need / want as love , and not having their needs / wants met is described as " not being loved " by them .
What is more , this " need / want " perspective posits that only the " hunger " of the psychopath is valid , and anything and everything " out there , " outside of the psychopath , is not real except insofar as it has the capability of being assimilated to the psychopath as a sort of " food . "
" Can it be used or can it provide something ? " is the only issue about which the psychopath seems to be concerned .
All else - all activity - is subsumed to this drive .
In short , the psychopath - and the narcissist to a lesser extent - is a predator .
If we think about the interactions of predators with their prey in the animal kingdom , we can come to some idea of what is behind the " mask of sanity " of the psychopath .
Just as an animal predator will adopt all kinds of stealthy functions in order to stalk their prey , cut them out of the herd , get close to them and reduce their resistance , so does the psychopath construct all kinds of elaborate camoflage composed of words and appearances - lies and manipulations - in order to " assimilate " their prey .
This leads us to an important quesion : what does the psychopath REALLY get from their victims ?
It 's easy to see what they are after when they lie and manipulate for money or material goods or power .
But in many instances , such as love relationships or faked friendships , it is not so easy to see what the psychopath is after .
Without wandering too far afield into spiritual speculations - a problem Cleckley also faced - we can only say that it seems to be that the psychopath ENJOYS making others suffer .
Just as normal humans enjoy seeing other people happy , or doing things that make other people smile , the psychopath enjoys the exact opposite .
Anyone who has ever observed a cat playing with a mouse before killing and eating it has probably explained to themselves that the cat is just " entertained " by the antics of the mouse and is unable to conceive of the terror and pain being experienced by the mouse , and the cat , therefore , is innocent of any evil intent .
The mouse dies , the cat is fed , and that is nature .
Psychopaths do n't generally eat their victims .
Yes , in extreme cases the entire cat and mouse dynamic is carried out and cannibalism has a long history wherein it was assumed that certain powers of the victim could be assimilated by eating some particular part of them .
But in ordinary life , psychopaths and narcissists do n't go all the way , so to say .
This causes us to look at the cat and mouse scenarios again with different eyes .
Now we ask : is it too simplistic to think that the innocent cat is merely entertained by the mouse running about and frantically trying to escape ?
Is there something more to this dynamic than meets the eye ?
Is there something more than being " entertained " by the antics of the mouse trying to flee ?
After all , in terms of evolution , why would such behavior be hard - wired into the cat ?
Is the mouse tastier because of the chemicals of fear that flood his little body ?
Is a mouse frozen with terror more of a " gourmet " meal ?
This suggests that we ought to revisit our ideas about psychopaths with a slightly different perspective .
One thing we do know is this : many people who experience interactions with psychopaths and narcissists report feeling " drained " and confused and often subsequently experience deteriorating health .
Does this mean that part of the dynamic , part of the explanation for why psychopaths will pursue " love relationships " and " friendships " that ostensibly can result in no observable material gain , is because there is an actual energy consumption ?
We do not know the answer to this question .
We observe , we theorize , we speculate and hypothesize .
But in the end , only the individual victim can determine what they have lost in the dynamic - and it is often far more than material goods .
In a certain sense , it seems that psychopaths are soul eaters or " Psychophagic . "
Conscience seems to depend on the ability to imagine consequences .
But most " consequences " relate to pain in some way , and psychopaths really do n't understand pain in the emotional sense .
They understand frustration of not getting what they want , and to them , that is pain .
But the fact seems to be that they act based solely on a sort of Game Theory evaluation of a situation : what will they get out of it , and what will it cost ?
And these " costs " have nothing to do with being humiliated , causing pain , sabotaging the future , or any of the other possibilities that normal people consider when making a choice .
In short , it is almost impossible for normal people to even imagine the inner life of the psychopath .
This leads us to what psychopaths DO have that is truly outstanding : an ability to give their undivided attention to something that interests them intensely .
Some clinicians have compared this to the concentration with which a predator stalks his prey .
This is useful if one is in an environment with few variables , but most real life situations require us to pay attention to a number of things at once .
Psychopaths often pay so much attention to getting what they want that they fail to notice danger signals .
For example , some psychopaths earned reputations for being fearless fighter pilots during World War II , staying on their targets like terriers on an ankle .
Yet , these pilots often failed to keep track of such unexciting details as fuel supply , altitude , location , and the position of other planes .
Sometimes they became heroes , but more often , they were killed or became known as opportunists , loners , or hotshots who could n't be relied on - except to take care of themselves .
[ Hare ]
It should be emphasized that psychopaths are interesting as all get out - even exciting !
They exude a captivating energy that keeps their listeners on the edge of their seats .
Even if some part of the normal person is shocked or repelled by what the psychopath says , they are like the mouse hypnotized by the torturing cat .
Even if they have the chance to run away , they do n't .
Many Psychopaths " make their living " by using charm , deceit , and manipulation to gain the confidence of their victims .
Many of them can be found in white collar professions where they are aided in their evil by the fact that most people expect certain classes of people to be trustworthy because of their social or professional credentials .
Lawyers , doctors , teachers , politicians , psychiatrists and psychologists , generally do not have to earn our trust because they have it by virtue of their positions .
But the fact is : psychopaths are found in such lofty spheres also !
At the same time , psychopaths are good imposters .
They have absolutely no hesitation about forging and brazenly using impressive credentials to adopt professional roles that bring prestige and power .
They pick professions in which the requisite skills are easy to fake , the jargon is easy to learn , and the credentials are unlikely to be thoroughly checked .
Psychopaths find it extremely easy to pose as financial consultants , ministers , psychological counselors and psychologists .
And that 's a scary thought .
Psychopaths make their way by conning people into doing things for them ; obtaining money for them , prestige , power , or even standing up for them when others try to expose them .
But that is their claim to fame .
That 's what they do .
And they do it very well .
What 's more , the job is very easy because most people are gullible with an unshakable belief in the inherent goodness of man .
Manipulation is the key to the psychopath 's conquests .
Initially , the psychopath will feign false emotions to create empathy , and many of them study the tricks that can be employed by the empathy technique .
Psychopaths are often able to incite pity from people because they seem like " lost souls " as Guggenbuhl - Craig writes .
So the pity factor is one reason why victims often fall for these " poor " people .
Psychologist Robert Hare cites a famous case where a psychopath was " Man of the Year " and president of the Chamber of Commerce in his small town .
( Remember that John Wayne Gacy was running for Jaycee President at the very time of his first murder conviction ! )
The man in question had claimed to have a Ph.D. from Berkeley .
He ran for a position on the school board which he then planned to parlay into a position on the county commission which paid more .
At some point , a local reporter suddenly had the idea to check up on the guy - to see if his credentials were real .
What the reporter found out was that the only thing that was true about this up and coming politician 's " faked bio " was the place and date of birth .
Everything else was fictitious .
Not only was the man a complete impostor , he had a long history of antisocial behavior , fraud , impersonation , and imprisonment .
His only contact with a university was a series of extension courses by mail that he took while in Leavenworth Federal Penitentiary .
What is even more amazing is the fact that before he was a con-man , he was a " con-boy . "
For two decades he had dodged his way across America one step ahead of those he had hoodwinked .
Along the way he had married three women and had four children , and he did n't even know what had happened to them .
And now , he was on a roll !
But darn that pesky reporter !
When he was exposed , he was completely unconcerned .
" These trusting people will stand behind me .
A good liar is a good judge of people , " he said .
Amazingly , he was right .
Far from being outraged at the fact that they had all been completely deceived and lied to from top to bottom , the local community he had conned so completely to accrue benefits and honors to himself that he had not earned , rushed to his support !
I kid you not !
And it was n't just " token support . "
The local Republican party chairman wrote about him : " I assess his genuineness , integrity , and devotion to duty to rank right alongside of President Abraham Lincoln . "
As Hare dryly notes , this dimwit was easily swayed by words , and was blind to deeds .
What kind of psychological weaknesses drive people to prefer lies over truth ?
This may have something to do with what is called Cognitive Dissonance .
Leon Festinger developed the theory of Cognitive Dissonance in the 50's when he apparently stumbled onto a UFO cult in the Midwest .
They were prophesying a coming world cataclysm and " alien rapture . "
When no one was raptured and no cataclysm he studied the believers response , and detailed it in his book " When Prophecy Fails . "
Festinger observed : A man with a conviction is a hard man to change .
Tell him you disagree and he turns away .
Show him facts or figures and he questions your sources .
Appeal to logic and he fails to see your point .
We have all experienced the futility of trying to change a strong conviction , especially if the convinced person has some investment in his belief .
We are familiar with the variety of ingenious defenses with which people protect their convictions , managing to keep them unscathed through the most devastating attacks .
But man 's resourcefulness goes beyond simply protecting a belief .
Suppose an individual believes something with his whole heart ; suppose further that he has a commitment to this belief , that he has taken irrevocable actions because of it ; finally , suppose that he is presented with evidence , unequivocal and undeniable evidence , that his belief is wrong : what will happen ?
The individual will frequently emerge , not only unshaken , but even more convinced of the truth of his beliefs than ever before .
Indeed , he may even show a new fervor about convincing and converting other people to his view .
It seems that part of the problem has to do with ego and the need to be " right . "
People with a high " need to be right " or " perfect " seem to be unable to acknowledge that they have been conned .
" There is no crime in the cynical American calendar more humiliating than to be a sucker . "
People will go along with and support a psychopath , in the face of evidence that they have and ARE being conned , because their own ego structure depends on being right , and to admit an error of judgment would destroy their carefully constructed image of themselves .
Even more amazing is the fact that when psychopaths do get exposed by someone who is not afraid to admit that they have been conned , the psychopath is a master at painting their victims as the " real culprits . "
Hare cites a case of the third wife of a forty year old high school teacher :
For five years he cheated on me , kept me living in fear , and forged checks on my personal bank account .
But everyone , including my doctor and lawyer and my friends , blamed me for the problem .
He had them so convinced that he was a great guy and that I was going mad , I began to believe it myself .
Even when he cleaned out my bank account and ran off with a seventeen - year - old student , a lot of people could n't believe it , and some wanted to know what I had done to make him act so strangely !
Psychopaths just have what it takes to defraud and bilk others : they can be fast talkers , they can be charming , they can be self - assured and at ease in social situations ; they are cool under pressure , unfazed by the possibility of being found out , and totally ruthless .
And even when they are exposed , they can carry on as if nothing has happened , often making their accusers the targets of accusations of being victimized by THEM .
I was once dumbfounded by the logic of an inmate who described his murder victim as having benefited from the crime by learning " a hard lesson about life . "
[ Hare ]
The victims keep asking : " How could I have been so stupid ?
How could I have fallen for that incredible line of baloney ? "
And , of course , if they do n't ask it of themselves , you can be sure that their friends and associates will ask " How on earth could you have been taken in to that extent ? "
The usual answer : " You had to be there " simply does not convey the whole thing .
Hare writes :
What makes psychopaths different from all others is the remarkable ease with which they lie , the pervasiveness of their deception , and the callousness with which they carry it out .
But there is something else about the speech of psychopaths that is equally puzzling : their frequent use of contradictory and logically inconsistent statements that usually escape detection .
Recent research on the language of psychopaths provides us with some important clues to this puzzle , as well as to the uncanny ability psychopaths have to move words - and people - around so easily . [… ]
Here are some examples :
When asked if he had ever committed a violent offense , a man serving time for theft answered , " No , but I once had to kill someone . "
A woman with a staggering record of fraud , deceit , lies , and broken promises concluded a letter to the parole board with , " I 've let a lot of people down …
One is only as good as her reputation and name .
My word is as good as gold . "
A man serving a term for armed robbery replied to the testimony of an eyewitness , " He 's lying .
I was n't there .
I should have blown his fucking head off . "
From an interview with serial killer Elmer Wayne Henley : Interviewer : " You make it out that you 're the victim of a serial killer , but if you look at the record you 're a serial killer . "
Henley : " I 'm not . "
I : " You 're not a serial killer ? "
H : " I 'm not a serial killer . "
I : You 're saying you 're not a serial killer now , but you 've serially killed . "
H : " Well , yeah , that 's semantics . "
And so on .
The point that the researchers noted was that psychopaths seem to have trouble monitoring their own speech .
What is more , they often put things together in strange ways , such as this series of remarks from serial killer Clifford Olson : " And then I had annual sex with her . "
" Once a year ? " " No. Annual .
From behind . "
" Oh .
But she was dead ! "
" No , no .
She was just unconscientious . "
About his many experiences , Olson said , " I 've got enough antidotes to fill five or six books - enough for a trilogy . "
He was determined not to be an " escape goat " no matter what the " migrating facts . "
[ Hare , Without Conscience ]
Those of us who have had experiences with psychopaths know that the language of the psychopath is two - dimensional .
They are , as someone once said , as " deep as a thimble . "
An analogy is given of the psychopath as a color blind person who has learned how to function in the world of color by special strategies .
They may tell you that they " stopped at a red light , " but what it really means to them is that they knew that the light at the top means " stop , " and they stopped .
They call it the " red " light like everyone else , but they have no experience of what " red " really is .
A person who is color blind who has developed such coping mechanisms , is virtually undetectable from people who see colors .
Psychopaths use words about emotions the same way people who are color blind use words about colors they cannot perceive .
Psychopaths not only learn to use the words more or less appropriately , they learn to pantomime the feeling .
But they never HAVE the feeling .
This quality of the mind of the psychopath has been extensively tested with word association tests while the subjects are hooked up to an EEG .
Words that have emotional content evoke larger brain responses than do neutral words which is apparently a reflection of the large amount of information that can be packed into a word .
For most of us , the word cancer can instantly bring to mind not only the description of the disease , but also fear , pain , concern , or whatever , depending upon our experiences with cancer - whether we or someone we love has had it , or if it had some impact on our lives , and so on .
The same is true with many words in our collective and individual vocabularies .
And , unless we had a traumatic experience with it , a word such as box or paper will be neutral .
Psychopaths respond to all emotional words as if they were neutral .
It is as if they are permanently condemned to operate with a Juvenile Dictionary .
Hare writes : Earlier I discussed the role of " inner speech " in the development and operation of conscience .
It is the emotionally charged thoughts , images , and internal dialogue that give the " bite " to conscience , account for its powerful control over behavior , and generate guilt and remorse for transgressions .
This is something that psychopaths cannot understand .
For them , conscience is little more than an intellectual awareness of rules others make up - empty words .
The feelings needed to give clout to these rules are missing .
What is more , just as the color blind individual may never know he is color blind unless he is given a test to determine it , the psychopath is unable to even be aware of his own emotional poverty .
They assume that their own perceptions are the same as everyone else's .
They assume that their own lack of feeling is the same for everyone else .
And make no mistake about it : you can NOT hurt their feelings because they do n't have any !
They will pretend to have feelings if it suits their purposes or gets them what they want .
They will verbalize remorse , but their actions will contradict their words .
They know that " remorse " is important , and " apologies " are useful , and they will give them freely , though generally in words that amount to blaming the victim for needing to be apologized to .
And this is why they are so good at using Game Theory .
And unless we learn the rules of how they think , they will continue to use it on us with devastating results .
Normal people HURT when treated cruelly and insensitively .
Psychopaths only feign being hurt because they perceive hurt as not getting what they wanted , and tried to get by manipulation !
In the book Violent Attachments , women and men have noted the particular stare of the psychopath - it is an intense , relentless gaze that seems to preclude his destruction of his victim or target .
Women , in particular , have reported this stare , which is related to the " predatorial " ( reptilian ) gaze ; it is as if the psychopath is directing all of his intensity toward you through his eyes , a sensation that one woman reported as a feeling of " being eaten . "
They tend to invade peoples ' space either by their sudden intrusions or intimidating look - overs ( which some women confuse for sexuality . )
Another extremely interesting study had to do with the way psychopaths move their hands when they speak .
Hand movement can tell researchers a lot about what are called " thought units . "
The studies indicate that psychopaths ' thoughts and ideas are organized into small mental packages .
This is handy for lying , but makes dealing with an overall , coherent , integrated complex of deep thoughts virtually impossible .
Most people are able to combine ideas that have consistent thought themes , but psychopaths have great difficulty doing this .
Again , this suggests a genetic restriction to what we have called the Juvenile Dictionary .
Not only are they using extremely restricted definitions , they cannot , by virtue of the way their brains work , do otherwise .
Virtually all of the research on psychopaths reveals an inner world that is banal , sophomoric , and devoid of the color and detail that generally exists in the inner world of normal people .
This goes a long way to explain the inconsistencies and contradictions in their speech .
The situation is analogous to a movie in which one scene is shot under cloudy conditions and the next scene - which supposedly takes place a few minutes later - is shot in brilliant sunshine . [… ]
Some moviegoers - the victims of psychopaths - might not notice the discrepancy , particularly if they are engrossed in the action .
Psychopaths are notorious for not answering the questions asked them .
They will answer something else , or in such a way that the direct question is never addressed .
They also phrase things so that some parts of their narratives are difficult to understand .
This is not careless speech , of which everyone is guilty at times , but an ongoing indication of the underlying condition in which the organization of mental activity suggests something is wrong .
It 's not what they say , but how they say it that gives insight into their true nature .
But this raises , again , the question : if their speech is so odd , how come smart people get taken in by them ?
Why do we fail to pick up the inconsistencies ?
Part of the answer is that the oddities are subtle so that our general listening mode will not normally pick them up .
But my own experience is that some of the " skipped " or oddly arranged words , or misused words are automatically reinterpreted by OUR brains in the same way we automatically " fill in the blank " space on a neon sign when one of the letters has gone out .
We can be driving down the road at night , and ahead we see M_tel , and we mentally put the " o " in place and read " Motel . "
Something like this happens between the psychopath and the victim .
We fill in the " missing humanness " by filling in the blanks with our own assumptions , based on what WE think and feel and mean .
And , in this way , because there are these " blank " spots , we fill them in with what is inside us , and thus we are easily convinced that the psychopath is a great guy - because he is just like us !
We have been conditioned to operate on trust , and we always try to give the " benefit of the doubt . "
So , there are blanks , we " give the benefit of the doubt , " and we are thereby hoisted on our own petard .
Psychopaths view any social exchange as a " feeding opportunity , " a contest or a test of wills in which there can be only one winner .
Their motives are to manipulate and take , ruthlessly and without remorse .
[ Hare ]
One psychopath interviewed by Hare 's team said quite frankly : " The first thing I do is I size you up .
I look for an angle , an edge , figure out what you need and give it to you .
Then it 's pay - back time , with interest .
I tighten the screws . "
Another psychopath admitted that he never targeted attractive women - he was only interested in those who were insecure and lonely .
He claimed he could smell a needy person " the way a pig smells truffles . "
The callous use of the old , the lonely , the vulnerable , the disenfranchised , the marginalized , is a trademark of the psychopath .
And when any of them wake up to what is happening , they are generally too embarrassed to complain .
One of the chief ways psychopaths prey on others is to make use of the normal person 's need to find meaning or purpose in life .
They will pose as grief counselors , or " experts " of various sorts that attract followings of people who are looking for answers .
They are masters of recognizing " hang - ups " and self - doubts that most people have , and they will brazenly pander to them to gain a follower to use later .
Hare tells of a staff psychologist in a mental hospital whose life was destroyed by a psychopathic patient .
He cleaned out her bank account , maxed out her credit cards , and then disappeared .
How did he get to her ?
She said that her life had been " empty " and she had just simply succumbed to his sweet words and verbal caresses .
As we already know , such words are cheap legal tender to the psychopath .
They can say " I 'll pray for you , " or " I love you " just to create an impression .
It really , really does n't mean a thing .
But some people are so lonely and so desperate that even imitations are better than nothing .
Then , of course , there are people who are just simply so psychologically damaged themselves that the psychopath is the obvious choice for a partner .
They may have a need to be treated badly , or a need to be excited by danger , or a need to " rescue " or " fix " somebody whose soul is in obvious peril .
In a book about Richard Ramirez , the Satan - worshipping " night Stalker , " the author described a young coed who sat through the pretrial hearings and sent love letters and photographs of herself to Ramirez .
" I feel such compassion for him .
When I look at him , I see a real handsome guy who just messed up his life because he never had anyone to guide him , " she is reported to have said .
[ Hare ]
Sadly , as we see , psychopaths have no lack of victims because so many people are ready and willing to play the role .
And in many , many cases , the victim simply refuses to believe the evidence that they are being victimized .
Psychological denial screens out knowledge that is painful , and persons with large investments in their fantasies are often unable to acknowledge that they are being deceived because it it too painful .
Most often , these are women who rigidly adhere to the traditional role of the female with a strong sense of duty to be a " good wife . "
She will believe that if she tries harder or simply waits it out , her husband will reform .
When he ignores her , abuses her , cheats on her , or uses her , she can simply just decide to " try harder , put more energy into the relationship , and take better care of him . "
She believes that if she does this , eventually he will notice and will see how valuable she is , and then he will fall on his knees in gratitude and treat her like a queen .
Dream on .
The fact is , such a woman , with her fierce commitment to such a man , her dedication to being a proper wife , has allowed such fairy tales to distort her sense of reality .
The reality is that she is doomed to a lifetime of abuse and disappointment until " death do us part . "
One of the basic assumptions of psychotherapy is that the patient needs and wants help for distressing or painful psychological and emotional problems .
The psychopath does not think that they have any psychological or emotional problems , and they see no reason to change their behavior to conform to standards with which they do not agree .
They are well - satisfied with themselves and their inner landscape .
They see nothing wrong with they way they think or act , and they never look back with regret or forward with concern .
They perceive themselves as superior beings in a hostile world in which others are competitors for power and resources .
They feel it is the optimum thing to do to manipulate and deceive others in order to obtain what they want .
Most therapy programs only provide them with new excuses for their behavior as well as new insights into the vulnerabilities of others .
Through psychotherapy , they learn new and better ways of manipulating .
What they do NOT do is make any effort to change their own views and attitudes .
One particular psychopath studied by Hare and his team of researchers was in a group therapy program in a prison .
The prison psychiatrist had written in his record : " He has made good progress …
He appears more concerned about others and to have lost much of his criminal thinking . "
Two years later , Hare 's staff member interviewed the man .
At this point , it ought to be made clear that , in order to make the research more accurate , the terms were that nothing said by the subjects to Hare or his staff could or would be repeated to the prison authorities , and they kept to their agreement in order to insure that the subjects felt free to talk to them .
Psychopaths , if they know that they wo n't be penalized for what they express , are very happy to boast about their prowess in deceiving others .
The man , assessed above by his prison psychiatrist as having made such remarkable improvement , was described by Hare 's staffer as " the most terrifying offender she had ever met and that he openly boasted about how he had conned the prison staff into thinking that he was well on the road to rehabilitation .
" I ca n't believe those guys , " he said .
" Who gave them a license to practice ?
I would n't let them psychoanalyze my dog !
He 'd shit all over them just like I did . "
Psychopaths are not " fragile " individuals , as Robert Hare says after years of research .
What they think and do is produced from a " rock solid personality structure that is extremely resistant to outside influences . "
Many of them are protected for years from the consequences of their behavior by well - meaning family and friends .
As long as their behavior remains unchecked or unpunished , they continue to go through life without too much inconvenience .
Some researchers think that psychopathy is the result of some attachment or bonding difficulty as an infant .
Dr. Hare has turned the idea around , after all his years digging into the background of psychopaths .
He says :
In some children the very failure to bond is a symptom of psychopathy .
It is likely that these children lack the capacity to bond readily , and that their lack of attachment is largely the result , not the cause , of psychopathy .
[ Hare ]
In other words : they are born that way and you can't fix them .
To many people , the idea of a child psychopath is almost unthinkable .
But the fact is , true psychopaths are born , not made .
Oh , indeed , there is the psychopath that is " made , " but they are generally different from the born psychopath in a number of ways .
The fact is , clinical research clearly demonstrates that psychopathy does not spring unannounced into existence in adulthood .
The symptoms reveal themselves in early life .
It seems to be true that parents of psychopaths KNOW something is dreadfully wrong even before the child starts school .
Such children are stubbornly immune to socializing pressures .
They are " different " from other children in inexplicable ways .
They are more " difficult , " or " willful , " or aggressive , or hard to " relate to . "
They are difficult to get close to , cold and distant and self - sufficient .
One mother said : " We were never able to get close to her even as an infant .
She was always trying to have her own way , whether by being sweet , or by having a tantrum .
She can put on a sweet and contrite act … "
The fact is : childhood psychopathy is a stark reality , and failing to recognize it can lead to years of vain attempts to discover what is wrong with a child , and the parent blaming themselves .
Hare writes :
As the signs of social breakdown grow more insistent , we no longer have the luxury of ignoring the presence of psychopathy in certain children .
Half a century ago Hervey Cleckley and Robert Lindner warned us that our failure to acknowledge the psychopaths among us had already triggered a social crisis .
Today our social institutions - our schools , courts , mental health clinics - confront the crisis every day in a thousand ways , and the blindfold against the reality of psychopathy is still in place . [… ]
The last decade has seen the emergence of an inescapable and terrifying reality : a dramatic surge of juvenile crime that threatens to overwhelm our social institutions . [… ]
Children under the age of ten who are capable of the sort of mindless violence that once was reserved for hardened adult criminals . [… ]
At this writing , a small town in a western state is frantically searching for ways to deal with a nine - year - old who allegedly rapes and molests other children at knife point .
He is too young to be charged and cannot be taken into care because " such action may only be taken when the child is in danger , not his victims , " according to a child protection official .
[ Hare ]
Why does it seem that we have a veritable epidemic of psychopaths ?
Sociobiologists are suggesting that increasing psychopathy is an expression of a particular genetically based reproductive strategy .
Simply put , most people have a couple of children and devote a lot of time and effort to their care .
Psychopaths systematically mate with and abandon large numbers of women .
They waste little of their energy raising children , and in this way , psychopathic genes are being propagated like wildfire .
The sociobiologists are n't saying that the sexual behavior of people is consciously directed , only that " nature " has made them a certain way so that it will happen effectively .
The behavior of female psychopaths reflects the same strategy .
" I can always have another , " one female psychopath coldly replied when questioned about an incident in which her two - year - old daughter was beaten to death by one of her many lovers .
When asked why she would want to have another child , ( two had been taken into protective custody ) , she said " I love children . "
Again we see that the expressed emotion is in contradiction to the behavior .
Cheating skills seem to have an adaptive value in our society .
The fact is : psychopaths often end up on the top of the heap , John Forbes Nash , for example .
At the present time , there is something very scary going on in the metaphysical community : talk about the so - called " Indigo Children . "
One of the chief promoters of this idea , Wendy Chapman , writes : Indigo Children are the current generation being born today and most of those who are 8 years old or younger .
They are different .
They have very unique characteristics that set them apart from previous generations of children . [...]
These are the children who are often rebellious to authority , nonconformist , extremely emotionally and sometimes physically sensitive or fragile , highly talented or academically gifted and often metaphysically gifted as well , usually intuitive , very often labeled ADD , either very empathic and compassionate OR very cold and callous , and are wise beyond their years .
Does this sound like yourself or your child ?
Indigos have come into this world with difficult challenges to overcome .
Their extreme levels of sensitivity are hard to understand and appreciate by parents who do n't share this trait .
Their giftedness is unusual in such high numbers .
Their nonconformity to systems and to discipline will make it difficult to get through their childhood years and perhaps even their adult years .
It is also what will help them accomplish big goals such as changing the educational system , for instance .
Being an Indigo wo n't be easy for any of them , but it foretells a mission .
The Indigo Children are the ones who have come to raise the vibration of our planet !
These are the primary ones who will bring us the enlightenment to ascend .
Sounds like a severe case of denial and wishful thinking , in my opinion .
But , as we already understand the psychological reality is merely a tool for the Theological Reality , I suspect that the reader already has jumped ahead of me here and realizes what a big snow - job this " indigo children " deal is .
Ms. Chapman has kindly provided a check - list to determine an " indigo child . "
After learning what we have about psychopaths , let 's have a look at her list :
Have strong self esteem , connection to source
Know they belong here until they are told otherwise
Have an obvious sense of self
Have difficulty with discipline and authority
Refuse to follow orders or directions
Find it torture to waiting in lines , lack patience
Get frustrated by ritual - oriented systems that require little creativity
Often see better ways of doing thing at home and at school
Are mostly nonconformists
Do not respond to guilt trips , want good reasons
Get bored rather easily with assigned tasks
Are rather creative
Are easily distractible , can do many things at once
Display strong intuition
Have strong empathy for others or NO empathy
Develop abstract thinking very young
Are gifted and / or talented , highly intelligent
Are often identified or suspected of having ADD or ADHD , but can focus when they want to
Are talented daydreamers and visionaries
Have very old , deep , wise looking eyes
Have spiritual intelligence and / or psychic skills
Often express anger outwardly rather than inwardly and may have trouble with rage
Need our support to discover themselves
Are here to change the world - to help us live in greater harmony and peace with one another and to raise the vibration of the planet
What we see above is a list that includes certain definitely psychopathic behaviors along with behaviors of gifted children .
We have to wonder at the attempt to weave the two together .
Where did this idea of " Indigo Children " come from ?
The phrase , " Indigo child " was coined by Nancy Ann Tappe in her book Understanding Your Life Through Color ( 1982 ) and refers to the color in these children 's aura .
Ms. Tappe was interviewed by Jan Tober for her book The Indigo Children ( 1999 ) and said : " These young children - every one of them I 've seen thus far who kill their schoolmates or parents - have been Indigos . "
That did n't stop
Tober from writing her book and declaring that these children are " Spiritual Masters , beings full of wisdom , here to teach us a new way of being . "
The way the followers of the idea justify the fact that " not all Indigo children are filled with unconditional love , tolerance and non-judgment , " is by declaring that they require " special " treatment and handling with kid gloves because they are so special and delicate and sensitive .
In a pig 's eye .
They are psychopaths and they have an altogether different agenda .
And somehow , they are aware and seek to ensure that their offspring are well cared for , and that a lot of psychopaths grow up without being identified as what they are .
Nevertheless , there is no explaining the extremes that " true believers " will go to in order to find excuses for inexcusable things .
Elizabeth Kirby , a businesswoman in southern California , who has " studied and practiced metaphysics for the last 21 years , " writes :
In hearing about the school shootings , I knew Indigo children were pulling the triggers .
The Columbine High School shooting was so horrific it caught everyone 's attention .
At the time my eldest daughter said to me , " Because they ( Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold ) were Indigos they wanted to do it , so they just did it .
No remorse , no guilt , they just went ahead and shot all those people because they wanted to and felt they needed to . "
Indigo children do n't have guilt to keep them in check and because they balk at authority they do n't believe they have to follow the rules .
Writers in mainstream America like Jonathan Kellerman are lumping the Indigo school shooters with the psychopaths ; the dark entities who are bullies , con-men , stalkers , victimizers , serial killers and those who kill for thrills .
I do n't believe these Indigo children who have taken weapons to school to harm other children are psychopaths .
They have been bullied and teased and have an avenger attitude seeking justice for injuries inflicted on them .
They are n't killing just for the thrill of killing .
These kids know changes have to be made within the school system and they chose violence to make their statement , to give us a wake up call .
Some of these metaphysical Indigo children are not hesitant about using violence to bring about change , and to bring us to enlightenment .
Indigo violence is here and it will continue , at least with this present generation of Indigo children .
We are seeing with the current Indigo violence how the school system needs to be changed and how imperative it is to address the issues of bullying and intimidation in school .
As the Indigo children grow to adulthood , their agendas will move out of the school system into our other systems , our social , political and judicial systems for example .
Timothy McVeigh , the Oklahoma City bomber , is an Indigo .
Amazing , huh ?
Did you catch the remark : " Some of these metaphysical Indigo children are not hesitant about using violence to bring about change , and to bring us to enlightenment . "
Do n't we find that just a tiny bit contradictory ?
Are n't we stretching a bit ?
How about diving straight into denial ?
At the present moment in history , the appeal of the psychopath has never been greater .
Movies about psychopaths are all the rage .
Hare asks " Why ?
What accounts for the terrific power that the personality without conscience has over our collective imagination ?
One theorist proposes that people who admire , believe , or identify with psychopaths , are partly psychopathic themselves .
By interacting with a psychopath , even peripherally , they are able to voyeuristically enjoy an inner state not dominated by the constraints of morality .
Such people are enabled to enjoy aggressive and sexual pleasures at no cost .
For normal people , such movies may serve to remind them of the danger and destructiveness of the psychopath .
They will shiver with the sense of something cold and dark having breathed on their neck .
For others , people with poorly developed inner selves , such movies and glorification of psychopathic behavior only serves as a role model for serious acts of violence and predation against others .
Some psychologists propose rationalizations for psychopathic behavior , suggesting trauma , abuse , etc .
The problem is , that argument does not hold up in case after case after case .
It seems that t he only difference that family background seems to make is how the psychopath expresses himself .
A psychopath who grows up in a stable family and has access to positive social and educational resources might become a white - collar criminal , or perhaps a somewhat shady entrepreneur , politician , lawyer , judge , or other professional .
Another individual with the same traits , and a deprived background might become a common con-artist , a drifter , mercenary , or violent criminal .
The point is , social factors and parenting practices only shape the expression of the disorder , but have no effect on the individual 's inability to feel empathy or to develop a conscience .
Robert Hare once submitted a paper to a scientific journal .
The paper included EEGs of several groups of adult men performing a language task .
The editor of the journal returned the paper saying " Those EEG 's could n't have come from real people . "
But they did .
They were the EEG's of psychopaths .
Some people have compared psychopathy to schizophrenia .
However , there is a crucial distinction as we will see : Schizophrenia and psychopathy are both characterized by impulsive , poorly planned behavior .
This behavior may originate from a weak or poorly coordinated response inhibition system .
We tested the hypothesis that schizophrenia and psychopathy are associated with abnormal neural processing during the suppression of inappropriate responses .
The participants were schizophrenic patients , nonpsychotic psychopaths , and nonpsychotic , nonpsychopathic control subjects ( defined by the Hare Psychopathy Checklist - Revised ) , all incarcerated in a maximum security psychiatric facility .
We recorded behavioral responses and event - related potentials ( ERPs ) during a Go / No Go task .
Results : Schizophrenic patients made more errors of commission than did the nonpsychopathic offenders .
As expected , the nonpsychopathic nonpsychotic participants showed greater frontal ERP negativity ( N275 ) to the No Go stimuli than to the Go stimuli .
This effect was small in the schizophrenic patients and absent in the psychopaths .
For the nonpsychopaths , the P375 ERP component was larger on Go than on No Go trials , a difference that was absent in schizophrenic patients and in the opposite direction in psychopaths .
Conclusions :
These findings support the hypothesis that the neural processes involved in response inhibition are abnormal in both schizophrenia and psychopathy ; however , the nature of these processes appears to be different in the two disorders .
" More and more data are leading to the conclusion that psychopathy has a biological basis , and has many features of a disease , " says Sabine Herpertz , a psychiatrist at the RWTH - Aachen University in Germany .
The brain imaging techniques of positron emission tomography ( PET ) and magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) provide the opportunity to investigate psychopathy further .
They might allow researchers to discover whether psychopaths ' physiological and emotional deficits can be pinned down to specific differences in the anatomy or activation of the brain .
Among researchers who are starting to explore this area , there are two main theories of psychopathy .
One , championed by Adrian Raine of the University of Southern California in Los Angeles and supported by the work of Antonio Damasio of the University of Iowa , gives a starring role to a brain region called the orbitofrontal cortex ( see diagram , below ) .
This is part of an area of the brain , known as the prefrontal cortex , involved in conscious decision - making .
The other theory , promoted by James Blair of University College London , holds that the fundamental dysfunction lies within the amygdala , a small almond - shaped structure that plays a critical role in processing emotion and mediating fear .
Recently , using PET scanning , Blair has shown that activation of the amygdala in normal volunteers is involved in responding to the sadness and anger of others , and he hypothesizes that amygdala dysfunction could explain the lack of fear and empathy in psychopaths .
The two theories may not be mutually exclusive , Blair points out , as the orbitofrontal cortex , which does the ' thinking ' , and the amygdala , which does the ' feeling ' , are highly interconnected .
Following widespread concern that the criminal justice and mental health systems are failing to deal effectively with dangerous psychopaths , there is a movement in several countries to instigate fundamental legal reform .
The most controversial suggestion is to make it possible for individual who have severe personality disorders to be detained in secure mental institutions even if they have been accused of no crime .
Although these particular provisions have alarmed civil liberties campaigners , the raft of measures also includes a major initiative within the prison service to improve the handling of those with APD -- including psychopaths .
According to one individual who suffered at the hands of a psychopath : " The World has only one problem , Psychopaths .
There are two basic types of Psychopaths , Social and Anti-Social .
The essential feature of Psychopaths is a Pervasive , Obssesive - Compulsive desire to force their delusions on others .
Psychopaths completely disregard and violate the Rights of others , particularly the Freedom of Association which includes the right not to associate and the Right to Love . "
Over and over again we come up against that little problem : religion and belief systems that have to be defended against objective evidence or the beliefs of others .
We have to ask ourselves " where did these belief systems come from that so evidentially are catastrophic ? "
And then , we have to think about the fact that now , in the present day , when many of these systems are breaking down and being replaced by others that similarly divert our attention away from what IS , it becomes necessary to " enforce " a certain mode of thinking .
And that is what Psychopaths do best .
Psychopaths dominate and set the standard for behavior in our society .
We live in a world based on a psychopathic , energy stealing food chain , because that 's just the way things are .
Most people are so damaged they no longer have the capacity to even imagine a different system based on a symbiotic network .
They are not only damaged by others , but also by the thousand little evils they have done to others to survive .
For them to see the system for what it is , would require them to see the part they have played in perpetuating it .
That is a lot to ask of a fragile ego .
Also , those who are not psychopaths , still want to make human connections but are afraid to , for fear of being taken advantage of and stolen from energeticaly speaking .
With the brief historical review we have examined , we are acutely aware that this is NOT a phenomenon confined to our present " time . "
It is a trans - millennial evolutionary strategy that , step by step , has brought us to our present position .
What emerges in the present day is just Machiavellian diversion that focuses the attention of those who are easily deceived .
This is reinforced by the " clappers " in the audience , and there seems to be an entire army of psychopaths among us whose job it is act as vectors of attention and direction .
We hope that the readers of these pages will give themselves permission to imagine , research and implement a different way of being .
And to stand up for themselves while doing it .
As Wilhelm Reich wrote :
Why did man , through thousands of years , wherever he built scientific , philosophic , or religious systems , go astray with such persistence and with such catastrophic consequences ? " [… ]
The answer lies somewhere in that area of our existence which has been so heavily obscured by organized religion and put out of our reach .
Hence , it probably lies in the relation of the human being to the cosmic energy that governs him .
The same question is posed by Castaneda 's Don Juan : I want to appeal to your analytical mind , ' don Juan said .
' Think for a moment , and tell me how you would explain the contradiction between the intelligence of man the engineer and the stupidity of his systems of beliefs , or the stupidity of his contradictory behavior .
Sorcerers believe that the predators have given us our systems of beliefs , our ideas of good and evil , our social mores .
They are the ones who set up our hopes and expectations and dreams of success or failure .
They have given us covetousness , greed and cowardice .
It is the predators who make us complacent , routinary , and egomaniacal .
In order to keep us obedient and meek and weak , the predators engaged themselves in a stupendous maneuver - stupendous , of course , from the point of view of a fighting strategist .
A horrendous maneuver from the point of view of those who suffer it .
They gave us their mind !
Do you hear me ?
The predators give us their mind , which becomes our mind . [ … ]
Through the mind , which , after all , is their mind , the predators inject into the lives of human beings whatever is convenient for them .
[ Castaneda , The Active Side of Infinity ]
The problem is also delineated by Georges Gurdjieff : " So that in the actual situation of humanity there is nothing that points to evolution proceeding .
On the contrary when we compare humanity with a man , we quite clearly see a growth of personality at the cost of essence , that is , a growth of the artificial , the unreal , and what is foreign , at the cost of the natural , the real , and what is one 's own .
" Together with this , we see a growth of automatism .
" Contemporary cultures requires automatons . [… ]
One thing alone is certain , that man 's slavery grows and increases .
Man is becoming a willing slave .
He no longer needs chains .
He begins to grow fond of his slavery , to be proud of it .
And this is the most terrible thing that can happen to a man .
[ Gurdjieff , op. cit ]
Intolerance and cruelty are NEEDED to guarantee the " cover-up . "
A certain kind of " human being " acts on behalf of this cover -up .
And in this sense , psychopaths , as Alien Reaction Machines are the playing pieces in the Secret Games of the Gods .
What Is A Psychopath ?
The QFG is committed to bringing to your attention any and all information that will help you to live a life free of the soul - killling manipulations of others .
Our Sincere
Thanks to the Owner of the website on Psychopathic Personality Disorder for kind permission to quote her research in assembling this report .
Until we began to investigate , we had NO idea how widespread the problem was , and how many victims there are .
Visit her site , check her links to support groups .
For a more comprehensive look at the problem , based on our OWN research , please read our new article : " Official Culture " in America :
A Natural State of Psychopathy ?
The owners and publishers of these pages wish to state that the material presented here is the product of our research and experimentation in Superluminal Communication .
We invite the reader to share in our seeking of Truth by reading with an Open , but skeptical mind .
We do not encourage " devotee - ism " nor " True Belief . "
We DO encourage the seeking of Knowledge and Awareness in all fields of endeavor as the best way to be able to discern lies from truth .
The one thing we can tell the reader is this : we work very hard , many hours a day , and have done so for many years , to discover the " bottom line " of our existence on Earth .
It is our vocation , our quest , our job .
We constantly seek to validate and / or refine what we understand to be either possible or probable or both .
We do this in the sincere hope that all of mankind will benefit , if not now , then at some point in one of our probable futures .
Contact Webmaster at cassiopaea.com
Copyright © 1997 -2009 Arkadiusz Jadczyk and Laura Knight - Jadczyk .
All rights reserved .
" Cassiopaea , Cassiopaean , Cassiopaeans , " is a registered trademark of Arkadiusz Jadczyk and Laura Knight - Jadczyk .
Letters addressed to Cassiopaea , Quantum Future School , Ark or Laura , become the property of Arkadiusz Jadczyk and Laura Knight - Jadczyk
R epublication and re-dissemination of the contents of this screen or any portion of this website in any manner is expressly prohibited without prior written consent .
You are visitor number 790153 since [ TextCounter Fatal Error : Could Not Increment Counter ] .
Skip to comments .
Why ' tomboy ' remains a loaded word
Toronto Star ^ | Mar 02 , 2008 | Patricia Hluchy
Posted on by forkinsocket
Cameron Diaz claims to have always been a tomboy .
That 's how she explains her tendency to go braless , in case you were dying to know .
Britney Spears , Charlize Theron , Hilary Swank , Michelle Pfeiffer , Keri Russell and Keira Knightley all say they have , or had , a whole lot of tomboy in them .
It 's chic in these post - feminist times for beautiful female stars to admit to a certain " maleness . "
Ordinary women , too , now often wear a tomboy childhood , once tinged with varying degrees of anxiety ( why can I not find it within myself to be a dainty princess ?
will my daughter grow up to be a lesbian ? ) like a badge of honour .
But the word " tomboy , " with its basis in " essentialist " thinking about gender  girls are like this , boys are like that , and those who cross the line are n't quite normal  does n't sit well with some people .
In a recent Oscar - related cover spread in The New York Times Magazine , writer Lynn Hirschberg described the now 21 - year - old cover girl Ellen Page , star of the hit movie Juno , as " a tomboy  her on - screen persona is sharp , clear - eyed , determined and self - consciously original . "
The following week , the magazine ran a letter from Barbara Schechter , director of the graduate program in child development at Sarah Lawrence College in Bronxville , N.Y. , commenting on the writer 's use of the term .
" It is unfortunate that we have no other word available to describe this strong , independent young woman than to refer to her as a tomboy .
This continues to convey to girls that growing up clear - eyed and courageous is being like a boy . "
Interestingly , tomboy was first used in the mid-16th century for males , denoting " a rude , boisterous , or forward boy , " according to the Oxford English Dictionary .
By then , because Thomas had been a popular name for centuries , " Tom " was a long - established moniker for the common man ( hence tomfoolery ) .
By 1579 , tomboy had somehow switched genders and referred , according to the OED , to " a bold or immodest woman . "
The word came into its current meaning  " a girl who behaves like a spirited or boisterous boy "  by 1592 .
In a telephone interview , Schechter said the tomboy issue is n't as hot as it was a couple of decades ago " because in some ways we 've made a lot of progress , and there are a lot more roles and opportunities available to girls .
" In fact , the article in the Times attests to that ; it really was suggesting that there were these new female role models that are being embodied in these films .
And therefore I think it was all the more disappointing that they referred to Ellen Page as a tomboy , because in a way it was sort of retro ...
I thought that maybe we 'd moved beyond that . "
Schechter notes that when she told a friend about her letter to the Times , the friend dismissed Schechter 's concerns , arguing that " tomboy " is just a " manner of speaking . "
But Schechter counters that academics  especially at a very liberal campus like Sarah Lawrence  can be out of touch with what 's going on in the real world , where children " get very invested in the categories of gender as being dualistic and dichotomous , and children get very invested in boys not being like girls and girls not being like boys .
" I have a relative who 's a psychiatrist , a woman , and she recently referred to her seven - year - old daughter as a tomboy , and I was shocked , and I really called her on it at another time .
Because I think especially telling a girl that she 's a tomboy suggests that there 's something wrong with that behaviour and that she will need to outgrow it ... if ( she ) wants to be a normal girl . "
Frances Latchford , a professor at York University 's Atkinson School of Women 's Studies , agrees that the word 's continued use " is a signal that traditional gender roles are still intact " but adds : " Because I was a tomboy , I still have a certain fondness for it in terms of nostalgia .
" When I was a kid , I dressed like a boy .
I did n't like it if people identified me as a girl .
In hindsight , I think what it was , was I wanted the freedom to do the things that boys got to do .
" I thought being able to do those things meant being a tomboy , and all the things that were associated with femininity and the things that girls did and were supposed to do just did n't interest me . "
Whatever the term " tomboy " says about how our society constructs gender roles , Amy Mullin , chair of the philosophy department at the University of Toronto , Mississauga , observed in an email interview that it does have some positive connotations .
" Tomboy , " says Mullin , a feminist philosopher with special interest in relationships between children and their adult caregivers , " can be a term of praise as well as a means of policing gender ...
" A tomboy is often contrasted positively with a `girly girl . '
For example , I heard my seven - year - old daughter and her friend  both of whom love princesses and pink , but also soccer and hockey  discussing how they are n't girly girls , whom they seemed to associate with a valley girl stereotype of someone obsessed with shopping and vanity . "
It 's much better , contends Mullin , to be a tomboy than a sissy .
" We are more comfortable with girls exhibiting supposedly masculine traits than with boys exhibiting supposedly feminine traits .
I suspect this is partly due to greater fear that a boy who transgresses gender norms will be homosexual , and to the idea that a girl is `trading up ' when she is boyish , since masculinity tends to be more highly valued in our culture than femininity . "
( For example , she says , more voice - overs are done by men , especially men with masculine - sounding voices . )
Mullin also notes there 's a tradition of positive tomboy characters in literature , from Scout in To Kill a Mockingbird to Lyra in Philip Pullman 's His Dark Materials trilogy , " whose evil mother tries to dress her up in feminine fashion . "
Perhaps the biggest problem with " tomboy " is that it's so anachronistic as to be practically meaningless  girls never were just sugar and spice , and feminism went a long way toward pointing out that females like to be active and boisterous , too .
Often the word now comes with a touch of irony : Last year , Brooklin , Ont. , mother Marissa McTasney started the company Tomboy Trades , which makes workboots , tool belts and other such products for females  in baby blue and pink , colours many women have n't worn since their princess - themed eighth birthday party .
TOPICS :
Culture / Society
KEYWORDS :
boys
girls
psychology
tomboy
.
To : forkinsocket
But not nearly as loaded a “ bull dyke ” .
To : forkinsocket
Cameron Diaz claims to have always been a tomboy .
That 's how she explains her tendency to go braless , in case you were dying to know .
Britney Spears , Apparently , tomboyism can explain the absence of other undergarments , as well .
Charlize Theron , Hilary Swank , Michelle Pfeiffer , Keri Russell and Keira Knightley all say they have , or had , a whole lot of tomboy in them .
Nah , too easy ....
by 3 posted onby steve - b ( Sin lies only in hurting others unnecessarily .
All other " sins " are invented nonsense .
-- RAH )
To : forkinsocket
People get their knickers in a twist over just about anything .
It ’s a fine word ... tomboy .
To : E. Cartman
I prefer “ All Terrain Chick ” .
To : forkinsocket
Reamins ?
It ’s not , and is n’t .
To : forkinsocket
A delegation of the aggreved are on the doorstep , Sir .
They are demanding to speak with you .
by 7 posted onby Steely Tom ( Steely 's First Law of the Main Stream Media : if it does n't advance the agenda , it 's not news . )
To : forkinsocket
“ This continues to convey to girls that growing up clear - eyed and courageous is being like a boy . ”
Um , Yeah .
That is why we use that word .
We call disabled people disabled because , well , they have disabilities .
Words have meaning and sometimes the CORRECT point is brought across in the word .
by 8 posted onby RobRoy ( I 'm confused .
I mean , I THINK I am , but I 'm not sure .
But I could be wrong about that . )
To : forkinsocket
I have one neice who likes to hunt and fish , is n’t into makeup and does n’t like to wear dresses or play with dolls .
I have other neices who love to dress up , play with dolls , make and wear jewelry .
My tomboy neice does n’t object to being called a tomboy and is not at all confused about her gender identity .
And my girlie girl neices are not worried about opportunities being denied to them .
by 9 posted onby VRWCmember ( McCain 2008 - If it 's inevitable , you might as well lay back and try to enjoy it . )
To : forkinsocket
I hate it when people take a niggardly approach to etymology ...
To : forkinsocket
* shrug * when I was a young lad , I was regarded as a bit of a ‘ tomgirl ’ because I liked playing with the girls .
I still do , and allah the sudden , it ’s not merely normal , but is a Manly Man ’s Thang .
Go figure ...
To : forkinsocket
Does this mean that Natalie Portman is also a tomboy ?
She was bra-less when she recently was with Hillary Clinton , not that I ’m complaining .
by 12 posted onby johnthebaptistmoore ( Vote for conservatives AT ALL POLITICAL LEVELS !
Encourage all others to do the same on November 4 ! )
To : steve -b
Charlize Theron , Hilary Swank , Michelle Pfeiffer , Keri Russell and Keira Knightley all say they have , or had , a whole lot of tomboy in them .
Sounds kind of slutty .
by 13 posted onby VRWCmember ( McCain 2008 - If it 's inevitable , you might as well lay back and try to enjoy it . )
To : Bahbah
It never ceases to amaze me just how some women get their panties in a bunch --> a silly thing like labeling oneself as a tomboy .
Once a girl passes the age of 12 such labels are stupid .
And , normally , a women who hangs onto such labels lacks self esteem .
Mom dressed me like a girl but I bested all the boys in my neighborhood at running , baseball , swimming , etc .
Academically , I held my own with the boys in math and science .
If I was a tomboy ... so the heck what !!!
by 14 posted onby xtinct ( I was the next door neighbor kid 's imaginary friend . )
To : forkinsocket
Truth be told , I always liked the ' tomboys ' better .
They were more fun to be around in addition to being more adventurous , in many ways . ;^ )
To : forkinsocket
" . . . since masculinity tends to be more highly valued in our culture than femininity . "
For women , feminists have always valued masculinity more than femininity .
But it 's a fact that girls outgrow the " tomboy " thing , as they gain status among their peers or family .
The girly - girl is not weak because she is more feminine .
It 's the niche taken by the oldest girl in a household , or the alpha female of a group of friends .
Females play the part of girly - girl because they can .
Name me the young girl who does n't want to have the life of the London character on " Zack and Cody . "
To : All
Forget the nickname or nomenclature - some girls just do n’t need a bra - there ’s no reason to wear one - it ’s called flat .
To : Billthedrill
LOL !
by 18 posted onby Inyo - Mono ( If you do n't want people to get your goat , do n't tell them where it 's tied . )
To : E. Cartman
How about “ Tom Dyke ”
by 19 posted onby DogBarkTree ( The correct word is n't " immigrant " when what they are doing is " invading " . )
To : Bahbah
“ It s a fine word ... tomboy . ” tomboy .
tomfoolery .
Doubting Thomas .
Maybe in the Bible , God creates man , and names him Adam .
Or ... a tom ...
Why is a male turkey called a ‘ tom ’ ?
by 20 posted onby UCANSEE2 ( Just saying what ' they ' wo n't . )
Disclaimer : Opinions posted on Free Republic are those of the individual posters and do not necessarily represent the opinion of Free Republic or its management .
All materials posted herein are protected by copyright law and the exemption for fair use of copyrighted works .
FreeRepublic , LLC , PO BOX 9771 , FRESNO , CA 93794
FreeRepublic.com is powered by software copyright 2000 - 2008 John Robinson
As if things were not complicated enough , one of the few people with experience in prickly pirate problems has been jailed by the Kenyan government on suspicion that he is a pirate himself .
Andrew Mwangura , program coordinator for the Seafarers ’ Assistance Program in Kenya , a nonprofit group that tracks pirate attacks , was arrested Wednesday .
He has extensive contacts along the pirate - infested Somali coast .
Kenyan officials have accused him of making false statements and working with the pirates .
“ Why is it he always finds out what ’s happening on a ship before anyone else ? ” asked Alfred Mutua , a Kenyan government spokesman .
Many seamen in Kenya insist that Mr. Mwangura is a good man , and that his only fault may have been being outspoken .
He was the first maritime official to say that the hijacked ship was part of a secret arms deal between Kenya and southern Sudan .
Kenyan officials have denied this , saying the heavy weaponry , including battle tanks , is for their use .
But Western diplomats have privately said this is a lie .
“ Andrew has helped so many seafarers , ” said Athman Seif , executive director of Kenya Marine Forum , which protects marine resources .
Last year , Mr. Mwangura helped free Mr. Seif ’s brother - in - law , a sailor whom Somali pirates held for six weeks .
“ This time he must have said something that did not augur well with the big guys , ” Mr. Seif said .
From the beginning , the whole story surrounding the Faina , which was hijacked Sept. 25 about 200 miles off Somalia ’s coast , seemed a little suspicious .
Why was the ship left unguarded in some of the most dangerous waters in the world , given its cargo of 33 tanks , 150 grenade launchers , 6 antiaircraft guns and heaps of ammunition ?
Why does Kenya , known for its wild animals , not its wars , need so many tanks ?
And if it does need tanks , why suddenly switch from British armor , which it has used for decades , to incompatible Eastern - bloc equipment ?
( I work for a company which handles large groups and conventions coming into town .
It is not uncommon for people to request lots of free items .
Normally , I send these calls to someone in sales ; however , the entire sales department is away for a site visit , and I ’ve been instructed to provide callers with the email address of the relevant party , instead . )
Me : “ Good morning , [ City ] information .
How can I help you today ? ”
Caller : “ Yes , hello .
I probably should n’t have waited this long , but I ’m coming into town next week for a family reunion and I was wondering if the center would provide some little items that we could put in our goodie bags , like pens or something .
There will be 65 of us . ”
Me : “ All right , currently the entire department is out of the office for an event .
I can give you my colleague ’s email address , though , and he ’ll be able to respond to you promptly . ”
Caller : “ Ca n’t you give me a phone number ?
I do n’t want this mailed to me ; I want it delivered to my hotel .
Your office is at [ incorrect address ] , right ?
How far is that from [ Hotel ] ? ”
Me : “ Our office is at [ correct address ] , and it is about a 25 - minute drive from [ Hotel ] . ”
Caller : “ Oh , so it ’s in a different area ?
Well , can you have them deliver these items to us so we do n’t have to drive all the way down there ? ”
Me : “ Like I said , the entire department is out of the office and I cannot give you their personal phone numbers .
I can give you an email address and they will respond promptly , or I can transfer you to their voicemail and they will get back to you when they return to the office tomorrow . ”
Caller : “ Could you send me to their voicemail ?
And who is the party I will be talking to ? ”
Me : “ [ First Name ] Polyachenko . ”
Caller : “ Chenko ? ”
Me : “ No , Polyachenko . ”
Caller : “ Panko ? ”
Me : “ Po - ly - a - chen - ko . ”
Caller : “ How do you spell that ? ”
Me : “ P - O - L-Y - A - C- H - E - N- K - O . ”
Caller : “ Oh , so the P is silent ? ”
Me : * giving up * “ Sure . ”
( I ended the call thinking she ’d leave a message and that would be that .
Nope ; she called back ten minutes later and got my coworker .
She complained that I had sent her to the wrong office , even after my coworker explained everything I had just told the caller a few minutes before .
My coworker transferred her to someone else in the sales department , who is , of course , also absent from the office until tomorrow .
Customers like that are what drive me to drink before noon . )
DadHacker has recently posted about interviewing people that simply can’t name the “ most interesting code they ’ve read . ”
At work I mostly look at mediocre accounting application code , but I tend to try to stick to cutting SQL and parsing report text files .
That does n’t lead to a lot of interesting code reading .
Books give you the basics of syntax and concepts … but the pressures of the real world are very different .
There ’s definitely a hole in my education here , so it ’s time to start surfing source code files instead of programming blogs .
CPAN makes it easy .
Let ’s see what we can turn up today … .
Starting with something simple that I ’ve implemented many times myself , let ’s look at the dice rolling code first … .
Philip Newton ’s Games :: Dice is pretty nifty .
His regex is broken down with the /x option to make it easy to understand .
I like how he uses ‘ || ’ to default functions that do n’t pull anything from the regex :
$ sign = $ 2 || ” ;
In the past I ’ve used two or three lines to do the same thing .
It might be cryptic to certain classes of non-Perl programmers , but it seems to be typical of more idiomatic Perl .
Another thing you see him do with his function variables is declare them all at the top .
( I tend to declare them willy nilly … . )
Finally , you see him explicitly returning undef if the argument criteria are n’t met .
I ’ll keep that one in my ditty bag … .
David Cantrell ’s Games :: Dice :: Advanced uses a pretty flexible object oriented style interface .
He blithely tosses in a folding operation in there :
sub foldl { my ( $f , $ z , @xs ) = @_ ; $ z = $ f - > ( $z , $ _ ) foreach ( @xs ) ; return $ z ; } sub sum { foldl ( sub { shift ( ) + shift ( ) ; } , @_ ) ; } print " This sum is ... " . sum ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) . "
" ;
To make sure I understood what this one was doing I wrote a little function to illuminate what was happening :
sub visible_sum { foldl ( sub { my $x = shift ; my $y = shift ; print " adding $x and $y
" ; return $ x + $y ; } , @_ ) ; } visible_sum ( 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) ;
Here ’s a gratuitous attempt to emulate the style of SICP in Perl :
sub myfold { my ( $ function , $ first , @rest ) = @_ ; return $ first unless @rest ; return myfold ( $ function , $ function - >( $ first , shift ( @rest ) ) , @rest ) ; } my $ add = sub { $ _ [ 0 ] + $ _ [ 1 ] ; } ; print " myfold returns " . myfold ( $ add , 1 , 2 , 3 , 4 ) . "
" ;
Just messing around ….
I like how you basically get first and rest functions for “ free ” .
The anonymous function syntax of Perl is perfectly workable , but not very pretty .
I checked through Higher Order Perl hoping to find something better than the shifting and the array references we used above , but was disappointed .
Sigh .
You ca n’t have it all .
I like David ’s idea about making reusable dice objects .
Without taking a lot of time to try to read it , I ’m not going to get around to understanding his code , though .
I ’m not too fond of ‘ bless ’ or Perl ’s object system in general … .
On the other hand , Philip ’s code is running the regex to parse the dice text every single time you call his functions .
Hmm ….
OOP is overkill here .
If ever there ’s a time to trot out closures , this is it .
In my apps , I ’d probably steal Philip ’s well - documented regex ’s and roll them out with something like this :
sub roll_maker ( $ ) { my ( $line , $ num , $ type ) ; $ line = shift ; return undef unless $ line =~ m{ ^ # beginning of line ( \d+ ) ?
# optional count in $ 1 [ dD ] # ' d ' for dice ( # type of dice in $ 2 : \d+ # either one or more digits | # or % # a percent sign for d % = d100 ) }x ; # whitespace allowed $ num = $ 1 || 1 ; $ type = $ 2 ; $ type = 100 if $ type eq ' % ' ; return sub { my $ result ; for ( 1 .. $ num ) { $ result += int ( rand $ type ) + 1 ; } return $ result ; } } my $ roller = roll_maker ( " 3d6 " ) ; print " Roll 3d6 : " . $ roller - > ( ) . "
" ;
Philip Newton ’s code allows for some customization by taking on an expression to modify it .
It seems strange to have to write an impromptu parser just for this .
I think we should use the regex to validate what comes into the function , here … but this may be an acceptable use of eval .
Just like the closure above saving the function definition for later , we ’ll use eval just a tiny tiny bit here and save it ’s results for later use , too .
( This needs a couple of tweeks – I ’m only handling + and * properly just yet ….
This is just to show the idea … .
Do n’t have time to fix this , now … . )
sub define_sub { my $ text = shift ; return eval " sub { $ text } " ; } sub roll_expression_maker ( $ ) { my ( $line , $ dice_string , $ sign , $ offset , $ sum , $ roller , $ exp ) ; $ line = shift ; return undef unless $ line =~ m{ ^ # beginning of line ( # dice string in $ 1 ( ?:\d+ ) ?
# optional count [ dD ] # ' d ' for dice (? : # type of dice : \d+ # either one or more digits | # or % # a percent sign for d % = d100 ) ) (? : # grouping - only parens ( [ -+xX*/ bB ] ) # a + - * / b( est ) in $ 2 ( \d+ ) # an offset in $ 3 ) ?
# both of those last are optional }x ; # whitespace allowed $ dice_string = $ 1 ; $ sign = $ 2 || '' ; $ offset = $ 3 || 0 ; $ sign = lc $ sign ; $ roller = roll_maker ( $ dice_string ) ; return undef unless $ roller ; $ exp = define_sub ( 'my $ arg = shift ; return $ arg ' . $ sign . ' ' . $ offset . ' ;' ) ; return undef unless $ roller ; return sub { $ exp - >( $ roller - > ( ) ) ; } ; } my $ funny = roll_expression_maker ( " 3d6+20 " ) ; print " funny " . $ funny ->( ) . "
" ;
If we ’re calling these functions a lot with the same types of requests , then it would make sense to memoize them .
That would cut back on the times we parse these regex ’s and run the evil eval … .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
I 'm sure I 'm not the only one who does this and I 'd also bet that many other people have come across the same conclusion .
I was browsing around Craigslist to see what was out there , and I happened upon the Free page for Phoenix .
In the last 3 days , I 've come across :
Broken Refridgerator
Fill Dirt
A Box of Misc Shoes
A broken 1960's Jukebox
Glass Top Dining Table , End Table , and Coffee Table ( Without Legs )
Child 's Sandbox , complete with sand .
A bunch of 5 gallon buckets
More Fill Dirt
Used moving boxes
Sets of Lost Keys , found at the Salt River , as well as about 20 + hubcaps
10 Gallons of Used Motor Oil
Old Magazines
2100 sq ft of sod
Top Soil and Fill Dirt
2 White Toilet Seats
13 tons of sand
So yeah , we 're a strange bunch here in Phoenix , for those of you that have n't done it , I highly suggest you take a look at what your city is giving away on craigslist .
Here in Phoenix , it seems we really like our fill dirt .
LONDON , England ( CNN ) --
Experts are growing increasingly concerned that the United States will have to rely entirely upon Russia to take astronauts to and from the international space station for at least five years .
NASA astronaut Peggy Whitson endured a chaotic Soyuz capsule landing in April .
Observers say the situation is all the more worrying as after NASA announced a delay in the launch of its next - generation Orion spacecraft .
NASA 's dependency upon the Russian Soyuz space capsules and rockets to carry astronauts to the station is the result of a five - year gap between the scheduled retirement of the shuttle in 2010 and the debut of its replacement in 2015 .
The agency had hoped it could narrow this gap by accelerating the initial launch of the craft to 2013 but announced Monday that because of inadequate funding and technical issues , the Constellation space program would not be ready for testing until September 2014 .
Although the new date is still within the March 2015 absolute deadline , many experts say NASA 's reliance upon Russia to take astronauts into space has placed the agency in an unnecessary position .
" It is a vulnerability , " said John Logsdon , director of the space policy institute at George Washington University .
" Any time you are relying on a single system to do a critical task , you are vulnerable if that system has problems .
" It is our fault for not having a replacement for the shuttle much earlier than Orion will be available .
It puts Russia in a very powerful position , " Logsdon said .
Although China has launched an astronaut into space in 2003 , it still does n't have the launching capabilities of the U.S. and Russia .
But its space infrastructure is fast developing .
According to Howard McCurdy , a space expert at American University in Washington , Russia will be the only country capable of providing human access to space not only for the Americans but for the rest of the world in the near future .
" It is like a monopoly position where you are at the mercy of that supplier , " McCurdy said .
" You do n't want to be dependent on a single provider , no matter who it is . "
McCurdy warned that because the United States has positioned itself to be completely dependent on Russia to get humans into space until 2015 , it may be harder for the American government to take diplomatic action against the country , especially in light of recent tensions between Russia and Georgia .
" That is a real concern , " McCurdy said .
" You are much more reluctant to be nasty with somebody who is a sole provider of an essential service .
" We have other international arrangements with them that could be jeopardized by our reliance on them , " McCurdy continued .
" Everything from their foreign relations with ex-Soviet states to their role in economic summits . "
Does NASA 's dependence on Russia bode badly for U.S. space program ?
For its part , NASA says it remains confident that diplomatic affairs between the two countries will not adversely impact the space agency 's relationship with Russia .
" While it is possible that government to government issues could potentially have an impact on other aspects of a relationship between nations including cooperative space exploration activities , NASA has no reason to believe that it will be unable to rely upon Roscosmos - provided Soyuz vehicles for future ISS activities , " spokesman Michael Curie wrote in an e-mail statement to CNN .
The threat of a breakdown in diplomatic relations is not the only one hanging over NASA 's space program .
Legislation passed in 2000 ( now called the Iran , North Korea and Syria Nonproliferation Act ) could soon bring an abrupt halt to NASA 's partnership with the Russian Space Federation , Democratic Sen. Bill Nelson of Florida said .
The law bans the United States from buying space technology from Russia unless the president determines that Russia is taking steps to prevent the proliferation of nuclear and missile technology to Iran .
Congress waived the ban in 2005 , allowing NASA to enter into a $ 719 million contract with the Russians for use of the Soyuz through 2011 .
NASA says it is renegotiating a new long - term contract for use of the Soyuz , but , according to Nelson , the success of that contract could depend on whether lawmakers decide to approve the waiver again .
Election - year politics combined with increasing concerns about Iran and the ongoing crisis in Georgia all but guarantee that lawmakers will not vote for the exemption , Nelson said .
That means NASA could lose access to the $ 100 billion space station unless it continues to fly the shuttle or strikes some sort of deal with another space agency willing to put forward money for additional Soyuz seats , the senator said .
" It is a lose - lose situation , " Nelson said .
" If our relationship with Russia is strained , who knows if Russia will give us rides in the future ? "
Nelson asked .
" Or if they give us rides , will they charge such an exorbitant price that it becomes blackmail ? "
Questions about the safety and reliability of the Soyuz have also been raised in recent months after two consecutive troublesome landings by space capsules , including in April with American astronaut Peggy Whitson on board .
NASA has been working with Russian engineers to try to determine the cause of the dangerous descents but has failed come up with any concrete answers .
But NASA officials say the space agency still believes that the Soyuz is a reliable transport system for its astronauts .
" We do not have concerns , " NASA spokesman Rob Navias said .
" The Soyuz , which has been flying for decades now , is extremely reliable and is extremely capable . "
" We have been partnering with the Russians for decades now for space flights . "
The Russian Federal Space Agency , Roscosmos , could not be reached for comment on the matter .
McCain attacks Obama's ' ambition ' after acknowledging his own David Edwards and Muriel Kane
Published : Wednesday August 20 , 2008
Print This Email This Senator John McCain recently accused Senator Barack Obama of calling for an end to the war in Iraq because he is motivated by " the ambition to be president . "
It has now come out that McCain himself has written of his 2000 presidential campaign , " I did n't decide to run for president to start a national crusade for the political reforms I believed in or to run a campaign as if it were some grand act of patriotism .
In truth , I wanted to be president because it had become my ambition to be president . "
That ambition , McCain added , even led him to " lie " and conceal his true opinion of the Confederate flag .
MSNBC 's Keith Olbermann noted this and other McCain self - contradictions on Tuesday 's Countdown , asking Eugene Robinson of the Washington Post , " Is this a stable man ? "
Robinson laughed and replied , " I guess this is supposedly the older , wiser John McCain . "
" He said he lied about supporting the Confederate flag , " Olbermann noted .
" Is this now not just more lying ?
He knows ambition has been his motive , so he accuses Obama of it ? "
" I do n't quite get this line of attack , " Robinson admitted .
" I 'm not aware of many , or any , presidential candidates who were not ambitious .
...
To try to pretend , really , that he is without ambition ... I do n't think anybody 's going to buy that . "
Olbermann also asked Robinson about McCain 's invoking the name of Democratic congressman and former civil rights leader John Lewis as someone he respects and would consult with as president .
McCain has mentioned Lewis in similar terms in the past , even though Lewis has said that he and McCain are not confidants and have no personal relationship .
" Is there something unseemly about returning to this well in such a dishonest fashion ? "
Olbermann asked .
" Does it say anything about McCain 's approach to the issues of race ? "
" It indicates a certain trivialization of the issue , " Robinson agreed .
This video is from MSNBC's Countdown , broadcast August 19 , 2008 .
Download video
When $ 85 Billion
Just Is n’t Enough
If it were one of its own customers , American International Group would struggle to get a life insurance policy .
The company took an $ 85 billion rescue loan from the Federal Reserve .
It promised to sell pieces of itself to repay the loan , and gave the Fed the right to an 80 percent ownership stake .
Now , A.I.G. has gone back to the Fed for $ 38 billion more .
The move highlights how little may be left for shareholders .
Consider A.I.G.’s asset sales .
The top lots on the block will probably be its overseas life and retirement businesses .
If the company could sell all of these for , say , 10 times 2008 estimated earnings , it could bring in some $ 50 billion .
The company ’s United States life and retirement business might fetch about $ 20 billion if sold at eight times earnings , which would be closer to the valuation of a rival , MetLife , today .
Then there is A.I.G. ’s aircraft leasing business , now on the group ’s books at $ 7.5 billion .
A.I.G. might collect another $ 10 billion selling things like a stake in the fund manager Blackstone and real estate like the Stowe Mountain Resort in Vermont .
Add it all up and A.I.G. would have $ 87.5 billion on hand .
As of last Wednesday , A.I.G. had drawn down $ 61 billion from the Fed .
Going back for more on Wednesday suggests it is close to exhausting the full $ 85 billion that the Fed originally offered .
With the additional $ 38 million from the Fed , then , A.I.G. will owe the Fed up to $ 123 billion .
From his lab in Costa Rica , Dan Janzen ( right ) collects moth specimens for genetic barcoding . *
Photo : Andrew Tingle *
The utopian lepidopterist holds a pin in each hand .
His style is ambidextrous and probably unique .
He catches two forewings of a dead moth simultaneously and pins them to his drying board , and then , in a continuous sweep , he does the same with the hind wings .
He repeats these motions again and again , like a conductor with tiny batons .
Outside , it is hot and bright .
Inside , it is hot and dark .
The lepidopterist , whose name is Dan Janzen , has been working here in this Costa Rican forest for more than 40 years .
He is married to his research partner , Winnie Hallwachs , and the two of them occupy a small house with a roof of corrugated metal whose eaves cast deep shade .
During the day they work under artificial light .
At night bats flit through the gaps at the top of the wall , do hairpin turns in the air , and exit again without slowing .
The utopian lepidopterist 's aim is to put names on all the moths and butterflies in the forest .
He wants to know more than just the names , of course ; he wants to know who lives where and who eats whom and to unravel the mysteries of the ecosystem .
But his first question is always the most basic one .
This moth , here on the drying board :
What is it called ?
All over the world , farmers , port inspectors , game wardens , exterminators , building contractors , and , of course , professional biologists are staring at some form of plant or animal life and wondering helplessly what it is .
Matching living things to their names is so notoriously difficult that the problem itself has been given a name : the taxonomic impediment .
With insects , the taxonomic impediment is severe .
Insects are the glue that holds the web of land - based life together ; they are pollinators , soil aerators , and a major source of food .
Most of them are as mysterious as extraterrestrials .
More than 90 percent of insects , tens of millions of species , have never been described .
As every type of information in the world is being encoded into standard formats , accessible on the Web and searchable from anywhere , plant and animal names stand out as a stubborn exception .
That 's because the quest for a name begins with a specimen , and a specimen is made of atoms , not bits .
There is no hole in a computer into which you can drop a bug .
The utopian lepidopterist moves his hands in little semicircles , and another dust - colored insect lies flat , positioned for eternity .
All around him are dead moths , wings folded softly on thorax .
More will arrive tomorrow ; and the next day , more still .
He eats at his desk , oblivious to the food in front of him .
His needles flash again .
He thinks mainly about his project .
There may be no person in the world faster at spreading moths .
Nonetheless , at this rate , his project will fail .
On the campus of the University of Guelph , in Canada , surrounded by neat embankments of snow , is a two - story building that contains an automatic animal - identifying machine .
Its inventor , Paul Hebert , is 61 years old , strongly built , with blue eyes and white hair .
He says he came up with the idea for the machine in a grocery store .
Walking down an aisle of packaged goods in 1998 , he indulged in a moment of awe :
Here , in a short row of numerals , was the entire retail universe , billions of individual products , identifiable by a tiny machine - readable barcode .
If it works for cans of food , Hebert thought , why not for bugs ?
Why not for everything ?
Hebert is an evolutionary biologist and an expert on water fleas .
He has been obsessed with insects since childhood .
On his left hand is a scar he got running with a glass bug jar as a toddler .
At 12 , he began performing operations on caterpillars , experimenting with their endocrine system in a quest to produce dwarfs and giants .
He won a scholarship to study at University of Cambridge , and in 1974 he began making collecting expeditions to New Guinea .
He went up into the cloud forest and caught 50,000 moths and butterflies , and neatly tagged each one with date and elevation .
By his count , there were 4,100 different species .
Except that they were n't really species .
" They were operational taxonomic units , " he says .
" You are n't allowed to call them species until you know what they are . "
Hebert went to the Natural History Museum in London and began to check his specimens against its large reference collection .
He naively thought he knew something about moths .
He understood their anatomy , he possessed a microscope , he could speed through the professional literature .
He was almost never stumped by anything he found in Canada .
He had studied at Cambridge for three years and had quickly found his bearings among the moths of the British Isles .
But the tropical moths were different .
There was too much diversity , too many dead insects in the drawers .
After several years , he admitted defeat .
He had failed to identify two - thirds of his specimens .
" It was like forgetting how to read , " Hebert says .
" It was like being struck dumb .
I had to face how far I was from attaining what I wanted , how inadequate my ability was . "
Barcodes work for cans of soup .
Why not bugs ?
Photos : Andrew Tingle Hebert started anew with water fleas .
Water fleas , he told himself , were the kind of insect a person could get his mind around .
There are only about 200 species of water fleas .
By the time Hebert had his flash of inspiration in the grocery store , he was running a lab at the University of Guelph with a small coterie of graduate students , a budget of about $ 120,000 per year , and the ability to answer just about any question on water fleas .
He understood , of course , that animals already carry a numerical code in their genome .
Anybody who has watched a crime show knows that DNA can be used to identify organisms down to the level of the single individual .
But the genome is impractical for mass identification of species .
Commercial barcodes have just a handful of digits ; animal genomes run to billions of letters .
Sequencing was neither easy , fast , nor cheap .
" Students would go off to study variation in a few hundred specimens and disappear for a year , " Hebert recalls .
Still , there were some common shortcuts .
In the 1990s , researchers had begun using easily sequenced fragments of mitochondrial genes to quickly sort their specimens into groups .
Mitochondrial genes are inherited maternally .
They are not scrambled by recombination , and mitochondrial variation offers rough clues about evolutionary history .
Insect people were using the back end of a mitochondrial gene known as CO1 to help identify specimens , marine invertebrate people liked the front end , and vertebrate zoologists used a different mitochondrial gene altogether .
Hebert 's idea was that , out of a hodgepodge of related techniques , he could build a simple , universal identification system — assuming , that is , the same small piece of mitochondrial DNA worked reliably for all the animals in the world .
To test this assumption , Hebert needed a large , easily accessible collection of already identified specimens .
Water fleas would n't work — there were n't enough different kinds of them .
So Hebert did something he had n't done in years :
He hung a sheet illuminated by a fluorescent light in his backyard and started catching moths .
He collected more than a thousand specimens and identified them using traditional methods .
It was n't very hard ; these were the Canadian moths he'd known since he was a kid .
He sequenced a fragment of CO1 from each bug , and sure enough , every moth was sorted to the right group .
His success rate was 100 percent .
In January 2003 , Hebert published a paper in Proceedings of the Royal Society in which he claimed his technique could solve the taxonomic impediment .
" Although much biological research depends on species diagnoses , " Hebert wrote , " taxonomic expertise is collapsing . "
He went on to complain of the dwindling number of qualified taxonomists , the tendency of expert identifications to be incorrect , the extreme difficulty of telling many animals apart in various life stages , the small number of species identified in the past 250 years , the vast number of unidentified species still remaining , and , perhaps most damning of all , the fact that even when an expert has identified a group of animals and done the identification correctly and produced a guide , the guide itself is so complex that mistakes are common .
As a remedy , Hebert set out his own method of identifying animals through a small , standard sequence of DNA ; he shared his data about Canadian moths , and he added some additional data gleaned from GenBank , a publicly accessible repository of gene sequences .
At the end of the paper , he asked for money .
" We believe that a CO1 database can be developed within 20 years for 5 - 10 million animal species on the planet for approximately $ 1 billion , " he wrote .
Taxonomists were outraged .
" Have you heard of the blind - 10 - year - old problem ? " asks Jesse Ausubel , a program officer with the Alfred P. Sloan Foundation , which funded two small meetings of well - known scientists to discuss Hebert 's idea in 2003 .
" Taxonomy is partly connoisseurship , " Ausubel says .
" But if you can use a chemical test to identify species , then a blind 10 - year - old can do it . "
Some non-taxonomists objected as well .
J. Craig Venter , famous for his work on sequencing the human genome , argued that Hebert 's suggestion was uninteresting .
The so - called barcode region amounted to just 650 base pairs , less than a ten - millionth of the genome .
Why be satisfied with something like that when the cost of whole genome sequencing was rapidly falling ?
But for Hebert , the triviality of sequencing a little fragment was exactly the point .
" It 's seven orders of magnitude smaller ! " he says .
" It 's always going to be cheaper .
If you can get whole genomes for $ 10 , you will get barcodes for pennies . "
Hebert proposed a barcoding factory : Capture a bunch of bugs , remove a leg from each , sequence a bit of DNA , and produce a chart that shows which bugs clump together as a single species .
If a sample of that species has already been identified , then the factory can provide a name .
Along with legs from bugs , the factory can accept other material that contains DNA — feathers from birds , or bits of mollusk , or samples from a pallet of frozen fish .
Once the method is proven and the standard is accepted , such a factory could even be miniaturized .
It could be taken out to the field , put in the back of a van .
Paul Herbert has set up a genetic barcoding factory in his lab in Guelph , Canada .
Bacteria and viruses do n't have mitochondria , but most other life does .
The CO1 gene is nearly universal .
If it worked on the animals he tested so far , it should work on everything .
But as Hebert pressed his case among his peers , he realized that he was on shaky ground .
Scientists who had spent their whole careers doing molecular genetics doubted that his good luck with a few groups would carry over to the whole diversity of life .
The only thing that could possibly answer such skepticism would be more evidence , but more evidence was exactly what he could n't get .
Hebert had already burned through his lab budget doing sequencing .
He had shed his grad students and was down to a single postdoc .
He was thinking about mortgaging his house .
" OK , I 'm saying I have the solution to identifying all animal life , but I 've got only a few hundred species to prove it , " he recalls .
" That 's not going to be convincing to any scientist . "
Hebert knew he needed to conduct a proper test , preferably with a large group of hard - to - tell - apart insects .
Tropical lepidoptera , for instance , are some of the most difficult cases in the animal kingdom .
But the specimens would have to be newly collected , because it was too hard to extract DNA from old tissue .
And Hebert would have to identify the specimens twice , once with a barcode and once with conventional taxonomy to see if the two results matched .
Although the work was slow , he could handle the genetic sequencing in his lab .
But the traditional taxonomic identification — this was impossible .
This was the taxonomic impediment .
This was the very problem he had run away from a quarter of a century before .
Dan Janzen and Paul Hebert met in 2003 , at the first meeting funded by the Sloan Foundation .
Janzen , after hearing Hebert 's bold claims , informed the startled inventor that he was thinking too small .
A barcode factory was a pretty good idea , but to rescue field biology , they needed more .
Why did n't they work on a machine that was the size of a comb — a species tricorder .
" You 've raised the bar , " Hebert said .
The two men had been in contact before , though Janzen had forgotten .
In 1978 , he sent Hebert a note saying that he'd heard he had been working in New Guinea and had put together a good collection of butterflies and moths — but there had been no publications .
What was he doing with his specimens ?
Janzen , at the time , was already on his way to becoming one of the most important biologists of his generation .
In the mid '60s , he had published a paper on the coevolution of ants and acacia trees that became a classic of evolutionary biology ; later , he would do the same thing for wasps and figs .
He is a MacArthur Fellow and a winner of the Crafoord Prize .
Hebert was forced to write back and admit that he 'd given up .
" I 'm not doing this anymore , " he replied .
At the 2003 meeting , Janzen and Hebert made a deal .
Hebert would provide discount barcode analysis for around $ 2 each .
Janzen would use his unparalleled field research operation to test whether barcoding worked , and he would create a prototype system to inventory animal life .
Each barcode would link to a reference specimen , with collection notes , scientific name where possible , and detailed ecological data .
Nobody in the world had access to as many fresh , annotated specimens of tropical moths as Janzen did .
For decades , he had been hacking his way through the taxonomic impediment .
Janzen also began to advocate for Hebert 's barcode project in every venue he could , taking advantage of his status to advance a vision that made Hebert 's claims seem modest by contrast .
In an editorial for Philosophical Transactions of the Royal Society , he wrote :
The space ship lands .
He steps out .
He points it around .
It says " friendly - unfriendly - edible - poisonous - dangerous - living - inanimate . "
On the next sweep it says " Quercus oleoides - Homo sapiens - Spondias mombin - Solanum nigrum - Crotalus durissus - Morpho peleides - serpentine .
This has been in my head since reading science fiction in 9th grade a half a century ago ...
Imagine a world where every child 's backpack , every farmer 's pocket , every doctor 's office , and every biologist 's belt has a gadget the size of a cell phone .
For free .
Pop off a leg , pluck a tuft of hair , pinch a piece of leaf , swat a mosquito , and stick it in on a tuft of toilet tissue .
One minute later the screen says Periplaneta americana , Canis familiaris , Quercus virginiana , or West Nile Virus in Culex pipiens .
A chip the size of your thumbnail could carry 30 million species - specific gene sequences and brief collaterals .
Push the collateral information button once , the screen offers basic natural history and images for that species — or species complex — for your point on the globe .
Push it twice , and you are in dialogue with central for more complex queries .
Or , the gadget , through your cell - phone uplink , says " this DNA sequence not previously recorded for your zone , do you wish to provide collateral information in return for 100 identification credits ? "
Imagine what maps of biodiversity would look like if they could be generated from the sequence identification requests of millions of users .
The barcoder , for Janzen , is more than just a scientific tool .
It is an instrument to revolutionize ecological research , turning it from a specialized occupation into a global collaboration .
And he had an idea of where to find support for this kind of dream .
Janzen introduced Hebert to his contacts at the Gordon and Betty Moore Foundation , who encouraged him to put in for a small grant , perhaps $ 2 million .
" Two million ? "
Hebert remembers thinking .
" We 're married if you give me $ 2 million . "
It gave him the money , and the Canadian government followed up with $ 30 million .
Hebert got a new building with a big room full of sequencing machines , along with technicians to run them .
The Canadian press picked up the story , mixed it with a bit of national pride , and announced that a scientist in Guelph was on track to put barcodes on all the animals in the world .
At this point , a number of biologists began to feel distinctly annoyed .
The claim that organisms could be barcoded was absurd .
A can of soup can be barcoded , because it is a particular instance of an original can of soup .
The soup had an author , who tasted it and pronounced it good .
The same can not be said of living things .
There is no archetype for an animal , no original form that all particular examples of a wolf or a human or a housefly must somehow be expected to match .
There is only reproduction .
There is only inheritance with variation .
There is only evolution .
A species is a cluster of genotypes , none of them identical , even within the same brood .
Implicit in the word barcoding is the notion that the creatures of Earth comprise a mosaic of stable kinds .
This made Hebert 's critics laugh , because it is a common idea about species among the uneducated .
It predates Darwin by thousands of years .
" We 're not accusing Hebert of being a creationist , just of acting like one , " says Brent Mishler .
Mishler is an expert on moss .
He is stocky and thickly bearded , with a gentle demeanor and immense knowledge .
We stand and talk amid the tall cabinets of the Jepson Herbarium at UC Berkeley , where he is director .
The cabinets contain the dried and pressed remnants of more than 2 million plants , one of the largest collections in the Americas .
Mishler 's herbarium will identify a plant for you , if you send it in by mail .
Although the official cost is $ 75 per hour , the staff will almost always try to identify your specimens for free because the herbarium is meant to serve scholars and the public .
But it is simply impossible to comply with everybody 's wishes , especially if the wish is for life to have conveniently ordered ranks , like an illustrated children 's book .
Mishler is not a conservative .
He knows that species names are a swamp of confusion and that the very idea of what counts as a species is a topic of energetic debate .
Hebert 's automatic animal identifying machine is wrong , according to Mishler , not because it challenges conventional wisdom but because it 's backward looking .
" The Linnaean hierarchy is an outmoded remnant of a pre-evolutionary worldview , " Mishler says .
" People want to think of things as members of mutually exclusive , hierarchically organized categories .
It is probably hardwired into human beings , but it is not true , and it is the source of tremendous problems in the world .
George Bush does this kind of thing all the time . "
Mishler has a soft expression and a thoughtful tone , but he is very unhappy with Paul Hebert .
" Honestly , I never thought it would get this much steam , " says Kipling Will , one of Mishler 's colleagues .
Will is associate director of the Essig Museum of Entomology .
He is an expert on beetles .
" My first reaction was that it was silly , " Will says .
" I do n't get any grant money for bitching , but I thought , ' People are going to read this , so it deserves a critique . ' "
Will 's office is a few minutes ' walk from the Jepson Herbarium , in the old core of the Berkeley campus .
The Essig Museum has long served the needs of agriculture .
Before bugs were interesting to evolutionary theorists , they were pests , and one of the reasons we wanted to know about them was so we could kill them .
Will accepts that people need fast , accurate answers from taxonomy , but he warns that urgent utilitarian demands create pressure for shortcuts and attract superficial thinkers eager for a quick fix .
" You can not resolve these questions by looking at a single character , such as a short section of mitochondrial DNA , " Will says , " unless you already know that character works in the particular group you are concerned about .
And for most of what we 're dealing with , you do not know that . "
Will reaches behind him and brings out a box .
" Here are some beetles , " he says .
" These are a bunch of little black things .
A lot of them are probably the only specimen that 's ever been collected — or maybe ever will be — because habitats are destroyed and species go extinct .
How are you going to get an identification by barcoding these ? "
If you pulled a leg off one of these beetles and sent it to Guelph , you would n't get a name , because no name yet exists .
The barcoding project , Will says , is based on a fantasy .
Will never meant to turn his opposition into a crusade .
But the overconfidence of the barcoders bothered him .
Eventually , he coauthored a lengthy technical attack in Journal of Heredity arguing that barcoding would be useful , at best , only in groups of animals that were already well understood .
This undercut Hebert 's key claim , for if barcodes depended on expert taxonomy , how could they be the solution to the taxonomic impediment ?
Other taxonomists joined the protest .
Late last year , the prestigious journal Evolutionary Biology published an article by Marcelo R. de Carvalho , an expert on sharks , and coauthored by 29 other taxonomists from museums and universities around the world , warning that programs to automate the identification of species were bound to come to grief .
Such schemes , Carvalho wrote , were delivered by " end users " of taxonomy who were " not familiar with the complexity of its hypotheses and its identity as a real , successful , and independent science . "
Dan Janzen and Winnie Hallwachs foresee a tricorder - type device that can identify species on the fly .
And yet , all the while , Hebert 's barcode database continued to grow .
Ecologists joined the game , and marine biologists , and more foundations came through to fund the barcoding of specific groups .
The Smithsonian Institution launched a global consortium , which held an international conference in Taipei .
The barcoders treat their critics in the manner of Copernican astronomers brushing off niggling Ptolemaic complaints .
" It 's pretty frustrating , " Will says .
I 'm in a bar near an overdeveloped Costa Rican beach with the utopian lepidopterist .
Janzen is working hard to persuade a local real estate speculator — a balding gringo with sunburned cheeks and a Gulf Coast accent — to give up a very large piece of land .
With his khaki shirt , oversize digital camera , and uncombed white hair , Janzen looks like an innocent biologist .
But in these parts , he is a power player of the first order , and , ten minutes later , the deal is done ; $ 2 million for 2,471 acres .
Janzen will add the land to a biological reserve — Area de Conservación Guanacaste , known as ACG — that takes up about 610 square miles and runs from up near the Nicaraguan border down almost to the city of Liberia , as well as a good distance into the sea .
When the speculator 's land becomes part of the conservation area , Janzen will start cataloging it , collecting specimens of all the lepidoptera he and his colleagues can find , pulling off their legs and sending them to Guelph .
As hard as Will works to debunk Hebert 's claims , Janzen works harder to register barcodes .
He is trying , through sheer accumulation of insects , to impose the automatic animal identifying machine upon the world .
The first time he talked with Hebert , Janzen asked where Hebert was getting his specimens .
" He told me he was using a personal butterfly collection , " Janzen says .
" That resonated , because this is a personal butterfly collection . "
We are standing behind his little house in a rough , open pavilion strung with ropes .
Beneath the ropes hang hundreds of plastic bags full of leaves , and inside every bag there is a caterpillar , a pupa , a moth , or some flies or wasps that have managed to parasitize the caterpillar , eat the pupa , and emerge into the middle of this scientific experiment .
Like the insects in the neighboring bags , the destiny of these parasites is to be frozen , dried , identified , barcoded , and shipped to a museum for reference .
Here , and in 10 other caterpillar - rearing stations in the forest , Janzen , Hallwachs , and their many local collaborators have solved taxonomic mysteries that go back hundreds of years .
" Some of these moths have had names forever , and their caterpillars , too , and they 've never been recognized as the same species , " Janzen says .
So far they have sent more than 77,000 insect legs to Guelph for barcoding and linked each to a complete digital record , including photographs , collection details , and collateral notes .
Janzen knows these insects extremely well , but barcoding has focused his attention on distinctions that had always been impossible to sort out .
" Sometimes you 've got all these slightly different moths , and according to convention they are the same species , " he says .
" The original specimen that goes with this name could be sitting in a dusty drawer in Berlin , and who knows what ecological information goes with it ?
Maybe none !
So we send legs of all these supposedly identical insects to Paul , and sure enough , we get different barcodes .
We go back to the box and sort them by barcode , and sure enough , one of the barcode clusters is big , one of them is smaller , one of them is gray , and one of them feeds on a different plant .
So there goes your variation — there are four species ! "
Janzen works his way slowly down the line of plastic bags , shaking them slightly , seeing if anything happened overnight .
When he finds a moth , wings open , resting among the leaves , he removes the bag from the line and puts it into a freezer .
" A hobbyist could do this , " he says .
" A child could do it .
Biology is common property .
That 's the good thing , and it is also the bad thing .
You need these observations , but there is no way to organize them , to connect them with the taxasphere . "
The taxasphere is Janzen 's nickname for taxonomic experts and the scientific knowledge they control .
This knowledge lives in journals and monographs , in seminars , museum collections , and , least accessibly , in the brains of the taxonomists themselves .
One afternoon , standing with me in the forest , Janzen points to a thin tree whose leaves have deep lobes .
" Do you recognize this tree ?
It 's a papaya , " he says .
" I do n't suppose you know how it is pollinated ?
If you look it up , you will see that people believe it is pollinated by moths .
But this is not true . "
Later , I search the Web and find pictures of hawk moths drinking deeply from papaya flowers in full bloom .
" Those are the male flowers , " Janzen says .
The female trees have smaller flowers that are nearly odorless .
Many years ago , here in Guanacaste , Janzen played host to the late Herbert Baker , one of the high priests of insect pollination .
All night , Baker watched the flowers of the female papaya tree .
No moths stopped in .
The only visitors that drank sap from both plants were male mosquitoes .
The papaya is an important crop and a popular garden plant , yet misinformation about its pollination is nearly total .
Baker 's observations never left the taxasphere .
The next day , at a rearing station high on the slopes of one of the volcanoes , Janzen reaches into a plastic bag full of leaves and takes out a green caterpillar with red spots like eyes .
" They are not eyes , " he says .
" Caterpillars do n't have eyes . "
He pokes the caterpillar and it gives a sudden turn , pointing its fake eyes toward his finger and puffing up like a miniature snake .
Back in the ' 80s and '90s , Janzen proved this mimicry can work to deter predators .
He had his fellow researchers sneak up on the nests of birds that like to eat big caterpillars and wrap pipe cleaners around the necks of nestlings so they could not swallow .
Later , they crept back to unwrap the pipe cleaners and retrieve the uneaten bugs .
The biologists kept careful records of 65 nests .
" You know what ? " Janzen asks .
" Not a single caterpillar with eye spots . "
Janzen keeps poking the caterpillar , but it no longer puffs and turns .
" After you do it a few times they stop , " he says .
" This caterpillar is going to turn into a moth , Xylophanes germen .
The next time somebody finds it , how are they going to connect it with the story I just told you ? "
Earth , Janzen says , is like an unread book , but unread books can only entice people who are literate .
" Take a kid on a field trip today and you can see that he is walking through the forest like a person who is totally blind . "
It is 5 am .
At the rearing barn in Costa Rica , the researchers — Hazel Cambronero , Ana Ruth Franco , and Sergio Rios Salas — are tired and quiet .
We drove out the day before , carrying collecting equipment , plastic bags , and fluorescent lights , but the wind beat hard all night , making the sheet flap relentlessly against the hanging lamp .
Every few seconds , the moths were startled away .
The researchers gave up at dawn , and now they do n't bother with food or coffee but throw their gear into the Land Cruiser and rattle out the gate .
Above them the sky is busy : Venus competes with Mercury and a waxing moon and a fruit - loop dawn .
We climb back out of the Atlantic drainage , cross the Continental Divide , and descend toward the west .
At a one - family village called New Zealand , we have breakfast , and the researchers begin to come to life .
They were all born nearby .
Franco has been working on lepidoptera here for more than a decade , since she was a teenager .
Janzen calls Cambronero , Franco , and Salas parataxonomists .
They are neither university scientists who live off their research grants nor ignoramuses who move through the natural world as if blind .
Instead they are observers , discoverers , hunters of specimens .
They are like 19th - century botanical and zoological collectors , who were part of a collaborative enterprise that spanned the globe ; they traveled and corresponded , strove for credit , sold their services .
Their collections and notes formed the undergrowth of biological knowledge from which the modern science emerged .
Darwin in his youth was one of them .
Aside from his genius , it was the key to his career .
There were standards battles even then .
Joseph Hooker , the great director of Royal Botanic Gardens , Kew , attempted to get everybody to use tiny labels of precise dimensions to encourage brevity and prevent the accumulation of local detail from obscuring what he believed to be the widespread distribution of common species .
Hooker wanted his collection to be the touchstone for the world , but he was premature .
Nature was too diverse to be standardized by human experts using Latin words to describe salient features on little bits of paper .
In Guelph today , the barcoding factory is running at full speed .
So far , Hebert 's team has analyzed nearly 375,000 specimens .
In Madagascar , a well - known myrmecologist named Brian Fisher has been barcoding ants by the thousands ; there is a collaboration under way to get the barcodes of all birds ( they have done 30 percent in the past five years ) and every species of fish as well .
Barcoding works .
When a named reference specimen exists in Hebert 's database , the system can accept a bit of tissue , sequence the barcode region , and come up with a species name .
Unfortunately , there are only about 47,000 barcodes that link directly to a name , because many of the barcoded specimens still lack a valid , traditional taxonomic identification .
But Hebert no longer loses sleep over the taxonomic impediment .
After all , the reason you want a scientific name is to connect with other research .
When enough of this research is linked to barcodes , then the barcodes , not the names , will be canonical .
Names will still exist , but they will be like nicknames , affectionate handles useful in writing and conversation but of fading relevance to science .
Slowly , the 250 - year history of Linnaean nomenclature will come to an end .
" Each sequencer can run 500,000 sequences a year , " Hebert says .
" Line them up , feed them bug bits , pay the chemistry bill , and we can easily register 1 million species in a decade .
Give us a few more sequencers , more chemistry money , more bug bits , and we 'll register 100 million species in 20 years and then go swimming on a beach in Costa Rica . "
He is kidding about going swimming on the beach .
The barcode simplifies a naming process that , until now , has been horribly tangled .
But on the other side of this simplification is not simplicity .
When even schoolchildren carry automatic animal identifying machines — well , what then ?
If there are 100 million barcodes , how many observations will there be ?
How many specimens ?
How many dollops of fact , semifact , and falsehood mixed together ?
Who will hack their way through this new tangle , even more fiendish than the old one ?
Beyond the taxonomic impediment , all the confusion of the natural world awaits .
Fortunately for the progress of science , a messy , almost organic growth of truth and half - truth is exactly the kind of thing that human beings of a certain temperament find impossible to resist .
Janzen , Hebert , Will , and Mishler — the barcoders and their critics alike — have been collecting facts since they were children , before they even knew what science was .
In the end , barcodes are not just devices to put names on animals ; they are also clever traps to catch all the people in the world whose curiosity impels them toward data as if toward light .
Among the first people caught , of course , was the inventor of barcoding himself , who long ago had given away his collection of New Guinea moths and butterflies so it would n't torment his conscience .
Recently , Hebert felt compelled to stop by the Canadian National Collection of Insects , Arachnids , and Nematodes .
The possibility of extracting DNA from old specimens has been much on his mind .
" They are still there , " he says .
" Thirty years later , they are still unnamed .
They are just sitting in a drawer , waiting for me to pull a leg off . "
Contributing editor Gary Wolf ( gary@aether.com ) wrote about futurist Ray Kurzweil in issue 16.04 .
Related Get Your Bug On : How to Identify a Species
Login or Register to add a new Windows or OS X application
A Linux alternative can be associated with an app from its package page after the Windows or OS X program is added on this page .
“ Bye - bye Aristide , Chavez you ’re next ! ”
Venezuela : Right - wing opposition clamours for another US - backed coup
By Mauricio Saavedra
9 March 2004
A wave of political unrest and violence now unfolding in Venezuela bears all the hallmarks of a “ made in Washington ” destabilisation campaign .
In the wake of the US - organized overthrow of Haiti ’s Jean - Bertrand Aristide , this campaign is aimed at creating an atmosphere of chaos in the oil - rich South American nation , setting the stage for a military takeover and a wave of terror against the working class .
The most recent unrest flared when the country ’s National Electoral Council ( CNE ) announced that it could verify only 1.8 million of the 3.1 million petitions a right - wing alliance claimed it gathered to oust Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez .
A total of 2.4 million signatures are needed to force a plebiscite on Chavez ’s presidency .
The CNE ruled that 1.1 million signatures needed further verification , while it rejected 140,000 signatures outright , including repeated signatures and the names of long - deceased voters , non-nationals , children and members of the armed forces .
The disputed petitions include ones in which details appear to have been completed in the same handwriting .
News of rioting in a country which is the world ’s fifth - largest oil exporter sent jitters through global markets and drove the price of world crude up to $ 33.44 a barrel , its highest level since the US - led invasion of Iraq last year .
Oil prices shot up on fears that last year ’s management - provoked three - month - long oil shutdown could be repeated .
Oil exports , which account for almost 80 percent of Venezuela ’s earnings , were brought to a standstill then , resulting in the country ’s worst - ever economic crisis — GDP contracted 9.2 percent last year , after shrinking 8.9 percent in 2002 .
Since February 28 , the political violence has left 10 dead , dozens injured and several hundred arrested .
Thousands of anti-Chavez forces from the wealthier suburbs of Caracas barricaded the capital ’s major highway with litter and tyres set alight and battled hundreds of thousands of people who streamed down from poorer quarters to rally in support of the government .
Unable to rely on a police force under the control of opposition politicians , the government has mobilised national guard and army troops , equipped with heavy armoured vehicles , tear gas and rubber bullets .
AFP reported that police “ have patrolled without stepping in as demonstrators burned trash , hurled Molotov cocktails and in some cases opened fire with handguns . ”
Several police officers have since been arrested .
The government has also suspended the right to bear arms until March 14 , ostensibly to prevent a bloodbath .
Leading members of the multi-party Coordinadora Democratica opposition entered into discussions late last week with the CNE , government officials and international electoral observers on the procedure to verify the signatures .
Even as they continue negotiating , the opposition has not ruled out sidelining the referendum process altogether and unleashing a wave of rioting aimed at provoking a military coup .
The Venezuelan president , a former paratrooper himself , stacked the military with handpicked cronies following a US - backed coup that briefly brought a civilian - military junta to power in April 2002 .
The coup collapsed in the face of mass demonstrations and rioting by supporters of the Chavez government centred in the impoverished neighbourhoods of Caracas .
While the military has to date remained silent , the opposition hopes that its efforts may still win the support of commanding officers .
Last weekend ’s mass rallies organised by the Coordinadora Democratica brought out tens of thousands of demonstrators demanding that the CNE change its proposal on reconfirming the disputed petitions .
The CNE wants to set up 1,000 booths from March 18 - 22 to allow petitioners to authenticate their own signatures .
The opposition demands that the CNE instead verify the signatures by checking a “ statistically sound random sample , ” a proposal initially aired by the Organization of American States ( OAS ) .
“ This is going to be a logistical nightmare , ” an observer said .
“ You ’re talking about over a million people .
We do n’t even know if it can be done . ”
However , late last year the opposition boasted of having collected three million signatures in just four days , a process that the February 28 issue of the Economist said “ went smoothly , witnessed by officials from the government , the opposition and the CNE . ”
The opposition — composed of Venezuela ’s traditional political parties , the chamber of commerce and manufacturers ’ association , as well the Confederation of Venezuelan Workers , the country ’s bureaucratized labour organization — is split over what road to take .
While one section is in discussions with the electoral commission , another has denounced the commission as an entity controlled by an autocratic government — a position endorsed by the US administration .
“ We have always maintained that the rights of the Venezuelan citizens who have been signing these petitions need to be respected and that the constitutional processes need to be observed , ” said State Department spokesman Richard Boucher .
“ The Venezuelan government has , at times , agreed with those rights , but often we ’ve seen activity that we think is not consistent with that . ”
“ We underscore the need for a timely process that facilitates participation and respects the constitutional rights of the Venezuelan citizens who signed the various recall petitions , ” he added .
Whatever roadblocks Chavez has thrown in the path of the recall campaign , the Bush administration that now poses as the champion of democratic procedure itself came to power by halting a Florida vote recount in 2000 , and it backed the violent overthrew of Chavez in 2002 .
In line with the notion that the Chavez government is trampling upon the democratic rights of the opposition , the OAS and the Carter Center — a think tank established by former US president Jimmy Carter — said in a joint release : “ We understand the concerns of the CNE , but the evaluation should start from the presumption of the good faith of the citizen as a universal principle . ”
Their statement followed earlier requests that the CNE not get “ bogged down in minor technicalities ” and to “ respect the will of the people . ”
The five - man electoral commission is composed of two pro-Chavez and two anti-Chavez officials and a fifth member , the organization ’s president Francisco Carrasquero , who is ostensibly neutral and casts the deciding vote .
The recall referendum emerged from an accord signed May 29 , 2003 by the government , the OAS and the Carter Center , and the Coordinadora Democratica , which after failing to bring down Chavez through extra-parliamentary means opted for an attempt to oust him via an “ electoral solution ” .
They agreed to utilise a clause written into the 1999 constitution drafted by the Chavez administration , in which the incumbent must submit to a recall referendum halfway through his term if 20 percent of the electorate request such a vote .
With the possibility that the recall may never see the light of day , another fraction of the opposition , the groupings associated with right - wing terrorist outfits , are itching to wreak havoc .
The March 4 edition of the San Francisco Chronicle referred to opposition protesters with banners reading “ Bye - bye Aristide , Chavez you ’re next ” and calling for the army to intervene .
Dario Azzelini from the Internet site Venezuelanalysis.com similarly observed that “ leading sectors of Venezuela ’s opposition hope to stimulate once again a military coup or even a US intervention .
A few hundred even demonstrated in front of the US embassy in Caracas in favour of an intervention , holding up signs saying ‘ 1 Hussein ; 2 Aristide ; 3 Chavez . ’ ”
Some have rallied behind Miranda state governor Enrique Mendoza and his police chief Hermes Rojas Peralta , who has strong links to Luis Posada Carriles , a Cuban exile CIA operative who was jailed in Venezuela in connection with the bombing of a Cuban airliner in 1976 , killing 73 people , and is now facing charges for attempting to assassinate Fidel Castro in Panama .
Also active in this network is a right - wing terrorist group known as the Venezuelan Patriotic Front , and the Miami - based Cuban émigré terrorist front known as the Comandos F4 .
This last group , the Comandos F4 , candidly stated February 28 that it had reactivated the “ Latin American Civic - Military Alliance ” to “ coordinate military expertise and experience and exchange intelligence ” on leftists in Latin America .
These fascistic outfits form part of an opposition that has received both covert and overt funding from Washington .
According to recent documents obtained through the Freedom of Information Act , US agencies funnelled over $ 1 million in April 2002 and another $ 800,000 since June of the same year to organizations associated with the Venezuelan opposition .
Among the organizations to receive the most funds is the corrupt Confederation of Venezuelan Workers ( CTV ) , which between 1998 and March 2003 had $ 631,000 channelled through the American Center for International Labor Solidarity — a part of the US government - financed National Endowment for Democracy that is run jointly with the US AFL - CIO labour bureaucracy .
The CTV bureaucracy assisted the Venezuelan business association in planning the 2002 coup and in organizing a 12 - hour strike / lockout that shut down light industry , banks and the retail sector to demand that Chavez resign .
These forces also enjoy close ties to Bush ’s chief policy - makers on Latin America , including presidential envoy Otto Reich , US ambassador to Venezuela Charles Shapiro — both were engaged in intimate discussions with the putschists prior to and during the military overthrow of Chavez two years ago — and Roger Noriega , who last September replaced Reich as Assistant Secretary of State for Western Hemisphere Affairs .
Shapiro and Reich are linked to the massacres and assassinations carried out by El Salvador ’s military - backed death squads , as well as to Lt. Col .
Oliver North ’s illegal network for funding the “ contra ” war against Nicaragua in the 1980s .
Noriega , a newer Republican apparatchik , began his career as an aide to the extreme anti-communist senator from North Carolina , Jesse Helms , and was then tapped as Washington ’s permanent representative to the OAS .
What characterizes all of these officials is their pathological hatred of socialism , democracy and the international working class .
They are ideologically committed to a foreign policy directed at quashing any attempt , no matter how meagre , to shift wealth and power away from the multinational corporations and the native oligarchies .
A case in point is Chavez , elected twice with the largest popular margins in Venezuelan history on promises of agrarian reform and reducing entrenched poverty .
He has earned Washington ’s ire through his populist rhetoric , friendly ties to Cuba ’s Fidel Castro , opposition to the Free Trade Agreement of the Americas and his refusal to carry out the privatization of Venezuela ’s giant state - owned oil company , PDVSA .
Yet “ emerging market bond investors like Chavez in power because they know he ’s going to continue to service the debt , ” a Deutsche Bank economist observed recently .
Moreover , Chavez has overseen a redrafting of the constitution in 2000 that “ liberalized foreign investment laws and strengthened the economy ’s capitalist foundation . ”
That is , his railing against neo-liberalism notwithstanding , he is implementing the demands of the foreign banks and international financial institutions .
Despite this , the US - backed Venezuelan putschists are clamouring for Washington to intervene , as they attempt to create a political climate akin to the one that existed in Haiti on the eve of the anti-Aristide coup .
The factory defect rate for Xbox 360 consoles in August 2005 - four months prior to its US launch - was as high as 68 per cent .
What 's more , the initial yield on the three - core CPU designed by IBM for the next - generation console was just 16 per cent .
That 's all according to a report by VentureBeat 's Dean Takahashi , author of the console 's unofficial biography , of sorts , Xbox 360 Uncloaked , who attributed the numbers to " several sources " .
In his article Xbox 360 defects : an inside history of Microsoft 's videogame console woes , Takahashi also wrote that during meetings to outline the Xbox 360 project , " Secretly , Microsoft had planned on selling 50 million Xbox 360s " .
Later on , Takahashi's sources claim that Microsoft was well aware of the massive defect rate ( although entertainment division boss Robbie Bach has subsequently denied there was any concern about it at the time ) and chose to press on with the console 's launch anyway .
Over 1.2 million consoles were returned by early 2007 , he wrote , and eventually Microsoft announced a free replacement service as it got its head around the problem .
As to why , Takahashi identified any number of things , but in terms of the early round of problems it sounds like feature - creep , with the late addition of hard disks and wireless controllers blocking airflow
" It turned out in the end that this was all going too far , too fast , " said one source quoted by Takahashi .
" They were adding too many features after things were locked down .
That incremental feature adding just made it fragile . "
Microsoft also took ownership of the ATI and IBM chip designs at the heart of the console .
" However , " Takahashi pointed out , " this was a mistake : it was now responsible for failures related to the chip . "
Yeah - oops .
The result of all the failures was , initially , a " bone pile " in a warehouse at manufacturer Wistron and a repair centre in Texas of over 500,000 consoles that either did n't work to begin with or broke quickly .
All the while we were being told failures were within " normal rates for consumer electronics products " .
Later , between January and June 2007 , Microsoft even shut down manufacturing , according to Takahashi , in order to investigate .
Yet for all this , Takahashi reported that Robbie Bach told fellow diners at some sort of technology banquet in July that gamers have largely forgiven the company for the defectives 360s .
For Microsoft 's part , it said : " This new story repeats old information , and contains rumors and innuendo from anonymous sources , attempting to create a new sensational angle , and is highly irresponsible . "
The choir packs in the tunes on ice
Take a group of men from the northern Finnish town of Oulu - population 100,000 - dress them in dark suits with black ties made from the inner tubes of car tyres .
Next , send them out on to the ice floes of the frozen Baltic and get them to shout - in choral unison - at a stranded 10,000 - ton ice breaking vessel , and you have got something called Mieskuoro Huutajat .
Otherwise known as the shouting men of Finland , it is more than a bunch of Finns getting things off their chests by upping their decibels .
It is a new art form , and it is taking parts of the world by arctic storm .
Compositions are carefully planned - but we do not sing , we scream in unison
Mika Ronkainen
In fact , the choir has grown so successful that one of the screaming Finns , Mika Ronkainen , has just directed a film about them .
Popular anthems
" It is like a normal choir " , he says .
The choir has toured Europe , the US and Japan
" People seem to like our collective yelling and even pay to hear us .
The Finnish national anthem is especially popular . "
Mieskuoro Huutajat ( Men 's Choir Shouters ) was formed in 1987 in Oulu , by a group of young men who confess they had nothing better to do .
The idea was to dress about 20 men in distinctive black attire , white shirts and black rubber ties , and train them to shout some of the most beloved songs in Finland .
Since its formation , the choir has toured Europe several times , in addition to the former Soviet Union , the US and Japan .
Its latest venture is taking place on the arctic pack ice where the choir - dressed like penguins - has been performing before the crew of an ice - bound ship .
" It is always something the choir has wanted to do , " says Mr Ronkainen , " because such antics create a form of absurdity which we find works the best . "
That 's right folks , this is not the light at the end of the tunnel , it 's a star and orbiting planet some 500 light years away .
While scientists have found numerous planets by detecting gravitational " wobble " in stars , " this is the first time we have directly seen a planetary mass object in a likely orbit around a star like our Sun , " said the lead author of a paper about the discovery , David LafreniÃ¨re .
The planet is 3,106 trillion miles away and approximately 8 x the size of Jupiter , but 11 x further from its sun than Neptune is from ours .
Interesting , very interesting .
Being a town - renowned astronomer myself , I 'll go ahead and spit some info about the planet that those pseudo - scientists that made the discovery failed to mention .
Let 's see here .... round , yellowish - orange , significantly smaller than 1 " .
BAM !
You just got Saganed !
Historic first look at an alien world , 3106 trillion miles away [ dvice ]
GOLDEN , Colorado --
After several joint campaign appearances with Sen. John McCain , Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin ventured off last week into solo campaign territory that was tightly controlled -- no questions taken .
But for the first time since becoming McCain 's running mate , Palin will take questions in an open forum from voters alongside the Arizona senator on Wednesday .
But Palin 's solo debut is a case study in her appeal and in the McCain campaign strategy to keep her on a careful script .
Palin's two rallies out West were tightly controlled events .
In Carson City , Nevada , on Saturday , Palin furiously signed autographs longer than she spoke .
In Golden , Colorado , on Monday , signs that voters brought to the rally were not allowed in .
But yellow signs in the crowd were distributed by the campaign .
Watch more on Palin 's solo campaign appearances »
Palin spent this past Sunday in Denver out of sight , meeting with aides and staying away from the traveling press .
As for reporters following her around , they 're still trying .
More and more , Palin appears to be honing her policy positions without getting too specific .
" Our regulatory system is outdated .
... Washington has ignored this .
Washington has been asleep at the switch and ineffective , " she said Monday .
It 's a taste of the reform message McCain advisers call the key to winning , and the biggest bonus of adding a Washington outsider to the ticket -- especially in the anti-establishment Rocky Mountain states .
Watch Palin lash out on Washington »
It was her first foray at campaigning alone since being minted as McCain 's running mate .
At the campaign event in Carson City , Palin added fresh fodder to her now familiar stump speech -- what she 'd like do in the White House .
" My mission is energy security and government reform , " she said .
Palin also got a big response for a new swipe at Sen. Barack Obama :
" Our opponent wants to raise income taxes , and raise payroll taxes ... and raise investment income taxes . "
Independent groups say that 's a stretch , arguing that most Americans would get a tax cut under Obama 's plan .
But lines like that are drawing crowds along the campaign trail with newly enthused GOP voters and even some conservative Democrats such as Gayle Loughridge .
" I have n't been political my whole life , and Palin has got me energized .
Got me up at 3:30 this morning just to hear what she has to say , " she said .
CNN 's Ed Hornick contributed to this report .
All About Sarah Palin • John McCain
( CNN ) -- Former Bush adviser Karl Rove said Sunday that Sen. John McCain had gone " one step too far " in some of his recent ads attacking Sen. Barack Obama .
Karl Rove said both candidates are guilty of going too far in their attacks .
Rove has leveled similar criticism against Obama .
" McCain has gone in some of his ads -- similarly gone one step too far , " he told Fox News , " and sort of attributing to Obama things that are , you know , beyond the ' 100 percent truth ' test . "
The Obama campaign immediately leaped on the quote .
" In case anyone was still wondering whether John McCain is running the sleaziest , most dishonest campaign in history , today Karl Rove -- the man who held the previous record -- said McCain 's ads have gone too far , " said campaign spokesman Tommy Vietor , in a statement sent to reporters minutes after Rove 's on - air comments .
Rove masterminded both of President Bush 's successful White House bids .
Rove said both candidates need to " be careful " about their attacks on each other .
" They ought to -- there ought to be an adult who says , ' Do we really need to go that far in this ad ?
Do n't we make our point and wo n't we get broader acceptance and deny the opposition an opportunity to attack us if we do n't include that one little last tweak in the ad ? ' " he said .
Obama on Saturday accused McCain and vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin of avoiding the issues to " distort " his record .
" They 're going to talk about pigs , and they 're going to talk about lipstick ; they 're going to talk about Paris Hilton , they 're going to talk about Britney Spears .
They will try to distort my record , and they will try to undermine your trust in what the Democrats intend to do , " he said at a stop in Manchester , New Hampshire .
McCain campaign spokesman Tucker Bounds criticized Obama for showing " zero restraint , " considering what Gulf Coast residents were facing after Hurricane Ike .
Bounds said the " attacks mark a new low from Barack Obama . "
The Obama campaign shot back and accused McCain of " cynically running the sleaziest and least honorable campaign in modern presidential campaign history . "
McCain said last week that he thinks the tone of the campaign would be different had Obama agreed to appear with him in town hall meetings across the country .
Both McCain and Obama laid low on Sunday .
McCain attended a NASCAR race in Loudon , New Hampshire .
Obama had no public events scheduled , but Sen. Hillary Clinton hit the trail for him in Akron , Ohio .
Clinton repeated her campaign one - liner -- " No way , no how , no McCain , no Palin . "
The New York senator said " all that McCain and Palin offer is four more years of the same failed policies and wrong direction and disappointment and difficulties that have confronted our country . "
" Barack and I may have started out on two separate paths , but we are on one journey now , " she said .
Meanwhile , the Obama campaign announced Sunday that it had raised $ 66 million in August .
The new total bests the campaign 's previous high of $ 55 million , which came in February during his tough primary fight with Clinton .
The Obama campaign said more than half a million new donors contributed in August , when the Illinois senator accepted the Democratic presidential nomination and named Sen.
Joe Biden of Delaware as his running mate .
The campaign had more than $ 77 million in cash on hand at the end of August , compared with about $ 66 million in July .
On September 1 , McCain 's campaign reported raising $ 47 million in August .
That haul also set a monthly record for the Arizona senator , whose campaign says it received a financial shot in the arm after McCain picked Palin to join the ticket .
Obama has rejected public financing , calling the system " broken " -- a decision that frees him to continue raising money for November .
McCain has accepted federal matching funds for his general election campaign , giving him $ 84 million to spend for November .
The money comes with strict spending limits , but the Republican National Committee 's victory fund can continue to raise and spend money on his behalf .
With Palin on the campaign trail , McCain has been seeing increased numbers and energy at his campaign events .
The two will hold joint town hall meetings sometime early this week .
A McCain adviser said early plans are to hold the town halls in western Michigan and Wisconsin , although the exact details of where and when they will be held are still being worked out .
All About Barack Obama • John McCain • U.S. Presidential Election
DENVER ( AP ) 
The Denver City Council has passed an ordinance barring protesters from carrying buckets of feces during the Democratic National Convention .
Three protest groups say they 've already promised not to toss , smear or spray feces , and they call the new ordinance insulting and excessive .
The council approved the ordinance 12 - 0 on Monday .
It also bars protesters from possessing chains , locks or other materials they could use to create human barricades or cause other disruptions .
Members of Re-create 68 , Unconventional Action and Tent State University say the ordinance is overkill because they have signed an agreement not to use excrement .
The convention will take place Aug. 25 - 28 .
Copyright 2008 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
About The Author Rob Bowen is a staff writer for Web Hosting Geeks , a longtime freelance designer , and burgeoning videographer and filmmaker whose creative voice and works can … More about Robert Bowen …
60 Concert Posters From Ten Amazing Artists
Smashing Newsletter
Every week , we send out useful front - end & UX techniques .
Subscribe and get the Smart Interface Design Checklists PDF delivered to your inbox .
Your ( smashing ) email Subscribe →
When scouring the design field , searching for stand - out artistic expression and fluid composition , one area that should always catch the eye , is poster design .
Moreover , concert poster design , which has produced some truly revolutionary artists and works for generations now , should be paid particular attention to .
Fluidity of design is especially key in poster layouts , as there is a finite space , and numerous points to capture and pass along within these confines .
When scouring the design field , searching for stand - out artistic expression and fluid composition , one area that should always catch the eye , is poster design .
Moreover , concert poster design , which has produced some truly revolutionary artists and works for generations now , should be paid particular attention to .
Fluidity of design is especially key in poster layouts , as there is a finite space , and numerous points to capture and pass along within these confines .
The designer must encapsulate not only the band ’s attitude and tone with the work , but also impart the feel of the album or tour that the poster is announcing .
And speaking of announcements , the posters must seamlessly incorporate the typography that tells the reader the names , dates , and places of import .
All the while maintaining the impact of the piece , and not overworking or overfilling the area and detracting from it ’s overall arrangement .
Further Reading on SmashingMag :
So many shining examples of this exist in the art community .
We present 60 inspiring concert posters from 10 amazing artists .
The links at the bottom will take you to sites dedicated to showcasing other wonderful works from the concert poster genre .
Emek
Emek is an awe - inspiring artist with a natural depth and vibrance to his work .
From stunningly styled typography to intricately carved creative designs , Emek ’s work shines out among his peers , and was an easy addition to this inspiring bunch .
Mike Klay
Mike Klay is a stellar stand - out in the field of concert poster design .
His simplicity of style and nature packs so much of the message in such compact creations , using clean , crisp vectors to achieve his task without using all of the available space .
Saying so much with so little , is an awesome feat , and Mike Klay achieves this with ease .
Jim Phillips
Jim Phillips ’ singular voice and untethered style give his work such a varied and boundless feel that it ’s easy to see why his work has spanned generations , standing firmly against the tests of time .
Rex Ray
Rex Ray ’s eclectic work in concert poster design combines a retro feel with a piercing , modern attitude that explodes from within his work and captures the attention while tickling the imagination .
Rex Ray ’s stimulating style can not , and should not be ignored .
Jermaine Rogers
Jermaine Rogers is one of those raw expressive artists whose work makes you feel like an addict .
It seeps into your skin and excites your senses with it ’s bite and it ’s dark beauty leaving you longing for more .
With his sharp and edgy style , Jermaine Rogers ’ work will be inspiring artists for years to come .
Frank Kozik
Frank Kozik stylishly blends a punk rock attitude with intense colors and textures to stamp an imaginative mark on the design community .
His no-holds - barred and uncompromising approach to his work , make it easy to see why this creative giant has been credited with reviving this lost artform .
Chris Shaw
Some artists ’ work has an aura about it , that creates a tone which radiates from the piece and infects the environment around it .
There are not many artists with a voice this vibrant and alive , but Chris Shaw is one of them , and a concert poster list would not be complete without giving this titan of artistic style and complex composition a nod .
Nel ‘ Jagmo ’ Jacobson
Some artist ’s style speaks volumes with the depths of their designs , and the intricate weaving of different elements throughout their work .
Nel Jacobson , known also as Jagmo , is the type of artist that can accomplish these amazing feats with ease and simplicity .
This inspiring artist consistently uses minimalistic design elements , and then fills the space brilliantly incorporating massive typography with balance and skill .
Craig Howell
For nearly a decade , Craig Howell , has led a charge through the concert poster design community leaving a vibrant and explosive mark in his path .
His highly original work has kept his name circulating throughout the industry , and has kept this talented artist in popular demand .
With an unmatched voice , and unparalleled vision , this behemoth of beauty is destined to be a classic in the field .
James Rheem Davis
As far as insipiration goes , the work of James Rheem Davis is that rare breed of designer that adeptly captures the very essence of beauty in the dark and macabre .
Flawlessly conveying the desired message with near nightmarish representations of a twisted take on the world around .
With morbid and melancholy tones to match the images , Davis ’ posters have a haunting effect on the viewer .
Last Click
Again , with Chris Shaw ’s amazing talents having inspired so many artists in the field , we felt the last click should go to him .
Resources
Jewish voters may be wary of Palin
ST .
PAUL , Minn . — Barack Obama has struggled for 18 months to lock down the support of a traditionally Democratic group , Jewish voters .
In the past week , John McCain may have helped Obama with his Jewish problem by choosing Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin as his running mate .
Advertisement
McCain and Obama are battling over a portion of the Jewish community : older , conservative Democrats , largely in South Florida , some of whom backed Hillary Clinton in the Democratic primary .
McCain ’s secular , hawkish credentials appeal to many in that group , who are skeptical of Obama ’s relatively short record and have been deluged with rumors about his pro-Palestinian leanings .
But Democrats hope Palin ’s social conservatism , her paper - thin record on Israel , and — perhaps most importantly — her cultural roots in evangelical Christianity may be a major turnoff to Jewish voters , just as Republicans have tried to reach women disappointed that Obama did n’t choose Hillary Clinton ,
Democrats have already begun to to capitalize on the choice of Palin — over Jewish Connecticut Sen. Joseph Lieberman — in South Florida and elsewhere .
A prominent Obama backer , Florida Rep. Robert Wexler , has attacked Palin for appearing at a 1999 event with Pat Buchanan — who has attacked the influence of the Israeli lobby in America .
And the same factors that are rallying the evangelical base to Palin may push away the Jews .
“ There is almost always an inverse proportion between a candidate 's popularity among conservative Christians and secular Jews , ” said Jeff Ballabon , a Republican lobbyist long active in Jewish politics who supports McCain .
An illustration of that gap came just two weeks ago , when Palin ’s church , the Wasilla Bible Church , gave its pulpit over to a figure viewed with deep hostility by many Jewish organizations : David Brickner , the executive director of Jews for Jesus .
Palin ’s pastor , Larry Kroon , introduced Brickner on Aug. 17 , according to a transcript of the sermon on the church ’s website .
“ He ’s a leader of Jews for Jesus , a ministry that is out on the leading edge in a pressing , demanding area of witnessing and evangelism , ” Kroon said .
Brickner then explained that Jesus and his disciples were themselves Jewish .
“ The Jewish community , in particular , has a difficult time understanding this reality , ” he said .
Brickner ’s mission has drawn wide criticism from the organized Jewish community , and the Anti-Defamation League accused them in a report of “ targeting Jews for conversion with subterfuge and deception . ”
Brickner also described terrorist attacks on Israelis as God 's " judgment of unbelief " of Jews who have n't embraced Christianity .
" Judgment is very real and we see it played out on the pages of the newspapers and on the television .
It 's very real .
When [ Brickner 's son ] was in Jerusalem he was there to witness some of that judgment , some of that conflict , when a Palestinian from East Jerusalem took a bulldozer and went plowing through a score of cars , killing numbers of people .
Judgment — you can't miss it . "
Palin was in church that day , Kroon said , though he cautioned against attributing Brickner ’s views to her .
The executive director of the National Jewish Democratic Council , Ira Forman , cited the “ cultural distance ” between Palin and almost all American Jews .
“ She ’s totally out of step with the American Jewish community , ” he said .
“ She is against reproductive freedom – even against abortion in the case of rape and incest .
She has said that climate change is not man-made .
She has said that she would favor teaching creationism in the schools .
These are all way , way , way outside the mainstream . ”
Huffington Post on Tuesday posted portions of Palin speaking at her former church , a politically conservative Assemblies of God congregation , in which she suggested that an Alaska pipeline plan reflects God ’s will .
A spokesman for McCain and Palin , Michael Goldfarb , dismissed the notion that Palin would bring a Jewish problem .
“ If this is going to be about who was at church on the day of which sermon , that ’s not going to be an argument that the Obama campaign is going to win , ” he said , a reference to Obama ’s controversial former pastor , Jeremiah Wright .
“ This woman has been on the national stage for all of four days – of course it ’s going to take some time for people to get a sense of what her views are on some things , ” Goldfarb said .
“ Once she ’s had a chance to make her positions clear on these issues , the Jewish community is going to be very , very comfortable with her . ”
In the meantime , however , there ’s simply little information available about Palin ’s views .
Two of Palin ’s prominent Alaska Jewish allies , Rabbi Joseph Greenberg and businessman Terry Gorlick , told Politico they consider her a friend of the Jews .
But they said they ’d never heard her discuss Middle East policy in detail and that she ’d never visited Israel , though they cited a boilerplate Alaska - Israel friendship resolution she signed .
Her thin record was underscored when the staunchly loyal Republican Jewish Coalition e-mailed its members evidence of her support for Israel : a video in which a small Israeli flag can be seen poking out from behind a drape .
" I think it speaks volumes that she keeps an Israeli flag on the wall of her office , " the group 's executive director , Matt Brooks , told Politico in an e-mail .
" It clearly shows what 's in her heart . ”
Obama ’s Jewish allies , meanwhile , are doing their best to fill that gap with unsettling information , an effort that in some ways mirrors the overt and covert campaigns against Obama in that community .
“ My constituents are bewildered by Senator McCain ’s pick and they just do n’t understand it , ” said Wexler , the Florida Democrat , citing the report that Palin had gone to a Buchanan event , and Buchanan ’s “ frightening views . ”
Also Tuesday , a new Jewish Democratic group , JewsVote.org , sent out an email under the heading “ Who is Sarah Palin ? ” an echo of conspiratorial anti-Obama emails that have criss - crossed the Jewish community .
“ Given her record as a hard - right Christian conservative , her embrace of Pat Buchanan , her praise of Ron Paul , and her lack of credentials on foreign affairs , it is likely that her selection would raise serious red flags about the McCain / Palin ticket among Jewish swing voters , ” they wrote , asking their members to send out their own anti-Palin emails .
McCain aide Goldfarb called the email “ unbelievably cynical — fighting smears with smears . ”
Gallup and other polls conducted over the summer showed Obama beating McCain by a roughly two - to - one margin among Jewish voters - a comfortable lead , but narrower than John Kerry 's and Al Gore 's wins among Jewish voters in the last two elections .
Tuesday , both sides scrambled to play on the changed turf of the Jewish vote .
Palin , shepherded by Lieberman , introduced herself to leaders of the pro-Israel lobby AIPAC in St. Paul on .
Tuesday .
" We had a good productive discussion on the importance of the U.S. - Israel relationship , and we were pleased that Gov. Palin expressed her deep , personal , and lifelong commitment to the safety and well - being of Israel , " AIPAC spokesman Josh Block said .
“ AIPAC is pleased that both parties have selected four pro-Israel candidates . ”
Obama 's running mate , Sen. Joe Biden ( D - Del. ) , meanwhile , campaigned through the Jewish heartland of South Florida , showing off his cultural familiarity , dropping Yiddish words into his talk to a crowd of hundreds at a retirement community .
" I want to remind those of you who do n't know me — and those of you who do know me — what my record has been .
It has been unstinting in the defense and support of Israel , " he said .
It was a contrast Wexler said he relished .
“ There ’s just no relationship , there ’s no comfort , there ’s no natural affinity with Palin , ” he said .
“ There is with Joe Biden . ”
With his retirement account devastated by the plunging stock market , Henry Vicenteno is feeling poor  poor enough to play the Grinch this holiday season .
Mr. Vicenteno , 31 , an aircraft mechanic in Cleveland , said his 9 - year - old son had asked for a copy of Skate , a skateboarding video game by Electronic Arts .
“ I told him I ’d buy it for him , but really I ’m just going to Blockbuster to rent it , ” Mr. Vicenteno said .
“ Before , I would have bought it , no problem .
But it ’s like $ 50 , and we ca n’t be spending that kind of money . ”
With consumers increasingly worried about a severe economic recession , Mr. Vicenteno is hardly the only person keeping his wallet shut .
A growing body of statistical and anecdotal evidence suggests that demand for televisions , computers , cameras and other electronics is falling sharply  portending extra discounts for customers in coming months but a very unhappy holiday season for retailers , electronics makers and component suppliers .
Condoleezza Rice and the insult to international diplomacy
In the equation which makes up the odious , criminal and murderous Bush regime and its murderous , criminal and odious foreign policy , the constant factor is constituted by a teacher , promoted to positions way above her personal and intellectual station by a gullible fool of a President .
This teacher , whose sheer incompetence as National Security Advisor and as Secretary of State is today so blatantly apparent , goes by the name of Condoleezza Rice .
Condoleezza Rice and the insult to international diplomacy
The fact that Rice was National Security Advisor at the time of 9/11 speaks for itself , period .
As Secretary of State , she is supposed to be responsible for her country ’s diplomacy , she is supposed to be Washington ’s leading diplomat .
But can anyone think of a figure less qualified for the post ?
Starting with the face ( set in a constant snarl , with a scar for a mouth , lips pursed back in a sneer , piggy eyes looking as though something evil is lunging behind them ) , continuing with the body language ( aggressive stance , butch , defensive posture as though she is hiding something or afraid ) and ending with the discourse ( about as diplomatic as a raspberry and a fit of giggling at a funeral ceremony ) , she cuts a sorry figure .
The constant arrogance and hypocrisy of this failed female makes it that much more apparent that here is a person way out of her depth .
Instead of regarding sensitive issues from a balanced viewpoint as she is supposed to do , this incompetent loud - mouthed , bad - mannered , bullshit - mongering bimbo takes one side , ignores the other and then speaks down from a holier - than - thou platform as if she were on a lecture dias .
This is not a classroom , Condoleezza Rice , and you are not a diplomat .
You are a liar , a cheap , shallow , failed , wannabe actress on the diplomatic stage .
This is the real world and out here , you have to be prepared to face up to your responsibilities .
For a start , you have failed to mention one single time the Georgian war crimes against 2.000 Russian civilians on the night of 7/8 August .
Why have you systematically refused to admit they happened ?
Why have you not mentioned the devastation of Tskhinvali by your allies ’ forces ?
Why do you continue to support the Saakashvili regime ?
You therefore support war crimes ?
You therefore support the Georgian devastation of civilian structures ?
You side with Saakashvili against the 2.000 civilians murdered ?
Do you wish they had killed more Ossetians that night ?
Do you think it is right to target civilian structures with military hardware ?
Why have you failed to refer to a single item of these odious crimes ?
Is it because you are a balanced diplomat ready to look at both sides and find a solution ?
Or is it because you are an incompetent frumpish hysterical female , wholly out of her depth , who instead of acting in a civilised manner as one would expect from someone in your position , instead gives lectures which are downright rude , pig- headedly arrogant and most unladylike ?
So instead of mouthing off about NATO and Russia , how about you shut the hell up , put a sock in it and go back to inflict yourself on your students ?
Rumour has it you were pretty much hated in academic circles as well , perhaps not as much as in the area of diplomacy , which your very presence insults .
You , personally , are the reason why Washington has been divorced from the international community ; you , personally are the reason why so many millions of people hate the idea of the United States and all it stands for ; you , personally , are responsible for driving a wedge of sullen hatred into the hearts and mind of the international community .
You have done more damage to your country , to its international standing , to the history and the noble precepts of your founding fathers than any other American in history .
And now you say you are not going to let Russia “ win ” in Georgia ?
Russia already has won !
Nobody believes the lies you have spun in the western press circles .
The readership of PRAVDA .
Ru has never been higher , in all its language versions , since we have hundreds of thousands of readers flocking to us daily , with comments against the nonsense and lies paraded as “ news ” by the likes of yourself .
In a nutshell , Georgia invaded South Ossetia and slaughtered 2.000 civilians in one night .
You cannot admit that because it would be admitting that Georgia ’s President Saakashvili is incompetent .
So the two of you stick together , hoping it will blow over if you keep repeating the same thing .
You have lost , Condoleezza Rice .
Your ally Saakashvili is responsible for thousands of murders and war crimes , your military advisors , training and equipment have been proven to be wholly inferior to the Russian Armed Forces and this , the nearest we ever got to direct conflict , has proven that your forces were utterly thrashed .
So if you want to bring it on , you will find Russia saddened but by no means afraid and perfectly ready .
As an alternative , get back behind a desk where you belong , you rude , insolent , bad - mannered , man-hating apology for a lady before you get your allies into trouble .
Timothy BANCROFT -HINCHEY
PRAVDA .
Ru
This story is an ironic case of covering a topic without even being aware you 've covered it .
On Tuesday , I wrote about Intel 's new quad - core , dual - core , and single - core processors , and covered the comparative market around these chips .
In the process , I talked about the Phenom X4 9950 BE as a $ 179.99 part , without even recognizing how big a drop that was from the chip 's initial launch price .
As I noted yesterday , the 140W Phenom 9950 ( 2.6GHz ) is down to $ 179.99 , down from its official price of $ 235 .
The quad - core 9150E ( 65W , 1.8GHz ) is $ 179.99 , as is the 125W X4 9750 ( 2.4GHz ) .
The 95W 9650 ( 2.3GHz ) is $ 175 , as is the 9550 ( 2.2GHz ) , and — get this — the 125W 9850 at 2.5GHz is $ 174 .
As for the company 's triple - core parts , the 95W Toliman 8750 ( 2.4GHz ) is just $ 139 , down from an April launch price of $ 195 and a current " official " price of $ 175 .
The 95 W 8650 ( 2.3GHz ) is now $ 119 , while the 8450 ( 2.1GHz , still 95W ) is just $ 102 .
The closest Athlon 64 X2 would be the original 6000 + ( 125W , 90nm , 3GHz ) at $ 109.99 , while a boxed Athlon 64 X2 at 2.9GHz and a 65W TDP is $ 87.99 .
This does n't directly change anything with regard to the Intel post from Tuesday , but the dramatic price cuts on Toliman merit their own comparison to what Intel 's got cooking in the Core 2 Duo family in the same price range .
At $ 139.99 there 's the E7300 ( 2.66GHz , 3MB L2 ) and the E7200 ( 2.53GHz , 3MB L2 ) at $ 119 .
The new E5200 ( which Newegg , at least , continues to refer to as a " Core 2 Duo " ) is $ 89.99 at 2.5GHz , 2MB of L2 , and an 800MHz FSB .
Toliman is downright attractive at its new price points if you have real use for that third core .
The 8750 will never be as fast as the E7300 in single - core or dual - threaded workloads , but should be significantly faster in any program capable of scaling above two processors .
This continues to be true for the 8650 vs. the E7200 , but I 'm not entirely sure about the Phenom X3 8450 at 2.1GHz versus the E5200 at 2.5GHz — Phenom is n't as efficient as Core 2 Duo to begin with , and a 19 percent clockspeed gap in the E5200 's favor would n't help in that regard .
I suspect that the X3 8450 would still eke out some multithreaded wins , but only in programs that scale well on a third core .
The 2.9GHz , 65 W 5600 + should compete reasonably well against the E5200 as well , though I 'd have to put the two chips
head - to - head to give a firm estimate .
The fact that AMD has managed to scale its 65 W Athlon 64 X2 chips up to 2.9GHz is a
mark in its favor , as is the fact that the Core 2 Duo its going up against is something of a weenie .
Overall , I 'd say AMD is
on much better competitive footing with Intel than it was six months ago , but we wo n't know how much of a positive impact
this has on sales until the company gives third - quarter results in October .
Overall , these price cuts leave AMD 's product line looking much more attractive , especially if you 've been eying a 780G or 790 GX board .
With Shanghai not shipping in consumer form until the first quarter of 2009 , this might not be a bad time to pick up a current board and an AMD chip — any board that can handle the power draw of a Phenom X4 should be more than capable of jumping to Deneb ( desktop Shanghai ) when that chip is available .
YouTube
September 1 , 2008
John McCain ’s on Ambien .
So much for being ready for that 3 a.m. call .
One humorous doctor said , " The key is to use Ambien - like sleeping medications in moderation and do n’t mix them with other sedative drugs or alcohol …
Most importantly , avoid use in the event you have to consider escalation from Defcon 4 to Defcon 3 . "
Ambien , America ’s best - selling prescription sleeping pill , is showing up with regularity as a factor in traffic arrests , sometimes involving drivers who later say they were sleep - driving and have no memory of taking the wheel after taking the drug .
In some state toxicology laboratories Ambien makes the top 10 list of drugs found in impaired drivers .
26.5 million Ambien scripts are written every year .
( As of 2007 ) .
Ambien ’s maker , Sanofi - Aventis , says the drug ’s record after 13 years of use in this country shows it is safe when taken as directed .
… A spokeswoman for the F.D.A. said the drug ’s current label warnings , which say it should not be used with alcohol and in some cases could cause sleepwalking or hallucinations , were adequate .
Ambien is the sleep aid that was at the center of a class action lawsuit after users noticed bizarre side effects , like getting up in the middle of the night and cooking huge meals , then leaving the burners at full blast and going back to bed .
I remember reading one man ’s account .
He said he heard sounds from the kitchen and found his wife tearing open a package of hamburger buns , " like a grizzly bear . "
Still , some sleep experts maintained that the rarity of these side effects , coupled with the wide use of the drug , make it unlikely that a problem would arise if the commander - in - chief were taking the pills .
" I suspect that drugs like Ambien are used very commonly by government officials , particularly when crossing time zones , " noted Dr. Donald W. Greenblatt , director of the Strong Sleep Disorders Center at the University of Rochester Medical Center .
John McCain is not a bad man , it is simply not proper for the guy with his finger on the button to be medicated .
9/11 Chronicles Part One : Truth Rising
Get the DVD and make copies or watch the high quality streaming and download version online at Prison Planet.tv .
Click here to read more about the film and view sample trailers .
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
But in a country where attitudes to sex are only beginning to relax , and where unmarried couples still receive disapproving looks for holding hands in public , there is mystery about who is behind the comic .
Mark Elrod , a political science professor at Harding University ( my Alma mater ) , has had a very popular weblog for several years where he , his colleagues , alumni , and other interested parties could discuss issues of the day .
Elrod has always been a Democrat , which puts him decidedly to the left of most of the Harding community .
No big deal , right ?
Academia is big enough to handle dissenting views , is n’t it ?
Well …
“ I ’ve come to the realization that I have over - estimated the capacity of both my academic ( Harding University ) and my religious ( Church of Christ ) community to deal with critical thinking or dissent in a public forum .
In the last few weeks , I ’ve grown tired with dealing with members of both communities who seem to view the world in black and white terms and think of all discussions as zero- sum games . ”
This from his post announcing why he is making his blog private .
Kind of makes a mockery of Harding ’s pretensions of academic excellence and freedom , right ?
Let ’s clarify that despite his controversial political and social views , Elrod is a believer .
Not once has he denied the existence of God , the divinity of Christ , or the authority of scripture .
He deserves to be treated like a brother .
Yet far too many of his readers , presumably Christians , have gone running like schoolyard sissies to the HU administration because big bad Elrod said something they did n’t like .
Boo - friggin’ - hoo .
I did n’t always agree with him ; but I enjoyed his Political Science class as an undergrad for the same reason I enjoyed his blog ; he made me think .
You know , like good teaching and writing is supposed to do ?
Sad stuff .
This is yet another reason why HU wo n’t ever get dime one from me .
Update
Elrod has posted a clarification of the matter on his blog .
I want to make it clear why I ’m making the switch from writing a public blog to a private blog .
I ’ve been fielding questions all day about this and I think it may be better to deal with it wholesale rather than retail .
For the record , I was not “ pressured ” by anybody to change my blog from “ public ” to “ private ” status .
I made this decision on my own as the result of the general frustration I have with members of our fellowship who want to make a spiritual judgment about me based on my political views .
One of those views is my public support for Barack Obama for president .
In the last few days , much of that angst has been directed toward my employer and , as a result , toward me as well .
Because of this , I have decided that I would much rather have a private conversation about things that are important to me rather than a public conversation that leads to additional complaints about me to the Harding University administration .
I suspect that this arrangement is going to be beneficial to all of the parties involved .
So he is sick of people gunning for him and questioning his convictions simply because he supports Obama for president .
Well , he is still within his rights .
I know from experience ( admittedly , on a much smaller scale ) that it can be very hurtful when people question your character , integrity , and very commitment to the faith just because you have an unpopular opinion on a peripheral matter .
Regardless ,
Elrod says the school did n’t bust his chops and my respect for him dictates that I take him at his word .
So be it .
I was wrong , at least on that point .
Look for me to eat a little crow in my next post .
A woman who watches and records events in Wasilla , Alaska , notes recent history :
Dear friends ,
So many people have asked me about what I know about Sarah Palin in the last 2 days that I decided to write something up . . .
Basically , Sarah Palin and Hillary Clinton have only 2 things in common : their gender and their good looks . :)
You have my permission to forward this to your friends / email contacts with my name and email address attached , but please do not post it on any websites , as there are too many kooks out there . . .
Thanks ,
[ An Alaskan ]
ABOUT SARAH PALIN
I am a resident of Wasilla , Alaska .
I have known Sarah since 1992 .
Everyone here knows Sarah , so it is nothing special to say we are on a first - name basis .
Our children have attended the same schools .
Her father was my child ’s favorite substitute teacher .
I also am on a first name basis with her parents and mother - in - law .
I attended more City Council meetings during her administration than about 99 % of the residents of the city .
She is enormously popular ; in every way she ’s like the most popular girl in middle school .
Even men who think she is a poor choice and wo n’t vote for her ca n’t quit smiling when talking about her because
she is a “ babe ” .
It is astonishing and almost scary how well she can keep a secret .
She kept her most recent pregnancy a secret from her children and parents for seven months .
She is “ pro-life ” .
She recently gave birth to a Down ’s syndrome baby .
There is no cover - up involved , here ; Trig is her baby .
She is energetic and hardworking .
She regularly worked out at the gym .
She is savvy .
She does n’t take positions ; she just “ puts things out there ” and if they prove to be popular , then she takes credit .
Her husband works a union job on the North Slope for BP and is a champion snowmobile racer .
Todd Palin ’s kind of job is highly sought - after because of the schedule and high pay .
He arranges his work schedule so he can fish for salmon in Bristol Bay for a month or so in summer , but by no stretch of the imagination is fishing their major source of income .
Nor has her life - style ever been anything like that of native Alaskans .
Sarah and her whole family are avid hunters .
She ’s smart .
Her experience is as mayor of a city with a population of about 5,000 ( at the time ) , and less than 2 years as governor of a state with about 670,000 residents .
During her mayoral administration most of the actual work of running this small city was turned over to an administrator .
She had been pushed to hire this administrator by party power - brokers after she had gotten herself into some trouble over precipitous firings which had given rise to a recall campaign .
Sarah campaigned in Wasilla as a “ fiscal conservative ” .
During her 6 years as Mayor , she increased general government expenditures by over 33 % .
During those same 6 years the amount of taxes collected by the City increased by 38 % .
This was during a period of low inflation ( 1996 - 2002 ) .
She reduced progressive property taxes and increased a regressive sales tax which taxed even food .
The tax cuts that she promoted benefited large corporate property owners way more than they benefited residents .
The huge increases in tax revenues during her mayoral administration were n’t enough to fund everything on her wish list though , borrowed money was needed , too .
She inherited a city with zero debt , but left it with indebtedness of over $ 22 million .
What did Mayor Palin encourage the voters to borrow money for ?
Was it the infrastructure that she said she supported ?
The sewage treatment plant that the city lacked ?
or a new library ?
No. $ 1 m for a park .
$ 15 m - plus for construction of a multi-use sports complex which she rushed through to build on a piece of property that the City did n’t even have clear title to , that was still in litigation 7 yrs later –to the delight of the lawyers involved !
The sports complex itself is a nice addition to the community but a huge money pit , not the profit - generator she claimed it would be .
She also supported bonds for $ 5.5 m for road projects that could have been done in 5 - 7 yrs without any borrowing .
While Mayor , City Hall was extensively remodeled and her office redecorated more than once .
These are small numbers , but Wasilla is a very small city .
As an oil producer , the high price of oil has created a budget surplus in Alaska .
Rather than invest this surplus in technology that will make us energy independent and increase efficiency , as Governor she proposed distribution of this surplus to every individual in the state .
In this time of record state revenues and budget surpluses , she recommended that the state borrow / bond for road projects , even while she proposed distribution of surplus state revenues : spend today ’s surplus , borrow for needs .
She ’s not very tolerant of divergent opinions or open to outside ideas or compromise .
As Mayor , she fought ideas that were n’t generated by her or her staff .
Ideas were n’t evaluated on their merits , but on the basis of who proposed them .
While Sarah was Mayor of Wasilla she tried to fire our highly respected City Librarian because the Librarian refused to consider removing from the library some books that Sarah wanted removed .
City residents rallied to the defense of the City Librarian and against Palin ’s attempt at out - and - out censorship , so Palin backed down and withdrew her termination letter .
People who fought her attempt to oust the Librarian are on her enemies list to this day .
Sarah complained about the “ old boy ’s club ” when she first ran for Mayor , so what did she bring Wasilla ?
A new set of “ old boys ” .
Palin fired most of the experienced staff she inherited .
At the City and as Governor she hired or elevated new , inexperienced , obscure people , creating a staff totally dependent on her for their jobs and eternally grateful and fiercely loyal–loyal to the point of abusing their power to further her personal agenda , as she has acknowledged happened in the case of pressuring the State ’s top cop ( see below ) .
As Mayor , Sarah fired Wasilla ’s Police Chief because he “ intimidated ” her , she told the press .
As Governor , her recent firing of Alaska ’s top cop has the ring of familiarity about it .
He served at her pleasure and she had every legal right to fire him , but it ’s pretty clear that an important factor in her decision to fire him was because he would n’t fire her sister ’s ex-husband , a State Trooper .
Under investigation for abuse of power , she has had to admit that more than 2 dozen contacts were made between her staff and family to the person that she later fired , pressuring him to fire her ex-brother - in - law .
She tried to replace the man she fired with a man who she knew had been reprimanded for sexual harassment ; when this caused a public furor , she withdrew her support .
She has bitten the hand of every person who extended theirs to her in help .
The City Council person who personally escorted her around town introducing her to voters when she first ran for Wasilla City Council became one of her first targets when she was later elected Mayor .
She abruptly fired her loyal City Administrator ; even people who did n’t like the guy were stunned by this ruthlessness .
Fear of retribution has kept all of these people from saying anything publicly about her .
When then - Governor Murkowski was handing out political plums , Sarah got the best , Chair of the Alaska Oil and Gas Conservation Commission : one of the few jobs not in Juneau and one of the best paid .
She had no background in oil & gas issues .
Within months of scoring this great job which paid $ 122,400 / yr , she was complaining in the press about the high salary .
I was told that she hated that job : the commute , the structured hours , the work .
Sarah became aware that a member of this Commission ( who was also the State Chair of the Republican Party ) engaged in unethical behavior on the job .
In a gutsy move which some undoubtedly cautioned her could be political suicide , Sarah solved all her problems in one fell swoop : got out of the job she hated and garnered gobs of media attention as the patron saint of ethics and as a gutsy fighter against the “ old boys ’ club ” when she dramatically quit , exposing this man ’s ethics violations ( for which he was fined ) .
As Mayor , she had her hand stuck out as far as anyone for pork from Senator Ted Stevens .
Lately , she has castigated his pork - barrel politics and publicly humiliated him .
She only opposed the “ bridge to nowhere ” after it became clear that it would be unwise not to .
As Governor , she gave the Legislature no direction and budget guidelines , then made a big grandstand display of line - item vetoing projects , calling them pork .
Public outcry and further legislative action restored most of these projects –which had been vetoed simply because she was not aware of their importance–but with the unobservant she had gained a reputation as “ anti-pork ” .
She is solidly Republican : no political maverick .
The State party leaders hate her because she has bit them in the back and humiliated them .
Other members of the party object to her self - description as a fiscal conservative .
Around Wasilla there are people who went to high school with Sarah .
They call her “ Sarah Barracuda ” because of her unbridled ambition and predatory ruthlessness .
Before she became so powerful , very ugly stories circulated around town about shenanigans she pulled to be made point guard on the high school basketball team .
When Sarah ’s mother - in - law , a highly respected member of the community and experienced manager , ran for Mayor , Sarah refused to endorse her .
As Governor , she stepped outside of the box and put together of package of legislation known as “ AGIA ” that forced the oil companies to march to the beat of her drum .
Like most Alaskans , she favors drilling in the Arctic National Wildlife Refuge .
She has questioned if the loss of sea ice is linked to global warming .
She campaigned “ as a private citizen ” against a state initiaitive that would have either a ) protected salmon streams from pollution from mines , or b ) tied up in the courts all mining in thestate ( depending on who you listen to ) .
She has pushed the State ’s lawsuit against the Dept. of the Interior ’s decision to list polar bears as threatened species .
McCain is the oldest person to ever run for President ; Sarah will be a heartbeat away from being President .
There has to be literally millions of Americans who are more knowledgeable and experienced than she .
However , there ’s a lot of people who have underestimated her and are regretting it .
CLAIM VS FACT
• “ Hockey mom ” : true for a few years
• “ PTA mom ” : true years ago when her first - born was in elementary school , not since
• “ NRA supporter ” : absolutely true
•social conservative : mixed .
Opposes gay marriage , BUT vetoed a bill that would have denied benefits to employees in same - sex relationships ( said she did this because it was unconstitutional ) .
•pro-creationism : mixed .
Supports it , BUT did nothing as Governor to promote it .
• “ Pro-life ” : mixed .
Knowingly gave birth to a Down ’s syndrome baby BUT declined to call a special legislative session on some pro-life legislation
•“ Experienced ” : Some high schools have more students than Wasilla has residents .
Many cities have more residents than the state of Alaska .
No legislative experience other than City Council .
Little hands - on supervisory or managerial experience ; needed help of a city administrator to run town of about 5,000 .
•political maverick : not at all
•gutsy : absolutely !
•open & transparent : ???
Good at keeping secrets .
Not good at explaining actions .
•has a developed philosophy of public policy : no
• ” a Greenie ” : no .
Turned Wasilla into a wasteland of big box stores and disconnected parking lots .
Is pro-drilling off - shore and in ANWR .
•fiscal conservative : not by my definition !
•pro-infrastructure : No. Promoted a sports complex and park in a city without a sewage treatment plant or storm drainage system .
Built streets to early 20th century standards .
•pro-tax relief : Lowered taxes for businesses , increased tax burden on residents
• pro-small government : No . Oversaw greatest expansion of city government in Wasilla ’s history .
•pro-labor / pro-union .
No .
Just because her husband works union does n’t make her pro-labor .
I have seen nothing to support any claim that she is pro-labor / pro-union .
WHY AM I WRITING THIS ?
First , I have long believed in the importance of being an informed voter .
I am a voter registrar .
For 10 years I put on student voting programs in the schools .
If you google my name ( [ name deleted ] + Alaska ) , you will find references to my participation in local government , education , and PTA / parent organizations .
Secondly , I ’ve always operated in the belief that “ Bad things happen when good people stay silent ” .
Few people know as much as I do because few have gone to as many City Council meetings .
Third , I am just a housewife .
I do n’t have a job she can bump me out of .
I do n’t belong to any organization that she can hurt .
But , I am no fool ; she is immensely popular here , and it is likely that this will cost me somehow in the future : that ’s life .
Fourth , she has hated me since back in 1996 , when I was one of the 100 or so people who rallied to support the City Librarian against Sarah ’s attempt at censorship .
Fifth , I looked around and realized that everybody else was afraid to say anything because they were somehow vulnerable .
CAVEATS
I am not a statistician .
I developed the numbers for the increase in spending & taxation 2 years ago ( when Palin was running for Governor ) from information supplied to me by the Finance Director of the City of Wasilla , and I ca n’t recall exactly what I adjusted for : did I adjust for inflation ? for population increases ?
Right now , it is impossible for a private person to get any info out of City Hall–they are swamped .
So I ca n’t verify my numbers .
You may have noticed that there are various numbers circulating for the population of Wasilla , ranging from my “ about 5,000 ” , up to 9,000 .
The day Palin ’s selection was announced a city official told me that the current population is about 7,000 .
The official 2000 census count was
5,460 .
I have used about 5,000 because Palin was Mayor from 1996 to 2002 , and the city was growing rapidly in the mid-90’s .
[ Name withheld from this forum at writer ’s request ]
[e - mail address masked by MFB ]
August 31 , 2008
