by Michael Arrington on April 3 , 2009 .
Source : Techcrunch Facebook is testing a new virtual gifts product that allows users to give “ credits ” to other users .
The idea is that you can give other users these credits in addition to or in lieu of commenting or liking a message or status .
So if for example I say “ out walking the dog , ” other people can throw some credits my way .
VentureBeat has an exclusive overview
Here ’s why Facebook likes the product - you pay for the credits with cash , to the tune of $ 1 per 100 credits .
That ’s enough incentive for them to test this out , despite the fact that anyone who looks at it for more than a moment will realize it ’s doomed to fail .
There ’s no real world parallel to this gift , like Facebook ’s existing ( and reportedly underperforming ) virtual gifts product that lets you give someone an image of a cupcake or whatever on their birthday .
My strong guess is very few people will use this , I ca n’t imagine someone saying “ nice status update , here ’s some fake money . ”
But it ’s another weapon that the giant will use to try to eke out a profit during these tough financial times .
And it ’s far better than having to return to the capital markets to raise money at what ’s likely to be an embarrassing large discount from that ridiculous $ 15 billion valuation that Microsoft gave them in 2007 .
Maybe if enough users buy credits that can never be redeemed back for cash they can stretch their runway a little farther .
It ’s been a rough week for the fast growing network .
They fired Gideon
Yu , their third CFO in less than two years , on Tuesday .
Facebook ’s PR group flat out lied to the world about it , telling everyone who ’d listen that the reason was they wanted to go public and they needed a CFO with public company experience .
In rushing to get the message out they failed to note that Yu already had public company experience , at both Yahoo and Google , and is one of the more respected CFO ’s in Silicon Valley .
All Facebook succeeded in doing was to cement their reputation as an organization that will say anything they like , damn the truth , even going so far as to unfairly trash their own employees .
Not much backbone there , and it ’s no surprise that they can’t hold on to executives .
Any future candidate worth their salt would do well to think twice before joining .
[ Haskell ] Haskell Platform : status update and call for volunteers
All ,
We 'd like to give you an update on the status of the Haskell Platform .
Background ----------
For background on what the Haskell Platform is about see these slides : http://blog.well-typed.com/wp-content/uploads/2008/11/haskell-platform.pdf
The wiki page also gives an overview and links to further resources : http://www.haskell.org/haskellwiki/Haskell_Platform
Current status
--------------
There are no more policy questions to resolve for the first release .
It is a matter of getting things done .
The first platform release will contain : * ghc - 6.10.2 * the " extra libs " ( exact list on the issue tracker wiki below ) * haddock , happy and alex * the cabal command line tool and it 's dependencies .
The plan calls for binary installers for Windows and OSX , a generic source tarball for Unix , and native packages for distros .
Currently however things are stalled because Don and I have been too busy to put serious time into the task of building installers .
It is not fair for our time problems to hold everything up .
Call for volunteers
-------------------
We are calling for volunteers for an action group .
We need volunteers to take charge of various platforms and to manage the overall release .
We would like to release a beta at the upcoming Haskell Hackathon in Utrecht ( April 17 - 19 ) .
However this will * only * happen if people volunteer to help build distributions for different platforms .
In particular we need : * Release manager / coordinator * Website with downloads and release notes * Someone in charge of each platform : * Windows installer * OSX installer * Generic
Unix source tarball * Distribution packages : debian , fedora , gentoo , arch , BSD * etc
Don and I will be able to help coordinate things and point people in the direction of tasks that need doing .
The person in charge of each platform is responsible for building appropriate native packages / installer and coordinating the effort to test that the stuff installs ok and works .
If no one volunteers , we simply wo n't have an Haskell Platform release for that platform .
Resources : * Meta-package : darcs get http://code.haskell.org/haskell-platform
* Issue tracker : http://trac.haskell.org/haskell-platform/
* Mailing list : http://projects.haskell.org/cgi-bin/mailman/listinfo/haskell-platform
Please join the mailing list and volunteer !
In the medium term we want to organise things with two overlapping groups .
A " doers " group and a " talkers " group .
The " doers " group deals with actually building installers and packages and making releases .
The " talkers " group is for making decisions ( in consultation with the community in general ) about which packages go into the platform and what standards to demand of them .
We are looking for volunteers for the action group now .
As we mentioned , for the first release there is nothing for the talkers to do , though there will be plenty to do for the second major release .
Duncan and Don
WASHINGTON ( MarketWatch ) --
The chairman of the Federal Reserve said in a rare interview televised Sunday that the U.S. recession will come to an end " probably this year , " but he also warned that the nation 's 8.1 % unemployment rate will continue to rise .
Appearing on the CBS network 's " 60 Minutes , " Fed Chairman Ben Bernanke told correspondent Scott Pelley that concerted efforts by the government likely averted a depression similar to the 1930s .
He also said the nation 's largest banks are solvent and that he does n't expect any of them to fail .
At the same time , Bernanke expressed concern the U.S. might lack the political will to take further measures to shore up the financial system .
Although he said he believes the largest banks are solvent and that " they are not going to fail , " Bernanke said a full recovery wo n't take place until the system is stabilized .
" The lesson of history is that you do not get a sustained economic recovery as long as the financial system is in crisis , " he said .
Bernanke noted that banks are unable to raise cash from private investors as is normally the case because of fears about their solvency .
The 15 - month recession , which began in December 2007 , is set to become the longest in the post - World War II era .
The downturn took a sharp turn for the worst last September after the collapse of the Wall Street brokerage Lehman Brothers .
" Lehman proved that you cannot let a large internationally active firm fail in the middle of a financial crisis , " Bernanke said .
The same error was made 80 years ago when the U.S. government let thousands of banks fail , contributing to the Great Depression , said Bernanke , a former economics professor who 's extensively studied the 1930s .
Another big mistake the Fed made back then was to let the supply of money contract , he said .
Since the crisis exploded last fall , Bernanke has sought to avoid both mistakes .
The Fed and Treasury have committed hundreds of billons to the bailouts of banks , insurers , mortgage lenders and other entities .
While Bernanke said he understood the public 's outrage at the cost , he said they were necessary to prevent a more severe contraction and steeper job losses .
Bernanke also pointed out the bailout aid does n't come directly from taxpayers and is " more akin to printing money than it is borrowing . "
He said the Fed can adopt that approach because the economy is very weak and inflation is low .
Once the economy begins to recover , Bernanke said , the Fed will have to raise interest rates and reduce the supply of money to " make sure we have a recovery that does not involve inflation . "
The Fed chairman said the recovery wo n't begin until early 2010 and will take time to gather steam .
He reiterated his call for an overhaul of the nation 's financial regulations -- the first in decades -- to prevent similar financial conflagrations .
Bernanke is the first sitting Fed chairman to conduct a television interview in 20 years .
A series of letters discussing whether communist - anarchism is a form of anarchism ( it is ! ) and how private property , not communism , violates liberty .
Also discusses the question of people who decide not to become communists in a free society .
Letters on Property and Anarchist Communism
My half of an exchange of letters in Freedom from 1999 discussing whether communist - anarchism can be a form of anarchism and how its ideas relate to those of Proudhon’s .
They show the continuity of communist - anarchists ideas with those of Proudhon ’s , indicating the voluntary nature of communist - anarchism and why consistent anarchists need to be against private property .
As they cover common fallacies about communist - anarchism , property and Proudhon , I hope they will be of a wider interest .
I should note that , sadly , Richard Garner subsequently rejected individualist anarchism and became a right - wing “ libertarian ” ( of the “ anarcho ” - capitalist type ) .
First letter on Property and Anarchist Communism
Dear Freedom
Richard Garner ( in letters , Freedom vol.60 , no .
4 ) argues that Kropotkin shows a contradiction , that his communism cancels out his anarchism .
Kropotkin is quoted as saying that " Who , then , can appropriate for himself the tiniest plot of ground in such a city , without committing a flagrant injustice ? " [ Conquest of Bread , p. 90 ] and so Mr. Garner states that this means that Kropotkin would be against land " occupied for personal use . "
He goes further and quotes John Henry MacKay to show that this proves that , for communist - anarchists , " society has the right to control the individual . "
However , nothing could be further from the truth .
Mackay 's argument does not " trap " the communist - anarchist because it does not accurately portray their position ( just as Mr. Garner 's comments do not portray Kropotkin 's arguments correctly either ) .
Communist - anarchism is voluntary communism , communism from free choice .
Mr Garner states that " it is up to workers to decide to dispose of [ their ] product , and to control production " and this is true .
Communist - anarchism is about convincing working people that their interests would be best served by sharing that product freely with the rest of communist society .
It is not about forcing people to become communists , rather it is about convincing them of the validity of communist - anarchism .
That is the point of the Conquest of Bread , to show that communism is the best means of maximising individual liberty and production .
It is for this reason that communism is based on workers ' control while rejecting the free market .
The communist - anarchist commune is a voluntary association , in other words .
Now , if we look at page 90 of the Conquest of Bread we discover that the above quoted comment by Kropotkin is from a discussion on the " abolition of rent " and the need for " free dwellings " ( i.e. the end of landlordism ) .
A few pages later Kropotkin considers the case of " some poor fellow " who " has contrived to buy a house just large enough to hold his family . "
He states that " by all means let him stay there " and goes on to say that communist - anarchists would " lend him a helping hand if need be . " [ pages 95 - 6 ]
Thus Kropotkin accepts that land could and would be occupied for personal use , in direct contradiction to Mr. Garner 's claims .
Is there a contradiction in Kropotkin 's thoughts ?
No more than in Proudhon 's when he argued that Property was theft ( and despotism ) as well as liberty .
Indeed , in What is Property ?
Proudhon argues that " The land cannot be appropriated " ( the title of Chapter III , part 1 ) which is also , as noted by Mr. Garner , Kropotkin 's position .
The apparent contradiction that MacKay and Garner point to is simply a failure to take into account anarchist theory on their part .
Thus Kropotkin accepted that some people would not desire to join a communist - anarchist commune and so their use of land and other resources for their personal needs would be respected .
Kropotkin bases himself on the difference between property rights and use rights , between property and possession .
The former is theft and despotism ( as it means ensures the many work for the few ) while the later is freedom ( as the owner and the users are one in the same ) .
By appropriation Kropotkin ( and Proudhon ) meant not the use of land but the turning of land in private property , the ability to exclude others from land you are not personally using .
The apparent contradiction thus disappears .
Kropotkin's argument is based upon this difference .
He recognised , along with Proudhon , that use rights replace property rights in an anarchist society .
In other words , individuals can exchange their labour as they see fit and occupy land for their own use .
This in no way contradicts the abolition of private property , because occupancy and use is directly opposed to private property ( in the capitalist sense ) .
Therefore , in a free communist society individuals who reject communism can use whatever land and other resources as they wish ( and can use personally ) , exchange with others , and so on because they are not part of that society .
That is why it is called " free communism " and why Kropotkin contrasted it to authoritarian or state communism .
Now , the claim that " workers ' control necessitates free enterprise " has been somewhat violated under capitalism ( which is not a " free market " in the sense desired by Individualist Anarchists like Tucker but is a market of sorts ) .
Under the current system , private property has violated workers ' control totally .
Workers ' sell their liberty to others in return for access to the means of life ( which have been turned into private property ) .
Mr Garner does not address or even acknowledge the fact that private property has lead to the owners of such property gaining control over the individual and so denying them liberty during working hours ( and beyond ) .
It is because of this that Proudhon , Kropotkin and others rejected the claim that " anybody who holds workers ' control and liberty as moral ideals must recognise private property and the free market as a means of furthering these ideals . "
Proudhon was well aware that the free market did not , in fact , defend workers ' control .
He argued for agro- industrial federations to protect workers ' control via mutual aid and solidarity ( see his The Federal Principle ) .
These seem to be the " regulating societies " which he argues would " regulate the market " in a mutualist society .
[ Selected Writings , p. 70 ]
Why would these be necessary ?
Simply because in competition there are winners and losers .
The losers in a system based on private property do not have access to the land and other means of life and so have to sell their labour to those who do .
By selling their labour they automatically sell their liberty , the control over their body and mind , to another ( " property is despotism , " in Proudhon 's words ) .
Thus private property results in the boss having the right to control the worker .
It was for this reason Proudhon attacked property in the name of possession and urged the regulation of the market by agro-industrial federations .
Rather than communism cancelling out anarchism , it is private property that cancels out anarchism .
Which is why anarchists have rejected that particular social institution .
Iain McKay
Second Letter on Property and Anarchist Communism
Dear Freedom
Richard Garner ( letters , 3rd April , 1999 ) states that Kropotkin contradicts himself when he ( Kropotkin ) argued that " Who , then , can appropriate for himself the tiniest plot of ground in such a city , without committing a flagrant injustice ? " while allowing individuals to hold land for personal use .
He asks me what I " believe ' for himself ' means , if not personal use ? " and asks me ( and Kropotkin ) to " make up your mind . "
However , in my letter I did explain what I thought Kropotkin meant by " for himself " -- that from the context Kropotkin was discussing landlordism and not land for personal use .
This can be seen from page 90 and from the comments I quote from pages 95 - 6 .
Kropotkin on page 90 is discussing the abolition of landlordism and on pages 95 - 6 Kropotkin is discussing those who have a house suitable for their own needs .
There is no contradiction , other than that generated by quoting out of context .
It is interesting to note that Mr. Garner does not address the fact I pointed out that Proudhon also argued that " Land cannot be appropriated " ( Chapter 3 , part 1 of What is Property ? ) .
Proudhon , it is well known , supported the use of land ( and other resources ) for personal use .
How , then , can he argue that the " land cannot be appropriated " ?
Is Proudhon subject to the same contradiction as Kropotkin ?
Of course not .
As I explained in my initial reply , we must take into account the difference between private property and possession , appropriation and use .
The former leads to usury and domination while the later promotes liberty .
That Mr. Garner ignores my basic argument ( and a large chunk of my letter ) suggests an unwillingness on his part to address it and the implications it has for his own arguments .
On a related matter , Mr. Garner suggests that the " second logical failing " of anarchist - communists is that we have " still asserted that we do n't have a right to own private property " while " voluntary " ( why the quotation marks ?
Perhaps Mr. Garner does not believe us ? ) communism " implies that people have the right to choose not to own property privately . "
This , he claims , " necessarily implies the right to own property , which is the same as a right to privately own property . "
All I can say is that Mr. Garner seems intent in ignoring the bulk of my letter in order to create a straw man .
I argued in my letter that there was a difference between private property and possession .
The former is a means to exclude people from resources you own but do not use ( landlordism , for example , is based on this ) .
This basic point was explained by Proudhon in 1840 .
I would have imagined that an anarchist would be familiar with this basic libertarian position and analysis .
Kropotkin was aware of it .
In The Conquest of Bread he mentions " the form of possession of the instruments of labour " and of economists ' " thesis in favour of private property against all other forms of possession . " [ pages 145-6 ]
Which , to state the obvious , means that there are many different ways to possess an item , private property being but one .
The aim of anarchist - communism is , to quote another of Kropotkin 's work , to place " the product reaped or manufactured at the disposal of all , leaving to each the liberty to consume them as he pleases in his own home . "
[ The Place of Anarchism in the Evolution of Socialist Thought , page 7 ]
In other words , to give individuals possession of the goods they need ( in their own home ! ) and for them to use them to maximise their pleasure .
This , of course , implies individual possession of the products a person decides to consume ( including homes ) .
However , this does not imply property in the capitalist sense .
And , of course , this basic principle applies to those who do not desire to join the communist - anarchist commune .
They would have the same rights to possess the resources they need to live ( i.e. to produce the consumption goods they need ) .
This does not imply the " right to own property privately " as it currently means .
It implies the same rights of possession ( " use- rights " ) as those who live in the communist - anarchist commune but extended to include any resources ( such as land ) used by the individual .
Mr. Garner seems to want to call two different things the same name .
He desires to call the use - rights based possession of anarchism the same name as the property - rights of capitalism .
This just produces confusion .
For example , the right - wing icons ( and decidedly non-anarchist ) Murray Rothbard , Frederick von Hayek and Mrs Thatcher all supported " property " and " private property . "
Does this mean that Mr. Garner ( and anarchists like Tucker ) mean the same thing when he talks about " private property " ?
I doubt it .
As John Stuart Mill pointed out over a hundred years ago , the " powers of exclusive use and control are very various , and differ greatly in different countries and in different states of society . "
To use the term " property " to describe many different social customs is simply silly ( and produces silly comments , such as the Tory MPs -- in Saturn 's Children -- who argued that " primitive communism " did not exist as tribal people " own " their own clothes and weapons !
Talk about missing the point ) .
It also seems to ensure that communist - anarchism is subjected to straw men arguments .
Mr Garner states that " housing co-operatives own houses as corporate property . "
The same can be said for the communist - anarchist commune .
The members of the commune possess the resources of the commune in common ( and consume many of its products individually just as the housing co-op members control their own home ) .
Those who do not wish to pool their resources are free to live outside ( as happened in the collectives in Spain , for example ) .
However , they have no means to appropriate land and resources and just possess what they actually use .
For individuals to appropriate resources implies that they are physically stopping people from using any excess they own , or hiring people to do so , and only allowing others access when they agree to submit to the property owners ' authority -- both of which are the germs of the state .
Thus , I would suggest , that Mr. Garner seems intent in attacking straw men .
Kropotkin does not ( nor communist - anarchists in general ) show a contradiction in his argument as communist - anarchism does not mean the end of individual possession ( how could it ?
Individuals would obviously possess their clothes , for example , the food they take from communal stores and so on ) .
What it does mean is the socialisation of the resources of those who wish to live in a communist society , while leaving those who do not the necessary resources to live ( " the point attained in the socialisation of wealth will not be everywhere the same " -- The Conquest of Bread , page 81 ) .
It is , as I argued in my initial letter , the end of private property in the means of life ( i.e. the ability to exclude others from resources you are not currently using ) and their transformation into a combination of communal and individual possession ( as would be implied by the term " free communism " ) .
If Mr. Garner desires to use the term " private property " to describe all forms of possession , then he is free to do so .
However to do so cannot help to bred confusion and helps to ignore an important difference between two essentially different concepts .
One concept is capitalist , and so generates exploitation ( " property is theft " ) and domination ( " property is despotism " ) and which no anarchist can support and remain an anarchist .
The other is libertarian , the idea of individual possession in Proudhon 's sense of the term , and one which communist - anarchism is based on .
As I tried to make clear in my last letter .
Sadly Mr. Garner decided to ignore that aspect of my argument .
Iain Mckay
Third Letter on Property and Anarchist Communism
Dear Freedom
Richard Garner claims ( in Letters , 29/5/99 ) that while I invoke the name of Proudhon , in fact " Proudhon and McKay are in disagreement , which means that his whole argument is without premise . "
Why is this ?
Because , after a lengthy quote from Proudhon , Mr. Garner asserts that " Proudhon did n't want to abolish property but to unify it with possession . "
Now Mr. Garner quotes page 36 of Proudhon 's What is Property ?
in order to make his claim .
Looking at said page we discover Proudhon stating quite clearly that " instead of inferring from this that property should be shared by all , I demand , as a measure of general security , its entire abolition . "
Now Mr. Garner obviously read this page to extract his quote .
The question now becomes how does he manage to assert that Proudhon did not aim to abolish property when Proudhon states the exact opposite ?
So , rather than me and Proudhon disagreeing , it seems clear that Mr. Garner and Proudhon are at odds .
Mr. Garner states Proudhon did not seek to abolish property .
Proudhon , in contrast , states that he does .
I wonder who is the more accurate authority with regards to Proudhon 's ideas , Proudhon or Mr. Garner ?
In other words , the " assumption " that I am " arguing the same point as Proudhon did in 1840 " is a valid one and so my argument remains ignored by Mr. Garner .
Mr. Garner states that , for Proudhon , " all workers have a claim to become proprietors . "
He also states that " Proudhon 's ideal is obviously not to replace property with possession but to unify property with possession . "
This is not Proudhon 's position : " Every occupant is , then , necessarily a possessor or usufructuary , a condition that excludes proprietorship . " [ page 66 ]
It is very clear from Proudhon 's work that Mr. Garner is misrepresenting his ideas , just as he misrepresented Kropotkin before Proudhon .
However , even assuming that Mr. Garner is correct , I am confused by his comments .
I argued that under anarchism private property is replaced by possession .
Mr. Garner states that instead it " unifies " property and possession .
Personally , I can not see that much difference .
If we have a " occupancy and use " regime then , obviously , the occupier controls what happens on the resources she uses .
As she just has enough resources to work alone , she cannot hire ( and so govern and exploit ) wage labourers .
Nor can she exclude others from resources she claims to own but does not use .
Mr. Garner 's point , assuming he has one , is to make the splitting of hairs easier .
As he himself states , in a society " where only possession existed , who would be the proprietor , for one implies the other ? "
Mr. Garner states that he feels communist - anarchists believe that individuals " do n't have the right to choose to exclude people from the resources those people need . "
I assume he means that possessors have a right to their possessions rather than the property owners right to exclude others from resources they claim to own but do not use .
He feels that I have not answered this point .
I must admit to feeling perplexed by Mr. Garner 's words .
In my both previous letters I argued that communist - anarchists respected the rights of individuals who did not want to join the communist commune .
I quoted Kropotkin to that effect ( Conquest of Bread pages 95 - 6 and page 81 ) .
I also pointed out that in the chapter on Expropriation , Kropotkin argued that it would limited to property which was used to exploit others labour .
I am surprised that Mr. Garner claims I have not answered this point !
Anyway , here is Kropotkin again .
In Act for Yourself Kropotkin explicitly states that a peasant " who is in possession of just the amount of land he can cultivate " would not be expropriated in an anarchist revolution .
Similarly for the family " inhabiting a house which affords them just enough space . . . considered necessary for that number of people " and the artisan " working with their own tools or handloom . " [ pages 104 - 5 ] .
Perhaps Mr. Garner , after my repeating these comments yet again , will now acknowledge I have answered this point .
While Mr. Garner may " feel that communists start with the premise that individuals .
. . do n't have the right to decide by themselves , to the exclusion of the rest of society , how resources should be allocated , " communist - anarchists do not .
As noted , if an individual did not want to join the communist commune then they did not have too .
Mr Garner states that if the commune owns the factory then this is identical to the capitalist owning it .
If the possessors of the factories ( the workers ) desire to pool their resources and own them ( and what they produce ) as a commune , then this " identical to capitalism " ?
Presumably if I and my partner decide to live together and share the produce of our labour freely between us , then we ( together ) act as capitalists in relation to ourselves as individuals ?
This shows the flaw in Mr. Garner argument .
Given that we are talking about anarchist , and so voluntary , communism Mr Garner has just created and destroyed a straw man of his own creation .
As I made clear in my previous letter .
Ironically enough , Proudhon starts from the " premise " Mr. Garner assigns to us communists .
According to Proudhon , the " right of the usufructuary is such that he is responsible for the thing entrusted to him ; he must use it in conformity with general utility . . . the usufructuary is under the supervision of society and subject to the condition of labour and the law of equality . " [ page 66 ]
This is because Proudhon believed that " property in produce , even if this is allowed , does not mean property in the means of production .
. . [ workers ] are , if you like , proprietors of their products , but none proprietor of the means of production .
The right to the produce is exclusively jus in re ; the right to the means is common , jus ad rem . " [ page 86 ]
And let us not forget that Proudhon , like Kropotkin , argued that " land cannot be appropriated " ( chapter 3 , part I ) -- a fact Mr. Garner has consistently avoided mentioning , never mind answering , all the through this argument .
There is a reason for Proudhon 's position , as will become clear .
Moving on , Mr. Garner states that I should consult the right - libertarian Bryan Caplan 's webpage on the Spanish Anarchists .
I would suggest he consult my reply to Caplan 's incredibly distorted account of the Spanish Revolution and the Spanish Anarchists ( available at http://flag.blackened.net/liberty/spainrebut.html).
Essentially Caplan repeats the Stalinist lies that the CNT forced peasants into the collectives in Aragon .
My reply refutes his claims , as anarchists before me refuted the Stalinists .
However , Caplan 's webpage does mention something relevant to this discussion .
Caplan is an " anarcho - capitalist " ( i.e. an extreme laissez - faire capitalist who claims , incorrectly , to be an anarchist ) .
In his essay he argues , like Mr. Garner , that workers ' control implies the market ( he calls it capitalism ) .
He also argues that in the market some win and some lose , the losers becoming unemployed .
These unemployed workers , Caplan argues , then could sell their labour to the successful worker controlled factories .
Of course , this re-introduces wage labour and so ends workers ' control .
Thus the market , instead of being the condition for workers ' control , effectively ends it .
Capitalism ( wage slavery ) replaces anarchism ( liberty ) .
Caplan considers this an inevitable result of private property .
After all , according to Caplan , property owners have the right to " exclude " others from their resources .
This means that the owners can allow access to the resource to others as long as these others agree to the conditions the owners put down before hand ( such as " allow me to govern you and take the product of your labour in return for a wage " ) .
Mr. Garner , in contrast to Caplan , states his vision is a market based socialism .
Caplan states that he is a capitalist and , therefore , supports private property , inequality in resources ( as generated by market exchanges ) , hierarchy in the workplace and bosses ' control .
Needless to say , Caplan 's position excludes him from anarchism ( although he tries to claim he is one ) .
I would suggest that Caplan 's position is more correct -- a free market economy will degenerate into capitalism , end workers ' control and ownership and so freedom ( as Proudhon was aware and so he argued for agro- industrial federations and regulation of the market to protect mutualism ) .
That is one of the reasons why most anarchists are communists .
Another reason is the fact that , to quote Proudhon , " property is despotism " -- namely the fact that property owners govern those who use that property .
Obviously in a regime of possession this is not a problem .
This is not the case under property .
Hence Kropotkin's support for individuals to possess resources if they did not want to join the communist commune .
Rather than being the contradiction Mr. Garner claims it is , Kropotkin 's position is consistent with anarchist theory -- as I argued in all my previous letters .
Unfortunately Mr Garner has yet again decided to ignore my argument and misrepresent Proudhon along with Kropotkin .
Iain McKay
Fourth Letter on Property and Anarchist Communism
Dear Freedom
Mr Garner quotes ( in letters 26/6/99 ) from Proudhon 's works to maintain that he ( Proudhon ) did , in fact , support property in land after all .
He quotes from works written in 1851 and 1864 to maintain ( yet again ) that I am not , in fact , " arguing the same point as Proudhon did in 1840 . "
How strange .
Even stranger is that even the " latter " Proudhon also stated his opposition to private property in land .
To quote from his Selected Writings , " What I can not accept , regarding land , is that the work put in gives a right to ownership of what has been worked on . " [ p. 129 ]
As regards Proudhon 's General Idea of the Revolution ( which Mr. Garner also quotes to defend his claims ) we discover him stating his reforms would ensure " property will have lost its fundamental vices , it will be transfigured .
It will no longer be the same thing .
Still , let us continue to call it by its ancient name .
. . PROPERTY " [ p. 199 ]
Now , does this not imply that Proudhon was following What is Property ?
but confusing things by calling " possession " property ?
We also discover him proposing a decree which , in part , reads , " When the property has been entirely paid for , it shall revert immediately to the town , which shall take the place of the former proprietor . . . the towns . . . [ will ] fix . . . the boundaries of possessions . . . the former proprietors who have held their title by working their properties themselves , shall be placed on the same footing as the new , subjected to the same rental payments " [ pp. 199-200 ]
Now , does this sound like someone in favour of the buying and selling of land ?
Does it not , in fact , sound like a man opposed to property in land and in favour of possession ?
From these quotes , combined with the comments I quoted in my last latter , I would suggest that opposition to property in land was a common theme throughout his political writing .
Mr Garner 's claims fly in the face of this evidence ( as well as being irrelevant concerning his comments regarding 1840 ! ) .
Now , Mr. Garner quotes Proudhon 's Selected Writings for Proudhon 's comments regarding the difference between property and possession .
What he fails to mention is that these date from 1864 when Proudhon had substantially revised his ideas !
In addition , he fails to mention that in this period Proudhon did not seem to be an anarchist as he explicitly links his new ideas to the control of the State , not its abolition .
Thus we find Proudhon arguing that " property , by creating guarantees for itself that both spread it more equally and establish it more firmly in society , itself becomes a guarantee of liberty and keeps the State on an even keel .
Once property has been firmly established . . . the power of the State is increased to the maximum . . . every citizen is able to make his own judgement on . . . the functioning of government . " [ p.
133 ]
In addition , he asks " What force could adequately counterbalance the enormous power of the State ?
There is only one : property . " [ p.
135 ] Keeping " the State on an even keel , " increasing the power of the State to " the maximum " and counterbalancing it suggests that Proudhon had passed from anarchism into liberalism .
However , some of the old Proudhon remained for we discover him arguing that the " politics " of property " may be summed up in a single word : exploitation " and that property is " an absolutism within an absolutism . " [ p. 134 and p. 141 ]
Which brings me to the essential point .
Mr. Garner claims that decentralisation and communism do not go together .
However , what he fails to acknowledge is the basic ideas of communist - anarchism .
Yes , indeed , a confederation of communist - anarchist communes do possess everything together .
However , they do not use it together .
In the day to day running of a given commune or workplace , those who use the resource manage it .
The aim of confederation ( i.e. common ownership ) is to ensure equal access and equal rights to everyone .
To quote Carlo Cafiero , the " common wealth being scattered right across the planet , while belonging to the whole of humanity , those who happen to be within reach of that wealth and in a position to make use of it will utilise it in common .
. . .
As part of humanity , they will exercise here , in fact and directly , their rights over a portion of mankind 's wealth .
But should an inhabitant of Peking visit this country , he would enjoy the same rights as the rest , in common with the others , he would enjoy all the wealth of the country , just as he would have in Peking . "
[ No Gods , No Masters , vol . 1 , p. 250 ]
This effectively answers Mr. Garner 's comments about communism and who is entitled to have a say on resource use .
As I said in my initial reply , use rights replace property rights in an anarchist society .
That implies decentralisation and freedom as functional groups manage themselves and work with others as equals .
Perhaps Mr. Garner is so in love with " property " he cannot envision any alternative means of possession ?
He seems to be applying the logic of property to communist - anarchism and fails to note its fundamentally different basis in possession .
Now , contrast this system with property .
Under property , as Mr. Garner continues to argue , the owners have the right to exclude others .
To quote Proudhon from 1864 , the owner " can be said to be the property owner on one condition only : he must have absolute sovereignty over it , he must be its exclusive master -- dominis , it must be his domain -- dominium . " [ p. 127 ] Compare this with Tucker 's definition of the state .
He argued that the state was marked by two things , aggression and " the assumption of authority over a given area and all within it . "
[ Instead of a Book , p. 22 ]
However , the property owner also has authority over a given area ( the property in question ) and all within it ( workers and tenants ) .
Thus property and state share a common definition .
Now , consider what would happen in Mr. Garner 's system of property .
The only way of gaining access to the means of life would be to enter into a contract with the property owners .
This would mean that the non-property owner would be subject to the authority of the property owner and so they would be governed by another .
It could be argued that the wage worker " consents " to this government , but this is also the case of the citizen in any democratic state .
No one forces you to life in a given state .
You can leave and consent to another state .
Thus property , rather than being the expression of liberty as Mr. Garner states , is actually its denial .
It generates social relationships which are inherently authoritarian and can be considered the state writ small .
As recognised by Proudhon in What is Property ? : " The Proprietor . . . and the sovereign ( for [ they ] are synonymous ) each imposes his will as law and suffers neither contradiction nor control ; that is , he pretends to be at once the legislative and the executive power . . . property necessarily engenders despotism , the government of arbitrary will . " [ p. 210 ]
How can an anarchist support such an institution ?
Needless to say , Mr. Garner continually fails to mention this aspect of property , an aspect we see everyday under the current system .
Given the basic , fundamental , commonality between property and state ( monopoly of power over a given area ) can an anarchist support it ?
No , of course not .
Now , in a regime of " occupancy and use " and possession rather than property , this issue does not arise .
But as Mr. Garner himself notes , he is against possession and in favour of property .
Now , Mr. Garner claims that Proudhon argued that property ensured that " a person is answerable only to themselves . "
He also suggests that Proudhon was in favour of the free market .
This seems unlikely .
Why ?
Because we discover the " later " Proudhon arguing that that mutualism would fix " a maximum and minimum " for " profit margins " as well as " organising of regulating societies " in order to " regulate the market . "
[ Selected Writings , p. 70 ]
Elsewhere we discover him arguing that for an " agro- industrial federation " which is " intended to provide reciprocal security in commerce and industry . "
The purpose of " specific federal arrangements is to protect the citizens of the federated states from capitalist and financial feudalism , both within them and from the outside . "
This is because " political right requires to be buttressed by economic right . "
Thus the " agro- industrial federation " would be required to correct the destabilising effects of market exchanges ( which can generate increasing inequalities in wealth and so power ) .
It seems clear that Proudhon was aware that in the market , the strong dominate the weak and that a contract between the weak and the strong will always favour the latter ( see the Ninth Proposition in What is Property ? ) .
Again , this aspect of the free market is ignored by Mr. Garner .
However , it is part of the reason why most anarchists are communists .
I could go on , but this letter is far too long as it is .
I could mention the natural barriers to entry which every industry generates which could encourage the degeneration of a self - managed economy into capitalism as unemployed workers have to sell their labour to survive .
I could also mention that Mondragon ( the most successful co-op network ) has started hiring more wage slaves , thus undermining self - management ( the co-op members have exercised their property rights and refused to let them join their co-op , in other words ) .
Would this stop under Mr. Garner 's system ?
He gives us no real reason to think it would .
In all , I would again argue that private property would undermine a free market based labour - managed economy and send it back into capitalism and that Mr. Garner 's claims are simply wrong .
I feel Proudhon would have agreed with me ( as can be seen from his comments regarding the necessity of an " agro- industrial federation " ) .
Iain M. McKay
Food and eating feature largely on this site and we have already produced a few lists about bizarre food and bizarre mental disorders .
This list joins the two together by discussing relatively bizarre mental disorders that relate to food or weight .
If you can think of others , or have an experience with one or more on this list , let us know in the comments .
10 Orthorexia
Characterized by the obsession with eating healthy foods , this disease can be confused with and / or diagnosed as anorexia ; the main difference being the reasoning behind the eating habits .
Anorexics are obsessed with losing weight , while orthorexics feel a need for healthy or “ pure ” foods .
Orthorexia is not recognized by the DSM IV and in general will not be diagnosed , but it is seeing a greater stronghold across the US .
You can read the tragic story of a young woman who ultimately succumbed to orthorexia here .
9 Prader - Willi Syndrome
PWS is caused by a chromosomal defect .
It is non hereditary and it affects both sexes and all races .
PWS can bring with it a number of symptoms including motor skill deficiency , incomplete growth , and mental retardation .
In addition , PWS causes an unquenchable appetite .
Left unchecked , sufferers can literally eat themselves to death .
Treatment includes growth hormone and a low - cal diet that absolutely must be maintained .
A fictionalized account of Prader - Willi was seen on the show CSI in 2005 .
8 Pica
Pica is perhaps the most interesting disease on this list .
It is both an eating disorder and a psychiatric problem .
People with pica feel a compulsion to eat non-nutritional and non -food items .
These can include anything from cigarette butts to paint .
It is quite easy to get sick or even die from pica as the sufferer can eat dangerous chemicals or sharp objects that can puncture their vital organs .
7 Bigorexia
Often called the opposite of anorexia , bigorexia is the only disorder on this list with more male sufferers than women .
Bigorexics compulsively work out , take supplements , and severely restrict their diets .
No matter how muscular and sculpted their bodies are , those with the disease are shy or even humiliated to show off their bodies because in their minds they just are n’t good enough .
Statistics vary widely , as in addition to the embarrassment from the illness , eating disorders have long been seen as a women ’s or girl ’s disease and many men will not come forward .
6 Binge Eating Disorder
Binge eating is a separate condition than bulimia .
It is thought to be the most common eating disorder , yet is specified in the DSM IV as a part of EDNOS , or Eating Disorder Not Otherwise Specified .
This is a broad category of ED and you can read about the criteria for EDNOS here .
BED sufferers do not have the love of food most compulsive orders do .
Like anorexics and bulimics , binge eaters are ashamed of their bodies and generally are embarrassed about their eating habits .
5 Anorexia Athletica
While not technically an eating related illness in and of itself , it is almost never diagnosed without the presence of another eating disorder .
As the name suggests , a person with anorexia athletica goes beyond the normal feeling most of us have after a nice long run or a good session in the gym .
The feeling is not optional for those with the disease , and they will often push themselves to over exertion or even serious injury to achieve the perfect body .
4 Night Eating Syndrome
NES is a new disorder , yet like orthorexia is gaining in diagnosis .
Night eating sufferers - usually obese or morbidly obese , eat almost nothing in the morning and during the day and eat over half of their daily calories at night .
They often experience insomnia or wake up to indulge as well .
Like others with and ED , people with NES are often secretive about their habits and are loathe to admit there is a problem .
3 Body Dysmorphic Disorder
While BDD can be diagnosed without the presence of an ED , is is nearly almost diagnosed along with the “ big two ” and often lingers long after other symptoms have lessened .
People with BDD are convinced they have any number of defects , including but not limited to being fat and ugly , and having bad hair , bad teeth , and a bad odor .
This goes beyond the normal teenage insecurities about how someone looks .
When a BDD sufferer looks in the mirror , they see something completely different than those around them do .
2 Bulimia Nervosa
Bulimia is characterized by binge / purge cycles .
When most people think of bulimics , they think of self induced vomiting to purge .
While this is one of the most common ways to purge , bulimics will also use diuretics and enemas .
Additionally , bulimics will use ipecac syrup or over exercise to induce vomiting .
Bulimics are very aware that their behavior is both abnormal and frowned upon and will go to great lengths to hide it .
Interestingly , bulimics with a balanced binge purge cycle are generally a normal weight .
It is only those who purge more than they binge who exhibit the outside signs of an eating disorder .
1 Anorexia Nervosa
Newest studies estimate that 1 out of 100 teenage girls suffer from anorexia .
Girls as young as 8 have been hospitalized with the condition .
Brain mapping of those with anorexia shows their addiction to not eating is just as great as those with heavy drug or alcohol addiction .
Anorexics are at great risk for relapse because anorexia and other eating disorders , like most addictions , never go away .
Those that have been through treatment and no longer show symptoms or signs of their condition are considered in remission and must keep their impulses and urges in check .
Even years down the line , one event can re-trigger the illness .
However , those who do manage to keep the disease in line can recover fully and live and eat normally .
Contributor : Callie
Find out who is the most ' expensive ' MP
MPs are to receive a pay rise of 2.33 % from 1 April , bringing their annual salary to about £ 64,766 .
Rules introduced last year fixed the increase at the average received over the previous year by 15 different groups of public sector workers .
The Westminster salary rise comes at a time when many workers are facing no pay rise , or even reductions .
Gordon Brown has announced a freeze in ministerial salaries , calling it the " right thing to do " .
Those ministers who are MPs will also forgo the £ 1,500 rise in their parliamentary pay to which they are entitled , the prime minister 's spokesman said .
The Conservatives announced they would match that ministerial pay freeze for David Cameron and shadow Lords leader Lord Strathclyde - and pledged to impose a pay freeze for ministers in 2010 / 11 if they are in government .
Liberal Democrat leader Nick Clegg and his deputy , Vince Cable , will also not take up the rise , the party said .
Last week figures revealed that inflation , judged by the Consumer Prices Index , had risen to 3.2 % in February this year .
Allowances
But the Retail Prices Index , which includes mortgage costs , fell to zero in the same month .
MPs ' basic pay is topped up by expenses and allowances worth up to around £ 180,000 a year to pay for their offices , staff and travel and the cost of spending time away from home while working at Westminster .
Ministers also receive pay on top of their MPs ' salary .
Mr Brown , speaking at a Downing Street press conference , said : " Last year and this year ministers will have no pay rise .
" Their pay has been frozen .
That 's the right thing to do when people are suffering in the economy .
" I made that decision myself and ministers have supported that decision because it's the right thing to do . "
Mr Brown 's spokesman said all cabinet ministers consulted on the freeze had agreed to it on behalf of themselves and their more junior ministerial colleagues .
An inquiry has been ordered into the whole question of MPs ' pay and expenses following a series of controversies , including allegations relating to claims for second home allowances from Home Secretary Jacqui Smith and work minister Tony McNulty .
The chairman of the Senior Salaries Review Body , Bill Cockburn , wrote to Commons Speaker Michael Martin on Friday to inform him that he had calculated this year 's average at 2.33 % .
The rise is based on those of public sector employees ranging from judges and senior military officers to teachers , NHS workers and council employees .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
" The worst president in American history is Abraham Lincoln , who slaughtered 700,000 Americans ! "
A hot , sticky crowd , overflowing from a room meant for 478 people , whoops it up when Andrew Napolitano makes that claim .
They are here for the Liberty Forum , an unofficial offshoot of the 36th annual Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington , DC .
All of them are supporters of Ron Paul .
The persistent popularity of Paul , the 72 - year - old libertarian congressman who raised $ 35 m in a quixotic Republican presidential bid , is one of the head - turning shocks of CPAC .
Walk into the Omni Shoreham Hotel , the site of the conference , and a smiling volunteer for the Campaign for Liberty – Paul 's new organisation – will hand you a flyer for one of their meetings .
They 're everywhere .
" We 've got 140 volunteers , " said a smiling Jesse Benton , the Campaign for Liberty 's communications director , at a Wednesday happy hour sponsored by libertarian Reason magazine , the de facto CPAC pre-party .
After a month and a week of the Obama presidency , the group has raised $ 300,000 .
One of the volunteers is Jeff Frazee , who turned 26 years old this month and could pass for 18 .
He heads up Young Americans for Liberty , a collegiate companion to the CFL that held its own student conference last weekend , with the aim of starting 100 chapters by the end of the year .
They 've launched Young American Revolution , a magazine featuring articles from students and writers for conservative publications like the American Spectator and Pat Buchanan - founded American Conservative .
The cover story , illustrated by a painting of Ron Paul rolling up his sleeves to box with Barack Obama , is about how Paul is inspiring young people .
An interview with Paul ranges from his plans for 2012 to his investments in precious metals .
" I never had to use my gold coins , " says Paul .
" But it did n't hurt me [ to have them ] . "
Fifteen thousand copies of the magazine are being distributed at the conference , many at the YAL booth , next to a wall of balloons that attendees can puncture with darts to win either paper money – " fiat money " – or candy .
It 's an educational tool to teach students why paper money is worthless compared to gold .
" Everyone gets it , " says Frazee .
" The idea of printing up money does n't work .
There 's a value in candy , and there 's no value in paper money . "
In previous years , Paul found a sea of critics at CPAC .
George Bush was president , the Iraq war was being hotly debated in Congress and the enthusiasm for an old - style , isolationist conservative obsessed with the monetary system was limited .
On this Friday in 2009 , though , Paul is a superstar .
The line for his speech snakes out of the main hall , up a flight of stairs and past a registration desk .
Paul 's speech is familiar to anyone who 's ever seen him speak , a 20 - minute lecture on the monetary system with appeals to the legacy founding fathers and winking comments on how the Republican party should have listened to him earlier .
" A good conservative , " says Paul , " will start preaching about how we have to get rid of the Federal Reserve system ! "
As bad as the GOP had been in power , the Democrats and Obama would " make us look like pikers ! "
But while the speech does n't draw much applause – Paul has never shaken a habit to stampede through his text and run over applause lines – what 's striking is what the audience does n't do .
It does n't boo when Paul attacks the war in Iraq and " policing the world " .
It does n't move as Paul burrows into the theory of Austrian economics .
The audience is steadfast , glued to the seats .
What 's changed in two years ?
It 's not only that Republicans have lost an election – it's that Republicans do not yet understand why they lost .
They are not willing to consider that they lost votes because Americans wanted more social democratic policies .
The official explanation for their loss is that Republicans spent too much money and lost touch with their values .
It only makes sense that Paul , who has been arguing for years that the GOP needs to get back to the values of pre-New Deal America , should be winning over young hearts and minds .
As Friday winds to a close , CFL volunteers advertise a launch party for Young American Revolution , held at a bar called Asylum .
The event fliers sport a photo of Barry Goldwater and a parody of his most famous quote : " Extremism in the defence of liberty is no voice , and moderation in the pursuit of drinking is no virtue ! "
At the bar , Paul staffers , volunteers and young students attending CPAC throw back beers and talk about how many people have come around to their thinking .
" I have n't met anyone who does n't like Ron Paul , " says one student .
" Notice how all these assholes who are giving these talks , they 're saying exactly the same thing Ron Paul said last year ? "
President Obama flew into Mexico City Thursday to , among other things , restate his support for the existing drug war paradigm as he reiterated his backing for Mexican President Felipe Calderón 's bloody war against Mexico 's wealthy , powerful , and violent drug trafficking organizations , the so - called cartels .
It 's too bad he did n't schedule his trip for a few days earlier , because then he could have seen a new drug policy paradigm being born .
Earlier in the week , the Mexican Congress held a three - day debate on the merits of decriminalizing the personal use of marijuana .
The debate , known as the Forums on the Regulation of Cannabis in Mexico , brought together government officials , elected representatives , academics and experts in a lively discussion of Mexican marijuana policy .
Although Mexico is a socially conservative country , and marijuana use is popularly -- if unfairly -- associated with lower - class criminality , the blood - stained fall - out from President Calderón 's war against the cartels is creating social and political space for reform discussions that would have been impossible a decade ago .
Since Calderón unleashed the Mexican army against the cartels at the beginning of 2007 , the death toll has climbed to more than 10,000 , and the spectacular , exemplary violence has shocked Mexican society .
While President Calderón has proposed legislation that would offer pot smokers treatment instead of jail , Calderón and his ruling conservative National Action Party ( PAN ) have stopped short of calling for legalization or decriminalization .
The left - leaning Democratic Revolutionary Party ( PRD ) supports decriminalization , while the smaller Social Democratic Party ( PSD ) has called for the decriminalization of the possession of all drugs .
In 2006 , Calderón 's predecessor , Vicente Fox , moved to pass decriminalization legislation .
But he pulled the bill after being pressured by the US .
While Obama has not weighed in on marijuana legalization or decriminalization in Mexico , the DEA has .
Either course would mark " a failure " of US and Mexican drug policy , DEA chief of intelligence Anthony Placido told El Universal Wednesday .
" The legalization of marijuana in Mexico would create more misery and more addicts , " he said .
Nor would it weaken the cartels , he argued ; instead , they would simply shift their attention to other illegal activities .
'' Global Marijuana Day ' ' demonstration in Mexico City , May 2008
PSD Deputy Elsa Conde last year introduced three bills that would legalize medical marijuana , legalize hemp , and decriminalize marijuana possession , but the debate in Congress this week does not pertain to any particular piece of legislation .
Instead , it lays the groundwork for future policy changes .
Lawmakers have said they wanted to hear various viewpoints before considering any changes in the law .
Even the ruling PAN appears open to some sort of reform .
" It 's clear that a totally prohibitive policy has not been a solution for all ills , " said Interior Department official Blanca Heredia .
" At the same time , it 's illusory to imagine that complete legalization of marijuana would be a panacea . "
When it came to marijuana , said Heredia , neither total legalization nor prohibition should be the policy , but something in between .
" Every new solution is necessarily partial , " she said .
" Every decision runs risks and brings with it new problems .
We have to try to balance things carefully , to rigorously analyze the impact that different proposals would have on the drug market and the organized crime industry . "
Javier González Garza , leader of the left - leaning Democratic Revolutionary Party ( PRD ) in the Chamber of Deputies , said that while he favored decriminalizing marijuana , the topic should be discussed separately from other types of drugs , such as cocaine , heroin , and the synthetics .
" What we do n't want is the criminalization of our youth for consuming or carrying marijuana , " said González .
" That is the central point .
If we made consuming or carrying marijuana a serious crime , there are n't enough jails in Mexico to hold everybody . "
While the politicians talked politics , others took the discussion to loftier realms .
Philosopher Rodolfo Vázquez Cardoso questioned whether it is ethically justifiable to criminalize the possession of drugs for personal use .
He noted that while the theme of most discussion was the harmful effects of drug use , the central theme should instead be that of freedom .
" There is no legitimate objective of the judicial system to promote good living or virtue because that enters into conflict with the capacity of each individual to choose freely and rationally how to live his life and choose the ideals of virtue in accord with his own preferences , " said Vázquez .
Drug prohibition , he added , is based on " repressive paternalism " and violates the principle of personal autonomy .
For Ana Paula Hernández of the Angélica Foundation , human rights and the rule of law were key concerns .
She cited the " unmeasured militarization of the country as a consequence of the war against organized crime " and warned that those most affected by the drug war were the poor peasant communities that were " the weakest link " of the drug production chain .
" These ideas about controlling prohibited drugs are innovative , " said political scientist and drug policy expert Luis Astorga .
" When it comes to drugs , we do n't have to follow the path of the United States , which has n't worked .
We need to develop ideas and policies distinct from those of the US .
We have a very good opportunity to do something independent , as they have in Europe and Canada , " he said .
But Armando Patrón Vargas of the National Council Against Addiction in the Health Department said decriminalization was n't necessary because Mexico does n't criminalize drug addiction .
" I do n't see any urgent need to modify the status [ of marijuana ] and decriminalize use , " he told the forum .
The Mexican government guarantees treatment of addicts , he said , even if the investment in treatment is inadequate .
Dr. Humberto Brocca , a student of herbal and traditional medicine and a member of the pro-reform Grupo Cáñamo ( Cannabis Group ) told the forum it was time to end the prejudice and social stigma against pot smokers and urged legislators to be fearless in moving toward regulation " because fear is not a good advisor . "
Brocca told the Chronicle Wednesday that while he did not expect quick change in the drug laws , the forum was a start .
" It means that society is demanding some truth about important issues , " he said .
Even the half - measure of decriminalization would make a big difference , he said .
" It would take cannabis out of the criminal circuit and it would lower prices and guarantee good quality , " Brocca said .
" It would also remove cannabis from its role of rebellious banner for youth , thus making it less attractive for them .
It would also help law enforcement to not waste its time on petty issues and focus on important ones , like going after the traffickers .
And it would liberate the many people who currently serve time for nothing . "
Mexico 's lawmakers have had their chance to discuss marijuana law reform .
Now it is time to craft and pass the necessary legislation to put those reforms in place .
But with mid-term elections coming up in a couple of months , little is likely to happen before then .
Q&A : Post - war Sri Lanka Published duration 9 January 2015
image copyright Reuters image caption
The legacy of the war is still felt across Sri Lanka
Sri Lanka 's army defeated separatist Tamil Tiger rebels in May 2009 after 26 years of civil war .
Allegations of atrocities during the closing stages of that war have dogged the government ever since it ended .
The rebels were also accused of abuses .
The government has strenuously denied such allegations and insist they are on the path of reconciliation and rebuilding Sri Lanka 's north .
What happened in the war ?
After independence from British rule , increasingly assertive Sinhala nationalists , resentful of what they saw as British favouritism towards minority Tamils , began to fan the flames of ethnic division .
A Tamil separatist movement gained momentum during the 1970s when a number of armed Tamil groups emerged in the north and parts of eastern Sri Lanka .
But in 1983 the insurgency was transformed after a brutal anti-Tamil backlash following the killing by insurgents of 13 soldiers spread throughout the country .
The Liberation Tigers of Tamil Eelam ( LTTE ) emerged under the leadership of Velupillai Prabhakaran as a ruthless and highly effective fighting force .
It came to run what was in effect a shadow state in the north and east .
The group used suicide bombings and other attacks to devastating effect in the capital Colombo and elsewhere in the 1990s .
It also killed high - profile figures , including Indian Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi and Sri Lankan President Ranasinghe Premadasa .
After various peace initiatives and ceasefires failed , the government launched a final offensive in 2009 and defeated the Tigers .
How many people were killed ?
Until the final months of the war , the death toll for more than 25 years of conflict was estimated to be about 70,000 .
But the final phase , when the government and rebels battled it out as thousands of civilians were hemmed in to a tiny strip of land on the north - eastern coast , has been the subject of most scrutiny .
Estimates range from 20,000 - 75,000 killed in the final assault , but a government estimate put the figure at about 9,000 .
What were the main allegations against the government and rebels ?
A 2011 UN report said hospitals , UN centres and ships belonging to the Red Cross were deliberately targeted by the army .
The government was accused of using heavy weaponry and UN images obtained by the BBC appeared to show shelling damage in a government - designated " safe zone " for civilians .
The report also accused the Tamil Tigers of using civilians as human shields , saying the rebels shot those who tried to escape .
It also said that the rebels positioned heavy weapons in hospital grounds .
Sri Lanka rejected the claims in the report as biased and fraudulent .
What efforts have been made to promote post - war reconciliation ?
Critics say there has been little serious attempt to do this so far .
The government appointed a Lessons Learnt and Reconciliation Commission , which cleared the military of allegations that it had deliberately attacked civilians .
Rights groups dismissed the inquiry as " flawed " .
In September 2013 the government held elections for a semi-autonomous council in the island 's Tamil - majority north , a move which it said was a significant step in the reconciliation process .
The Tamil National Alliance ( TNA ) won 30 seats in the 38 - member council and now forms the first functioning provincial government in the north .
The TNA 's 80 - year - old leader , Rajavarothiam Sampanthan , said the victory was a chance for everybody to " think afresh about the future " .
Is there any chance of a return to Tamil militancy ?
The overwhelming majority of analysts agree that in the short term at least the answer is a resounding " no " .
After so many years of war , many Sri Lankan Tamils are war - weary and struggling to earn a living .
But many also warn that the government runs the risk of alienating the minority if it does not act on political reconciliation .
Many a straphanger has taken heat for pulling out their point and shoot cameras in the subway system , but now an off - duty MTA worker has been arrested by the NYPD 's transit cops for photographing the underground .
Carlos Miller reports on the charges made against 30 - year - old Robert Taylor , who has been with the MTA for three years and actually cited section 1050.9 ( c ) of the Rules of Conduct to the arresting officers , which state that photography is allowed under certain conditions , all of which he met .
Still , he was handcuffed and locked in a holding cell for photographing an incoming train at the Freeman Street station in the Bronx .
He posted his story on SubChat , where he wrote that an officer " yelled to me just as I was getting on the train to leave .... he asked for ID , I showed him and he proceeds to tell me I 'm not supposed to be taking pics ... I told him that 's not true ... on the Transit Authority 's rules of conduct it says we are , the sergeant tells me their rules and TA 's rules are different .... I told him , if you feel I 'm in the wrong , give me a summons and I 'll see everyone in court . "
Turns out he was charged with three things : unauthorized photography , unreasonable voice / disorderly conduct and impeding traffic .
We contacted the NYPD to get their rules for photographing in the subway system , but have yet to hear back .
Finally , someone has conceived a way to copy and paste text from Safari to Mail , and between web pages .
And this time , it does n't require any software installation and it's legal :
Unlike other approaches , it works with the two apps that matter most , Mail and Safari , and gets around Apple 's onerous App Store terms through a clever combination of javascript bookmarks and web services .
Advertisement
In fact , it does n't require anything to be installed , so it avoids the App Store altogether .
As you can see in the video , Pastebud - as the service is called - works using two bookmarks in Safari .
One prepares and loads the page you are viewing , ready to select text at the touch of a finger .
From there , you can copy any text you want and create a new mail message with that text in it .
In addition to that , you will be able to copy and paste in the text field of a different web page .
While this is not full copy and paste capabilities , I , for one , welcome the ability do exactly this , which is basically what I want to do 95 % of the time .
According to Jed Schmidt , creator of Pastebud , they have been testing it for about a week and they are now " putting the finishing touches on the web site before launch " .
CAUTION
This utility touch hardware devices which connected to your Windows PC .
I recommend you to back up entire data on your PC before using this .
NEWS
MAY 11 , 2009 - Version 0.03 is now hosted on genunix.org also .
Thanks again to webmaster !!
MAY 10 , 2009 - Version 0.03 Released .
APR 14 , 2009 - OpenSolaris Live USB creator is now hosted on genunix.org also .
Great thanks to genunix.org webmaster !!
ABOUT THIS
This utility helps you to create OpenSolaris LiveUSB memory stick .
Offically , when you want to create OpenSolaris LiveUSB memory stick , you must run usbcopy script on Solaris / OpenSolaris box .
Using this utility , you can create LiveUSB stick from " .usb " images on your Windows box .
SCREEN SHOT
A content management system , or CMS , is the easiest way to get a content driven site up and running fast .
Frequently , they 're also used for building social networks .
We 've rounded up more than 80 popular CMSs due to reader requests .
For the sake of brevity , we have n't delved too deeply into CMSs for personal blogging or wikis ( although we recommend Wordpress and Mediawiki , respectively ) .
Editor 's note : Selecting a CMS is about selecting the right tool for the job .
However , the most highly recommended general purpose CMSs tend to be Drupal and Joomla .
We welcome your own recommendations and experiences in the comments .
Joomla - popular , award - winning CMS that will help you build powerful online applications .
XOOPS - extensible , easy to use ; ideal tool for developing small to large dynamic community websites , blogs , portals and much more .
Drupal - equipped with a powerful blend of features , rich set of modules , very popular .
e107 - totally customizable content management system written in PHP using MySQL database .
Plone - ready - to - run , easy to set up , extremely flexible , and ideal for project groups , communities , websites , extranets and intranets .
Zope - an open source application server for building content management systems , intranets , portals , and custom applications .
PHPnuke - established CMS featuring web - based administration , surveys , customizable blocks , modules and themes with multilanguage support .
Dotnetnuke - port of PHPNuke into Microsoft .NET platform .
Typo3 - flexible and extensible CMS with an accomplished set of ready - made interfaces , functions and modules .
PostNuke - fork of PHP - Nuke to make it more secure , stable , and able to work in high - volume environments with ease .
SyntaxCMS - simplify publishing , create and edit site content online , and approve it before publishing to the web .
jLibrary is a DMS ( Document Management System ) , oriented for personal and enterprise use .
V2 CMS - simple CMS , easy to install and modify .
Website Baker - PHP - based CMS designed to make website creation easy .
Jahia - use the Jahia community edition for publishing , managing files , and workflow .
eZPublish - created by eZ Systems , which has a team of professional software developers responsible for creating and maintaining the CMS .
Magnolia - makes Enterprise Content Management simple by being user - friendly , battle - tested , enterprise - ready and open - source .
WebGUI - built to give average business users the ability to build and maintain complex web sites .
OpenCMS - helps content managers worldwide to create and maintain beautiful websites fast and efficiently .
PHP - Fusion - a lightweight , small and versatile CMS .
Collaborative Portal Server ( CPS ) - most complete platform for building Enterprise Content Management applications , built on top of the Zope application server .
SiteFrame™ - lightweight content - management system designed for the rapid deployment of community - based websites .
TribalCMS - includes multilanguage support , template architectures , AJAX User Interfaces and unique administration .
Xaraya - create sophisticated web applications ; designers enjoy considerable flexibility .
Krang - designed to publish magazine websites .
MMBase - CMS with strong multi media features and advanced portal functionalities .
Pligg - based on Menéame ( Spanish Digg clone ) , Pligg enables you to create Digg - like sites .
elevateIT - an extension of ZOPE / Plone server .
Cofax - manages your text and multimedia content , and simplifies the presentation of newspapers .
DBPrism - first open source CMS based on Oracle XMLDB repository .
Flux CMS - XML / XSLT based , easy to use , extensible and suitable for developers to fill specific needs .
Apache Lenya - Java/XML based CMS that comes with revision control , multi-site management , scheduling , and workflow .
Rubricks - CMS for Ruby on Rails fans , boasts simplicity and speed .
Silva - built on top of Zope , enables you to export to Word , stream media , store content as XML , and manage hierarchical and traditional websites .
YACS - build your online blogging communities .
Clever Copy -
A scalable website portal and news posting system .
Fundanemt - focused on usability and aimed at small and medium sized websites .
Dragonfly CMS - feature - rich open source content management system , based on PHP - Nuke 6 .
ContentNOW - simple to use , flexible , multilanguage , modular CMS .
Bitweaver - suitable for large - scale community websites and corporate applications .
Elxis CMS - professional free open source CMS released under the GNU / GPL license .
Etomite - allows you to remotely administer your website from anywhere .
fuzzylime - simple way for you to run your site and keep it up - to - date .
i Gaming CMS - build your own gaming websites .
MODx - CMS that helps you take control of your online content .
PHP comasy - simple , multilingual and fast content management system .
Mambo - very well - known CMS .
Can be used for everything from simple websites to complex corporate applications .
Jupiter - one of the most lightweight portal systems available .
Ovidentia - integrate an environment for publishing content on the www or a groupware portal .
Jaws - build your own modules on the powerful Jaws framework .
Geeklog - out of the box blog solution with support for comments , trackbacks , multiple syndication formats , and spam protection .
CMS Made Simple - make a home page for your family or your multinational corporation .
Eazy portal - solution allowing you to maintain your own online community .
Papoo - accessible content management system
phpWebSite - develop an interactive , community - driven website .
RunCms - portal system that includes most things a webmaster would expect from a CMS .
Exponent - allows site owners to easily create and manage dynamic websites without necessarily directly coding web pages , or managing site navigation .
SPIP - publishing system , use it freely for your own site , be it personal , co-operative , institutional or commercial .
Silverstripe - powerful enough for any website or intranet design and simple enough for anyone to use .
Pheap - created for folks who do n't like complex CMSs like Joomla and Drupal .
MDPro - an innovative and imaginative content management system .
TYPOlight webCMS - specializes in accessibility and uses XHTML and CSS to generate W3C / WAI compliant pages .
PlumeCMS - have multiple websites , multiple authors with different rights .
Xepient Open - Point - create a professional website quickly through the browser .
SlashCode - the original code for the Slashdot geek news service .
YaWPS - is a hybrid between a content management system and a web portal for medium or small - sized websites .
APC ActionApps - allow authorized users to easily update the content of their website .
Pagetool - suitable for people with limited technical skills to modify and contribute to an organization 's web site
OpenACS - toolkit for building scalable , community - oriented web applications .
ttCMS - build your community website with calendars , surveys , member management and authentication , file downloads , forum , articles , and announcements .
MySource - enables technically unskilled users to build and maintain their own web solutions .
Ariadne - web application server and content management system .
Mason CM - makes it easy to manage the workflow of information as it moves from staging to the live site .
Managee - comprehensive web based CMS .
ESY Web Builder - an intuitive content management system that allows non-technical people to create and manage websites and extranets .
PHProjekt - a groupware suite , for the coordination of group activities and to share information and documents via intranet and internet .
PROPS - extensible publishing system designed specifically for periodicals such as newspapers and magazines
Midgard CMS - internationalized set of tools for building web sites and networked applications .
Pivot - web - based tool to help you maintain dynamic sites , like weblogs or online journals .
Let me try to put some of this together in an analysis of who makes up the Republican party , and how they got there .
I 'd better stick in another general apology : these are the ruminations of a bemused outsider ( except for the bits on religion , which I do know something about ) .
Insiders could explain things better , avoid some mistakes , tell what it 's really like to be there .
On the other hand , insiders can be lousy at analyzing their own group .
They want to expatiate on principle instead of admitting the human tensions and frailties which are more relevant and more interesting to outsiders ; they can't set aside their assumptions even to explain what they are ; what they say about their opponents is vitiated by tedious bias .
I mean , just look at this screed on liberalism .
So , an outsider 's view can be worth looking at .
Money First , there was big money , which did n't have to come to the party because it was already there .
The Republicans have been the Money Party since the civil war -- and that 's no coincidence ; after the war they were the Northern Party , the people who won the war , the people who were creating the modern industrial economy .
If you look at the rhetoric of the Republicans , you 'd think the party is the playground of the fundies and / or libertarians .
But the Reps in power do n't do what they say they will ( thank God ) .
If you look at what they actually do , it 's pretty much dictated by what big business thinks will be good for it : free trade , except where foreigners can do things better than us ; subsidies for business , reducing taxes on the rich , bailing out failed S&Ls , opposing minor impediments to business like universal health care , unions , and regulation .
The rich control this country ; the richest 5 % of families own 40 % of the national wealth .
Its only problem , really , is that to win elections you need not only money but masses of warm ( or at least registered ) bodies .
So they need allies .
It 's not written in stone that those allies must be the religious right .
There are Democratic rich people , after all , and if the rich go in for religion they generally prefer something a little more subdued , like Anglicanism or Reform Judaism .
The Democrats are pro-business , but their power base includes unions , disenfranchised minorities , and statist academics -- all of whom are going to want to push the government 's nose into business .
The rich can work with these people if they have to -- e.g. back when the Dems controlled Congress -- but it's no surprise that they find the social conservatives more congenial .
Those folks are fervent and numerous , and since their main concerns are social they wo n't stand in the way of business .
The religious right There 's the Religious Right , of course .
This can be more narrowly divided into fundamentalists , evangelicals , and Catholics , each of which has slightly different understandings of religion and the state .
From complacent to outraged Fundies were not always Republicans .
For theological reasons they tend to distrust all worldly institutions , and arguably their natural state is to shun politics and keep to their little enclaves , getting right with God and watching the world go to hell .
Historically , they 've erupted into the political scene several times ( last time , they were for William Jennings Bryan in a big way ) , and they ended up leaving in disgust when things did n't go their way .
The father of a friend of mine is typical , I think , of a certain type of old - time fundie .
He 's socially conservative -- very -- but politically his roots are Chicago Democrat .
He 's a union man , and distrustful of big business ... and the British , for some reason .
He 's a strong father , in Lakoff 's sense , and a Nordic in Lind's .
He 's always voted more in line with his union principles than his religious views .
Fundies have always found something to despise in society ; but I think the '60s snapped them out of their complacency .
Jazz and cigarettes were bad enough , but for God 's sake , these hippies were getting naked , taking drugs , and questioning authority .
Riots and bombings , increased crime , and lawsuits against school prayer showed that things were truly spiralling out of control .
Feminism seemed like an attack on the way things should be .
And above all there was abortion , which was not just perverse but truly evil .
How they got into politics
Hard as it is to picture now , it was a Democrat , Jimmy Carter , who first attracted conservative Christians as a bloc .
He was one of them , after all ; and his party was the traditional home of social conservatives .
But Carter was discredited by Iranians and economic doldrums , and his " malaise " could n't hold a candle to Ronald Reagan 's sunny certainties .
How did a divorced second - tier actor who did n't even attend church win the support of legions of Christians ?
And maintain it , despite twenty years ' evidence that Reagan and his successors were paying mainly lip service to their concerns , taking action only on items of concern to libertarians and businessmen ?
Part of it was Carter 's talk of " malaise " .
Fundies do n't want to hear people dissing America ; the American Way is as much a part of their theology as the King James Version .
Another important factor was abortion , which only the Republicans promised to roll back .
There was also disaffection in the air .
Economically , there was stagflation and the energy crisis .
People were feeling pinched , and bad times make people more conservative .
And the sixties were widely perceived to have produced social chaos .
And again , liberalism had gone mainstream , and therefore ( as with the British Liberals ) run out of steam .
No one fights hard for mainstream ideas .
The people who cared about the Democrats in the ' 70s were progressives , and they managed to alienate the ethnics and Southerners who had previously been important parts of the coalition ; most spectacularly in the unseating of the Daley delegation at the 1972 convention .
Their noisy but unsuccesful tenure Back in the ' 80s , it seemed like the fundies were going to take over everything ; and the feeling returned in 1994 when the Repubs took control of Congress .
Yet somehow , in six years , they have n't got around to recriminalizing abortion , or legalizing organized school prayer , or subsidizing religious schools , or censoring Hollywood .
These would have been huge fights ; but parties will fight for what they really believe in .
The impeachment and trial of Clinton made things even clearer : though there is a solid core of Clinton - haters in the country , they are simply a minority , no more than 25 % of the electorate , and it turns out to be a bad , bad move to let that 25 % dictate policy .
It 's no accident that the top Republican candidates in 2000 , Bush and McCain , tried to put across a softer , more widely appealing image .
Libertarians
Then there 's the libertarians .
These come in several flavors .
You could describe big money as libertarian , since it likes laissez - faire and courts fundies but ignores their demands .
But big money is a good deal more pragmatic and socially traditional than hard - core libertarians .
Businessmen are not clamoring to repeal the drug laws , privatize the interstates , or allow gays to marry .
And frankly , they do n't need libertarianism to prosper .
The system already works for them .
Billionaires do n't need extra stroking .
When you have power , that 's satisfying in itself ; if anything , you think about endowing a charity .
As well , people with real power are not likely to have an adversarial relationship with government .
Cabinet officers , after all , return their phone calls , and Congressmen listen closely when they speak .
Why fix what is n't broken ?
A more typical libertarian , I suspect , is one of my recent correspondents , who earnestly explained that prosperity was not based on " brute labor " , but on " clever thinking " .
That 's pure Randism ; but the guy makes $ 14,000 a year .
What 's the story here ?
Randism seems to be built for billionaires .
It 's a transparent reponse to socialism :
When people are calling for your blood as exploiters , it 's mighty comforting to be told that your place at the top of the heap is heroic and even moral .
I suspect Randian rhetoric appeals most to folks like my $ 14 K / year correspondent -- basically , smart whites who have a grudge against the system .
They 're not doing as well as they 'd like , but they 're not in enough difficulty that liberals pay them any heed .
Rand crystalizes for them their suspicion of socialism and the welfare state , and assures them that their ambition and hard work are the marks of future Nietzschean overlords .
There 's also a particular pleasure in being contrarian , in not merely opposing but scornfully rejecting the liberal idea that one should resist misery and injustice .
It 's a miserable and unjust world , baby !
We are winners , and damn the losers !
Only they 're not exactly winning yet .
Something must be holding them back .
Ah , the government !
I can't take Rand seriously , because I 've worked for some of those " clever thinkers " , and they were no Randian heroes .
The founder of the first firm I worked for , for instance .
I salute the clever idea that started the company .
Problem was , he never had any more .
He went off on one failed scheme after another , while brute labor such as myself kept the company making money to pay for his play .
Eventually he was kicked out , and the money brought in another clever thinker , who proceeded , over five years , to halve the size of the company and leave the stock worthless in a booming economy .
Libertarians , like French intellectuals , are also too fond of argumentation so abstract that it has no particular relationship to reality .
They like to justify property , for instance , as compact between some undefined primitives at some epoch when it was clear that fencing off land could n't harm anyone else .
This is dubious enough at the theoretical level -- even if it did n't harm the non-owners in 4500 BC , who says it does n't today ?-- but it 's criminally absurd as history .
Just as a starter , after all , virtually every piece of property in the United States was ultimately stolen from the Indians , who 've suffered greatly for it ( those who survived the massacres and the relocations and the diseases ) .
Anyone who owns some of that property -- such as myself -- has to come up with some specious bit of special pleading in order to live with themselves ; but let 's not insult our own intelligence by pretending that the process was completely moral .
Illiberals A difficult category is people who just do n't like liberalism .
These are the people who ( say ) send me e-mail contesting my editorials .
I 've never seen a good analysis that explains these people .
They 're generally not fundamentalists , or businessmen , or Southerners , or even ( say ) white ethnics competing with blacks for jobs .
They may be libertarians , but not extremely so -- they generally do n't vote Libertarian , and do n't seem to advocate simply tossing out the government .
I 'm not sure if they buy into Lakoff's " strict father " metaphor , though it 's likely that they do n't accept the opposing " nurturing parent " metaphor .
They 're not generally rich ; some of the most fervent consies I know make substantially less than the median salary .
Some elements of a tentative explanation : The Democratic Party is still run by moderate liberals ; but the more radical wing is louder and gets more press -- especially in the rightist media .
And the progressives ' agenda ( gay rights , suspicion of big business , affirmative action , PETA - style environmentalism , multi-culturalism , lower defense spending ) and their anti-white , anti-male , anti-Christian rhetoric works like sodium on water for some people .
They are unable to dismiss it as a fringe phenomenon ; they find it outrageous and frightening , and it taints the whole Democratic Party for them .
by moderate liberals ; but the more is louder and gets more press -- especially in the rightist media .
And the progressives ' agenda ( gay rights , suspicion of big business , affirmative action , PETA - style environmentalism , multi-culturalism , lower defense spending ) and their anti-white , anti-male , anti-Christian rhetoric works like sodium on water for some people .
They are unable to dismiss it as a fringe phenomenon ; they find it outrageous and frightening , and it taints the whole Democratic Party for them .
Many people 's views are formed in college , and progressives and radicals are not only more prominent there , but are in positions of authority .
This may be the first exposure many young suburbanites have to progressive ideas , and they become allergic to it .
They fail to realize , however , that academia is a small , strange subculture , and that progressives ' presence there is an anomaly .
, and progressives and radicals are not only more prominent there , but are in positions of authority .
This may be the first exposure many young suburbanites have to progressive ideas , and they become allergic to it .
They fail to realize , however , that academia is a small , strange subculture , and that progressives ' presence there is an anomaly .
The country is too rich for progressive causes to be understood , much less championed .
When prosperity moved people into the middle class , they took up middle class politics -- liberalism .
A substantial number of people , however , have moved into the upper class , and they 've adopted upper - class politics -- conservativism .
for progressive causes to be understood , much less championed .
When prosperity moved people into the middle class , they took up middle class politics -- liberalism .
A substantial number of people , however , have moved into the upper class , and they 've adopted upper - class politics -- conservativism .
As a corollary of the last two points : the people we 're talking about just do n't know anything about what it 's like to live in the ghetto , or to be gay - bashed , or to have no health insurance .
They judge liberal sentiments based on their own experience , and of course condemn them ... hey , I do n't need state assistance , why should Joe Black in downtown Detroit ?
And , frankly , these folks are not very good at empathy .
Lakoff comes closest to an explanation for this -- empathy is a central part of the " nurturing parent " model ; it has a place in the " strict father " model , but subjugated to such virtues as self - reliance and order .
about what it 's like to live in the ghetto , or to be gay - bashed , or to have no health insurance .
They judge liberal sentiments based on their own experience , and of course condemn them ... hey , do n't need state assistance , why should Joe Black in downtown Detroit ?
And , frankly , these folks are not very good at empathy .
Lakoff comes closest to an explanation for this -- empathy is a central part of the " nurturing parent " model ; it has a place in the " strict father " model , but subjugated to such virtues as self - reliance and order .
I wonder if Frank Sullivan 's theories about firstborns and laterborns fits in here .
Firstborns tend to be more conservative ; they easily adopt adult values and feel comfortable in the world as it is .
Laterborns are more rebellious ( they have to be to get any attention ; they can never outcompete the older brother in maturity ) .
I suspect that firstborns are going to feel ill at ease with liberalism .
Several reasons arise out of liberalism 's long tenure : the Democrats ran Congress for nearly forty years , and liberals -- counting Nixon and Ford as social centrists -- controlled the Adminstration for half a century .
Liberalism has succeeded too well , in that it 's no longer perceived as fighting for things that most people need or want .
Social security , unemployment insurance , the FDIC , the FDA , a fair amount of freedom for minorities and women -- these were popular battles , because they benefitted the middle class which still makes up the majority of Americans .
The progressive agenda is now perceived as fighting for minorities only .
And a political movement cannot survive based solely on empathy .
, in that it 's no longer perceived as fighting for things that most people need or want .
Social security , unemployment insurance , the FDIC , the FDA , a fair amount of freedom for minorities and women -- these were popular battles , because they benefitted the middle class which still makes up the majority of Americans .
The progressive agenda is now perceived as fighting for minorities only .
And a political movement cannot survive based solely on empathy .
Decades - long tenure is bad in itself .
It 's not good for a political party to hold power for a long time ; it becomes complacent , stops examining its methods , and even dips into corruption .
is bad in itself .
It 's not good for a political party to hold power for a long time ; it becomes complacent , stops examining its methods , and even dips into corruption .
It also stops explaining itself with any eloquence or passion .
Many noisy consies , such as Salon 's David Horowitz , were once liberals ; their descriptions of what liberalism is are usually unrecognizable , and their reasons for leaving it are adolescent .
( E.g. one recent apostate decided that conservativism was more ' sensible ' ; his example was that the homeless were n't disadvantaged people , but street lunatics .
So , it was just ' sensible ' to keep blacks from voting or holding good jobs ?
And the ' sensible ' way to treat lunatics is to keep them as filthy , drunken vagrants ? )
Similarly , many people abandon the Christianity of their childhood without ever achieving an adult understanding of their religion .
They think they 've left the religion for rational reasons , when all they 've defeated is the Sunday - school simplification of it .
with any eloquence or passion .
Many noisy consies , such as 's David Horowitz , were once liberals ; their descriptions of what liberalism is are usually unrecognizable , and their reasons for leaving it are adolescent .
( E.g. one recent apostate decided that conservativism was more ' sensible ' ; his example was that the homeless were n't disadvantaged people , but street lunatics .
So , it was just ' sensible ' to keep blacks from voting or holding good jobs ?
And the ' sensible ' way to treat lunatics is to keep them as filthy , drunken vagrants ? )
Finally , there 's post hoc propter hoc .
Long - term liberal rule gets blamed for everything that went wrong in the world during its tenure , from hippie excesses to the drug epidemic to rising crime to communism .
Hierarchs Another ( overlapping ) category is hierarchs -- people who believe that some people are superior to others .
Of course , this describes everyone , in some fashion .
But liberalism as a whole denies many traditional claims of superiority , such as those based on religion , race , gender , orientation , and culture , and promotes equality of all persons ( at least ) under the law .
Many people , to put it mildly , feel out of sympathy with this view .
This particularly hits certain groups : Christianity thinks hierarchically : there is a scale of value from brute matter , to living things , to humans , to angels , to God ; and Christians traditionally and unapologetically made sharp divisions of value within the ' human ' category , too .
The military depends on hierarchy -- it can hardly do its job if obedience to superiors has n't become second nature .
And the successful in life -- or those who identify with them -- find hierarchy congenial .
It 's human nature to assume that you are and should be on top because you 're a superior being .
The hierarch in extreme form is of course the bigot .
Liberals should not think that every conservative is an unreconstructed redneck who viscerally hates blacks , gays , Jews , and immigrants .
But they 're out there , and there 's enough of them for their vote to matter .
They put Republican leaders into an uncomfortable bind .
If they pander to the bigots , they 'll be severely criticized , and may even lose the respect of moderate members of their party .
But if they attack them , it 's bye - bye to their votes .
Not surprisingly , the usual solution is weasel - speak and code words .
Democrats have the opposite problem .
There are anti-white bigots , of course , but also various radicals and progressives whose agenda is completely impossible in today 's political climate .
Bill Clinton has an amazing ability to walk this tightrope .
In 1992 he gained moderate cred by attacking Sister Souljah ; and he 's pursued a largely center - right program .
Yet he projects compassion and listening ability , especially in person , to the extent that Toni Morrison called him " our first Black president " .
( Gore , who does n't share this ability , has decided to simply fight Bush for the center , a tactic which leaves his left wing dangerously weak . )
A genteel subcategory of hierarchs is the antidemocrat -- generally a cultivated man of leisure , who does not scruple to disparage the " mass - man " and lament that he can vote .
Wills 's book provides a brief tour , highlighting Thoreau , H.L. Mencken , and Albert Jay Nock , an early inspiration for William F. Buckley ( and thus an influence on American conservativism ) .
It 's hard not to smile at the educated misanthrope , so toad - fatuous in his own self - congratulation , so gleefully vicious toward his fellow humans .
One smiles less at ( say ) Nock 's expressions of sympathy for the Final Solution ( " Thinking over Hitler 's antisemitism , one is forced to admit ... that the Nazis could not have carried their program through ... without clearing the Jews out of Germany . " ) , or at Mencken 's insistance that " the Negro , no matter how much he is educated , must remain , as a race , in a condition of subservience [ to ] the stronger and more intelligent white man " .
What keeps these people from real evil is not much more than fastidiousness : they do n't like to dirty themselves with mere politics .
Nonetheless , they 're some of the few people we 've met in our survey who can mount a substantial and consistent , if unattractive , case against liberalism .
The usual consie has to argue against liberal solutions on liberal grounds : e.g. affirmative action is bad because it does n't treat all races equally ; gays are really demanding " special rights " .
The antidemocrat can argue more directly : he does n't believe in equality .
The leaders discussed free markets and global financial reform Prime Minister Gordon Brown has called for greater collaboration on trade between the UK and China .
Speaking after Downing Street talks with Chinese counterpart Wen Jiabao , Mr Brown said they shared a determination to reverse the economic downturn .
Mr Wen said " concerted efforts " were needed to " address the common challenges that we face " .
Later , a protester threw a shoe at Mr Wen while he was giving a speech at Cambridge University .
Reuters reported that the shoe landed about a metre from Mr Wen .
It added that the protester , reported to be a young man , shouted " how can the university prostrate itself with this dictator ? "
The BBC's Angus Crawford said the protester was taken away by police while AFP reported that fellow members of the audience shouted " shame on you " as he was escorted out of the auditorium .
The first two days of Mr Wen 's three - day UK visit were met by protests over human rights abuses in China and Tibet .
' Determination ' Mr Wen told a Downing Street press conference that the economic crisis showed the " dangers of a totally unregulated market " .
He added : " Only by working together , only by making a concerted effort , can we address the common challenges we face . "
Mr Brown said : " My personal priority is securing and protecting the jobs of British workers in this country . "
He added that he and Mr Wen shared a " determination that we can work together to solve the global economic problems " .
Earlier , the two leaders addressed the Institute of Directors in London .
Mr Wen said : " Confidence is very important .
With confidence business people are able to invest .
" With confidence , people are able to spend and with confidence we have the source of strength and power to tide us over the difficulties and meet the challenges that we are faced with .
" Pessimism and complaints will get us nowhere . "
We know from previous downturns that a retreat to narrow , short - term protectionist policies would only serve to deepen the global recession
Gordon Brown Mr Brown said the 4 trillion yuan ( £ 400 bn ) fiscal stimulus announced by the Beijing authorities in November would help British exports to China , particularly in low - carbon technologies .
He added : " I look forward to seeing further progress , with new contracts being signed and new opportunities emerging for our businesses , especially in key sectors where greater collaboration can increase two - way trade . "
Mr Brown said : " I believe that there is much scope for trade and investment to expand between our two countries even in these most difficult of times for the global economy .
" The strength of the relationship between China and Britain will be a pivotal force in helping us through the downturn and a powerful driving force behind our future growth and prosperity .
" We know from previous downturns that a retreat to narrow , short - term protectionist policies would only serve to deepen the global recession and we must not and will not allow that to happen again . "
Five people were arrested on Sunday after trying to approach Mr Wen , who was booed as he travelled around London .
However , he was also greeted by supporters as he toured Chinatown and attended a dinner at the Natural History Museum .
Mr Wen also met Conservative leader David Cameron for 45 minutes on Sunday to talk about topics including the economic crisis and fighting climate change .
Mr Cameron raised human rights issues with the Chinese leader and emphasised the importance of " greater participation " in Beijing 's political process .
Mr Wen 's European tour includes visits to Germany , Spain , and Brussels .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Living in Las Vegas appeals more to men than women .
Affluent adults are twice as likely as poorer folks to want to live in Boston .
Young people like big cities such as New York and Los Angeles .
More Americans would rather live in a place with more McDonald 's than one with more Starbucks .
Those are some of the findings of a Pew Research Center survey out today on where Americans would most like to live .
Whether they favor cities , suburbs or the countryside , almost half wish they lived somewhere else , the report found .
City dwellers are more likely to dream of living somewhere else , and men in rural areas are far happier living there than women .
" There are some more fundamental differences between men and women , " says Rich Morin , senior editor of the Pew Research Center survey .
" Different cities seem to appeal to different partisan ideological groups .
…
People who are drawn to cities are typically younger people . "
Denver , San Diego and Seattle are the top picks of the 30 largest metropolitan areas .
Denver is the favorite city among Republicans , and it also rates well with Democrats and independents .
" It 's a city that ranks high on most of the lists , " Morin says .
" It 's a new city , a growing city , a younger city on what most people would perceive as the doorstep of God 's country — the Rocky Mountains . "
The telephone survey of 2,260 adults conducted in October uncovers new attitudes and confirms age - old trends , including gaps in age , gender and political ideology :
• In addition to Denver , favorite cities among Republicans are Phoenix , Orlando and San Antonio .
Half of all liberals would like to live in San Francisco , more than double the share of conservatives .
San Diego , once a bastion of conservatism , appeals to Democrats , liberals and moderates .
" Good weather and the beach triumphs over ideology , " Morin says .
• The West and South are more enticing regions than the Northeast and Midwest .
• 46 % would prefer to live in a different type of community from the one they now reside .
Adults 50 to 64 who live in cities are the least likely to say they live in the ideal place ; two - thirds of those in that age group who live in the country say they could n't imagine living anywhere else .
• Young people are the opposite : 57 % of urban dwellers younger than 30 say the city is where they want to live .
' I love it here '
When Joe Higginbotham goes to town , he never runs into traffic jams .
He never has to circle to find a parking spot .
And he never has to worry about safety .
" I can park my car in the street , get out , leave the keys in the ignition , " says Higginbotham , 57 , a retired instrument engineer for a large paper company .
He runs errands at the bank , store and post office and makes a stop at the local saloon and " nobody bothers anything .
… I love it here . "
What Higginbotham calls " his little piece of heaven " is Palisade , Colo. , 15 miles east of Grand Junction .
Population : 2,793 .
Traffic light : one .
Higginbotham is among the 52 % of Americans who are happy where they are , according to the Pew survey .
When Higginbotham sits on the deck of the barn - styled home he built in the middle of a pear orchard , he has no doubt he is where he wants to be .
" Happily divorced " and his kids grown , he is thrilled with the laid - back lifestyle in a small town .
Yet he is 20 minutes from an airport and a mall and within 2 miles of nine wineries .
He has one request : " Just do n't tell the Californians . "
City dwellers want out
" City residents disproportionately are more likely than people living in other types of communities to say they would prefer to live in a place other than a city , " Morin says .
" Fewer than half of all city residents say there is no better place to live than in a city . "
A smaller proportion of women express the desire to live in the nation 's largest cities .
" Women are less drawn to big cities , " says Robert Lang , co-director of the Metropolitan Institute at Virginia Tech .
" It could be safety . "
Wanting to live outside cities does n't necessarily mean people reject urban lifestyles , however .
The appeal of developments with an urban flair — ones that combine housing , stores and offices in a neighborhood setting — is growing .
Brianna
Fahey lives in a city the survey says an overwhelming majority of Americans would prefer not to live in : Cincinnati .
Like many other large Midwestern and Northeastern cities , Cincinnati ranks near the bottom on people 's lists of ideal spots .
For Fahey , 30 , Cincinnati is truly home .
She grew up in North College Hill , a suburb where her parents and friends still live , but bought a downtown condo after college .
She gets by without a car in a city that has few mass transit options .
" I like the self - sufficiency of the city , " she says .
" It 's a good place to be in all stages of life . "
READERS : Do you like where you live ?
Where would you live if you could ?
People walk by the Merrill Lynch building in New York September 15 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Chip East
( Reuters ) - Merrill Lynch & Co ’s 10 highest - paid employees got a total of $ 209 million in cash and stock in 2008 , up slightly from $ 201 million they received a year earlier , the Wall Street Journal said , citing reviewed figures .
Andrea Orcel , the firm ’s top investment banker , was paid $ 33.8 million in cash and stock in 2008 , the paper said .
New York ’s Attorney General Andrew Cuomo has been investigating whether billions paid in executive bonuses at Merrill Lynch ahead of its takeover by Bank of America were sanctioned by the Charlotte , North Carolina - based bank .
Eleven top executives were paid more than $ 10 million in cash and stock last year , the paper said , citing people familiar with the situation .
Another 149 received $ 3 million or more , the paper said .
The stock awards , which accounted for much of the compensation , have fallen sharply in value since they were made last year , according to the paper .
Much of the 2008 pay came from bonuses , since base salaries for top Merrill executives generally ranged from $ 200,000 to $ 750,000 , the paper said .
Information reviewed by the Journal showed that some traders and investment bankers faced only small pay cuts last year , even though the Merrill units they ran posted significant losses .
Merrill could not be immediately reached for comment by Reuters .
Cuomo said last week that BofA Chief Executive Kenneth Lewis and former Merrill Lynch Chief Executive John
Thain have obstructed and interfered with his probe into the bonuses .
A New York man claims a psychic he met online who was supposed to tell his fortune instead scammed him of $ 250,000 amid promises of creating an anti-negativity gold statue .
In a lawsuit filed today in Superior Court in Morristown , Charles Silveira , 38 , of Seaford , Long Island , names as defendant Ava T. Miller , 32 , a psychic he met online and who lives in Mendham , Morris County .
The ruse began in July 2007 and lasted through March 2008 .
Silveira allegedly paid vast sums of cash to Miller , and even bought her a home in Mendham , the lawsuit states .
In one instance , Miller claimed she needed $ 170,000 from Silveira to buy gold so she could make a gold statue for him " to ward off negativity , " the lawsuit states .
Asked why he would continue plunking down large sums of cash , Silveira 's attorney , Michael Mark of Union , said in telephone interview , " I suspect he was one of those persons who thought he could secure some psychic assistance .
She gave him positive feedback for him to believe in her representations of what she was saying . "
Miller could not be reached for comment .
Silveira met Miller through the website Keen.com , at which she was known as " Pamela 27 , " and paid to have telephone calls with her , the lawsuit states .
In September 2007 , Miller told Silveira that his case was " a major one , " and she needed to remove herself from keen.com -- her only source of income -- to concentrate solely on him , the lawsuit alleges .
The operators of keen.com are not named as a defendant in the lawsuit .
Silveira gave Miller thousands of dollars over a period of several months , funds she allegedly used for a trip to Florida , which she claimed was necessary to perform specific psychic rituals , as well as to buy gold for a statue " to ward off the negativity in his life , " the lawsuit claims .
Some of the payments were made via transactions with Miller 's daughter at the Short Hills Mall , according to the lawsuit .
In all , Silveira paid $ 247,850 and never received the statue , according to the lawsuit .
Silveira also bought more than $ 5,000 in Chanel purses for Miller as a gift for her sacrifice of giving up the keen.com work , according to the lawsuit .
In March 2008 , Miller convinced Silveira to buy her a home in Mendham , the lawsuit states .
Miller allegedly claimed " she loved him and wanted to be with him , and that they would live together " there , according to the lawsuit .
Miller moved into the Maple Avenue home on April 2008 and still lives there , the lawsuit states .
Silveira , who is single , remains in New York , Mark said .
Mark declined to divulge Silveira 's occupation .
The lawsuit seeks a judgment of $ 247,850 from Miller , unspecified compensatory and punitive damages , a court order removing Miller and her daughter from the home and an order barring Miller from disposing , selling or transferring any of Silveira 's assets .
Written by Paulmichael
So you may have already seen a few commercials on television for the upcoming film “ Watchmen , ” or even read a few articles about it online or in print elsewhere .
But get ready for an onslaught of advertisement soon in your Home .
I speak of course of PlayStation Home , and there are some pretty interesting facts about this advertising campaign that really could only be done this way .
So you can already view trailers of the film in Home .
But come February 27th , you ’ll also be able to buy various related articles of clothing , costumes , and my favorite - sounding , a doomsday clock .
That ’s not all .
On March 6th , Paramount Pictures will hold a first - ever filmmaker Q&A session from within Home .
Special guest “ speakers ” will include director Zack Snyder and graphic novel artist Dave Gibbons .
To ensure no rabid fans or other unsavory characters will interrupt the event , it has been limited to 10 people by invitation only .
However , it will be streamed live on the internet so we can all watch .
So , who else wants a doomsday clock ?
[ Source ]
Soon after President Kennedy imposed a trade blockade on Castro's Cuba , the British firm Leyland sold Havana fleets of buses in a multi-million pound deal , recently unearthed papers reveal .
Reporter Mike Thomson investigates claims of sabotage , after the buses sank to the bottom of the Thames following a mysterious collision with a Japanese tanker .
It was ironic that , last week , while the BBC was refusing to show an appeal for aid to the victims of Israeli bombing in Gaza , on the grounds that this might breach its charter obligation to be impartial , a rather less publicised row was raging over Newsnight 's doctoring of film of President Obama 's inaugural speech , which was used to support yet another of its items promoting the warming scare .
Clips from the speech were spliced together to convey a considerably stronger impression of what Obama had said on global warming than his very careful wording justified .
While that may have been unprofessional enough , the rest of the item , by Newsnight 's science editor , Susan Watts , was even more bizarre .
It was no more than a paean of gratitude that we now at last have a president prepared to listen to the " science " on climate change , after the dark age of religious obscurantism personified by President Bush .
Yet another proposal for Haskell – the ever growing language March 22 , 2009
What Do You Want ?
There ’s a Haskell extension for that
We have a pure , lazy , statically typed programming language .
What should we do with it ?
Systems Haskell ?
Sure !
Lets also add open type functions , for correctness and extra cool points !
And while we are playing with correctness , how about invariants !
If this has n’t added plenty of new keywords / syntax then we ’ll throw on class aliases .
How About A Proposal Without More Syntax ?
All of the above are powerful and useful – but they make the language harder to learn as well .
This proposal does not add any power to the language but removes a basic restriction ( unless you ’re writing the compiler ) .
Perhaps the most common complaint from new Haskell programmers is the inabillity to overlap data field names :
data Person =
Per { name :: String , age :: Int } data Pet =
Pet {name :: String , age :: Float } | Rock
The proposal is simply to allow this – but how ?
Right now , fields of different types with the same name must be in different modules so the fully qualified functions are , well , different ( and well typed ) .
Instead , lets treat fields as sugar for a hidden type class .
I say ‘ hidden ’ because the programmer would not have access to it ; the class exists only in an intermediate representation .
Typically the field selector is a monomorphic funciton “ name :: Person -> String ” and can not addiitonally be “ name :: Pet -> String ” but it is proposed that the type be “ name :: ( NameField n a ) => n -> a “ .
The above example would have an intermediate representation of :
data Person = Per String Int data Pet = Pet String Float | Rock class NameField n a where name :: n -> a class AgeField n a where age :: n -> a instance NameField Person String where name ( Per n _ ) = n instance AgeField Person
Int where age ( Per _ a ) = a instance NameField Pet String where name ( Pet n _ ) = n name Rock = error " No field ' name ' for constructor ' Rock ' of type ' Pet ' " instance AgeField Pet Float where age ( Ped _ a ) = a age Rock = error " No field ' age ' for constructor ' Rock ' of type ' Pet ' "
In other words , fields would be a concise way to define a type class and instances for the given data type .
Remaining Monomorphic
Remaining monomorphic with respect to these classes is desireable in this case 1 ) to avoid extra dictionaries 2 ) because the programmer has no access to the hidden typeclasses and cannot specify complex types such as sumAges :: ( Num a , Age Field n a ) = > [ n ] -> a .
So how do we reasonably respond when someone writes a function hoping to get the hidden - typeclass polymophism inferred ?
While non-ideal , I propose this be rejected with an Ambiguous Type message .
Its worth noting that to make a sumAges function requires an explicit type class and instances – which is no more than what is currently required .
Debugging
On IRC someone mentioned this would make the debugging messages ugly .
We should n’t complain to the developer about type classes that do n’t appear in the source code .
func :: Int ->
Int func i = age i ...
No instance for ( AgeField Int Int ) arising from a use of `age ' at [...]
Possible fix : add an instance declaration for ( AgeField Int Int )
But this is n’t that bad .
What we currently get when abusing fields is :
Could n't match expected type ` Person ' against inferred type `[ ... ]'
By keeping an extra bit of information , marking each field selector function , we could probably produce an even better error message :
Inferred type `[ ... ]' does not have field selector `age '
In the first argument [...]
In the expression [...]
In the definition [...]
By Andrew Liszewski
I think “ whoa ! ” is the only response you can really have when you first see this amazing dodecahedral puzzle created by Jason Smith of PuzzleForge.com .
While the original design was created by Andrew Cormier , the completed Petaminx puzzle you see above was cast and hand - assembled by Jason , who clearly has the patience of a saint .
So what goes into a masterpiece like this ?
All - in - all there are 975 individual parts not including the 1,212 stickers that each had to be placed by hand , one at a time .
Overall the Petaminx took about 75 hours to complete including the molding process , cleaning the parts , assembly and finish , but as you can see in the video below , it only takes about a minute to royally screw the thing up .
[ PuzzleForge – The Making of The Petaminx ] VIA [ MAKE : Blog ]
Calls for a ceasefire continued as the conflict entered its fifth day The UK has pledged some £ 6.9 m in emergency aid to Gaza as international calls continue for a ceasefire in the conflict , now into its fifth day .
Ministers said food , fuel and medicine were " desperately needed " and aid agencies must have unrestricted access .
Save The Children UK has appealed for £ 6.8 m in public donations , saying the risk of malnutrition is growing .
Four days of Israeli air strikes have left hundreds dead , and rocket attacks from Gaza have killed several Israelis .
' Human suffering '
Israel has rejected calls for a 48 - hour halt to its military action while it continues to come under attack itself from militants in Gaza .
Its government has said it would do " everything it could " to ensure civilians in Gaza get humanitarian aid , including opening border crossings closed during the recent blockade to allow supplies in .
Both EU and UN have called for an end to the violence while the US has said the onus is on Hamas , the militant group which controls the Gaza Strip , to commit to a truce .
The humanitarian situation is getting worse by the day
Douglas Alexander
Protests continue in London Announcing the £ 6.9 m ( $ 10 m ) pledge of emergency aid , International Development Secretary Douglas Alexander said the humanitarian situation in Gaza was fast deteriorating .
" We are keen to get aid into Gaza because that aid is desperately needed , " he told the BBC Radio 4 's Today programme .
" The humanitarian situation is getting worse by the day . "
Mr Alexander said the UK was urging the Israeli authorities to give aid agencies " unfettered access " to Gaza to help those in need .
" We want to see a greater level of access because the level of human suffering behind the conflict is growing daily , " he said .
The UN says it has been unable to deliver aid for the past two weeks and although 100 trucks carrying humanitarian relief did make it into Gaza on Tuesday , these supplies would only last for a matter of days .
Launching its appeal , Save The Children said it had been unable to distribute more than 1,000 food parcels currently stocked in Gaza because it was not safe for its workers .
" We are working to stockpile supplies so that as soon as there is a break in the air strikes , we can deliver the vital aid , " said spokesman Osama Damo .
' Ineffective ' Mr Alexander reiterated calls for a permanent ceasefire and said the UK was " highly engaged " , along with the US and its Middle East partners , in trying to bring the conflict to an end .
However , UK and EU efforts to mediate a ceasefire have been attacked in some quarters as ineffective .
The Liberal Democrats said EU leaders needed to " ratchet up " the diplomatic pressure on both Israel and Hamas to end the bloodshed .
" Calls for a ceasefire in Gaza will have to be backed up with real pressure if they are going to have any effect , " said Ed Davey , the party 's foreign affairs spokesman .
Further protests against Israeli actions are due on Saturday He said the current situation risked " echoing the mistakes of the 2006 Lebanon war " in which more than 1,120 Lebanese and 150 Israelis died during a month - long conflict .
Meanwhile , a coalition of 20 Muslim and non-Muslim groups has said it will hold a demonstration in London on Saturday against what it calls Israel 's " barbaric attacks " .
Seventeen people were arrested during protests outside the Israeli Embassy in London on Sunday and Monday .
A 48 - hour truce , which would allow humanitarian relief into Gaza , was initially proposed by French foreign minister Bernard Kouchner .
Five days of rocket attacks and retaliatory air strikes have left more than 370 Palestinians and four Israelis dead .
Israel has said it is ready for " long weeks of action " to stamp out rocket attacks from Gaza , saying these attacks on Israeli territory present a fundamental threat to the nation 's security .
The strikes began days after a six - month ceasefire deal between Israel and Hamas expired .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
ICGI calls upon the American Academy of Pediatrics ( AAP ) and the Centers for Disease Control ( CDC ) to issue new warnings to parents about the harms of neonatal circumcision follwoing a $ 2.3 million lawsuit settlement awarded Friday to a Georgia boy who lost his glans from a routine circumcision in 2006 .
“ Newborn boys are harmed and maimed every day from unnecessary circumcision .
Some will fall victim to a surgical mishap like this Georgia boy , others will contract the deadly “ super - bug ” MRSA , some will hemorrhage , all will experience sexual loss , and about 120 infants will die every year .
Parents need to know that the complication rate is much higher than they are being lead to believe . ” says Dan Bollinger , Executive Director of ICGI .
“ This case was for damages from the ‘ botched ’ circumcsion where one - third of his glans was accidently removed .
ICGI believes that the boy ( and every other boy ) should be awarded damages for the removal of their foreskins , too .
The foreskin is a protective part of the penis having four - times the sensitivity of the glans . ”
This is part of a larger issue .
A small group of physicians are working overtime to substantiate their claim that circumcision is beneficial , while other physicians and the public ignore the daily screams from 3,000 boys being subjected to an unnecessary and painful surgery .
Recent headlines and statements from the CDC and AAP officials have focused on studies out of Africa on adult males that report reductions in HIV and some STDs from circumcision .
“ Taking studies out of Africa and applying them to American newborn boys is fraught with problems , ” says John Travis , MD , medical advisor for ICGI .
“ America has the highest rate of neonatal medical circumcision AND the highest rate of HIV and STDs in the industrialized world .
Clearly , circumcision has not worked here .
It is socially irresponsible to suggest to Americans that circumcision prevents HIV and STDs .
This is the wrong message to send . ”
“ It is unethical to subject newborns to the immediate risks of circumcision for a potential benefit , if any , 15 - 20 years from now , when better prevention methods for HIV and STDs already exist , ” concludes Bollinger .
A new engineer was hired for our team ; he managed to get the project running in our IDE in less than a day which immediately told us he had at least half a clue .
Asked to get him started , I figured a simple report page we needed for our customer was a good way to introduce him to the system .
It was a simple report showing all the teachers in a school and their classrooms .
The next day he checked in and let me know it was done .
Impressed , I ran the report .
It worked beautifully .
It ran under different users , took multiple parameters beyond the original scope , and had good error messages when there was a problem .
This guy knew what he was doing .
I decided to look under the hood .
Code was fantastic , well formatted , and even concise informative comments , but he used very truncated variable names , and I realized I had forgotten to mention our coding standards document .
I did n’t really care about this since it was such a basic report ( it was just a web page with very basic formatting ) , but then I noticed it .
Very subtle because of the case usage on the abbreviation of the second word , but I realized I could n't pass this code on to our customer :
// Get all teachers
for ( Iterator tIt = al. Iterator ( ) ; tIt.hasNext ( ) ;)
{
tchr = ( Teacher ) tIt.next ( )
…
// Get the teacher 's classrooms
for ( Iterator clIt = tchr.getClassrooms().iterator ; clIt.hasNext ( ) ;)
{
clrm = ( Classroom ) clIt.next ( ) ;
...
}
}
This was quite some years ago ; he is still with us and follows the standards doc to the letter .
April 3rd , 2009 ( 09:32 pm )
I 'm writing this at work , so do n't expect it to make too much sense .
There was another flurry of blog posts about writing generic traversals over types of the following general form :
data List a f = Nil |
Cons a f newtype Mu f = InF { outF :: f ( Mu f ) }
data Vec a n where Nil :: Vec a 0 Cons a ( Vec a m ) :: Vec a ( m+1 )
data Mu where InF : ( k:**) -\\> ( f : * -> k ) -\> f ( Mu f ) ->
Mu f
mu f : ( k:**) -\> ( k -> k ) -> k mu f = f ( mu f )
mu f = f ( Wrap ( mu f ) )
These are really neat .
But ... Haskell does n't directly support this .
Sure , you could write all your types in this really weird style , and you could even create some Template Haskell code to automatically generate all the smart constructors to make it usable .
You could probably write a bunch of clever template code to handle GADTs .
Okay , so how about dependent types ?
The sample type ( making up syntax as I go ) is :
It should be clear that we can't replace the fully applied type ; we have to replace Vec .
But that can't be done by Mu , because Mu wants something of kind * -> * , but the modified Vec has kind * --> * --> * --> *.
If the extra parameter is added up front , we can use kind - level polymorphism .
but that does n't work , because f ( Mu f ) is n't inhabited unless its kind is *.
Declaring the result to be of kind k would n't fix it either .
Okay , let 's try type - level functions .
This works , but only if I admit infinite types .
A quick modification should fix it .
But now I do n't know how to define Wrap !
[ Reihana Mohideen , a representative of the Power of the Masses Party ( Partido Lakas ng Masa ) , will be a featured guest at the World at a Crossroads conference , to be held in Sydney , Australia , on April 10 - 12 , 2009 , organised by the Democratic Socialist Perspective , Resistance and Green Left Weekly .
Visit http://www.worldATACrossroads.org for full agenda and to book your tickets .
For more information about the Partido Lakas ng Masa , click HERE . ]
By Peter Boyle
Bulacan , Philippines , February 1 , 2009 – " We are the bat people , the people who live under bridges in Manila " , explained urban poor organiser Ka Lisa as she took a small group of international observers around a section of an urban poor relocation settlement in Bulacan , about 60 kilometres north of Manila .
Since 2002 , entire communities of urban poor people have been forcibly relocated to Bulacan from their " squatter " shanty homes in Manila to make way for never - to - be- completed rail and road developments ordered by the corrupt government of President Gloria Arroyo .
These projects are publicly derided as " the most expensive road / railway line in the world " as they cost millions of pesos to progress just a few metres because of systematic graft in major government contracts .
The relocation of urban poor people evicted from Manila has become a further source of corruption .
" This is a privately owned relocation project " , explained Ka Lisa .
" The government collects the rent from us and pays it to the private owner . "
" And if we want anything done , even basic services , we have to bribe officials " , she added .
Back in Manila , the urban poor scrape a living sorting rubbish ( many live on or near rubbish tips ) , or working as casual day labourers or as fisherfolk .
But in Bulacan that is no work and to travel to Manila costs between 100 - 200 pesos when the basic income for labourers is only 300 pesos a day .
The journey to Manila can take up to two hours each way , as we discovered for ourselves .
Manila 's urban poor communities .
Photos by Sue Bolton .
To make things worse , since 2005 the urban refugee communities in Bulacan have faced aggressive military repression .
An army detachment set up in the area and began hunting down community organisers and activists , tagging them " communists " .
Residents were herded into local squares or halls , shown propaganda films about the " communist threat ' ' and urged to identify and turn in their leaders .
Then followed a series of abductions and disappearances of community activists in Bulacan .
A number of youth were picked up and tortured by the military .
Ka Lisa and Ka Sally , another urban poor organiser who spoke to us , were forced to go into hiding until last year .
ZOTO
" We could continue to organise , because the people hid us " , explained Ka Sally , noting that this urban poor community had been one of the longest organised in the country , having founded the Zone One Tondo Organisation ( ZOTO ) , the first ever urban poor organisation in the country .
ZOTO is a federation of 182 urban poor local organisations in 14 relocation sites in Metro Manila and nearby areas .
These relocation sites are Dasmariñas , Bulihan , General Trias , Tanza and GMA , Cavite ; Bagong Silang , Dagat - Dagatan , Tala and Camarin , Caloocan City ; Dagat - Dagatan , Malabon City ; Dagat - Dagatan Navotas ; Tondo , Manila : Sapang Palay , Muzon and Towerville of San Jose Del Monte , Bulacan and Pandacaqui in Pampanga .
The organisation was founded in 1970 at the Tondo Foreshore Land when the residents ' dwellings were to be demolished in favour of an IMF / World Bank funded project – an international port .
At that time , this area was the biggest colony of slum dwellers of informal settlers in Asia .
Warding off eviction after eviction and rebuilding lives and homes in the relocation sites , ZOTO continues , in its third decade of activity , to struggle for a community of economically and politically empowered citizens who are accorded their due dignity , who foster gender equality and democracy and live in a healthy and bountiful environment .
Partido Lakas ng Masa
Ka Sally and Ka Lisa are leaders of the urban poor base of the newly formed Power of the Masses Party ( Partido Lakas ng Masa -- PLM ) and they proudly announced that they had already joined up 978 members of this settlement of about 10,000 families .
ZOTO is a founding affiliate organisation of the PLM , the party 's PLM vice - chair for international affairs Reihana Mohideen explained .
" The PLM 's urban poor base is 150,000 .
Mostly in Metro Manila , this comprises about half the new party 's base .
The urban poor population in Metro Manila is at least two - thirds of the urban population .
They live in shanty town - like slums and are commonly known as ' squatters ' as they have no legal rights to the land they occupy .
" However , an increasing number today are those whose dwellings have been demolished or destroyed due to fires , etc. , and are now residing under bridges and in the streets outside the established and generally organised urban poor communities .
" We consider the urban poor to be a part of the working class .
Their main demands are for housing and for jobs .
Many of the immediate struggles are against demolition and forcible relocation of their communities .
Given that the trade unions have suffered terrible setbacks and even defeats owing to the onslaught of neoliberal globalisation in the past decades , the urban poor have been easier to mobilise in struggle in the recent period .
We consider the urban poor to be a strategic section of the working class in the struggle against elite rule and for system change in the Philippines . "
[ Peter Boyle is national secretary of the Democratic Socialist Perspective and attended the PLM congress as an international observer . ]
* Cheney , Bush clashed on pardon for ex-White House aide
* Cheney says Obama policies make U.S. " less safe "
WASHINGTON , March 15 ( Reuters ) - Former Vice President Dick Cheney said on Sunday he was unhappy with then - President George W. Bush 's refusal to pardon Lewis " Scooter " Libby , Cheney 's onetime chief of staff who was convicted in the CIA leak case .
" I was clearly not happy that we , in effect , left Scooter sort of hanging in the wind , " Cheney said in an interview on CNN's " State of the Union with John King . "
He acknowledged a " fundamental difference of opinion " with Bush on the matter .
A federal jury in Washington convicted Libby of lying and obstructing an investigation into who blew the cover of CIA officer Valerie Plame , whose husband , former Ambassador Joseph Wilson , had criticized the Iraq war .
Bush earlier commuted Libby 's 2 - 1/2 - year prison sentence but before leaving office in January , Bush refused to give Libby an outright pardon .
Cheney said Libby had been unjustly accused and deserved a pardon but Bush disagreed .
It was one of the few areas that Cheney has publicly said he disagreed with Bush on during their eight years in the White House .
In other comments , Cheney continued his criticism of President Barack Obama 's national security policies , saying they " raise the risk to the American people of another attack . "
In one of his first acts after taking office , Obama vowed to close the U.S. military prison at Guantanamo Bay in Cuba within a year .
It now holds about 240 terrorism suspects .
He also ordered more humane treatment for terrorism suspects and an end to renditions , the practice of transporting foreign detainees to other countries for interrogation .
On Friday , the Obama administration said it would no longer use the Bush - era term of " enemy combatant " for the Guantanamo detainees and it rejected Bush 's position that the president alone can order the suspects be held indefinitely without charge .
Cheney defended the policies adopted by the Bush administration in the war on terrorism as being done legally and in accordance with U.S. " constitutional practices and principles . "
" I think those programs were absolutely essential to the success we enjoyed of being able to collect the intelligence that let us defeat all further attempts to launch attacks against the United States since 9/11 , " he said .
( Editing by Bill Trott )
Reddit Email 1 Shares
Jeff Stein of CQ.com reported on Sunday evening that the National Security Agency had picked up a telephone conversation by Representative Jane Harman ( D - CA ) with a suspected spy for Israel .
It is alleged that in the conversation , the spy urged Harman to intervene to stop the prosecution for espionage of Steven Rosen and Keith Weissman , two career lobbyists for the American Israel Public Affairs Committee who headed up its Middle East bureau .
The Israeli agent promised to lobby Pelosi to get Harman the chairmanship of the House Intelligence committee , but appears to have gone too far in doing so .
You see , for someone to call Harman and ask her to weigh in with the Justice Department on behalf of Rosen and Weissman is not illegal .
But once she was offered a position , the conversation was suddenly about a bribe .
At that point she is said to have hung up after asserting “ This conversation never happened . ”
However , the hang - up was not a sign that she was uninterested in the proffered deal .
Israel lobbies did fundraising for Nancy Pelosi in 2006 in hopes of getting Harman the chairmanship .
( Note that an intelligence operative is a “ field officer , ” while an “ agent ” is the local person that is recruited to do things for the field officer .
Thus , an American run by Mossad would be an Israeli “ agent ” despite his or her nationality , just as an American run by Russian intelligence , FSB , would be a Russian agent . )
Two things here .
It should be remembered that this whole affair has been about getting up a war on Iran .
That was the point of Franklin leaking to Rosen and Weissman in the first place .
Someone should go back through Harman ’s statements on Iran .
Second , the transcript should be released and if it is as alleged , Harman must resign .
Congress declares wars or implicitly authorizes them .
American soldiers have a right to know that the representatives who send them to war are doing so on behalf of US interests .
And that congressional intelligence reports are not plants by a foreign intelligence service .
Let us just stop and review what is being alleged , and to underline what it means for US security and policy .
The US is spied on , and a classified Pentagon document is passed to the Israeli embassy by AIPAC officials .
They are caught because the FBI had them under surveillance .
Apparently the FBI is one of the few US government institutions that is not corrupt on the issue of foreign influence on US institutions and policy .
Then when the two AIPAC spies are indicted , a Mossad agent attempts to derail the prosecution by suborning a member of Congress and promising her the chairmanship of the Intelligence Committee .
Harman is denying it all , of course .
But then so did Rosen and Weissman deny it all ( or allege that the lack of a US official secrets act means that their passing of a classified Pentagon document to a Mossad agent was not in fact treason or illegal ) .
Harman ’s denial is clever , since the NSA wiretap is presumably classified , and so she ca n’t be contradicted until the document is released .
End / ( Not Continued )
To cope with the food crisis , poor families often buy less food and less nutritious food .
A WFP study shows that this brings a major health risk for children .
Amid the food and financial crises , many poor families in Central America reduce their spending by buying less food and choosing less nutritious food .
In El Salvador , for example , WFP estimates 87 % of poor households have reduced the quantity and quality of food consumed as a result of the increase in food prices .
The reduction in the quality of food is causing a major health risk for children , according to a WFP study entitled " Rises in Prices , Markets and Food and Nutritional Insecurity in Central America " ( October 2008 ) .
The study highlights the risks that the urban poor , food producers , poor labourers and the rural poor face as a result of the current food crisis .
Those especially at risk are children under the age of five , pregnant women , and breast feeding mothers , the study says .
Costs began to rise
Midway through 2007 , the cost of the household basket began to rise , triggering economic vulnerability and food insecurity among the population affected by poverty .
According to the President of the World Bank , Robert Zoellick , this is a drawback in the fight against poverty , possibly " seven years lost " in the on - going fight .
Despite the fact that in the last months the food and oil prices have fallen considerably , they still remain substantially higher than when the crisis began .
A reduction in prices in the international market does not necessarily result in an immediate reduction of prices in the local markets .
In El Salvador , the cost of the household basket has increased by 20 % in urban areas and 27 % in rural areas between January 2007 and August 2008 .
According to the Statistics and Census Bureau ( DIGESTYC , January 2009 ) the cost of the household basket in 2009 was 18 % higher in urban areas and 22 % higher in rural areas when compared to prices in January 2007 .
Falling remittances
In addition to the food crisis , the economic crisis in the United States is affecting El Salvador by reducing the flow of remittances sent by more than one million Salvadoran immigrants living in the US .
Remittances make up 18 % of El Salvador 's GDP , a net worth equivalent to 80 % of the value of its exports .
Not only does this reduction of remittances reduce the purchasing power of Salvadoran families but it also jeopardizes the families ' investment in the future education of their children .
WFP has requested additional support from the donor community for its humanitarian programmes as well as for the local social protection programmes , such as the school feeding programme , which are essential tools in the fight against hunger and undernutrition .
Safety nets critical
Pedro Medrano , the WFP Regional Director for Latin America and the Caribbean , says the region , much like the rest of the world , is at a critical crossroads as far as the most vulnerable populations are concerned .
" It would be a serious mistake if the current financial crisis were to translate into fewer funds ( for social protection and safety net programmes ) to face the already critical situation " , he said .
Article submitted by Vadim Kurland .
Guess what ?
We still need you to submit good articles about software you like !
Firewall Builder is available from the libfwbuilder and fwbuilder packages in both Debian and Ubuntu in Universe .
Packages for the current development builds are available from the project download area on SourceForge .
Eveyone knows about netfilter / iptables , a powerful firewall framework and command line tool that is part of every Linux distribution .
Unfortunately , managing a security policy with it remains a non-trivial task for several reasons .
Partially this is because of the complex syntax of the command line interface and the vast amount of available options and parameters .
Another reason is that the administrator has to understand the internal path of the packet inside the Linux kernel and its interaction with different parts of netfilter in order to build rules correctly .
This is not a specific problem of iptables though , other popular Open Source firewall platforms , such as OpenBSD PF , ipfilter and ipfw present similar challenges .
What is needed is a tool that lets an administrator define the security policy on a higher level of abstraction and hide the internal structure of the target firewall platform .
For example , such a tool should decide which iptables chain is right for each generated iptables rule automatically , without the administrator ’s input .
It should also pick the right iptables targets for both policy and NAT rules as well as properly use most popular iptables modules , all automatically .
Such tool should also implement best practices in policy design and help administrator deploy and activate generated policy on the firewall .
Firewall Builder does just that .
Introduction
Firewall Builder is a GUI firewall configuration and management tool that supports iptables ( netfilter ) , ipfilter , pf , ipfw , Cisco PIX ( FWSM , ASA ) and Cisco routers extended access lists .
It presents all supported firewalls to the administrator in terms of unified abstract firewall that takes the best features from all of them and hides their specifics and inconveniences .
Firewall Builder is more complex than many basic firewall configuration GUIs such as Firestarter , but on the other hand one can build very complex policies with Firewall Builder and fully utilize flexibility and power of iptables and other supported firewalls .
The general idea should be familiar to anyone who has ever worked with commercial firewall management systems .
All configuration management operations can be performed from one central place : the Firewall Builder GUI .
You create and manage collection of objects that describe network addresses , hosts and firewalls , as well as services , and then build firewall policy and NAT rules using these objects .
Policy rules are defined in terms of “ Source ” and “ Destination ” addresses and “ Service ” and can have additional parameters such as interface association , direction , time interval and optional platform - dependent attributes .
NAT rules are defined by addresses and services before and after translation .
Rules are built with simple drag and drop operations and then firewall configuration can be generated with one click of a mouse .
In the end , Firewall Builder produces a script or configuration file in the language of the target firewall .
For iptables , it creates shell script that loads iptables rules , while for other platforms it creates a configuration file suitable for them .
This makes it simple to deploy and activate the generated policy and also helps integrate Firewall Builder with existing automation scripts .
The program comes with a collection of over 100 standard objects that can be used to describe popular TCP , UDP and ICMP services .
Firewall Builder implements many best practices in firewall policy design and firewall management procedures .
Here are just a few examples :
It enforces a policy structure that denies all traffic by default and only permits what is necessary .
The administrator can easily define IP address of the management workstation and Firewall Builder will automatically add a rule to ensure that ssh access from it to the firewall is always permitted .
This rule is designed to assure that ssh session over which the installer activates a new policy does not break or hang .
This helps to avoid accidents when errors in the policy rules cut off remote access to the firewall in the middle of an activation , making it impossible to fix the error and causing prolonged network outage .
For Cisco PIX ( ASA ) and IOS access lists , where each access - list commands are immediately activated as they are entered , Firewall Builder can optionally create temporary access lists to ensure uninterrupted ssh access from the management workstation to the firewall for the duration of the policy reload session .
This method provides the best protection against outages caused by loss of contact with the firewall because of errors in policy .
For iptables , Firewall Builder can generate a script using iptables - restore for atomic activation .
If iptables - resore detects an error in the script and refuses to load the policy , script leaves the firewall in the state it was in before .
For other firewall platforms it uses appropriate activation methods to achieve the same goal .
The built - in policy installer supports “ test ” install mode with automatic roll - back .
This is another safety mechanism that helps minimize outages in case of errors in the policy .
These measures are available for all supported systems , such as Linux / iptables , * BSD / pf , Cisco PIX and Cisco IOS .
Quick Tour
The main window of the program includes objects tree on the left ( 1 ) , brief information about object selected in the tree ( 2 ) , current firewall policy view ( 3 ) and a dialog panel where you can edit objects parameters ( 4 ) .
As all Open Source projects , Firewall Builder depends on the user community who provide testing , bug reports and other forms of feedback .
You can file bug reports and feature requests using the bug tracking system .
The mailing list is a great place to ask for help and discuss the program with other users .
This was just a brief introduction to the Firewall Builder package .
If you are interested in the program , you can find more information on the project web site at http://www.fwbuilder.org.
The slideshows Introduction to Firewall Builder 3.0 for the impatient and Getting starter with Firewall Builder can help you get more familiar with the program .
Barely 300 feet separate Fullerton Union High School from a McDonald ’s restaurant on Chapman Avenue .
Researchers say that ’s boosting the odds that its students will be super - sized .
Teens who attend classes within one - tenth of a mile of a fast - food outlet are more likely to be obese than peers whose campuses are located farther from the lure of quarter - pound burgers , fries and shakes .
Those are the findings of a recent study by researchers from UC Berkeley and Columbia University seeking a link between obesity and the easy availability of fast food .
The academics studied body - fat data from more than 1 million California ninth - graders over an eight - year period , focusing on the proximity of the school to well - known chains including McDonald ’s , Burger King , KFC , Taco Bell and Pizza Hut .
Their conclusion : Fast food and young waistlines make lousy neighbors .
Advertisement
The presence of an outlet within easy walking distance of a high school -- about 530 feet or less -- resulted in a 5.2 % increase in the incidence of student obesity compared with the average for California youths , a correlation deemed “ sizable ” according to the findings .
The link vanished when these fast - food joints were located farther from campus , presumably because students could n’t easily reach them .
Nor was it present in schools located near full - service eateries , whose prices and service times do n’t typically match student budgets , tastes or schedules .
“ Fast food offers the most calories per price compared to other restaurants , and that ’s combined with a high temptation factor for students , ” said Stefano DellaVigna , a UC Berkeley economist and one of the paper ’s authors .
The researchers said cities concerned about battling teen obesity should consider banning fast - food restaurants near schools .
Advertisement
At Fullerton Union , one - third of the ninth - graders examined over the eight - year study period were obese .
That compares with a 27 % rate at La Habra High School over the same period .
Located just six miles from Fullerton Union , La Habra
High has similar demographics , but its neighboring fast - food eateries are situated farther from the entrance to its campus .
Fullerton Union ninth - grader Anyea Wilson said she ’s consumed more McDonald ’s fare than ever before since starting at the school last year .
“ I get ice cream , French fries , double cheeseburgers , all that stuff , ” the student said .
“ I know it ’s not very good for you , but I eat it because that is the closest place to school . ”
Sophomore Daniel Bannes is partial to cheeseburgers , fries and what he and his friends call the Hulk , a large drink containing a sugary mix of orange Hi-C and blue Powerade .
Advertisement
Daniel said he had stopped ordering Big Macs because he was worried about the calories ; a single sandwich packs 540 of them .
Still , he likes having McDonald ’s so close .
“ We all hang there after school and kick it , ” Daniel said .
The findings are likely to fuel the debate over what ’s driving America ’s obesity epidemic .
Concerned about growing rates of diabetes and heart disease -- particularly among young people -- state and local governments nationwide are taking aim at fatty , high - calorie foods .
Advertisement
California has been one of the most aggressive .
Students can no longer purchase soda or junk food in Golden State schools .
Some districts wo n’t allow bake sales .
California has banned artery - clogging trans fats , and Los Angeles has a one - year moratorium on new fast - food outlets in a 32 - square - mile area of South L.A .
More than a dozen states and numerous cities are pondering legislation patterned after a new California law forcing chain restaurants to list calorie counts on their menus .
But blaming restaurants for the nation ’s weight problem strikes many as misguided .
Obesity can be a product of a variety of factors , experts say , including genetics , lack of exercise and household nutrition .
Courts have struck down patrons ’ attempts to sue restaurant chains for making them fat .
Not every group living or working in areas where fast food is plentiful experiences a higher incidence of obesity .
The report ’s authors studied weight data for pregnant women , another group for which statistics are easily available .
They found a much smaller correlation between the expectant mothers ’ weight gain and their proximity to the same type of burger , chicken and pizza restaurants .
Advertisement
The high schoolers studied appeared more susceptible to the temptations of fast food .
“ School kids are a captive audience .
They ca n’t go very far from school during lunch , but adults can get in their car and have more choices , ” said Janet Currie of Columbia University , a co-author .
Researchers examined body - fat data taken from the mandatory fitness tests administered to all ninth - graders enrolled in California ’s public schools .
Schools use a variety of methods , including skin - fold calipers .
Using that device , a measure of more than 32 % body fat for ninth - grade girls and more than 25 % for boys is considered obese .
The average is 25 % for girls and 15 % for boys , according to state guidelines .
The tests take place in the spring , giving the students about 30 weeks of exposure to the fast - food restaurants near their campuses before body - fat measures are recorded .
The study looked at data from more than 1,000 public high schools .
About 80 of them had a fast - food establishment within a tenth of a mile of their campuses , a large enough sample to make the findings valid , DellaVigna said .
Advertisement
Latino and female students were the most susceptible to weight gain , according to the study .
At Fullerton Union , students learn about nutrition in health classes , and the school tries to serve healthful fare , said Principal Catherine Gach .
But the school has little control over what happens outside its gates .
Gach said freshmen are n’t supposed to leave campus at lunch , but she admitted that some sneak out from time to time .
Others stop by McDonald ’s before or after school .
The Oak Brook , Ill . - based fast - food giant declined to discuss the issues raised by the study , such as store location and teen obesity , saying only that it offers a variety of food choices .
Advertisement
Taco Bell , another chain mentioned in the study , said that its core market is males 18 to 34 and that it does n’t specifically target kids .
The Irvine - based chain provides customers with nutritional information and a variety of low - fat offerings , said Rob Poetsch , a Taco Bell spokesman .
It ’s also adding calorie information to its menu boards .
The finding that students who are constantly exposed to fast food are more likely to be fat “ should not be a surprise , ” said Brenda Roche , a registered dietitian at UC Cooperative Extension in Los Angeles County .
“ If you put a McDonald ’s in front of a school , kids will eat there , ” she said .
“ Obesity is as much a factor of environment as it is a matter of choice . ”
But there ’s hope for high school students hooked on burgers and fries , said Robert Hemedes , a partially reformed fast - food junkie .
Advertisement
“ Now that I am older and I saw how it can impact the waistline , I no longer order the larger sizes and I make sure to exercise , ” said Hemedes , a human resources worker in Los Angeles .
Last week he ate at McDonald ’s but limited his order to a regular hamburger and small fries .
The $ 2.07 bill fit his budget , he said , “ saving me money so I can go out with my foodie friends to a better restaurant on the weekend . ”
--
jerry.hirsch@latimes.com
Kristin Longley
The Flint Journal
March 31 , 2009
Look in any direction from Bianca Bates ’ north Flint home , and you ’ll see graffiti - covered siding , boarded - up windows and overgrown lots .
[ efoods ]
About half of the homes on her block are burned out or vacant magnets for drug dealers and squatters .
It is n’t where she thought she ’d end up , but it ’s all she can afford to rent .
“ It ’s a dangerous place to live , ” said Bates , 21 , who lives on East Russell Avenue .
“ Everywhere you look , these houses are empty around here . ”
Property abandonment is getting so bad in Flint that some in government are talking about an extreme measure that was once unthinkable — shutting down portions of the city , officially abandoning them and cutting off police and fire service .
Temporary Mayor Michael Brown made the off - the - cuff suggestion Friday in response to a question at a Rotary Club of Flint luncheon about the thousands of empty houses in Flint .
Brown said that as more people abandon homes , eating away at the city ’s tax base and creating more blight , the city might need to examine “ shutting down quadrants of the city where we ( would n’t ) provide services . ”
Read entire article
The Emergency Election Sale is now live !
Get 30 % to 60 % off our most popular products today !
Sing a song !
- http://www.vimeo.com/10159341
Listen to a Paltalk presentation Sam gave in February : http://www.biobees.com/library/?dir=audio
Anarchy Apiaries
Grassroots Beekeeping in the Hudson Valley
TRT : 18 min 20sec
mid July , 2008
This video follows Sam Comfort while he does hive checks and swaps out queen bees from hives at two beeyards in Northern Dutchess county , New York .
You 'll learn a lot !
Filmed by Daniele DeBellis and Rupert of http://www.pollinatethis.org/beeblog
Edited by Rupert
After playing with their pets , dog owners seem to experience a burst in oxytocin – a hormone linked to infant care and romantic love ( Image : Henryk T Kaiser / Rex )
Who needs children when a puppy can provide a similar emotional experience ?
After playing with their pets , dog owners experience a burst in a hormone linked to infant care , not to mention romantic love and friendship , new research finds .
Nicknamed the “ cuddle chemical ” and the “ love drug ” , oxytocin has been found to dampen stress , combat depression , and breed trust in humans .
Studies of voles , mice and rats also point to oxytocin ’s role in pair bonding and social memory .
For this reason , biologists Miho Nagasawa and Takefumi Kikusui , of Azuba University in Japan , wondered whether social contact between two different species could boost oxytocin levels , as well .
Advertisement
“ Miho and I are big dog lovers and feel something changed in our bodies when gazed [ upon ] by our dogs , ” Kikusui says .
Look of love
They recruited 55 dog owners and their pets for a laboratory play session .
Owners provided a urine sample to measure oxytocin levels , and then played with their dog for half an hour .
Another urine test followed .
As a control on another occasion , some owners sat in a room with their dog and were told to completely avoid the gaze of their pets .
Kikusui ’s team videotaped the sessions and measured how long a dog spent eyeing its owner .
Based on the analysis , the researchers split the pairs that were allowed to play into two groups : “ long gaze ” , who locked eyes for an average of 2.5 minutes during the play session , and “ short gaze ” , who made eye contact for fewer than 45 seconds , on average .
They found that these groupings reflected changes in owner ’s oxytocin levels .
In participants that spent a long time making eye contact , oxytocin levels rose by more than 20 % during the play session , on average .
In the control group , owners that avoided their pooches ’ gaze saw their oxytocin levels drop slightly .
Mood enhancers
Kikusui thinks eye contact is a good proxy for the bond between owner and dog .
Long - gaze owners tended to rate their relationship with their pet as more satisfying than short - gaze owners .
And even when instructed to avoid eye contact during the control session , these owners experienced a mild boost in oxytocin .
A flood of the cuddle chemical could explain why playing with dogs can lift moods and even improve symptoms of anxiety and depression , Kikusui says .
More speculatively , oxytocin might have played a part in the domestication of dogs from wolves , about 15,000 years ago , the pair suggest .
“ Maybe during the evolutionary process , humans and dogs came to share the same social cues ” , such as eye contact and hand gestures , Kikusui says .
“ This is why dogs can adapt to human society . ”
One previous study found that humans who are administered oxytocin looked toward the eyes of people in photographs more often and for longer than subjects given a placebo .
However , Clive Wynne , a psychologist at the University of Florida in Gainseville , is skeptical that oxytocin release played a role in dog domestication .
“ Genetic evidence shows that wolves were turning into dogs thousands of years before anyone could suggest that people were involved , ” he says .
Still , he thinks that oxytocin could explain why some owners seem more devoted to their dogs than their families .
“ Think of the Helmsley women who gave a hell of a lot more money to her dogs than to her grandchildren , ” he says .
Journal reference : Hormones and Behavior ( DOI : 10.1016/j.yhbeh.2008.12.002 )
How much of AIG ’s bailout / handout is financing Israeli mortgages in Jerusalem & the West Bank ?
March 6 , 2009
Related : The Israeli Jerusalem municipality hands out demolition orders for 36 Palestinian families
Related : U.S. gov’t takeover of mortgage giants good for Israeli banks
As of March 4 , 2009 , the American taxpayer has bailed out American International Group ( AIG ) to the tune of $ 163 billion ( assuming that the Federal Reserve and the Federal gubmint are to be believed on anything anymore ) .
On March 3 , 2009 , this exchange took place in the august and hallowed halls of what used to be known as the Congress of a Constitutional Republic :
With One Word , Bernanke Reveals Who Actually Runs the Country : Senator Sanders : “ Will you tell the American people to whom you lent $ 2.2 trillion of their dollars ? ” Ben Bernanke : “ No . ”
One can only surmise Bernanke ’s reasoning .
He claims he does n’t want to spook the banks and the markets or some such claptrap .
I have another possible reason : Bernanke , being an Orthodox Jew , does n’t want the American public to get any inkling of Israel ’s share of the various bailouts .
AIG owns a company in Israel called Ezer Mortgage Insurance ( EMI ) .
EMI will insure / finance up to 95 % of a private Israeli mortgage .
Below is EMI ’s nifty ad gizmo with some of the relevant text copy underneath the link .
I ’ve adjusted the figures to reflect current money values .
Please alert me if you spot any problems with the math .
( Warning – very annoying music ) :
It ’s so simple to purchase a house in Israel when EMI ( a member of AIG , American International Group ) makes up to 95 % financing possible !
EMI sets the premium as a function of the LTV ( Loan To Value ratio ) and the term of the loan .
As a rule of thumb – for every $ 100,000 of a loan taken by a borrower , the borrower pays an additional $ 25 a month .
For example : David Silberstein is an affluent Jew living in Florida , with a strong affiliation to the Jewish state ; his children are even considering immigrating to Israel and serving in the Israel Defense Force when they tun 18 .
Consequently , David is keen on buying an apartment in Israel to strengthen his ties with the Land and to enable his children to live comfortably while in Israel .
David has found a property that he likes carrying a price tag of $ 176,000 .
While David has sufficient equity to buy the apartment , he has chosen to use EMI ’s financial instrument ( credit insurance ) !
Why ?
Because it ’s a smart choice : this way , he has money left over for additional investments and for spreading the risk !
David knows that with EMI ’s solution , he can buy an apartment without using up all his equity and continue to enjoy the standard of living to which he is accustomed .
David and his wife have decided to invest start - up capital in the amount of 10 % of the value of the apartment .
Accordingly , the terms of the mortgage extended to them by the mortgage bank is as follows : Property value : NIS 740,640
Property value in $ : 176,070
Total loan NIS : 666,576
Total loan in $ : 158,463
Total start - up capital NIS : 74,064
Total start - up capital in $ : 17,607
LTV ( Loan to Value ratio ) : 90 %
Monthly payment including EMI premium : NIS 3,857
Monthly payment including EMI premium in $ : 916.92
EMI premium out of total monthly payment : NIS 152
EMI premium out of total monthly payment in $ : 36
Loan term of 25 years .
4.5 % fixed interest rate *$ 1 = NIS 4.21 as of 03/06/09
America , does n’t it give you the warm fuzzies to know that while our economy is tanking , Israelis and Jews making aliyah to Israel will still be able to “ enjoy the standard of living to which they are accustomed ” ?
For a little more insight into how the Israeli mortgage market works , see these two links :
A Guide to the Perplexed – An Introduction to Israeli Mortgages
http://blog.israelmortgage.net
From the first link :
“ Graces :
For those who are building a home in Israel while paying a mortgage elsewhere , or alternatively while paying rent , most mortgage banks offer graces on the loans .
Two types of graces exist in Israel – partial and full .
Under the terms of a partial grace , only interest must be repaid during the grace period .
Under the terms of a full grace , no payment is made during the grace period and any interest that should have been paid is added to the loan balance and is paid back as part of the loan once the grace period ends .
Graces are not offered on the zakaut loans and some banks do limit graces to certain loan types . ”
Question :
Gee whiz , why do n’t Americans get these ‘ grace ’ periods on their mortgages ?
Answer :
Because we need to give our last drop of blood to support and subsidize the holy , sacred Israeli mortgage market .
By Ben Cohen
An interesting exchange between Ron Paul and Ben Bernanke :
I do n't subscribe to Paul 's model of ideal capitalism , but his criticism of the current economic model is n't wrong .
Pumping money into banks has n't done anything so far other than drive up the national debt and set a path for increased inflation .
I think Paul is wrong to subscribe Bernanke 's policies as Keynesian as he has simply thrown money at banks without asking for anything in return .
Keynes advocated government stimulating the economy by spending on things like infrastructure , but it certainly requires accountability and a clear goal for increasing domestic production .
Regardless , Bernanke 's model is clearly a complete failure .
The ongoing battle between pornography and uptight legislatures has made its way to the University of Maryland , College Park campus .
If you have n’t been following this story , here ’s the breakdown :
The University ’s student union received a free copy of Pirates II : Stagnetti’s Revenge from distributor Digital Playground .
The film , a sequel to the 2005 release Pirates , is basically Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man ’s Chest , but with more horny wenches and , one hopes , a lot less of this guy .
The student union voted unanimously to show the “ XXX blockbuster ” on campus , with an admission cost of $ 4 per ticket .
The screening was scheduled for this weekend , but has since been cancelled by University officials after an uproar in the Maryland State legislature led to a threat to cut the school ’s state funding if the film was aired .
As reported by The Baltimore Sun , “ Sen. Andrew P. Harris , a Republican from Baltimore and Harford counties , suggested amending the state ’s annual budget to deny any funding to a higher education institution that allows a public screening of a film marketed as a XXX - rated adult film , unless it is a part of an official academic course . ”
The proposed amendment was reportedly backed by the Senate President Mike Miller , a Democrat , who , “ acknowledged the legislature should n’t get involved in censoring movies but said the General Assembly is not going to support screening hard - core pornographic movies on a state campus paid for by taxpayer dollars . ”
Ah yes , taxpayer dollars , the almighty rebuttal to the First Amendment free speech argument .
I know that whenever I submit my Maryland tax forms the first thought to run through my mind is “ I wonder what damn movie I ’m paying the University of Maryland to screen this time . ”
Except that in this case , tax dollars are n’t really an issue .
The student union received the copy of the film for free , so no student fees ( tax money ) were used to purchase the film .
The $ 4 admission cost would cover the expense of providing staff at the screening .
Presumably some tax dollars would go to the energy costs of keeping the Hoff Theater open for the screening , but seeing as those costs would be incurred no matter what movie was being shown , there ’s not much weight to that argument .
Which brings up my larger point .
I understand that many people oppose the creation , distribution and viewing of pornography — I , for one , just do n’t understand why anyone would bother to sit in a crowded theater watching porn when doing so in the privacy of your dorm room is both free and allows for a more productive use of that time — and that ’s fine .
But what if I oppose movies that portray black people in a very stereotypical way ?
Can I keep the University from screening Gone With The Wind because I do n’t want my tax dollars paying for it ?
Or for that matter , why is n’t the Maryland State legislature forcing the University to block any and all websites with X - rated content from their network ?
Tax dollars could be allocated to covering the cost of a campus - wide wireless network — should we be paying for college kids to rub one out while looking at Internet porn ?
The fact is we ’ve reached a point in our culture where this issue is no longer worth debating .
Pornography is not going to disappear .
Pirates II , the most expensive porn film ever made , had a budget of $ 10 million .
It was “ based ” on a Hollywood movie with a budget of $ 225 million that was the sequel of a movie that was based on an amusement park ride .
Porn has come a long way since $ 22,500 brought us the story of woman whose clitoris was housed in her throat — a film that the University of Maryland ’s student union screened four years ago without upheaval , by the way .
If you do n’t like pornography , you do n’t have to watch it .
The Pirates II screening at the University of Maryland was entirely optional .
No one would have been forced to attend and presumably , if those opposed to the screening wanted to protest , they would have been free to do so .
For the Maryland State legislature to step in and cry about taxpayer dollars is a phenomenal waste of time and resources .
Come to think of it , my tax dollars pay their salaries and I do n’t appreciate that they spent so much time debating such a silly issue .
Can I get my money back ?
EspertoSEO è un’agenzia leader in Italia nel settore dell ’ottimizzazione per i motori di ricerca .
Questo genere di attività sta rapidamente prendendo piede anche nel nostro paese .
Negli Stati Uniti , il posizionamento nei motori di ricerca è un’attività classica e ben conosciuta anche al grande pubblico , al pari dell ’attività di advertising , del Web Design o della programmazione .
Molti curiosi ci scrivono continuamente per avere più informazioni riguardo questo genere di attività .
Per questo abbiao deciso di riassumere in unico articolo una breve risposta alla domanda :
Cos ’è l’ottimizzazione per i motori di ricerca ?
L’ottimizzazione di siti per i motori di ricerca è un insieme di attività che viene generalmente riassunta con l’acronimo SEO ( Search Engine Optimization = Ottimizzazione per i motori di ricerca ) .
EspertoSEO ha stilato un piccolo prontuario per spiegare cos’è , a cosa serve e come si fa l’ottimizzazione per i motori di ricerca .
Da questo acronimo inglese , derivano tutte i sinonimi e le figure professionali per definire “ colui che ottimizza per i motori di ricerca “ , ossia :
Ottimizzazione SEO
Posizionamento SEO
SEO Specialist
Specialista SEO
Consulente SEO
ecc
Qual’è lo scopo di un ottimizzatore di siti internet per i motori di ricerca ( come Google , Yahoo , Bing ) ?
Come in molti avranno già sperimentato , essendo ormai una tecnologia di massa , un motore di ricerca , come Google .it , restituisce una “ classifica ” di 10 risultati ogni volta che viene cercata una parola o una frase specifica .
La pagina che il motore di ricerca restituisce per ogni “ query ” viene chiamata SERP ( Search Engine Results Page = Pagina dei risultati del motore di ricerca )
La classifica che viene proposta da Google cercando , ad esempio , “ Agriturismo Terni ” non è il frutto di uno studio arbitrario o interno deciso dallo stesso motore di ricerca , dato che sarebbe impossibile monitorare manualmente le miliardi di parole chiave diverse che vengono digitate ogni giorno .
A parte numerose altre abilità , il consulente SEO ( come EspertoSEO.com ) è colui che è in grado di manipolare e perfezionare i risultati del motore di ricerca a proprio piacimento .
Quando un determinato sito web raggiunge le prime posizioni del motore di ricerca per le keyword ( parole chiave ) di suo interesse , il traffico ( =le visite degli utenti ) aumenta vertiginosamente .
Questo è un esempio visivo , con date sottostanti , dei risultati ottenibili affidandosi a un’agenzia SEO di grande esperienza come la nostra :
Quando il traffico aumenta , aumentano esponenzialmente anche i potenziali clienti ( acquirenti di un prodotto , clienti di un agriturismo , contatto telefono per un servizio , ecc ) .
Secondo le stime di Google , il primo risultato nella SERP per una qualsiasi parola chiave ottiene circa l’80 % dei click totali , mentre il decimo risultato non arriva al 2 % .
Per essere competitivi e per dare una forte visibilità al proprio business , quindi , è necessario posizionare il proprio sito web nei primi posti dei motori di ricerca per le keyword più utili al settore di riferimento .
Non tutte le agenzie SEO sono uguali : la maggiorparte delle agenzia non dimostra , nero su bianco , i propri risultati , l’esperienza acquisita nel tempo e i titoli e riconoscimenti acquisiti .
Perchè EspertoSEO
è leader nell ’ottimizzazione per i motori di ricerca
EspertoSEO , oltre ad aver gestito più di 400 clienti , ha collezionato numerosi casi di successo nazionale che ha racchiuso in questa pagina .
Abbiamo collezionato decine di titoli e riconoscimenti importanti , partecipiamo e organizziamo eventi SEO , convegni , webinar , guide , tutorial e molto altro .
Operiamo nel settore del posizionamento SEO da oltre 10 anni e continuiamo a rappresentare un importante punto di riferimento nel web .
Contattaci senza impegno
Se cerchi un ’esperto di ottimizzazione per i motori di ricerca , richiedici maggiori informazioni senza impegno : siamo pronti a rispondere a ogni domanda e dubbio .
Molte agenzie propongono dei servizi standard a pacchetto che si adattano ben poco alle attuali esigenze di mercato .
Noi ci impegniamo a studiare e valutare ogni singolo caso a sé , per rispondere al meglio alle esigenze dei clienti .
CONTATTACI SENZA IMPEGNO
Ok - there are some very good answers here but almost all of them seem to make the same mistake and it's one that is pervading common usage .
Informally , we write that f( n ) = O( g( n ) ) if , up to a scaling factor and for all n larger than some n0 , g( n ) is larger than f( n ) .
That is , f ( n ) grows no quicker than , or is bounded from above by , g(n ) .
This tells us nothing about how fast f( n ) grows , save for the fact that it is guaranteed not to be any worse than g(n ) .
A concrete example : n = O ( 2^n ) .
We all know that n grows much less quickly than 2^n , so that entitles us to say that it is bounded by above by the exponential function .
There is a lot of room between n and 2^n , so it 's not a very tight bound , but it 's still a legitimate bound .
Why do we ( computer scientists ) use bounds rather than being exact ?
Because a ) bounds are often easier to prove and b ) it gives us a short - hand to express properties of algorithms .
If I say that my new algorithm is O ( n.log n ) that means that in the worst case its run-time will be bounded from above by n.log n on n inputs , for large enough n ( although see my comments below on when I might not mean worst - case ) .
If instead , we want to say that a function grows exactly as quickly as some other function , we use theta to make that point ( I 'll write T ( f ( n ) ) to mean \ Theta of f ( n ) in markdown ) .
T( g(n ) ) is short hand for being bounded from above and below by g(n ) , again , up to a scaling factor and asymptotically .
That is f( n ) = T( g(n ) ) < => f( n ) = O ( g( n ) ) and g( n ) = O( f ( n ) ) .
In our example , we can see that n != T( 2^n ) because 2^n != O(n ) .
Why get concerned about this ?
Because in your question you write ' would someone have to smoke crack to write an O ( x ! ) ? '
The answer is no - because basically everything you write will be bounded from above by the factorial function .
The run time of quicksort is O ( n ! ) - it 's just not a tight bound .
There 's also another dimension of subtlety here .
Typically we are talking about the worst case input when we use O( g(n ) ) notation , so that we are making a compound statement : in the worst case running time it will not be any worse than an algorithm that takes g(n ) steps , again modulo scaling and for large enough n .
But sometimes we want to talk about the running time of the average and even best cases .
Vanilla quicksort is , as ever , a good example .
It 's T( n ^2 ) in the worst case ( it will actually take at least n^2 steps , but not significantly more ) , but T ( n.log n ) in the average case , which is to say the expected number of steps is proportional to n.log n .
In the best case it is also T ( n.log n ) - but you could improve that for , by example , checking if the array was already sorted in which case the best case running time would be T( n ) .
How does this relate to your question about the practical realisations of these bounds ?
Well , unfortunately , O ( ) notation hides constants which real - world implementations have to deal with .
So although we can say that , for example , for a T ( n ^ 2 ) operation we have to visit every possible pair of elements , we do n't know how many times we have to visit them ( except that it 's not a function of n ) .
So we could have to visit every pair 10 times , or 10 ^10 times , and the T( n ^ 2 ) statement makes no distinction .
Lower order functions are also hidden - we could have to visit every pair of elements once , and every individual element 100 times , because n^2 + 100n = T( n ^ 2 ) .
The idea behind O( ) notation is that for large enough n , this does n't matter at all because n^2 gets so much larger than 100n that we do n't even notice the impact of 100n on the running time .
However , we often deal with ' sufficiently small ' n such that constant factors and so on make a real , significant difference .
For example , quicksort ( average cost T ( n.log n ) ) and heapsort ( average cost T ( n.log n ) ) are both sorting algorithms with the same average cost - yet quicksort is typically much faster than heapsort .
This is because heapsort does a few more comparisons per element than quicksort .
This is not to say that O ( ) notation is useless , just imprecise .
It 's quite a blunt tool to wield for small n .
( As a final note to this treatise , remember that O ( ) notation just describes the growth of any function - it does n't necessarily have to be time , it could be memory , messages exchanged in a distributed system or number of CPUs required for a parallel algorithm . )
Someone wrapped a football game around a bunch of commercials last night .
I liked all the food I ate .
Your Comments :
As world leaders finally get around to doing something about international tax evasion , a strange counter argument is forming : tax is a red herring , say the sceptics ; better to focus first on sorting out the banking crisis rather than get bogged down in an " irrelevance " .
It 's no surprise to see people like Martin Broughton say this .
As chairman of the CBI ( and British Airways ) , he is paid to deflect criticism from the business community .
More worrying is the sight of otherwise sensible commentators making similar points .
Martin Wolf in the Financial Times , for example , talks of " consternation " at the European obsession with tax .
Carl Mortished in The Times says bank secrecy has nothing to do with the crisis and suggests the clampdown on tax havens is simply due to the wish of our governments to claim ever greater control over national wealth .
While it is true there were many other causes of the financial crisis - too much debt , being the most obvious - it is wrong to pretend that systemic tax avoidance of the sort practiced on a huge scale by our banks is unconnected with their eventual demise .
Here are five reasons the two issues should be seen as intimately related .
1 ) Offshore = out of mind
The offshore vehicles used by banks to hide their activities from the taxman also served to obscure their extent from investors and regulators .
Granite , the Jersey - based trust operated by Northern Rock , is exhibit A .
Tax havens are also breeding grounds for corruption .
2 ) Pushing rules to the limit is infectious
As the FSA points out there is no point in having principles - based regulation when you are dealing with people with no principles .
Similarly when you encourage bankers to ignore the spirit of tax law and only heed the letter , you encourage them to look for loopholes and shortcuts everywhere .
3 ) Everyone must pay their fair share
We are all going to have to pay more taxes to clean up this mess , but public support for government bank bail - outs could be fatally undermined if voters believe that only little people pay taxes .
The sight of the super - rich swanning about in tax havens should be of more concern to the CBI than anything else right now - without public support , banking is toast .
4 ) Complexity confuses everyone
One reason why the world of finance became so convoluted was to stay one step ahead of the taxman .
The " double dips " and other tax - efficient structures described here ultimately baffled everyone : including their creators .
Just ask AIG .
5 ) Avoidance fuels unsustainable growth expectations
Hiding the true source of your wealth can give your investors a dangerous false sense of security .
General Electric , for example , grew lending for years by keeping its tax rate shrinking , until suddenly it lost its credit rating .
Far from being " dead money " , structured finance vehicles also require large amounts of borrowing to sustain : when the debt market dries up , they are the first to go under .
While Oracle and Sun Microsystems are hailing Oracle 's purchase of Sun as a big boost for Java , others are not so sure , questioning what kind of control Oracle might try to exercise over the popular platform that has driven so many enterprise applications since it was first developed in 1995 .
Observers also expect Oracle to make a go of trying to make more money off of Java than Sun ever could .
Sun has tried to leverage Java as a lead - in to selling services , but without much success .
By contrast , Oracle is very disciplined about extracting money from its technologies .
" Java is one of the computer industry 's best - known brands and most widely deployed technologies , and it is the most important software Oracle has ever acquired , " the companies said in a joint statement announcing the acquisition .
" Oracle Fusion middleware , Oracle 's fastest growing business , is built on top of Sun 's Java language and software .
Oracle can now ensure continued innovation and investment in Java technology for the benefit of customers and the Java community . "
[ What on earth was Oracle thinking when it bought Sun ? InfoWorld 's Neil McAllister shows what the real motivation may be .
|
Sun 's efforts to make Java open source have also led to decidedly mixed reviews . ]
Oracle 's commitment to invest in Java may mean it will go full - force at trying to make money off of Java , a path Sun has not pursued strongly .
" I think that they will realize that they want as many people using Java as possible so that 's good for their middleware , " said Rod Johnson , CEO of SpringSource and developer of the popular open source Spring Framework for Java application development .
The acquisition was partly defensive because Oracle probably did not want competitor IBM owning the Java language , he added .
Oracle has been " better at making money off everything than Sun was before , " concurred Vivek Ranadive , CEO of Tibco , a middleware company that competes with some Oracle offerings .
" They 're not beyond finding ways to make more money off something , and it's always at the customers ' expense . "
When buying companies previously , Oracle has sought to increase maintenance revenues , he said .
Does Java 's open source status help it ?
Theoretically , Sun is not supposed to be the owner of Java :
It has offered up its version of Java to open source .
The Java Community Process ( JCP ) has been set up as a multiparty organization to amend the platform .
But Sun has remained the dominant force in Java , with the company always at the forefront of improving it .
The open - sourcing of Java has put the technology out into the community at large , and that is where innovation in the platform now comes from , Johnson stressed .
" The innovation in Java comes largely from open source , " Johnson said Monday , reaffirming similar remarks he had made last month when it was IBM , and not Oracle , that was supposed to buy Sun .
" The language itself is open - sourced .
I do n't really see [ Java ] as something that Oracle can own in a meaningful sense . "
Less optimistic , though , is Tibco's Ranadive , who asked whether Oracle can be trusted not to manipulate Java to its own ends .
Oracle competitors such as SAP rely on Java , and they now must consider the impacts of the Sun acquisition , he said : " As you continue to put more eggs in the Java basket and your biggest competitor owns Java , what you do ? "
And Ranadive does n't think Java 's open source status means all that much .
In Java 's case , the label " open source is a bit of an oxymoron .
It 's really not open as such , " he says .
" All control [ of an open source software project ] rests with the party that offers it .
It used to be Sun and now it 'll be Oracle . "
Ranadive anticipates Oracle will dominate the JCP .
SpringSource 's Johnson also expressed fears over Oracle 's effects on the JCP .
He serves as a JCP executive committee member .
" I think that there will be a lot of concern about Oracle potentially making the rules for Java , " he said .
Ironically , that fear may force the open source community to more aggressively assert stewardship of Java , he added .
Neil McAllister , an InfoWorld blogger who speculated earlier this month that Oracle might buy Sun , anticipates changes in the JCP .
" I think you will see Oracle having a lot more heft in the JCP but also maybe it will change direction a little bit , as far as what areas of Java development it sees as being important or relevant , " he said .
How Oracle 's ownership may help Java
At the Eclipse Foundation , an open source tools organization that has counted Oracle as a member but not Sun , Executive Director Mike Milinkovich sees the merger as a " very positive sign for Java and open source . "
Oracle " will be able to provide the resources and leadership to continue the innovation in the Java community .
I see their support for OSGi and Eclipse Equinox as being key to driving the next generation of runtime middleware based on the OSGi standard , " he added .
Also optimistic is Matt Asay , vice president of development at Alfresco , who said Oracle will be good for Java .
" In some ways , it might even be better than Sun . "
That 's because Sun has " never been willing to fully let go of the reins .
Oracle does n't need to monetize it directly .
It just wants to make sure that Java flourishes , " he said .
Battles with IBM foreseen
Bill Roth , vice president of product management at GSI Commerce and a former Sun and BEA employee who left BEA after Oracle acquired the company last year , was not optimistic about Java 's fate .
" I believe that this acquisition means the death of Java , " he said .
" I believe fighting between IBM and Oracle will lead to the end of ' write once , run anywhere ' " for Java , Roth said .
" There will inevitably be some disagreement between the owner of Java , Oracle , and IBM , [ which ] has invested billions in the technology .
I cannot imagine that IBM would blithely let Oracle determine the future of a technology so embedded in its software stack without a fight .
IBM 's only recourse will be to fork the code , " he added .
Microsoft , Adobe may benefit
A main benefactor of Oracle buying Sun is Microsoft , said Tibco 's Ranadive .
Companies that have had a mixture of Java and Microsoft .
Net software might opt for Microsoft now , with questions arising over whether Oracle will keep Java open , he noted .
Oracle also might de-emphasize Sun's JavaFX rich media platform , McAllister said , which could help both Adobe and Microsoft , which offer the competing Silverlight and Flash / Flex technologies .
Neither Silverlight nor JavaFX have made huge inroads among developers .
Sol Sender of VSA Partners led a design team for the Obama 08 logo project .
He was interviewed about the work , and here ’s a look at the various logo options alongside some of Sol ’s thoughts .
Option # 1
Option # 2
Option # 3
“ We did see the O as standing for something beyond just the first initial of the candidates name . ”
Option # 4
“ There was an idea of unity that emerged , particularly when we began to look at the red and blue , and how they intersected . ”
Option # 5
“ Before we even arrived at the final identity we were aware of developing a number of options that had an element that stood separate from the typography . ”
Option # 6
“ We developed a lot of logos .
Usually we only develop two to four , maybe five .
There were fifteen , sixteen options , and we focused on three . ”
Three finalist Obama logos
Obama logo finalist # 1
“ This masking of different photos with the O shape became an opportunity to say different things in different moments …
The O could contain all these different ideas , possibilities and feelings . ”
Finalist # 2
“ There was a lot of excitement about this .
People felt this was really something new , something different .
It was a kind of populist expression — everyone ’s excited about Obama , people are talking … ( but ) it was a little too far out of the box .
We felt that having a little more tradition in the mark was the smart way to go . ”
Finalist # 3
“ For me personally , this was always the one . ”
“ Originally the stripes were kind of symmetrically expressed across the horizon , and as we went into final refinements we felt that giving it a little bit more dimension , a little bit more motion , ways to enter into it a little bit more for the viewer was a better way to go . ”
It ’s interesting to note that Sol had never worked on a political logo before .
A nice reference for when that Russian nesting doll client asks you how many Russian nesting doll logos you ’ve created — do n’t worry about saying , “ None . ”
Amanda Gentry and Andy Keene are two of the designers at Sender LLC who worked on the project .
In the second part of Sol ’s interview , he talks about the viral nature of the campaign , and the many places the Obama logo appeared .
One last quote from the interview :
“ The strongest logos tell simple stories . ”
The mobile phone operator said it can deliver on Lord Carter 's plan for universal access but opposes plans for a rights agency
Mobile phone company Orange has offered to set up a UK - wide broadband network to meet the ambitions of Lord Stephen Carter for universal access — in return for a share of the radio spectrum owned by Vodafone and O2 .
Orange , which has more than 1 million residential broadband users in the UK , made its proposals in the first batch of submissions to the communications minister 's interim Digital Britain report , which outlined the government 's communications vision for broadband access to the future of digital radio .
But it has also emerged that there is little support within the internet industry for Carter 's plans to defeat illegal online file - sharing through the creation of a rights agency which would bring together the internet service providers ( ISPs ) with the music , TV and film industry .
The attitude of the ISPs is summed up by the submission of Carphone Warehouse 's TalkTalk , the UK 's third - largest broadband provider .
It said : " It appears to us that the rights agency is ' an answer looking for a question ' .
It is a vehicle without a clear remit or responsibility . "
In his interim Digital Britain report published in January , Lord Carter called for everyone to have access to broadband – at speeds about 2 Mb per second – by 2012 .
To realise his ambition , which means getting faster access to an estimated 1.5 million households – he suggested using the UK 's mobile phone networks to plug gaps in the existing fixed - line infrastructure .
As part of this process , Lord Carter has met with the UK's five networks to thrash out a deal in which Vodafone and O2 would share some of the spectrum they have , which is close to the analogue TV signal , so it can be used for broadband in rural areas .
If a deal can not be done by April , he has threatened to take back some of their spectrum by force .
One network , 3 , said in its submission that Carter 's ambitions did not go far enough and all available spectrum should be considered " in the round " .
Orange , however , has told Carter that by 2012 it will build his required network , which it will share with rivals , if it is given a slice of O2 and Vodafone 's airwaves and its existing 3G licence is " extended indefinitely " .
It also wants new a high - frequency spectrum to be granted to the mobile phone industry alongside part of the so - called ' digital dividend ' which will become available once the analogue TV signal is switched off in 2012 .
In its 68 - page submission , Orange blasts the idea of a rights agency .
The company , owned by France Telecom , is one of the ISPs that has been sending out warning letters to persistent file - sharers under a deal brokered by government last year .
But like many ISPs , it stresses that " the real key to combating unlawful file - sharing and copyright infringement online is ( a ) education and ( b ) the development and popularisation of legitimate and compelling content distribution business models . "
The media companies have been pushing for a so - called ' three strikes and you 're out ' approach to file sharing , where persistent offenders have their service cut off .
" This proposed solution , which is still strongly advocated by the music industry despite public statements to the contrary , cuts across basic principles of common law , user rights and ISPs ' legitimate commercial interests and would fail a straightforward cost - benefit analysis , " Orange said .
As for the idea of a rights agency funded by industry , which would be backed by legislation against persistent illegal file - sharers , the company told Carter it " does not think it is appropriate for it to fund a rights agency that would only be to the benefit of the rights - holders .
This would ultimately become an ' anti- piracy tax ' on all consumers , whether or not they infringe .
Orange does not understand why one industry should be asked to fund the protection of another industry 's commercial interests . "
Jindal in his Republican response to Obama ’s address :
Today in Washington , some are promising that government will rescue us from the economic storms raging all around us .
Those of us who lived through Hurricane Katrina , we have our doubts .
Let ’s think for a moment .
Who was it who abandoned New Orleans again ?
Uh , that would be the Republican president who ignored Katrina , the Republican presidential candidate who ate an oversized birthday cake in California while citizens of New Orleans drowned , and the Republican Congress who refused to investigate what went wrong .
Your point would be what exactly , Mr. Jindal ?
That voters should n’t trust Republicans to protect them in time of need ?
Republicans expect the American people to vote against their own self - interest .
And while that may work in the south , and among the numb masses of the religious right , the rest of America ( dare someone call it “ real America ” ? ) has had quite enough , thank you .
RBS has until Thursday to reach a deal while Lloyds has until Friday Taxpayers may become liable for £ 500bn worth of bad loans and investments made by Royal Bank of Scotland and Lloyds Banking Group , the BBC has learned .
It would be part of the government 's Asset Protection Scheme , under which taxpayers insure banks against future losses from such assets .
RBS has a Thursday deadline to agree terms , while Lloyds has until Friday .
The idea is to draw a line under bad assets to free up cash that the banks can lend to companies and individuals .
BBC business editor Robert Peston says that if the deal is completed , it will take the total support by British taxpayers to the banks to £ 1.3tn .
ASSET PROTECTION SCHEME
Taxpayers underwrite banks ' bad debts Essentially an insurance scheme Banks pay a fee to take part Banks are liable for the first 10 % of any losses , similar to paying the excess on an insurance claim First announced in January
Read Robert Peston 's blog
That figure , made up of loans , guarantees , insurance and investments , is equivalent to the entire annual output of the UK economy .
RBS and Lloyds are understood to be hoping to insure £ 250bn of assets each .
Economic nationalisation
One of the sticking points in the negotiations is the amount of losses the banks would have to take themselves before the taxpayer started paying .
The original plan under the Asset Protection Scheme was that the banks would pick up the first 10 % of losses , but forcing RBS and Lloyds to take on £ 25bn of losses each would risk weakening rather than strengthening them .
There is also the question of what fees the banks would have to pay for the insurance .
The fees are expected to be paid in preference shares , which would not carry voting rights , so that the government 's stake in the banks would not increase above the current 70 % of RBS and 43 % of Lloyds .
But it could mean that the government 's control over the banks ' profits and assets could approach 100 % , which according to Robert Peston would amount to economic nationalisation - if not formal nationalisation .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
There is a bitter irony in the fact that the Bank of England chose the 25th anniversary of the beginning of the miners ' strike to fire off its weapon of last resort in an attempt to damp down the conflagration currently sweeping through global capitalism .
The wry smile that passes across the lips of those who opposed the naked selfishness at the heart of the Thatcherite experiment will be mirrored by the disconcerted frowns of those who , having wholeheartedly embraced the free market , never thought that it would lead to this .
Like Frankenstein 's monster , Thatcherism has turned on its creators .
Is there anybody out there willing to stand up – on this , of all days – and raise a toast to the wilful destruction of our manufacturing industry and its replacement by the financial services sector ?
Yes , there were unions who were resistant to change , but whoever came up with the idea that the solution to this problem was to import cars rather than make them ourselves sacrificed more than just the entire engineering skills base .
The forces that Margaret Thatcher unleashed in order to defeat the NUM destroyed whole communities before leeching into our society .
Untamed by successive governments , these same forces now threaten to devour us all .
The housing bubble that has been source of so many of our recent difficulties , was kickstarted by Thatcher .
Selling off council houses to their owners was a popular idea at the time , but by refusing to allow councils to build more stock , it ultimately forced up prices as demand rose .
When the Tories slashed the state pension and people started looking around for a way of ensuring financial security in their old age , bricks and mortar seemed like a sound investment .
Without powerful unions to protect them , the wages of ordinary workers were held in check while the cost of housing began to spiral upwards .
As it became increasingly difficult for first - time buyers to get on the property ladder , a newly deregulated banking sector began offering ever more " attractive " loans .
And we all know where that led .
Would any of this have been different if Thatcher had lost that titanic struggle in 1984 ?
She would have still been in power for another three years , but she would not have tasted blood .
A chastened Conservative party might have realised sooner , rather than later , that the ultimate price of Thatcherism would be the brutalisation of society .
The former head of risk at HBOS who claimed he was sacked for warning over the bank 's too - rapid growth today said he stood " firmly and confidently " behind his allegations .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Former HBOS chief executive Sir James Crosby dramatically resigned as deputy chairman of the Financial Services Authority ( FSA ) after Paul Moore 's claims to MPs yesterday .
Mr Moore told MPs it was obvious that the bank was " going too fast " , but he was eventually sacked by Sir James as head of regulatory risk in 2005 .
Sir James , who resigned after more than five years as deputy chairman of the FSA , said Mr Moore 's claims had been investigated by an independent probe and had " no substance " .
But he added that he was worried about becoming a " distraction " to the FSA and felt the " right course of action " was to step down from the board .
Mr Moore hit back casting doubts on the independence of the investigation and saying that he had a " significant body of detailed additional evidence " to back his claims .
He said : " I am not interested in blame , even though many people will think that this is what my agenda is .
" People who know me will testify to this but I have to say that I do find it sad that people in such important fiduciary positions find it so difficult to admit their mistakes and to say that they are sorry .
" Fighting to the bitter end is always worse for all concerned . "
HBOS was taken over by Lloyds TSB in a rescue deal at the height of the financial crisis last year and the new bank is now 43 per cent - owned by the taxpayer .
Sir James has more than 30 years of experience in the financial industry .
In January 1999 he became chief executive of Halifax plc and in September 2001 he was appointed as HBOS 's first chief executive , leaving in July 2006 .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
As the resignation reverberated around Westminster , Prime Minister Gordon Brown said he was " right " to stand down from the City regulator over the allegations
" It is right that we investigate serious allegations that are made about the banking system .
These are serious but contested allegations , " he said .
Mr Brown also dodged a demand for an apology from Conservative leader David Cameron , who pressed him to admit it was " a serious error of judgment on his part " to appoint Sir James to the deputy chairmanship of the FSA .
Liberal Democrat Treasury spokesman Vince Cable accused Mr Brown of an " utterly inappropriate " appointment .
He said : " It is clear from Paul Moore 's evidence that James Crosby was part of the problem , not part of the solution .
The FSA needs people with experience , but not the wrong experience . "
Sir James has produced two reports for the Government on ID cards and mortgage financing but sought to quell questions over his independence today .
He said : " I am confident that anyone who either worked with me on the reports , or indeed anyone who has read them , will conclude that they are the work of someone who is genuinely independent of government .
" In addition , I want to emphasise that I have absolutely no political connections or affiliations . "
The FSA said Mr Moore 's allegations had been " fully investigated " by accountants KPMG .
It added : " We would like to thank ( Sir James ) for his very significant contribution to the FSA over the past few years . "
The Arab literary world is mourning the death of Sudanese novelist Al Tayeb Salih .
The 80 - year - old writer , who died in London , was best known for his novel Season of Migration to the North , which was selected by the Damascus - based Arab Literary Academy as the most important Arab novel of the 20th century .
Al Tayeb was buried in Om Durman , Sudan , in a state ceremony , attended by the Sudanese president Omar Al Bashir .
News of his death quickly made it to Arabic blogs and online forums , where some bloggers who have met him and others who were planning to do so , paid tribute to this author .
Sudanese Tajooj2 , who lives in Saudi Arabia , notes :
فإنّ عبقريّ الرواية الرائع الطيب صالح .. قرّر الهجرة اليوم ، ومض ى
لندن كانت شاهدة الحدثْ ، والموسم للهجرةِ إلى الشمال ، تحوّل للموسمِ للهجرةِ إلى السماء !
The novel genius Al Tayeb Salih decided to migrate today and London witnessed this incident !
The Season of Migration to the North became the Season of Migration to Heaven .
Tajooj2 continues :
همومه العربيّة الإفريقيّة ، السياسيّة الاجتماعية ، كانت تحاصر كلّ أحرفه ، هذا الخروج من الإفريقي ، ومرحلة اللادخول العربي ، أتعبته كثيرا ، وكتب عنها أكثر .
للسودان أن تفرح كثيرا ، بهذا الابن “ الضال ” الذي هاجر حيّا وميّتا !
مات درويش قبل ثمانية أشهر بهيوستن ، وكرّر عين الفعلة الطيّب ، ومن قبلهما تدور قائمة المصحّات الغربيّة بأسماء الكثيرين من مبدعين عرب ، يمارسون المنفى حياةُ وموتا ، هل قدر العربيّ المبدع كذلك .. لست أدري !
His concerns were African and Arab , social and political , and they surrounded all his words .
This state of leaving the African and not being able to enter the Arab has exerted him a lot and it is something he has written much about .
Sudan has a lot to be happy for in this “ lost ” son , who has migrated dead and alive .
[ Palestinian poet Mahmood ]
Darwish has died eight months before him in Houston , Al Tayeb repeated the same feat , and before them many Western hospitals have been crowded with the names of many Arab intellectuals who have chosen exile , alive and dead .
Is this the fate of the Arab intellectual ?
I am not sure .
About Salih , Yemeni Fadhul Al Naqeeb [ Ar ] writes :
« الطيِّب » نِسْمَةٌ عَطِرَةٌ في حياتنا كالربيع، ومُنذُ أن قرأناه في رائعته « موسم الهجرة إلى الشمال » انعقدت بيننا وبينه عُرى صداقةٍ عميقة، ومُروج محبَّةٍ شاسعة، ووشائج ثقافةٍ مُمتدَّة، فقد جاءنا بالنيل السُّوداني محمولاً في مُهَجٍ من الحكايات الرائعة ووشائج من العلاقات الإنسانية الدافقة بلُغةٍ باذخةٍ بالغة الأناقة كأنَّها مكسوَّةٌ برقائق الذهب ومُضمَّخةٌ بالزعفران وأجود عُطور جزيرة العرب .
Al Tayeb was a perfumed breeze like spring in our lives .
Ever since reading his marvel Season of Migration to the North , a deep bond of friendship was struck between us and expansive pastures of love and infinite cultural relations exanded .
He has come to us from the Sudanese Nile full of amazing stories and humanitarian relations which he narrated in an elegant language , as though they have been adorned by gold and expanded by saffron and the best perfumes of Arabia .
The blogger continues :
و داعاً أيُّها « الطيِّب صالح » ، وسيبقى طِيْبُكَ ما بقي الحرف والقلم .
Farewell Al Tayeb Salih .
Your goodness will continue for as long as there are letters and pens .
Lebanese The Angry Arab Dr Assad Abu Khalil pays a fitting tribute and writes about Salih 's work and his experience meeting Salih :
Sudanese novelist , Tayib Salih is dead .
I was rather sad to read this news .
I read his Season of
Migration to the North ( which is available in an excellent English translation supervised by Salih himself ) in college and was affected by it .
His Arabic style was not what affected me but the themes : the anger and even aggression .
I was rather disturbed by the sexual aggression and never understood what Salih was doing with this element , but then understood that it was a 1 ) metaphor for Arab dealings with the colonizers although I did not like
the use of sex as a weapon ; 2 ) semi autobiographical .
I met Salih in the 1980s and he could not have been more peaceful , and mild - mannered , and nice .
I liked him instantly .
I have said before that some of the most impressive and sophisticated intellectuals I have met in life have been from the Sudan .
I do n't know what it is : Sudan is a
place brimming with ideas .
Remember that in the 1960s , the Sudanese Communist Party was one of the biggest political parties in the region .
Sudanese like ideas and debates , until the US - supported dictator , Ja`far An- Numayri was permitted to impose his Islamist version ( assisted by the brilliant but dangerous Hasan Turabi in return for opening up his country for US companies and intelligence , and in return for the smuggling of the Falasha .
Sudanese are comfortable in the realm of abstract ideas and would debate in a way that is different from us Arabs in the Mashriq [ East ] :
we end up shouting and getting agitated , while they can argue for hours while drinking and munching , very calmly .
I know , I am engaging in cultural generalizations but I allow myself –but not the White Man–that privilege .
I once saw Tayyib Salih in Washington , DC through his friend Halim Barakat .
I went with Halim Barakat , Hisham Sharabi and Arab literary critic , Kamal Abu Dib , to hear him talk .
Salih ( who is one of the best conversationalists I have met [ … ] was most interesting and amusing .
Another author , Moroccan Laila Lalami , who is based in the US , is also moved by the news .
She writes :
I was terribly saddened to hear that the great Sudanese novelist , short story writer and literary critic Tayeb Salih passed away in London yesterday .
He was eighty years old .
A few months ago , when I was preparing my introduction to the new edition of Season of Migration to the North , I had considered going to London to interview him .
But then life intervened : I was busy and thought I might be able to meet him some other time .
That time never came .
He published only a handful of novels , but each had the beauty and complexity of dozens of literary works .
Sudanese Optimist is saddened by the news and writes :
Sudan has lost a dear citizen , who has contributed tremendously to Sudanese and Arabic literature .
His most acclaimed work is the 1966 novel “ Season of Migration to the North . ”
The novel was , at one point , banned in Sudan for its inclusion of sexual imagery , yet it was declared “ the most important Arabic novel of the 20th century ” by the Syrian - based Arab Literary Academy in Damascus .
Earlier this year , The General Union for Sudanese Writers , requested Al Tayeb Saleh to be preliminarily nominated to win the 2009 Literature Noble Prize .
Al Tayeb Salih ’s death will definitely leave a big void in the Sudanese literary world .
He will be greatly missed .
Like in many online forums across the Arab world , Arabian Leopard , at the Emirates Economy Forum [ Ar ] , notes :
الله يرحمه و يغفر له. رواياته جميلة تأخذك في رحلة الى الثقافة السودانية و حياة الأرياف هنا ك
May Allah rest his soul in peace and forgive him .
His novels are beautiful and take you on a Sudanese cultural trip and the life of rural areas there .
ABC News - Robyn Paul , her husband and their three children look like the classic American family — until you find out that Tiernan , their kindergartner , is still breast - feeding .
Many people are shocked by the idea of nursing a child who is nearly 6 years old , but Paul remains determined to do what she says is best for her child .
“ In this culture , breasts are viewed as sexual , ” Paul said .
“ We use breasts to sell everything from beer to motorcycles , then a toddler is in mom ’s arms nursing for what they ’re supposed to be used for and everybody freaks out . ”
No one is sure how many women in the United States are breast - feeding older children , but Paul said she suspects the number is higher than you might think .
Most wo n’t admit it , she said , because of the stigma .
“ There are those women that do nurse that keep it under wraps because they ’re afraid of what others are going to say about it , ” she said .
View Transcript
Transcript
The boss says , " I hired a temp to cover your job while you 're on vacation . "
The boss says , " She 's far more qualified than you , and her stated goal is to replace you but do n't worry . "
Carol says , " How am I supposed to not worry about that ? "
The Boss says , " yoga ? "
The U.S. government plan to rid banks of toxic assets will rob American taxpayers by exposing them to too much risk and is unlikely to work as long as the economy remains weak , Nobel Prize - winning economist Joseph Stiglitz said on Tuesday .
" The Geithner plan is very badly flawed , " Stiglitz told Reuters in an interview during a Credit Suisse Asian Investment Conference in Hong Kong .
U.S. Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner 's plan to wipe up to US $ 1 trillion in bad debt off banks ' balance sheets , unveiled on Monday , offered " perverse incentives , " Stiglitz said .
The U.S. government is basically using the taxpayer to guarantee against downside risk on the value of these assets , while giving the upside , or potential profits , to private investors , he said .
" Quite frankly , this amounts to robbery of the American people .
I do n't think it 's going to work because I think there 'll be a lot of anger about putting the losses so much on the shoulder of the American taxpayer . "
Even if the plan clears banks of massive toxic debt , worries about the economic outlook mean banks could still be unwilling to make fresh loans , while the prospect of a higher tax burden to pay for various government stimulus plans could further undermine U.S. consumers , he said .
Some Republican lawmakers have also expressed concern over the incentives offered by the government , which could end up providing private investors with more than 90 percent of the funds to buy the troubled assets .
But President Barack Obama has said the plan was critical to a U.S. economic recovery , Stiglitz , a professor at New York 's Columbia University and a former World Bank chief economist , also urged G20 leaders at their London summit next month to commit to providing greater resources to developing countries and said China should be given bigger voting rights in the International Monetary Fund .
" The voices of developing countries , and countries like China that will provide a lot of the money , are not heard . "
China would be hard pushed to reach its targeted 8 percent economic growth this year , but the important thing was that at least the Chinese economy was still growing , he said .
Stiglitz welcomed China 's proposal on Monday for an overhaul of the world monetary system in which Zhou Xiaochuan , governor of the People 's Bank of China , said the IMF 's Special Drawing Right has the potential to become a super - sovereign reserve currency .
Stiglitz has long called for the U.S. dollar to be replaced as the only reserve currency .
Basing a reserve system on a single currency whose strength depends on confidence its own economy is not a good basis for a global system , he says .
" We may be at the beginning of a loss of confidence ( in the U.S. dollar reserve system ) , " he said .
" I think there is support for some sort of global reserve system . "
President Obama presented a sober assessment of the state of the economy in a prime time news conference Tuesday , but he insisted his administration has a strategy in place to " attack this crisis on all fronts .
" I listened to the news conference and I was not impressed with the puffy questions that were being asked .
I would have stood up and asked him straight out : " President Obama , according to two Nobel - Prize winning economists , your Treasury Secretary 's plan is flawed and will not work .
Why are you and your economic advisers pandering to the Wall Street cronies that got us into this mess ?
" On Monday I wrote about Krugman 's criticism in my post , Hedge Fund Socialism ?.
On Tuesday , I read that another Nobel - Prize winning economist , Joseph Stiglitz , believes the Geithner plan will rob American taxpayers
Responding to a question , President Obama shot down the idea of a global currency .
He basically knows that the almighty American dollar is what keeps the world anchored to the U.S. military industrial complex .
As far as the Geithner plan , it stinks but the spin doctors like PIMCO 's Bill Gross will have you believe otherwise :
" From PIMCO 's perspective , we are intrigued by the potential double - digit returns as well as the opportunity to share them with not only clients but the American taxpayer , " Gross said .
[ Note : remember what George Carlin said about the glue that binds a nation . ]
Gross 's endorsement is important after the lack of big investor interest in the debut of the Federal Reserve 's consumer lending program last week .
The Fed 's Term Asset - Backed Securities Loan Facility , or TALF , received only $ 4.7 billion in requests for loans out of $ 200 billion on offer , heightening fears that big money managers will also shun the government 's toxic - asset plan .
Gross ' vote of confidence also comes after last week 's political furor surrounding the American International Group Inc bonus payment debacle and the anti-Wall Street mood , which raised the risks for private capital firms thinking about partnering with the Treasury .
Congress is moving to clamp down on companies receiving financial bailout money by severely taxing bonus payments .
There is concern that any financial firm getting involved in the toxic asset plan could face retroactive limits on compensation or profits .
" There 's a sense of having gone too far and that there 's fear that anyone that participates in this or any other government program would be subject to increased scrutiny and standards that did n't exist in the past ...
I could n't discourage that thinking , " Gross told Reuters Financial Television .
" I would point to Secretary ( Timothy ) Geithner 's guarantee and promise as well as that from ( Federal Reserve Chairman ) Ben Bernanke that basically they want to maintain and ultimately produce a thriving private sector and the limitations that may be placed on AIG connections , I guess , wo n't exist in this particular program .
So PIMCO has no fear of that , so to speak . "
He said the Treasury 's public - private partnership plan has " an objective of liquefying relatively frozen portions of the credit market and promoting the extension of new loans in the U.S. economy . "
Gross added : " To succeed , it will require participation from both willing buyers as well as sellers , in addition to the substantial government assistance being provided in the proposed policy package . "
The more I think about this plan , the angrier I get .
Why is the U.S. government partnering up with hedge funds , private equity funds and asset managers when they can just force the banks to sell the assets to a consortium of pension funds ?
If hedge funds and private equity funds want to co-invest alongside the pension funds , they can do so but on terms that favor pension funds .
Speaking of pensions , Milliman research reveals that the steep drop in the markets in 2008 wiped out five years of gains in the pension plans of the 100 largest corporate defined benefit ( DB ) plan sponsors :
The consultant ’s 9th Annual Milliman pension funding status report reported the 100 largest DB plans lost a combined $ 300 bn – and noted funding statuses also took a beating into 2009 .
Milliman principal John Ehrhardt said : “ Asset losses drove a decrease in funded status from about 106 % at the end of 2007 to less than 80 % at the end of 2008 .
Losses continued into 2009 with more than a $ 30 billion decrease in funded status in the first two months . ”
He added : “ At the end of February , the funded status of the Milliman 100 pension plans stood at 74 % , the lowest level since May 2003 . ”
Milliman expects the drop in funded status to result in pension contributions and charges of some $ 70 bn combined .
The firm expects companies to contribute $ 50bn in 2009 compared to $ 29.7 bn the previous year .
The sharp increase is due partly because of the drop in funded status and in part because of changes in funding regulations .
Milliman also said the allocation to equities declined to 44 % in 2008 , down from 55 % the previous year .
Evaluation Associates senior consultant and co-author Paul Morgan said : “ The decrease in equity allocations is primarily due to market declines and , to a much lesser extent , a change in investment policies .
“ A return to a 55 % equity allocation by the end of 2009 , either through new investments or portfolio rebalancing , would require a $ 100 billion investment in the equity markets . ”
But in a separate study , Milliman found that after sustaining record losses in 2008 , U.S. pension funds are unlikely to return to the high level of stock market allocations favored before the global financial crisis and will probably favor greater bond allocations :
The annual Milliman Study of defined benefit pension plans , now with current total assets of some $ 900 billion , showed record losses of about $ 300 billion during the market panic of 2008 .
The plans included in the study represent the bulk of U.S. defined benefit pension plans , in which companies promise to pay employees specific , regular amounts once they retire .
Last year 's sell - off wiped out five years of these corporate pension plans ' gains , the study showed .
Although the allocation of assets invested in stocks is expected to rise from the low levels seen at the end of 2008 , John Ehrhardt , the main author of the report , said he does not see the stocks allocations of these pension funds returning to the 60 percent level last seen at the end of 2006 , before the global credit crisis struck .
" By the end of this year I think you will see equities at about 50 or 52 percent , with 35 to 38 percent in fixed income , " Ehrhardt , principal and consulting actuary in New York at Milliman , Inc. , an employee benefits consulting firm , said in a telephone interview .
" Assuming a reasonable recovery going forward , I would expect equity allocations to increase to the 50 percent to 55 percent range by mid 2010 , " he said .
The proportion of these plans ' assets invested in stocks had fallen to 44 percent by the end of last year from 55 percent a year earlier as stock markets plunged .
Allocations to bonds rose to 41 percent from 33 percent in the same period , Milliman research showed .
At the end of 2006 , bonds had represented an asset allocation of 30 percent .
" I do n't expect that we 'll ever see 60 percent equity allocations " again , Ehrhardt said .
Shaken by the damage equity markets wreaked on portfolios , in recent months , pension funds have been adding fixed income in hopes of slowly recouping some of their steep losses .
When investors fled riskier assets last year , stocks tumbled , corporate bond prices dropped and yield spreads of investment grade bonds over government Treasuries hit record highs .
Since then , pension funds have started to add corporate bonds to their holdings , aiming to collect equity - like returns near 8 percent per year with less risk than stocks .
Since the global financial crisis , " there is definitely renewed interest in some kind of liability - driven investing that in general requires a higher level of fixed income investments , " Ehrhardt said .
Long term investors such as pension funds try to project the approximate outlays they will have to make as people retire , so they need steady annual returns to help match future liabilities .
In theory , stocks should generate higher returns than bonds , but only over extremely long periods .
Since 1870 the Standard & Poor 's Composite , now known as the S&P 500 , has returned an annual average 8.3 percent , beating the 10 - year U.S. government note 's return of about 5 percent and corporate bonds ' returns of about 6 percent , according to Bryan Taylor , chief economist with Global Financial Data in Los Angeles .
Yet market crashes such as 1929 and 2008 can rip apart the assumptions even of 20 - year plus investors such as pension funds and insurers and induce them to buy more of those bonds that they consider less risky .
Bloomberg reports that Hospitals of Ontario Pension Plan ( HOOPP ) , which runs pensions for Canadian health - care workers , increased its bond holdings and cut equity investments to limit losses in 2008 .
The fund expects more stock declines this year
“ We ’re sticking to our plan , we see some opportunities out there in credit , ” Chief Executive Officer John Crocker said today in an interview .
Hospitals of Ontario has been reducing its equity investments since the fourth quarter of 2007 , when it shifted about a fifth of assets out of stocks .
That helped limit investment losses to 12 percent , or C$ 3 billion ( $ 2.5 billion ) , in 2008 , topping most Canadian pension funds .
“ It dramatically reduced the volatility in the fund through the course of 2008 , ” Crocker said from Toronto .
“ If we had n’t done that , the fund probably would have been about C$ 2 billion lighter than it is . ”
The loss pared assets to about C$ 27 billion at the end of the year , he said .
Hospitals beat the 16 percent annual decline among Canadian pension plans , according to a RBC Dexia report in January .
Canada ’s benchmark Standard & Poor ’s / TSX Composite Index fell 35 percent last year , its biggest drop since 1931 .
Caisse de Depot et Placement du Quebec , Canada ’s largest pension manager , lost C$ 39.8 billion , or 25 percent .
Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System lost C$ 8 billion , or 15 percent , last year .
Stock prices may decline further , even with a rally that has boosted the benchmark index by about 9 percent this month , Crocker said .
“ We ’re in quite a severe recession but we ’d hope or expect that by the latter part of this year that should start to turn a little bit , ” he said .
Hospitals has 30 percent of assets in public equities , about 14 percent in real estate and private equity , and the balance in fixed - income , Crocker said .
The fund manager has started to look at real estate assets in Mexico , the U.K. and Europe , to add to its Canadian holdings .
“ We ’re taking a slow and steady approach , ” Crocker said .
“ We ’re looking at these other areas , we ’ve got funds allocated but we ’re being very careful in spending it . ”
The fund manages pensions for 250,000 retired and active health - care workers in Ontario , Canada ’s most - populous province .
There you have it , the pension managers at HOOPP got it right by reducing equity exposure since the fourth quarter of 2007 , shifting a fifth of its assets out of stocks .
Nothing fancy , just plain old common sense that reduced the risk of their asset mix .
They did n't follow Harvard , Yale , Ontario Teachers ' , or anyone else .
They just stuck to their analysis and did what they thought needed to be done to protect the fund 's assets .
The next time someone asks you which is the best large pension plan in Canada , remember the acronym HOOPP .
Their 2008 results prove that they blew away their Canadian and U.S. peers .
Technology.am ( Apr. 21 , 2009 ) — Prox Dynamics of Asker , Norway , has made a 15 - gram “ nano ” copter , assuming it may be one of the world ’s smallest unmanned helicopters .
On its fifth prototype , the PD - 100 Black Hornet has attained a big milestone after successful completion of its first outdoor flight test .
This Hornet “ can be carried in your pocket and started within seconds to give immediate situational awareness .
Although the new helicopter is smaller than a typical cheapo toy - copter , it is fully controllable , with the ability sprint from a dead hover to almost 20 mph .
The secret behind its stability is the micro control servos– “ the smallest and lightest in the world , weighing less than 0.5 grams . ”
This new ultra small aircraft is a valuable tool in situations where a closer look at a hostile area or inside a contaminated building is crucial . ”
According to the company , the sound from the helicopter was unhearable at three yards over ambient noise .
The company may market the “ cigarette - packet - sized ” mini-choppers in a three - pack weighing less than two pounds .
The package will include a pocket controller and a charger .
In this article I am going to focus on the wife ’s perspective as I have predominately worked with wives , although the reality is that sex and pornography addiction is not a gender - specific issue .
One of the most heart - breaking stages in the therapy room for me is often the first session with the spouse of the porn or sex addict .
The session is often dominated with heavy , sad emotions , feelings of distress , hopelessness , anguish , disappointment , fear and a seemingly endless sense of failure .
Allowing the wife time to express these emotions is vital as well as acknowledging that she has experienced a huge trauma ; these emotions are okay to hold onto for now as they are key for the therapeutic alliance .
The reality is that the spouse is often unable to overcome the painful fact that the husband has been involved in either watching pornography or having multiple affairs often for months or sometimes years without her knowing .
For the wife , the discovery means betrayal in addition to an immense loss of trust and respect .
At this stage , she cannot rationalise his actions as being a brain disorder or compulsive or addictive behaviour , which it most likely is and stems from a lot of underlying emotional or psychological issues .
The initial disclosure is perhaps the most painful and unbearable event for the wife ; even if addiction is mentioned initially , it is often rejected , as this behaviour is seen as immoral and a spiritual failure , driven by Nafs e Ammara and lead by shaitaan .
The spouse will often voice that she rather the addiction be drugs or alcohol related as the cognitive distortion makes her believe that she would cope with that better .
At this stage , emerges the strong sense of failure ; she begins to blame herself , wondering had she been more attractive or sassy , she could have prevented the entire thing .
This way of thinking starts eroding her self - esteem and confidence ; this and many other cognitive distortions mean that she gets in a very volatile mental and emotional state .
It is paramount to recognise the impact addiction has on the wife and to support her emotionally , spiritually and mentally .
This article aims to help those wives who are married to porn and sex addicts and Insha’Allah will also be a useful guide for other concerned , whether it ’s family , friends , counsellors or Imams .
In the first part , I would like to briefly describe what Sex and Porn addiction is , in order for the wife , when she is ready , to be able to understand the true nature of the problem rather than labelling it as a moral or spiritual issue or a straight forward issue of infidelity which may lead to the sudden and complete termination of the relationship .
I hope that this clarity might allow the couple to break the barriers and stigmas attached to this particular topic , eventually being able to seek help both for the addiction and for relationship repair , if they chose to do so .
The Wife ’s Perspective
Support MuslimMatters for Just $ 2 a Month MuslimMatters has been a free service to the community since 2007 .
All it takes is a small gift from a reader like you to keep us going , for just $ 2 / month .
The Prophet ( SAW ) has taught us the best of deeds are those that done consistently , even if they are small .
Click here to support MuslimMatters with a monthly donation of $ 2 per month .
Set it and collect blessings from Allah ( swt ) for the khayr you 're supporting without thinking about it .
Then I would like to explore in detail the wife ’s perspective , strategies to regain confidence , self - esteem building and how to move forward .
There must be space for the wife to focus on herself , avoiding falling between being passive while thinking she has to suffer in silence due to the stigma or on the other hand being volatile and aggressive , thinking that since her husband has been unfaithful he can’t be trusted , and loses all respect and love which makes the marriage toxic and unbearable , the couple starts suffering in silence without any help or intervention .
The last section will focus on the couple ’s relationship ; if the couple wants to help each other and repair the relationship by working on building trust .
They can reclaim their sexuality and learn how to gradually bring back a healthy sex life to the marriage .
Sex addiction is a term that describes any sexual behaviour that feels ‘ out of control ’ .
It is not the behaviour itself that defines it as an addiction , but rather the dependency on it , to numb out negative emotions and difficult experiences .
As with all addictions , most people with sex and porn addiction will have tried to stop or limit their behaviour on many occasions – but despite continuing harmful consequences to their self as well as others , especially their close relationships , they cannot stop .
While they may go on for a short while without acting out , the relapse is never far .
Many addicts in my experience are often victims of some form of trauma and childhood abuse .
Sometimes early access can also make a person dependent .
It is crucial to do the research and find appropriate help both for the addict and for the partner .
Unfortunately , no intervention is ever effective if the person with the problem does not take ownership .
The best chance for a healthy recovery is when the addict understands their cycle of addiction and takes responsibility for recovery .
The best chance for a healthy recovery is when the addict understands their cycle of addiction and takes responsibility for recovery .
As a wife , you can support them by helping them identify a qualified professional who will provide a safe and non-judgmental environment alongside the help they need .
However , it is very important to remember that you , the spouse , have not caused this - you cannot cure it and you certainly cannot control it .
If the addict takes responsibility and acknowledges that there is an issue that is beyond his control and he is ready to seek help as well as take ownership of their own problem , then Insha’Allah that is the first step towards the road to recovery .
It is also essential for you to take responsibility of dealing with your own hurt or trauma .
Unresolved trauma can lead to a toxic cycle of guilt - tripping and fights , resulting in the relationship turning toxic and unbearable .
Reducing shame is essential for recovery for both you and your partner .
If he stays in a place which is shame ridden , shaaitan will isolate him by making him feel small , damaged and unredeemable - this state of mind will further push him toward the addiction .
Remember Allah says ,
“ O my Servants who have transgressed against their souls !
Despair not of the Mercy of Allah : for Allah forgives all sins : for He is Oft - Forgiving , Most Merciful .
— Quran , Sura 39 ( Az - Zumar ) , ayah 53
Similarly , if you decide to isolate yourself and not seek help due to shame and stigma you too will become emotionally and mentally unwell together with shaatian making you feel weak and vulnerable , costing you both , amongst other things , your relationship .
It is paramount that your husband starts the recovery programme and works on resolving the underlying issues .
He has to establish relapse prevention strategies while understanding his triggers and explaining them to you .
At the same time , you will have to understand your triggers and how you are going to manage your emotional health and wellbeing .
You will for a long time keep having flash backs of the initial disclosure .
You both will have to work on three areas ; he will have to focus on treating his addiction , you on healing your trauma and finally you both will work on building the relationship Insha’Allah .
You might often breakdown in despair and wonder why Allah tested you in this way , questioning your self - worth and dignity , wondering how you could live with someone who leads a double life and has made such morally degrading choices .
Although these thoughts are natural , if unchecked they can erode you spiritually and socially .
So it is important for you to remember that you have a choice to make and that choice will allow you to reclaim yourself .
You had a life before you came into this relationship and you as a person are not defined by your marriage .
Remember your role as a servant of Allah , as a mother , a daughter , a sister , a friend , a neighbour , a colleague or as a cousin .
Reconnecting with your authentic self , where you see your core strengths like courage , perseverance , love , kindness , gratitude , hope , teamwork , creativity , humour and generosity will help you to ground yourself .
Additionally , one of the most powerful and easily accessible tool is establishing your spiritual connection .
Try to remember you cannot use religion to spiritually bypass your hurt , sadness and frustration .
You must work through these emotions to get to a better place Insha’Allah .
When we are down , due to one aspect of our life not working well , we seem to see everything from a position of deprivation and hopelessness .
We have to stand at a position of plenty and look at what has worked for us all our lives and not let this take over our lives completely .
Remember that Allah swt tells us , “ Allah does not burden a soul beyond that it can bear … ” ( Qur’an , 2:286 ) .
This does not mean that you passively disengage with your situation , it means that you have tawakul in Allah and believe that if you seek help and actively engage Insha’Allah you will find solace and comfort .
Like our beloved Prophet saw said , “ Tie your camel first , and then put your trust in Allah . ”
This is a time to look at your strengths as an individual .
You can do this in therapy and explore your inner grit and resilience .
Allah swt has blessed you with wonderful and amazing attributes .
This is the time to remember that if you want to stay and work alongside your husband , then you will have to work on fixing and healing yourself first and foremost .
You may objectively look at your marriage and see that over the years , you have both shared many good things and generally complement one another , in addition to the fact that he has taken good care of you , honouring his responsibilities as a husband .
If that is not the case and your relationship has not been a safe space and you have felt generally unhappy than it is time to seek help .
A relationship health check is advised , through investing in therapy which can help you decide whether to fix the marriage or finish it .
Living in a toxic , unhealthy and unsafe relationship should never be an option .
You will be tempted to cut ties with people around you and self - isolate , and although that may feel like a good coping strategy , it is unfortunately very unhealthy and unsustainable .
Pluck up the courage to reach out to a few friends or family members that you trust and know will give you appropriate spiritual , social and emotional support .
Be honest and transparent but refrain from constantly regurgitating the entire story to your support network .
Constantly reliving the trauma can be like picking the scab - you have to leave that work for the therapy room .
We all need recreation , rest and relaxation the most when we are mentally and emotionally drained .
Make sure you let your family and friends look after you and create opportunities for you to practice some self - care and nurturing .
The ultimate question for you both will be whether or not the marriage will survive .
In my experience over the years , many couples have bravely and beautifully survived through the trauma and turbulence of sex and porn addiction , but not all .
The important thing is not to rush into making a decision .
If after the disclosure you both feel that there is enough love between you both and you share the same goals ; or you feel as though your children need both their parents , as you make a good parenting team and you believe that can help to build back the relationship , then make the decision to work on it .
It is key that you take each day as it comes so that you can start rebuilding the relationship .
The essential components for repair and rebuilding work are honesty , empathy , accountability and transparency .
Your therapist should be able to lay down some rules for you which you both will have to adhere to .
Reclaiming and rekindling your sex life is extremely important but it will take time .
Sexuality in marriage is a beautiful gift from Allah and although it is n’t the most important aspect of marriage , it is pretty important .
Please remember that intimacy outside the bedroom will , in fact , lead to healthy sexual experience ; investing time in each other by giving your relationship the respect it deserves and by gradually putting small but regular routines in place such as date nights .
You might have lost all self - esteem and confidence in yourself or you might not feel attracted to your spouse due to the knowledge of his addictive behaviour , but the truth is , once you make the decision to work on the relationship you will Insha’Allah start separating him from his issue .
Initially , it will be difficult , as you might constantly wonder if you are enough ?
Or if he is fantasizing about someone else whilst being intimate with you .
Please remember that Shaytan will relentlessly try everything to put waswasas in your heart and head , as the best outcome for him is always separation between the couple .
Remember to read the duaa that the Prophet gave us before being intimate , “ In the Name of Allah .
O Allah , keep the Shaytan away from us and keep the Shaytan away from what You have blessed us with ” .
Take your time , be more open about your sexual needs , take responsibility and talk about these issues in your therapy sessions .
Your partner might struggle with arousal or erection , but this does not mean that he is not interested in you .
Remember that the addict must go through his own long , lonely and painful journey towards healing and recovery .
To conclude , I must say that some of the most amazing and wonderful women that I have had the privilege to work with over the years have been spouses of sex and porn addicts .
They have worked with grace and fortitude and many have managed to save their marriages , keeping the children out of it completely .
Many have made the bold and brave decision to leave the relationship as they understood & accepted that they could not save it .
Where ever you are , whatever your struggle may be , please seek help and take it from there , may Allah ( swt ) hold your hearts & hands and guide you to what is best for your deen , Duniya & Aakirah .
TEMPE , Ariz . —
When Michael Crow became president of Arizona State University seven years ago , he promised to make it “ The New American University , ” with 100,000 students by 2020 .
It would break down the musty old boundaries between disciplines , encourage advanced research and entrepreneurship to drive the new economy , and draw in students from underserved sectors of the state .
He quickly made a name for himself , increasing enrollment by nearly a third to 67,000 students , luring big - name professors and starting interdisciplinary schools in areas like sustainability , projects with partners like the Mayo Clinic and Sichuan University in China , and dozens of new degree programs
But this year , Mr. Crow ’s plans have crashed into new budget realities , raising questions about how many public research universities the nation needs and whether universities like Arizona State , in their drive to become prominent research institutions , have lost focus on their public mission to provide solid undergraduate education for state residents .
These days , the headlines about Arizona State describe its enormous cuts .
The university has eliminated more than 500 jobs , including deans , department chairmen and hundreds of teaching assistants .
Last month , Mr. Crow announced that the university would close 48 programs , cap enrollment and move up the freshman application deadline by five months .
Every employee , from Mr. Crow down , will have 10 to 15 unpaid furlough days this spring .
Some science news regarding cognitive abilities made the rounds yesterday , appearing on Slashdot , which based its coverage on the BBC .
The coverage gets the gist of the story right — new research suggests some cognitive declines associated with age begin in the late 20 s — but it completely misses the larger point : the paper involved is part of a larger argument about the appropriate method of studying cognitive abilities .
And the most startling thing about that is that the argument played out across five other papers in the same issue of the journal .
An academic dogfight
To be clear , nobody is debating whether cognitive decline occurs with age ; the evidence is pretty persuasive , and it comes from a variety of sources .
The argument involves when that decline begins , and two different experimental approaches have produced very different results .
Longitudinal studies ( LS ) involve testing the cognitive abilities of the same group of individuals at time periods as long as a decade apart .
These tend to show that most people increase their performance on the tests as they age , at least until they reach their 60s , at which point declines become evident .
The alternative approach uses what is called a cross-sectional study ( CSS ) in which groups of individuals at different ages are tested once and the results are compared across groups .
These show a far earlier decline in mental capacity , which has more than few of the older Ars staffers checking their noggins for signs of decline .
Obviously , both approaches to research have drawbacks .
In CSS , you 're not tracking changes within an individual , which are arguably the most relevant , and the results are at the mercy of the researcher 's ability to control for differences between the groups in things like educational history .
There 's even some argument over whether these studies can ever overcome generational issues , like changes in educational practice and nutrition .
Meanwhile , an LS exposes its subjects to similar tests ( even if they are years apart ) , which might provide some " practice effect . "
We also tend to test those cognitive skills that we consider most relevant , which means that real life might provide the cohort with what could be termed inadvertent practice .
All of that sets the stage for the current paper .
In it , author Timothy Salthouse builds a case that CSS provides a clearer picture of cognitive decline , one that 's consistent with the finding that changes in brain structure begin relatively early in life ; it also matches animal studies which show early cognitive decline even when environments are held constant .
Salthouse then engages in a CSS , testing a number of cognitive abilities while attempting to control for cohort differences .
Salthouse also used a subset of his group to explore the impact of practice by repeating the test at various time intervals .
The graphs of the test results show a strong pattern , with declines starting pretty much right after the earliest tests given to individuals in their early 20s .
Retest effects were apparent in the results from those studies , leading the author to conclude that the data " converge on a conclusion that some aspects of age - related cognitive decline begin in healthy educated adults when they are in their 20s and 30s . "
Thus , the BBC headline , " ' Brain decline ' begins at age 27 , " appears justified .
Not an open - and - shut case
Or not .
A quick look at the table of contents for that issue of the journal ( Neurobiology of Aging ) shows that the paper is what the journal terms an " Open Peer Commentary Manuscript . "
At least six peers chose to comment in a series of three articles ; the initial author then responded to them with a second article of his own .
Reading through these , it quickly becomes clear that the field considers the issue anything but settled .
The arguments come fast and furious .
A long - time practitioner of LS simply states that formal reasons why CSS cannot be used to infer changes in individuals were described over 40 years ago , and the new paper has n't changed that situation .
Another group that engages in LS describes the extensive literature regarding appropriate controls for both types of experiments ; based on the experimental methods of the initial paper , they can't tell whether Salthouse used these or not .
This response also argues that the citations of studies involving brain volume changes and animal studies are selective ; other work shows volume increases in some structures in early adulthood , and so on .
But the most interesting complaint seems to focus on the treatment of cognitive function as a unitary item , accessible through standardized tests .
One critic points out that our ability to learn new languages declines rapidly around the age of seven , but we do n't consider this a sign of mental decline .
Relevant to Salthouse 's new work , the critics emphasize that individual tests show some significant variations in what are ostensibly tests of the same underlying capacity .
For example , one test of reasoning is largely stable throughout the 35 year range in test subject age , while tests of spatial reasoning show an extended period of stability from the 30s through the 50s .
The same thing goes for tests of the practice effect .
The results vary wildly between different tests , as does the change in the practice effect with time ; in some tests , it 's effectively nonexistent .
For his part , Salthouse says that he recognized many of these issues in his initial publication , which is true .
Even in the conclusions quoted above , he was careful to use the phrase " some aspects , " rather than making a blanket statement about cognitive abilities .
Nevertheless , it 's difficult to read his first paper without getting the impression that Salthouse thought his approach produced the most biologically relevant data .
In any case , the papers make it clear that the debate over cognitive decline is not settled by the latest results .
If there is anything approaching a consensus in this field , it 's that the questions themselves are extremely complicated , and the answers you get very much depend on what you ask .
Neurobiology of Aging , 2009 .
Volume 30 , Issue 4 , Open Peer Commentary
According to Army Times , an Air Force spokesperson stated that " the Air Force has no official policy on " Salvia divinorum .
Officials at Hill and Malmstrom Air Force Bases have banned the use of S. divinorum .
According to Marine Corps News , the use of Salvia divinorum for " intoxication , excitement , or stupefaction " is prohibited under the same rules as those for the Navy .
We have been told that Salvia divinorum is now on the list of banned substances for the U.S.
Navy but is not tested for in drug tests .
Those found in possession or using it will be charged under UCMJ Article 92 " Failure to Obey Order or Regulation " .
( unconfirmed ) The Navy Awareness Training on Salvia Divinorum , Feb 2004 orig ) states that sailors may be disciplined under SECNAVINST 5300.28C and OPNAVINST 5350.4C as general prohibitions against the " illicit " use of intoxicants .
These reportedly do not apply to religious / spiritual use , although we do not know the details of these exemptions .
( thanks DN )
The U.S. Army Regulation 600 - 85 , Army Substance Abuse Program specifically disallows the use of Salvia divinorum by name .
See http://www.apd.army.mil/jw2/xmldemo/r600_85/main.asp . ( thanks jh ) ( last updated Nov 28 2012 )
is uncontrolled in the United States by federal law , but is controlled in some states ( see state law ) .
This means all parts of the plant and its extracts are legal to cultivate , buy , possess , and distribute ( sell , trade or give ) without a license or prescription .
If sold as a supplement , sales must conform to U.S. supplement laws .
If sold for consumption as a food or drug , sales are regulated by the FDA .
The federal analog act generally requires that , in order to qualify as an analog , a substance must be chemically similar to a substance which is federally scheduled .
Salvinorin
A is chemically quite different from other scheduled substances and , as a plant , is quite unlikely to be targeted by this act .
Sellingfor human consumption as a " drug " is probably illegal in the US under the Food , Drug & Cosmetics
Act and its sale as a drug would be regulated by the FDA .
Selling an unapproved drug in the US can be prosecuted under the FD&C's " misbranding " clause .
( FD&C Section 502 ) The more it is packaged and marketed as a drug ( for example a 10 x extract hyped as ' the new ecstasy ' ) the more likely it is to be treated as an " illegal drug " by law enforcement agents .
The US Air Force is considering whether to includein the list of banned drugs .
See Plant could get airmen in legal hot water , Jan 2004 . ( June 2007 ) : Between November 2006 and May 15 , 2007 , legislation was introduced to ban possession or sale of Salvia divinorum in fourteen additional states .
See Salvia divinorum Law Update ( July 2007 ) : Daniel Siebert reports that the DEA has initiated an Eight Factor Analysis of S. divinorum , which is the first step in the process of recommending a substance be scheduled ( See Sage Wisdom Legal ) although other sources say this is not the case .
Under the Federal Analogue Act , Salvia divinorum fails to meet the " chemically similar " criteria and thus is not subject to the analogue act provisions .
However , the DEA has recently changed their view on this and now states :
However the DEA 's analysis is completely flawed .
The Federal Analogue Act , as currently understood requires that a substance be " chemically similar " to a controlled substance not " pharmacologically similar " as the DEA suggests in their quote .
Very little is known about the pharmacology of Salvia divinorum and there is still much unknown about the pharmacology of THC .
Saying the two are ' pharmacologically similar ' might satisfy the paragraph II of the Analogue Act test , but its also just wrong .
Perhaps the DEA has performed human pharamcology studies on salvinorin that they are keeping secret , but most likely the authors of this article are just trying to use their position to further extend the reach of their power well beyond the scope of the law .
Salvinorin is not a chemical analog of any scheduled substance .
Caution :
All legal information should be verified through other sources .
[ see below
Schedule I. HB697 - Enacted July 17 , 2010 .
Salvinorin
A is misspelled as Salvinorum A. ( last updated Mar 31 , 2013 )
SB 38 from 2007 did not pass .
Senate Bill ( SB ) 52 would add Salvia divinorum to Schedule IIA .
See http://www.legis.state.ak.us/basis/get_bill_text.asp?hsid=SB0052A&session=26 . ( last updated Feb 26 , 2009 ) ( thanks S )
Schedule I , as of March 2011 .
SB423 . ( last updated March 31 , 2013 )
California Analog Act Under the strict
Effective Jan 1 2009 , sale of Salvia divinorum or salvinorin A to anyone under the age of 18 will be a misdemeanor , punishable by imprisonment of up to 6 months or a $ 1,000 fine ( see AB 259 history text of law ) .
Under the strict California Analog Act , Salvia divinorum could potentially be prosecuted if it is sold for human consumption as a psychoactive drug .
It is unclear if the 2009 law removes this possible route for prosecution .
In June 2011 , Colorado added Salvia divinorum ( including salvinorin A ) to its definition of " controlled substance " .
And made possession a class 2 misdemeanor .
See states_co_2011_06_cannabinoid_salvinorin_control.pdf . ( thanks k ) ( last updated Mar 31 2013 )
Effective July 1 2011 , Connecticut banned " Salvia divinorum ; and Salvinorum A [ sic ] " .
See http://www.cga.ct.gov/2011/TOB/S/2011SB-01098-R00-SB.htm . ( thanks k ) ( last updated Jul 12 2011 )
SB259 ( " Brett 's Law " ) was signed on May 2 , 2006 , adding Salvia divinorum to schedule I of the Delaware state controlled substances law .
Reference .
Salvinorin
A is not covered by the law .
( thanks L )
Effective July 1 , 2008 , Salvia divinorum and salvinorin A have been added to Florida 's list of Schedule I controlled substances , making them illegal to possess , buy , or sell .
The law exempts from control any drug product containing Salvia divinorum or salvinorin A that has been approved by the FDA .
( see text of bill ) .
A law signed on June 3 , 2010 , adds Salvinorin A to the list of " dangerous drugs " and adds Salvia divinorum to a list of banned drugs , with an exception for ornamental plantings : " ( 4.3 ) Possession , planting , cultivation , growing , or harvesting of Salvia divinorum or Salvia divinorum A strictly for aesthetic , landscaping , or decorative purposes ; " .
See http://www.legis.state.ga.us/legis/2009_10/sum/hb1021.htm
. ( thanks t) ( last updated June 17 2010 )
Effective July 1 , 2011 Salvia divinorum is a controlled substance in Indiana .
The law includes " all parts of the plant " , the seeds of the plant , " any extract " , and Salvinorin A. ( see http://www.in.gov/legislative/bills/2011/HE/HE1102.1.html "
>
http://www.in.gov/legislative/bills/2011/HE/HE1102.1.html). ( thanks K ) ( last updated June 6 2011 )
Schedule I as of Aug 29 , 2011 .
( last updated Mar 31 , 2013 )
On April 24 , 2008 Kansas SB 481 was signed into law , adding Salvia divinorum to the state 's list of Schedule I controlled substances , the most restrictive category .
The law restricts " all parts of the plant presently classified botanically as Salvia divinorum , whether growing or not ... " and " any extract from any part of such plant , and every compound , manufacture , salts , isomers and salts of isomers [ of the plant ] ... " , which would presumably include salvinorin A. ( see text of bill
Kentucky banned cannabinoid agaonists , piperazines and salvia divinorum on April 13 , 2010 , with the governor signing HB 265 2010 .
See KY HB265 ( thanks mjj ) ( last updated May 18 2010 )
Effective Aug 8 , 2005 ( signed into law Jun 28 , 2005 ) Louisiana Act No 159 makes 40 plants illegal , including S. divinorum , when intended for human consumption .
The law specifically excludes the " possession , planting , cultivation , growing , or harvesting " of these plants if used " strictly for aesthetic , landscaping , or decorative purposes . "
( Text of HLS_05RS - 52 orig ) and Update Jun 2005
On May 15 , 2007 state bill LD 66 was signed into law , making it illegal for anyone under the age of 18 to purchase , possess , or use Salvia divinorum or salvinorin A .
The original bill , which would have banned Salvia altogether , was rewritten after public hearings .
( last updated Jun 1 , 2007 ) ( thanks M , S )
Currently a bill is underway to make Salvia divinorum Schedule I. ( last updated Mar 31 , 2013 )
Several bills have failed to pass .
( last updated Mar 31 , 2013 )
A law controlling Salvia divinorum and salvinorin A , adding them to Michigan 's Schedule I list , was signed on Sep 30 2010 and took effect Oct 1 2010 .
Legislature.mi.gov 2009-2010 Public
Act 0171 . ( thanks an ) ( last updated Oct 23 2010 )
A law passed on Jul 1 , 2008 making possession a Gross misdemeanor .
( last updated Mar 31 , 2013 )
Effective July 1 2008 , Salvia divinorum has been added to Mississippi's list of Schedule I controlled substances , making it illegal to buy , sell , or possess ( see text of SB 2456 bill history ) .
The law does not specifically mention salvinorin A. ( thanks BH , SLL , A1 )
On Aug 28 , 2005 House Bill 633 was incorporated into 195.017 of Missouri 's drug regulation statutes .
S. divinorum and salvinorin A became Schedule I substances in that state .
As far as Erowid knows , Missouri was the first state in the U.S. to schedule S. divinorum or its active chemical .
http://www.moga.state.mo.us/statutes/chapters/chap195.htm .
Violation of this law is a felony .
( thanks Q )
Salvia and salvinorins were controlled in Nebraska in 2009 . " ( 34 ) Salvia divinorum or Salvinorin A. Salvia divinorum or Salvinorin A includes all parts of the plant presently classified botanically as Salvia divinorum , whether growing or not , the seeds thereof , any extract from any part of such plant , and every compound , manufacture , derivative , mixture , or preparation of such plant , its seeds , or its extracts , including salts , isomers , and salts of isomers whenever the existence of such salts , isomers , and salts of isomers is possible within the specific chemical designation . "
See http://www.nebraskalegislature.gov/FloorDocs/101/PDF/Slip/LB123.pdf . ( thanks WMS ) ( last updated Feb 2011 )
Bill in 2008 to Schedule Salvia divinorum never passed completely .
( last updated March 29 , 2015 )
Sales of Salvia divinorum are prohibited in New York as of April 2005 .
( last updated Mar 31 , 2013 )
Salvia divinorum and Salvinorin A was passed on Aug 28 , 2009 .
The law takes effect on December 1 , 2009 .
A violation of the law is punished as an infraction for the first two covictions ( ticket - type crime with minimum $ 25 fine ) and as a Class 3 misdemeanor after that .
The law includes two exceptions by which one can legally possess , plant , cultivate , grow , or harvest S. divinorum , one for " medical or pharmacological research " and one for " aesthetic , landscaping , or decorative purposes " .
A law banning the manufacture , sale , delivery , or possession ofand Salvinorin A was passed on Aug 28 , 2009 .
The law takes effect on December 1 , 2009 .
A violation of the law is punished as an infraction for the first two covictions ( ticket - type crime with minimum $ 25 fine ) and as a Class 3 misdemeanor after that .
The law includes two exceptions by which one can legally possess , plant , cultivate , grow , or harvest , one for " medical or pharmacological research " and one for " aesthetic , landscaping , or decorative purposes " .
See SL2009 - 0538 .
( last updated aug 31 2009 )
As of Apr 1 , 2009 , Salvia divinorum is now controlled in Ohio .
See codes.ohio.gov/orc/3719.41 and Independent Collegian . ( thanks J ) ( last updated Apr 13 , 2009 )
Effective Nov 1 2008 , Oklahoma 's existing controls on salvia have been dramatically increased .
Salvia and salvinorin
A are listed in the state 's Schedule I controlled substances ( most restrictive , see OK Schedule I ) .
Possession is now a felony offense punishable by up to 10 years in jail , and the distribution of salvia is punishable by 5 years to life in prison .
( see article
Not yet controlled in Oregon .
( last updated Mar 31 , 3013 )
Pennsylvania controlled Salvinorin A and Salvia Divinorum [ sic , capital D ] on June 23 , 2011 .
See Senate Bill 1006 , 2011 , sponsored by Vogel ( thanks dr ) ( last updated June 19 , 2012 )
HB 1090 - Feb 24 2009 : An act to prohibit the possession of Salvia divinorum and make it a class 1 misdemeanor to possess up to two ounces of Salvia divinorum and a Class 6 felony to possess more than two ounces .
This law is expected to pass and take effect in March , April , or May 2009 .
( last updated Feb 26 , 2009 ) ( thanks S )
Bill to control Salvia divinorum and salvinorin never passed .
( last updated March 29 , 2015 )
Tennessee has made it a class A misdemeanor to " knowingly produce , manufacture , distribute , possess or possess with intent to produce , manufacture , or distribute the active chemical ingredient in the hallucinogenic plant Salvia divinorum A " , along with the strangely - worded caveat that this prohibition does not apply to " the possession , planting , cultivation , growing , or harvesting of such hallucinogenic plant strictly for aesthetic , landscaping , or decorative purposes . "
Upon approval , SB3247 was designated TCA 39 - 17-452 .
The law took effect on Jul 1 , 2006 .
See also : Ban on hallucinogenic passed by House ( last updated May 2006 ) ( thanks E and MG )
After more than six years of unpassed bills , Salvia divinorum and Salvinorin A were added to the list of controlled substances in Texas in June 2013 , effective Sep 1 , 2013 .
The law seems to make an exception for " growing in its natural state " , which is not clearly defined .
See http://www.legis.state.tx.us/tlodocs/83R/billtext/html/HB00124F.htm
" Salvia divinorum , unless unharvested and growing in its natural state , meaning all parts of that plant , whether growing or not , the seeds of that plant , an extract from a part of that plant , and every compound , manufacture , salt , derivative , mixture , or preparation of that plant , its seeds , or extracts , including Salvinorin A. " .
( thanks jh ) ( last updated Sep 4 , 2013 )
Effective July 1 , 2008 , salvinorin
A will be included in Virginia 's list of Schedule I substances and will be illegal to buy , sell , or possess without a license .
The law does not specifically mention Salvia divinorum , which will presumably be illegal by extension .
( see text of HB21 and bill history ) . ( thanks W )
Salvia divinorum ) .
See Wisconsin banned manufacturing , distributing , or delivering salvinorin A ( but not the raw plant ) .
See http://docs.legis.wisconsin.gov/document/acts/2009/141.pdf : 2009 Wisconsin Act 141 for Salvinorin .
It is possible that prepared extracts could be considered ' containers ' of Salvinorin A , though since the law does not name the plant , the live or raw plant is likely not controlled under this statute .
( thanks pz ) ( last updated July 31 , 2012 )
Wyoming has banned Salvinorin A , adding it to Schedule I along with several synthetic cannabinoid agonist receptors .
See http://legisweb.state.wy.us/2011/Engross/HB0062.pdf ( thanks S ) ( last updated Nov 6 2011 )
March 30 , 2009  -- Rick Wagoner will leave his post as CEO of bailed - out General Motors with a $ 20 million retirement package , the company 's financial filings show .
Although the Treasury Department has barred GM from paying severance to Wagoner or any other senior executive , Wagoner is eligible to collect millions in retirement benefits from his former employer , according to the documents reviewed by ABC News .
The Obama administration asked for Wagoner to resign Sunday , as part of its restructuring of the auto industry .
President Obama said this morning that forcing Wagoner out indicated it was a time for new leadership .
Under Wagoner 's leadership , GM lost tens of billions of dollars , took billions in taxpayer - financed aid , and cut tens of thousands of jobs , including announced plans to cut 47,000 employees by the end of 2009 .
Wagoner 's Private Jet Trip to Washington
Wagoner was one of the three auto industry CEOs who inflamed Congressional ire by flying to Washington in private jets to ask for taxpayers to bail out their beleaguered businesses .
They returned a month later in hybrid cars .
If GM is forced into bankruptcy , Wagoner could get much less , according to Dave Schmidt , an executive compensation analyst with James F. Reda and Associates .
Less than $ 1 million of Wagoner 's total $ 20.2 million pension package appears to be guaranteed if GM goes bankrupt , Schmidt said .
Even if GM is to avoid bankruptcy , Wagoner may need to negotiate with the company 's board to access all or part of the money in his pension fund .
" Most " of Wagoner 's retirement benefits " will be paid out as an annuity over five years , the remainder is a small lifetime annuity , " GM spokeswoman Julie M. Gibson said in an email earlier today .
But in a subsequent " clarification " email after this story published , Gibson said that the terms of Wagoner 's final compensation were not yet hammered out .
" Specifics on any compensation entitled to , or actually paid to Mr. Wagoner are still being reviewed , " she wrote .
Wagoner " has worked for GM for nearly 32 years and he is entitled to certain vested awards , deferred comp and pension and other post retirement benefits , " the company said in an official statement .
" I think it 's another perfect example of why there 's so much frustration among working people , " said Tiffany Ten Eyck of Labor Notes , a Detroit - based independent publication covering unions .
" I would n't mind retiring out of an industry in crisis with a $ 20 million package . "
GM has received billions in loans from the U.S. Treasury Department , and recently asked for billions more .
Under its agreement with Treasury , it can not pay severance fees to senior executives .
That ban does not appear to apply to retirement benefits , however .
After Wagoner 's Private Jet Trip to DC , GM Sells Luxury Fleet
Wagoner began his career at GM in 1977 , working as an analyst for its New York treasurer 's office .
Wagoner was promoted to several positions within the company , including managerial roles in Europe and South America , before being named CEO in 2000 .
Wagoner received compensation topping $ 63 million during his tenure as a GM executive from 1992 through 2008 , according to an analysis of company data by compensation analysts Equilar , Inc .
Last November , ABC News cameras spotted Wagoner in Washington , D.C. arriving on GM's $ 36 million luxury aircraft .
He had come to the nation 's capital to tell members of Congress that the company was burning through cash , and needed over $ 10 billion in U.S. taxpayer funds to stay afloat .
In a followup visit to Washington in December , Wagoner arrived in a Chevy Malibu hybrid .
GM announced plans to sell its corporate luxury jet fleet that same month .
Scott Mayerowitz and Zunaira Zaki contributed to this story .
Contributor Michelle Leder writes at the financial blog footnoted.org .
Apr 23 , 2009
640 Architects and Engineers Call for New 9/11 Investigation
Evidence of Explosives Found in Destruction of All 3 WTC High - Rises
AE911 Truth to Display Evidence at National AIA Convention 4/30 — 5/2 , Moscone Center
Press Conference / Speaking Engagement Saturday May 2 at 4 pm , Westin Market Street Hotel
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
Contact Phone : 510-292-4710
Site : AE911 Truth.org
Email : Contact rg-aia at ae911truth.org
Berkeley , CA , April 23 , 2009 – More than 640 Architects & Engineers for 9/11 Truth ( AE911 Truth ) are calling for a new , independent investigation into the destruction of the World Trade Center high - rises .
These building professionals cite evidence of explosive demolition at all three WTC high - rises on 9/11 and document the evidence at their website .
Michael Heimbach , assistant director of the FBI 's counterterrorism division , wrote that their claims and conclusion were " backed by thorough research and analysis . "
AE911 Truth will host exhibitor 's information booth # 2609 at this year 's annual convention of the prestigious American Institute of Architects ( AIA ) .
The convention , with more than 800 exhibitors and more than 20,000 participating architects , will take place in San Francisco 's Moscone Center , April 30 - May 2 .
This exhibition will be followed up on Saturday May 2nd with a dynamic multi-media presentation by AE911 Truth founder Richard Gage , AIA .
Mr Gage will cover the forensic evidence found at the crime scene as well as a review of the omissions in the official FEMA and NIST reports .
Join AE911 Truth at the Westin Market Street Hotel at 50 Third St. in San Francisco at 4:00 pm on Saturday for this thorough review of the myth - shattering information .
Time magazine acknowledged in 2006 that the 9/11 Truth movement was not a " fringe phenomenon , " but " a mainstream political reality . "
As well , Architects & Engineers for 9/11 Truth petition signers have been encouraged by President Obama 's promise to " restore science to its rightful place . "
Join AE911
Truth at booth # 2609 to review the startling evidence not reported in the media or by agencies in charge of the investigations .
http://www.ae911truth.org/info/55
By Roger Harrabin
Environment analyst , BBC News
Biochar brings benefits to soils , boosting plant growth Green guru James Lovelock claims that the only hope of mitigating catastrophic climate change is through biochar - biomass " cooked " by pyrolysis .
It produces gas for energy generation , and charcoal - a stable form of carbon .
The charcoal is then buried in the ground , making the process " carbon negative " .
Researchers say biochar can also improve farm productivity and cut demand for carbon - intensive fertilisers .
There 's a flurry of worldwide interest in the technology , but is the hype justified ?
Fertile ground A ripe whiff of sludge drifts across the sewage works in Bingen , Germany , as a conveyor belt feeds a stream of semi- dried effluent into a steel container .
Behind the container , the treated effluent emerges in the form of glittering black granules .
In a flash of eco-alchemy , they are turning sewage into charcoal .
The charcoal is then buried to lock the carbon into the ground and prevent it entering the atmosphere .
Proponents of the technology say it is so effective at storing carbon that it should be included in the next global climate agreement .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement Burying the biochar can also improve soil fertility , say experts .
Field trials are about to begin at Rothamsted , south - east England , to assess the benefits to soil structure and water retention .
Experiments in Australia , US and Germany are already showing some remarkable results - especially on otherwise poor soils where the honeycomb granules of biochar act as a reservoir for moisture and fertilisers .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A growing worldwide movement is now bringing together the soil scientists fascinated by the benefits of biochar , which was first discovered in Pre-Columbian Amazonia , and the engineers devising new ways of making the char .
They are being backed by activists who are concerned about climate change .
At Bingen , the design engineer for the biochar plant , Helmut Gerber , originally devised the pyrolysis equipment to overcome the problem of ash from sewage waste choking conventional boilers .
Normally , sewage treatment is a significant source of greenhouse gases .
The waste is usually incinerated ( with more emissions ) and the resulting ash is used in the building industry .
At Bingen , 10 % of the sewage stream is being diverted to the prototype pyrolysis plant , where it is heated with minimum oxygen .
Carbon monoxide and methane are driven off and burned to heat the pyrolysis process .
Mr Gerber claims his process radically cuts the fuel costs and carbon emissions needed to treat the sewage .
' Carbon negative ' process Working with Professor Winfried Sehn from Bingen 's University of Applied Sciences , Mr Gerber calculates that 60 % of the carbon from the sewage is locked up in the char .
The buried carbon will be kept from entering the atmosphere for a projected 1,000 years or more .
And as the sewage was originally created from plants , which removed CO2 from the atmosphere , the total process is described as carbon negative .
The pyrolyser at Bingen - like others being developed elsewhere - can transform any carbon - based substance , including some plastics .
That means pyrolysis can get energy from agricultural waste , food waste and biomass .
But the catch is that it creates less energy than burning biomass in a conventional way .
Research by oil giant
Shell , showing a keen interest in biochar as a carbon storage mechanism , suggests that it can capture half the carbon from the biomass by foregoing a third of the potential energy .
Now there is a lot of excitement about what biochar can achieve
Dr Bruno Glaser
For all its apparent benefits , there are substantial barriers to the progress of biochar .
Perfecting and disseminating the technology at an affordable price will be an issue .
Moreover , current financial systems reward energy production from biomass and waste - not carbon storage .
Biochar would need clear global incentives .
One key to its progress will be ongoing research into the soil benefits .
The porous biochar attracts worms .
It also captures nutrients that would otherwise run off the land , which reduces the need for carbon - intensive fertilisers .
Research at Cornell University in New York , US , suggests that burying biochar appears to double the capacity of soils to store organic carbon ( compost releases its carbon in a few years ) .
Research in Australia suggests that biochar also reduces emissions of the powerful greenhouse gas nitrous oxide from soil .
New studies at the University of Bayreuth , Germany , shows that biochar may almost double plant growth in poor soils .
" Research on biochar began back in 1947 , " says Dr Bruno Glaser , a researcher from the University of Bayreuth .
" But this has been forgotten until the 1980s .
Now there is a lot of excitement about what biochar can achieve . "
Dr Glaser is working on studies to see how effective it proves to be on poor soils in northern Germany .
At Newcastle University , Professor David Manning is also an enthusiast .
He says with the right incentives biochar could perhaps lock up as much carbon as the amount generated by aviation .
Several biochar stoves have been developed for use in developing countries .
Belize and a number of African governments are attempting to get biochar accepted as a climate change mitigation and adaptation technology for the post -2012 treaty to be negotiated in Copenhagen in December .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
A chat with Jim Gaffigan , Jim Gaffigan interview , King Baby , My Boys , Pale Force
TV Home / Entertainment Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
If you think the name “ Jim Gaffigan ” sounds familiar but you can’t quite place him , then it ’ll probably only take two words to make the lightbulb above your head turn on : Hot Pockets .
Yes , Gaffigan ’s the tall , pale man who occasionally drifts into a high - pitched voice in the midst of his stand - up routine … and he ’s hilarious .
If you need proof , just tune into Comedy Central on March 29th to see his new special , “ King Baby . ”
Or check out “ My Boys , ” which returns to TBS for its third season on March 31st .
Bullz - Eye spoke to Gaffigan about both of these things , as well as the price of developing a signature routine , sharing KFC bowls with Patton Oswalt , and the future of “ Pale Force . ”
Jim Gaffigan : Hey , it ’s Jim Gaffigan .
Is this Will ?
BE : It is !
JG : Will , I ’m sorry it took me so long to call you .
I had , like , all of these calls back to back , and I never know how to get off the phone call , and I end up being late , and it pushes into another one .
BE : I ’m sorry , but I ca n’t forgive you .
JG : Oh , shit .
I had a feeling this was going to happen .
BE : It ’s really soured the conversation for me .
JG : Yeah , it ’s very awkward .
BE : ( Laughs )
So I watched your new special , and it ’s fantastic .
JG : Oh , really ?
BE : And I understand you ’ve been signed up as the new spokesperson not only for SpeedStick but also for Waffle House as well .
JG : Yeah !
SpeedStick ... ( Laughs )
So you got the DVD , right ?
BE : Well , actually , I received a screener of the special from Comedy Central , but then I also received the actual DVD as it ’s being released in stores .
JG : Okay , cool .
BE : Which is to say that I ’ve also spent a lot of time basking in the special features of the disc .
I thought it was awesome that they included three of the “ Pale Force ” adventures on there .
" I ’m kind of like a guy who ’s missing a little bit of the guy gene .
Like , I love steak , but the notion of golfing is the last thing I would want to do .
I love women , but I ’m also a mama ’s boy , and some of my best friends are women .
So I ’m kinda half guy ’s guy . "
JG : Yeah !
I have n’t gotten a hard version of the DVD yet .
I know there were different elements that were going to be on there , because I wanted there to be , like , tons of stuff on there , as far as extras , and hopefully they ’d all be good .
I know that , whenever I buy a DVD and it says that it has bonus features , some of it feels like , “ Well , you just threw all this crap on here , and I do n’t even want it ! ”
So I wanted it to be stuff that , hopefully , was good .
BE : Oh , it was great .
I ’m pretty sure I watched every bonus item on there .
JG : Oh , good !
BE : So here ’s my first question : do you remember the exact moment at which you decided to embrace your paleness ?
JG : Yeah , that ’s a really good question , because … I mean , it ’s ironic , because I kind of resented it most of my childhood .
I guess it was around “ Pale Force ” when I was , like , “ Oh , my God , I ca n’t believe it : this paleness is actually a benefit ! ”
You know ?
I mean , I ’d kind of named it “ Beyond the Pale , ” I ’d given that name to the special and the DVD to kind of , like , say , “ I ’m done with all of these pale jokes . ”
And then “ Pale Force ” kind of took on some steam , and it just ended up where the pale thing continued on , and it kind of connected with pale people .
So I was just , “ Alright , well … ”
BE : So is “ Pale Force ” going to continue onto “ The Tonight Show ” ?
JG : You know , there ’s no specific plans .
I mean , some of it is …I was working on this hour special , so I did n’t really have an opportunity to do one around the final episode of “ Late Night with Conan O’Brien . ”
But , yeah , we ’ll see .
I ’m sorry to be so vague , but it ’s one of those things where it was , like , “ Should I fly out and just show one ? ”
And then they ’re doing all this stuff during the last week , and I did n’t want to be all , “ I want to be on camera ! ”
BE : So how did “ Pale Force ” come up in the first place ?
JG : Well , I had done numerous appearances on “ Conan , ” and there came a point where my brother - in - law started coming with me , who ’s a cartoonist with “ The New Yorker . ”
There were running jokes where , like , Conan would introduce me as “ the palest guy , ” and I would comment on him and all this stuff .
And my brother - in - law came up with the idea of doing a cartoon , and then wrote a script about it , and we kind of pitched it to them , and they said , “ Let ’s do it as a lark . ”
And it kind of turned into this internet show , and it ended up kind of being one of those things where it was a lot of work .
So I like it , but … ( Laughs ) “ Pale Force ” is …I mean , it ’s animation .
It ’s not like you can just throw it out there .
( Hesitates ) Shit .
I ’m getting another call .
Hey , would it be okay if I called you back in , like , half an hour ?
BE : Sure .
JG : ( Surprised ) Really ?
BE : Yeah , no problem .
I work at home , and I do n’t have any other interviews today .
JG : Okay , thanks !
( Writer ’s note : Well , it seemed like a good idea at the time .
Unfortunately , the half - hour passed , then turned into an hour and a half .
I dropped a line to Jim ’s publicist to find out how long he was going to be doing interviews today , figuring he was just trying to play catch - up .
Once that time period passed , however , I was still in waiting mode .
His publicist suggested that I go ahead and try him on his cell phone , so I did …and got his voicemail .
So I asked him to call me back , and he did … during the brief window when I left the house to pick up my daughter .
Finally , however , we managed to reconnect . )
JG : Will .
BE : Jim .
JG : I am sorry .
You would n’t believe … I do n’t know if you ’ve been part of it , but because of my schedule , I ’ve had to cancel interviews and move them day after day after day .
So I apologize .
BE : Absolutely not a big deal .
The only reason I even followed up was to make sure that I was n’t going to walk out the door right when you called … which , of course , is exactly what I did .
But all is forgiven .
So I made the sarcastic comment earlier about how you were going to be the new spokesperson for both SpeedStick and Waffle House , neither of which is remotely true , but I ’m also guessing you probably wo n’t be doing ads for the state of West Virginia anytime soon , either .
JG : Well , you know , the amazing thing is …I ’m glad you brought that up , actually , because that ’s a joke I love , but it ’s one of those where … I do n’t know .
Between you and I , did it work ?
Is it funny ?
BE : I think so .
JG : Okay , good .
BE : But , then , I ’m from Virginia , and it ’s always fun for us to make fun of West Virginia .
JG : Yeah , and I ’m from Indiana , so we ’re kind of in the same boat .
But I love that joke , but I was terrified that it was n’t going to work , because I did n’t want it to be about bagging on West Virginia .
I wanted it to be about the slogan of “ Almost Heaven : West Virginia . ”
Like , if Kentucky ’s slogan was “ Almost Heaven : Kentucky , ” it would ’ve been about that .
So blame John Denver , do n’t blame me .
" I have this video on YouTube from this phone conversation that I had with Barack Obama when I was on a radio show , and it ’s very non-partisan , I just use it as a promotional tool , and people go crazy !
They go , “ You ’re a Barack Obama guy ?
I do n’t like you now ! ”
But that ’s not the point of it !
The point is that it ’s just a joke ! ”
BE : I wanted to ask you about your bit on KFC Bowls .
Were you aware that Patton Oswalt also has a bit about them ?
JG : Yeah , but , y’know , that ’s one of my older jokes on the special , and Patton ’s … I think they ’re dramatically different , anyway .
BE : Oh , they are .
I just did n’t know if you ’d been aware of his .
JG : Yeah , I was .
It was one of those where I ’d done mine on “ Conan , ” and then I saw him do his on the end - of - the - year thing .
And his is very funny , but I felt like they were … like , neither of them are our signature joke , so it ’s not the end of the world .
If you look for topics where there ’s overlaps , there ’s gonna be topics that overlap for a lot of comedians .
BE : So as I ’m watching the special , I could n’t help but think that you ’ve spent a fair amount of time doing guy things .
I mean , even though you kind of bag on both bowling and camping , they ’re definitely both very much guy things to do .
JG : Yeah , I mean , I ’m very much … I ’m kind of like a guy who ’s missing a little bit of the guy gene .
Like , I love steak , but the notion of golfing is the last thing I would want to do .
I love women , but I ’m also a mama ’s boy , and some of my best friends are women .
So I ’m kinda half guy ’s guy .
And I like bowling .
It ’s just one of those things where I can do so many jokes about it because I do know bowling .
Somebody once said , “ The whitest things in the world are Jim Gaffigan and bowling . ” ( Laughs )
It ’s just one of those things that white people like , and I kind of fit in there .
BE : When you mentioned how great it would be if there was only some way to bowl without getting up from the couch , I could n’t help but think of the fact that my wife and I have played Wii Bowling without ever standing up .
JG : Yeah , and I tried to work in there about how there are bowling games at bars .
The fact that they ’d make it a video game …
( Trails off )
BE : Did you have any routine that was filmed for the special that did n’t end up making the cut , for one reason or another ?
JG : You know , I took out a lot of stuff that …I ’m so detail - oriented that there ’s stuff that I did n’t tape because I knew that there would be this desire to go , “ All right , look , it ’s 70 minutes , and if we leave that stuff in , it ’ll be 80 minutes . ”
Some of it is travel stuff .
I did additional stuff on hotels and traveling , and I did n’t put that in there because … well , y’know , for comedians , talking about traveling is a bit like kryptonite .
The DVD is …I feel like the special , everybody would like it , but some of the material on the DVD is n’t necessarily .
Like , when I talk about the Apostles , you kinda have to be on my side to get it .
In my view , I feel like the Apostle stuff was thrown in because I was having a really good time on the last show , so I did it because my wife and I think it ’s hysterical .
And somebody who ’s been to church or was raising Catholic would probably think it was funny , but outside of that , I do n’t know if people would get it .
BE : On that note , I actually laughed really hard when you made the joke about Jesus doing miracles and putting up shelves , because they did n’t really bring up his carpentry skills too much after people started finding out who his dad was .
JG : I had some more religion stuff .
Believe it or not , I took out some ketchup jokes and some bacon jokes … ( Laughs ) … and I took out some religion jokes .
There was one after the Catholic / Protestant thing , which was , “ I do n’t understand why , when it comes to religion , there have to be teams .
Why does it have to be the Protestants , the Jews , ” and then I point to myself and said , “ And the ones that are going to Heaven , ” or some variation on that joke .
It ’s very sarcastic , and if you really know me , you ’d think it was funny , but , y’know , I ’m very non-political , and I want my material to be universal , but there are still people who go crazy .
I have this video on YouTube from this phone conversation that I had with Barack Obama when I was on a radio show , and it ’s very non-partisan , I just use it as a promotional tool , and people go crazy !
They go , “ You ’re a Barack Obama guy ?
I do n’t like you now ! ”
But that ’s not the point of it !
The point is that it ’s just a joke !
But some people …it ’s just weird .
As successful as I am , there ’s bound to be people that get angry .
I did a benefit with all of these really good New York comics who are pretty edgy , and I ’m one of the safest .
It ’s , like , me and Seinfeld and Tom Papa .
Very accessible .
You could have a 10 - year - old in the audience .
So we ’re doing this benefit , and it ’s a bunch of New York comics , and I went on first , and they were kind of like , “ Oh. Oh . ” To some of my material .
And I ’m , like , “ Man , if you guys have a problem with me , you ’re gonna have a big problem for the rest of the night . ”
I do n’t know if you know who Judy Gold is , but she ’s really funny , and she ’s kind of in your face .
She came on next , and I just loved that they would be freaked out about me !
BE : I had a couple of “ My Boys ” question for you .
JG : Sure .
BE : The first time I saw the show , I did n’t really know anyone else in the cast , so when I saw your name , it felt like , “ Aaaaaand Jim Gaffigan as Andy ! ”
But it ’s really a great ensemble .
How was it coming into the group ?
It seemed like it gelled pretty quickly .
JG : Yeah , I mean , it ’s really a great group of people , and …you know , I have a lot of mixed emotions with “ My Boys . ”
It ’s a great group of people , but there is a part of me that …well , it ’s hard for a comedian , when you usually write and perform and more or less direct yourself .
I ’ve done many movies and TV shows , but there ’s part of me that has the desire to have a little bit more control over it .
I mean , I like being a hired gun in certain situations , but there ’s a part of me that wants to have a bit more control .
And having done guest spots on “ Flight of the Conchords , ” where it really is that kind of free and easy feel , there ’s the natural appeal of that .
I love acting .
I have a part in this new Sam Mendes movie , and there ’s something really appealing about being part of an ensemble , but there ’s also a part of me that really wants to do my own thing .
If that makes sense .
BE : It does .
But I presume you have the freedom to do at least a little bit of ad - libbing on “ My Boys . ”
JG : There ’s some .
Television ’s very much a writer ’s medium , as it probably should be , but if you ’re not the writer , then as the performer , you defer to that .
It ’s just kind of how it ’s constructed .
Is there some leeway ?
Yeah .
But I also do n’t want to come across as a jerk .
BE : How did your wife feel about Andy ’s work - wife saga on the show ?
JG : You know , she plays my wife on the show …
BE : Oh , I know !
" With the Hot Pockets thing , I got very lucky with the timing .
The influence of Hot Pockets , the consumption of them , has so helped people ’s awareness of me .
But then there is kind of the other side , where it ’s , like , “ Do I need more people in the airport yelling ‘ Hot Pockets ’ at me ? "
JG : Well , “ My Boys , ” for me and my family , is , in a lot of ways , an excuse for us to get to L.A. for two months in the dead of winter .
( Laughs )
BE : You mentioned appearing on “ Flight of the Conchords . ”
How did you fall into your role on that show ?
Were you just a fan of theirs , or did they approach you ?
JG : You know , I definitely had a big interest in doing “ Flight of the Conchords . ” Jermaine and Bret , I think , are really funny guys , and I love the whole tone of the show .
But the guy who directed my special directed some of the episodes , he recommended me , and it kind of went from there .
BE : Well , if there ’s one thing that you have in common with that show , it ’s the music , because the tunes on “ Pale Force ” are downright insidious in their catchiness .
JG : Yeah , and that ’s all Patrick Noth , and he ’s an amazing musician and composer , whatever the terminology is .
It ’s literally one of those things where we would turn to him and say , “ We need the music for this , ” and he would come right back with it .
BE : I just have a couple more for you , but I wanted to ask about this new viral video of yours , “ Hot Pockets Revenge . ”
It ’s awesome …and , I suspect , at least somewhat inspired by real - life events .
JG : You know , that ’s literally a day old , so I ’m glad that you saw it .
Did I bring it up earlier ?
BE : No , I did a search for your name on YouTube , and it was one of the first things that came up .
JG : Oh , great !
Well , you know , the Hot Pockets thing overall is a blessing .
For a comedian to kind of catch onto something right as something ’s catching on in our culture , a lot of it is luck , and you hope the joke is funny .
With the Hot Pockets thing , I got very lucky with the timing .
The influence of Hot Pockets , the consumption of them , has so helped people ’s awareness of me .
But then there is kind of the other side , where it ’s , like , “ Do I need more people in the airport yelling ‘ Hot Pockets ’ at me ? ” Probably not .
But to answer your question , that viral video was definitely inspired by some experiences that I ’ve had , but it ’s also one of those things where …my friend Todd Glass , he totally gets the idea of it , and it ’s really funny .
BE : The first time somebody brought you a Hot Pockets box , did you think , “ Uh - oh , what have I started ? ”
JG : No , I was thrilled !
I ’m still very …it ’s very flattering that anyone even notices you , you know ?
I ’ve been doing stand - up for ten years in relative obscurity , and I ’m very grateful that I get the opportunity to do these meet - and - greets afterwards .
BE : Yeah , I remember in the special features where you were talking about that , and in the clip where you ’re interacting with the fans , it was amazing how happy you seemed to be .
A lot of people really just go through the motions with those things .
JG : Yeah , I mean , I kind of consider myself … I mean , I try to have my comedy be accessible , and if people are paying $ 30 to see me in a theater and they want to have their picture taken with me , it ’s not the end of the world , you know what I mean ?
It ’s one of those things where I ’m not the only comic who does it .
A lot of comics do it .
If I ’m doing a 4,000 - seat venue , it might be a little bit of a different task , but it ’s all good .
BE : You ’ve turned up on a couple of the “ Law & Order ” series , and I was talking to Joe Lo Truglio ( from “ The State ” ) , and he said that it ’s a situation where , if you want to be taken seriously as an actor in New York City , you pretty much have to do “ Law & Order . ”
JG : Yes .
It ’s kind of a rite of passage , I guess , in New York .
I mean , I ’m a huge “ Law & Order ” fan , so I ’ve done numerous episodes , and I just loved it .
It ’s just fun .
And I have n’t watched one in awhile , but …I do n’t know if you ’ve seen the “ Pale Force ” “ Law & Order ” episode ?
BE : Actually , I have n’t !
JG : I think it ’s pretty funny , not that there have n’t been plenty of parodies .
But , anyway , it ’s definitely one of those things where the show ’s been around so long that you know the different characters and the nuances of the actors , and it ’s just a blast .
BE : I know you appeared on two different episodes of “ Criminal Intent , ” four years apart .
Were you concerned that someone might remember you from the first time around and be thrown out of their suspension of disbelief ?
“ Hey , wait , that ’s not his name … ! ”
JG : ( Laughs ) I do n’t know !
You see numerous New York actors turn up more than once .
If you ’re a real “ Law & Order ” fan , then …well , it ’s probably a sign that you ’re watching too much “ Law & Order ” if you notice !
But I ’d love to go back to do another one .
I wish I could do more , but it ’s just an availability thing .
BE : What ’s your favorite project that you ’ve worked on that did n’t get the love you deserved ?
JG : Well , I think “ The Great and Wonderful ” was a great movie .
There are a couple of movies that I was fortunate enough to be in .
I thought “ Stephanie Daley ” was great .
We went to Sundance , we had a screening , and we all thought , “ Wow , this is good ! ”
But it never went anywhere .
But Amber Tamblyn was amazing in it .
Some of it is … there ’s momentum to certain movies .
And luck .
Particularly with the smaller ones .
I do n’t know , I feel like this Sam Mendes movie might get some traction , but we ’ll see .
BE : That ’s “ Away We Go ” ?
JG : Yeah , and that was really fun .
That ’s with Allison Janney .
I play her husband .
BE : And , lastly , were you thrilled to find that you ’d appeared in a movie that had won quite a few Razzies ?
I ’m speaking , of course , of “ The Love Guru . ”
JG : ( Innocently )
Oh , did it …?
BE : ( Laughs ) Yes , it did .
JG : You know , it ’s interesting , because being this journeyman actor where you do small parts in things …
I mean , I worked one day on “ Super Troopers , ” and people still say , “ How ya doin ’ , Meow ? ”
And they bring me DVDs to sign at shows .
And I literally worked on that movie for , like , four hours !
( Laughs )
It ’s really interesting to get even some of the credit for the success of that movie .
And with “ The Love Guru , ” I worked on that movie for one day , I ’m a huge Mike Myers fan , and there was Stephen Colbert , and …y ’know , I never saw the final product .
I never really seek out seeing myself in stuff .
It was interesting to see the E- mails or these Facebook messages saying , “ You were good .
I did n’t like the movie , but … ” ( Laughs ) I mean , if people are going out of their way to say something like that , you have to figure you ’re heading for a trainwreck .
BE : Okay , Jim , I appreciate you getting back with me .
: Hey , thank you , Will…and , again , I ’m sorry about earlier !
Former two words , brandable domain representing Sustainable Sushi – website to help you protect the wild tuna by ordering other , more sustainable sushi .
Got featured and still has live , natural organic links / mentions in major online media outlets like NYTimes.com , ScientificAmerican.com , Eater.com , Salon.com , etc .
Read more :
About the Author
Toro ( Honmaguro )
Mercury Risk : Low
Unagi
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) -- Conservative activists on Saturday named former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney the winner of a poll for best 2012 GOP presidential candidate .
Former Massachusetts Gov. Mitt Romney won 20 percent of the vote in straw poll for presidential favorites .
The poll marked the third consecutive year Romney came out on top .
Louisiana Gov. Bobby Jindal placed second in the annual poll , conducted at the Conservative Political Action Conference .
Romney received 20 percent of the vote and Jindal got 14 percent .
Close behind were Texas Rep. Ron Paul and Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin , who each received 13 percent of the vote .
The results were culled over two days from 1,757 of the party activists who came to Washington for the annual conference and filled out ballots on Thursday and Friday .
Nearly 60 percent of the straw poll participants were between the ages of 18 and 25 .
More than half of the conference attendees this year were college students .
The choices in the poll were : Florida Gov. Charlie Crist ; former House speaker Newt Gingrich ; former New York City mayor Rudy Giuliani ; former Arkansas Gov. Mike Huckabee ; Jindal ; Paul ; Palin ; Minnesota Gov. Tim Pawlenty ; Romney ; South Carolina Gov. Mark Sanford , and " Undecided . "
There was also space on the ballot for a write - in candidate .
The results could go a long way in shoring up a presidential hopeful 's conservative resume , as was the case with Romney when he won the straw poll in 2007 for 2008 .
The eventual Republican nominee , Sen. John McCain , finished fifth in the 2007 vote , and lost to Romney in 2008 as conservatives at the conference expressed frustration that the Senate maverick was close to cinching up the nomination .
In criticizing Obama and House Democrats in a speech Friday , Romney -- often interrupted by standing ovations -- made clear that he intends to remain a player in Republican politics as he eyes a potential presidential bid in 2012 .
CPAC attendees also were able to vote on their approval of President Obama and Republicans in Congress .
Only 4 percent said they approve of the job Obama is doing .
CPAC ended Saturday with radio talk show host Rush Limbaugh delivering the keynote address .
Limbaugh called on conservatives to take the country back .
" I want to tell you who conservatives are .
We conservatives have not done a good enough job of just laying out basically who we are because we make the mistake of assuming that people know , " he said .
" We love people .
When we look out over the United States of America , when we 're anywhere , when we see a group of people such as this or anywhere , we see Americans . "
In order to take the country back , Limbaugh said , " All we need is to nominate the right candidate .
It 's no more complicated than that . "
Limbaugh praised Obama as one of the most gifted politicans he has seen , but said , " It just breaks my heart that he does not use these extraordinary talents and gifts to motivate and inspire the American people to be the best they can be .
He 's doing just the opposite . "
Limbaugh accused Obama of wanting people to be in fear instead of motivating the country .
In the absence of a clear GOP leader , a political ad airing Friday put out by supporters of Obama implies the conservative radio host has himself become the de facto head of the Republican Party .
The ad argues that the Republican leadership in Congress is following Limbaugh 's lead in opposing the Obama administration 's $ 787 billion stimulus package .
" So who are Republican leaders listening to ? , " the announcer asks before the 30 - second ad cuts abruptly to footage of Limbaugh saying , " I want him [ Obama ] to fail . "
It was paid for by Americans United for Change and the American Federation of State , County and Municipal Employees ( AFSCME ) union , two groups that supported Obama during the election and are advocating for his agenda .
In response to the ad , the Republican National Committee said , " The Democrats are running a permanent campaign rather than doing the bipartisan work of governing . "
Read about the new ad
" These ads are part of the Democrats ' larger strategy to do something , anything , to try to take the focus off their massive spending binge , " RNC spokesman Alex Conant said .
Watch : Who will lead the GOP ? »
Meanwhile , throughout the conference , other Republican leaders and rising stars took turns at the podium .
Pawlenty told the conference audience Saturday that Republicans must do a better job of reaching out to working - class voters , a group he said agrees with the GOP on most issues , from gun rights to health care to education .
The problem , Pawlenty said , is that lower and middle income voters -- a group he terms " Sam's Club voters " -- do n't believe Republicans " are for the working person . "
He said the party must stress its commitment to job creation and market itself " with a feel and concern and tone and an understanding of the importance and the challenges of the working class of this country .
" And it does n't mean we have to sacrifice our principles to do it , " Pawlenty said .
Like most of the Republicans who have addressed the annual gathering of conservatives this week , Pawlenty characterized the White House economy recovery package as a " sprawling spending buffet . "
The governor bemoaned the president 's budget plan , unveiled earlier this week , which predicted a $ 1.75 trillion deficit for the upcoming fiscal year .
" A day or two later the Democrats convened a fiscal responsibility summit , " he said .
" What 's next ?
Are they going to have Rod Blagojevich convene an ethics summit ? "
Pawlenty and his wife Mary also spoke Friday night to a closed - door reception for " Rebuild the Party , " a Web - based grassroots initiative to modernize the party .
On Friday , Romney and Gingrich packed the ballroom .
Texas Rep. Ron Paul also drew a big crowd and lots of applause .
Paul said the conservative movement has struggled to define what it means to be a conservative .
CNN 's Peter Hamby , Kristi Keck , Mark Preston and Martina Stewart contributed to this report .
All About Rush Limbaugh • Republican Party
Late yesterday , members of the Internet Information Security Consortium ( I2SecC ) working in conjunction with a cadre of white - hat hackers from around the globe were able to identify the purpose of the Conficker worm , which has been able to infect a large number of unprotected computers .
Starting today , April 1 , this network of compromised hosts will begin a massive denial - of - service attack on Web sites that do not pass validation as being fully standards compliant .
In order to ensure you do not fall victim to the worm ’s botnet , I2SecC recommends immediate validation of the markup and supporting stylesheets for any Web site that you maintain and correcting any errors that are uncovered .
As yet , it is unclear whether the worm will target sites that make use of non-standard DOM scripting ; however , a message found by I2SecC researchers in an online forum believed to be from the worm ’s creator or a close associate hints that it will : “ your document .
all are belong to us . ”
Every week Bob Westal whips up a new drink recipe , from the classics we all love to new recipes to try out when you 're out or at home .
A chat with Lea Thompson , Lea Thompson interview , Exit Speed , Back to the Future , Caroline in the CIty
Movies Home / Entertainment Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
Lea Thompson spent a great deal of the 1980s making teenaged boys swoon , whether it was as Miss Amanda Jones in John Hughes ’ “ Some Kind of Wonderful ” or as Marty McFly ’s romantically misguided mother in the “ Back to the Future ” films .
From there , she made an impression on TV viewers as the star of NBC ’s “ Caroline in the City , ” and in recent years , she ’s been a staple on the Hallmark Channel as the lead in their “ Jane Doe ” films .
Currently , she ’s starring the action drama “ Exit Speed , ” which premieres on DVD this week .
We spoke to Thompson about the aforementioned films , a pair of eccentric co-stars from her past ( Joaquin Phoenix and Crispin Glover ) , and , of course , we could n’t let her get away with talking about “ Howard the Duck . ”
Bullz - Eye : Hello ?
Lea Thompson : ( Uncertainly ) Hello , this is Lea Thompson …?
BE : Hey , this is Will Harris !
How are you ?
LT : ( Laughs ) I am pretty dang good .
BE : Well , excellent .
It ’s a pleasure to talk to you .
LT : Nice to talk to you too .
BE : Well , I have to admit that I went into “ Exit Speed ” a little skeptical , but it played like a good old fashioned 70 ’s drive - in movie .
LT : Is n’t it funny ?
I know , I know .
Me , too .
BE : So how did you find your way into that project ?
LT : I do n’t know .
I think they just offered it to me , and I really liked the character .
I thought it would be fun .
I had been doing a lot of action movies on The Hallmark Channel , which have no blood .
So I was really interested in spending some time with some real blood .
( Laughs )
BE : Blood and profanity .
LT : Yeah , a little bit of profanity , too , I guess .
I just liked the character .
It ’s actually a great character .
That ’s how I choose them .
And it ended up being a brutal shoot .
Like , a horrible shoot .
BE : Oh , really ?
Where did you film ?
LT : We were in Dallas .
It was a weird period of time in Dallas where it rained every single day , so we were stuck in that mud , and it was …well , it was horrible .
BE : One thing that made me laugh about the film was the fact that is seemed like Fred Ward spent 90 % of the film driving .
LT : I know .
Is n’t that awesome ?
BE : Definitely .
They just kept cutting back to him , and there he is , furrowing his brow as he continues to drive .
LT : He ’s hilarious .
He ’s great .
That was really another attraction ; I really liked him .
BE : So , as a rule , how do you pick your projects these days ?
The ones outside of Hallmark , I mean .
Between the “ Jane Doe ” franchise and the various movies , they must keep you hopping in and of itself .
On " Exit Speed " : " I had been doing a lot of action movies on The Hallmark Channel , which have no blood .
So I was really interested in spending some time with some real blood . "
LT : Well , actually , I ’m not making those anymore , but , you know , it ’s usually just the part .
Or something like that .
Tomorrow , I ’m doing a sketch comedy show here in L.A. , and that ’s a whole other thing .
You know , something I have never done before .
I just like to keep moving , and if you just wait for the big projects to come around , you might wait a really long time .
So I did a couple of musicals this fall .
I did a musical with Jason Alexander here in L.A. , called “ I Love My Wife , ” and I ’m developing a couple of movies to direct .
You know , it ’s the story of America right now : you ’ve got to diversify and keep trying new things .
BE : Actually , I just talked to Patrick Warburton , and he was talking about “ Rock Slyde , ” which I see you ’re also in .
LT : Oh , my God. ( Laughs ) I did approximately two hours on that movie , so I do n’t know anything about “ Rock Slyde . ”
My girlfriend said , “ Someone cancelled ; will you come play with me ? ” I ’m , like , “ Sure ! ”
BE : I saw “ Senior Skip Day ” awhile back .
LT : Oh , my God .
BE : Now , that seemed like that was a lot of fun , you getting to play the mom in a teen comedy .
LT : You know , that was one day , too !
( Laughs )
A friend of mine was , like , “ Come play for one day , ” and you just do it .
Actually , I thought it was kind of cute when I saw that movie .
Yeah , that ’s what it ’s like now ; it ’s a very different business than it used to be .
You know , everybody ’s doing a lot of different things just because of the nature of things going straight to DVD and there are web things and live things .
You know what I mean ?
It use to be so compartmentalized , like , you either did musicals or you did comedy .
Everybody kind of has to try everything now .
It ’s a different business than when I first started .
BE : Well , I actually had a Lea Thompson marathon last night , because I got my copy of “ Howard the Duck ” on DVD as well .
LT : No !
BE : Yes .
LT : You ’re kidding me !
BE : I am not .
They reissued it , and it ’s got this featurette where you contributed an interview .
LT : Right , I mean , I knew it was coming out , but I did n’t know it was actually hot off the presses .
BE : I ’m not sure if it ’s actually in stores yet .
I ’d have to check that , because I got an advance screener .
But I saved it until I was watching “ Exit Speed , ” too .
LT : You know , my big hope for that “ Howard the Duck ” thing was that they were going to put the rock video on there , but I do n’t think that they did .
BE : They did not …although , actually , I just linked to it on my Facebook page .
They ’ve got it on YouTube .
LT : ( Shocked )
They have the rock video on YouTube ?
BE : Yeah , they do .
I think somebody has actually transferred it from VHS or something , because it ’s not a great quality , but at least I got to see it .
LT : Oh , man , I do n’t even have a copy of it .
BE : Oh , really ?
LT : And it is so cool .
You know what else is really obscure that I have ?
I think it ’s the 17 - inch dance mix of “ Howard the Duck . ”
It ’s kind of outrageous .
BE : When I interviewed Thomas Dolby in 2007 , I asked if he would be willing to contribute to the DVD and he was , like “ I probably would .
I thought the music was actually great . ”
LT : I love him .
What a great guy .
BE : So what was that movie like ?
I mean , obviously , you worked hard on it .
but then it came out and everyone was making use of the “ Howard lays an egg ” joke .
LT : You know , it was really hard .
I ’ve had such an interesting career , but it was really hard because , like , the same year I was in , like , the most beloved movie ( “ Back to the Future ” ) and then the most hated movie .
You know , I got a real education on the ups and downs of Hollywood … ( Laughs ) … which has done well for me since !
That ’s just what it is : it ’s ups and downs .
But , you know , it was an odd movie , really .
My kids ca n’t watch it .
By the time I get in bed with the duck , they are , like , “ Turn it off , mom . ”
“ My kids ca n’t watch ( ' Howard the Duck ' ) .
By the time I get in bed with the duck , they are , like , ' Turn it off , mom .
You in bed with a duck is just pretty much a deal breaker . ' ”
BE : Yeah , I would think that would get a little weird at that stage .
LT : “ You in bed with a duck is just pretty much a deal breaker , mom . ” ( Laughs )
So they have never seen it past that .
It ’s a crazy crap shoot .
It ’s a crazy business that I have survived in now for …whatever , 30 years .
But it ’s funny : I think “ Howard the Duck , ” the second season of “ Caroline in the City , ” “ Exit Speed , ” and a new “ Back to the Future ” set are all coming out right no .
BE : Yeah , I was going to bring up that “ Back to the Future ” just got reissued for the umpteenth time .
LT : Yeah , I know , it ’s kind of crazy .
It ’s a big month in DVDs .
I wish I got some of that money !
( Laughs )
BE : So “ Some Kind of Wonderful ” put you into the John Hughes oeuvre .
LT : Right !
BE : Is it weird to know that you were in so many movies that made guys swoon ?
Every guy I knew had a crush on you …and I ’m including myself in that number .
LT : Aw , that ’s so sweet !
I love that .
Well , actually , what was kind of nice was , in “ Back to the Future , ” to be the subversive girl next door .
“ Back to the Future ” is really subversive , you know ?
She ’s a really bizarre character where I ’m , like , super in heat over my son .
So on face value , it was like the girl next door , but it was really the twisted girl next door .
I ’m proud of that …and proud of my work .
A lot of kind of iconic … you know , people I think are really cool ended up liking me , even liking me in “ Howard the Duck , ” because it was such a crazy character and such a crazy idea .
So I ’m really happy that I have that legacy , so to speak .
BE : When I put on my Facebook status that I was talking to you today , one person even wrote in and said , “ I loved her in ‘ Space Camp ’ ! ”
LT : A lot of people loved “ Space Camp . ”
You know , what ’s weird , though , is that it has
Joaquin Phoenix in it !
And now he looks older than me , and he was , like , ten when I worked with him .
He was such a sweet kid .
He ’s such a nice guy .
I ca n’t believe they made fun of him on the Oscars .
That ’s so mean !
BE : To be fair , he did set himself up for it a little bit .
LT : You ’re right , you ’re right .
It ’s a little like my other co-star , Crispin Glover .
BE : ( Laughs ) Now , what was he like to work with ?
He looks relatively normal in “ Back to the Future , ” but then you ’ve got “ River ’s Edge , ” which was from that period of time , too .
LT : No , he ’s remarkably strange … but in a fantastic way .
I think he ’s immensely talented and , in a way , it ’s a little sad that kind of all that eccentricity probably got a little bit in the way of him getting the kind of parts he deserves , because he is so good .
You know , it ’s too bad when that happens .
I probably have the opposite thing happen to me , that my normalcy has gotten in the way of me getting really good parts sometimes .
( Sighs ) I should have been a little more eccentric .
BE : What would you say is your favorite project that you worked on that did n’t get the love that you thought it deserved ?
LT : Oh , gee , that ’s interesting .
Well , I did Sally Bowles on Broadway , “ Cabaret , ” Sam Mendes ’ version , and I was like the third or fourth one to do it , maybe the fifth one to do it , so I never got reviewed … and I was really good !
So that was upsetting to me a little bit , although I still got to do it , which was fantastic .
But…gee , that ’s hard to say .
You know , I was watching the first season of “ Caroline in the City , ” and it was super duper .
I mean it was really funny .
So I think maybe that show … since it was pretty much critically hated !
BE : I ’ve been watching it on DVD , and it ’s fun .
I guess it was during that period of time where it was just , “ Well , it ’s not ‘ Cheers ’ and it ’s not ‘ Seinfeld , ’ so we ’re going to bash it . ”
" Back to the Future ' is really subversive , you know ?
She ’s a really bizarre character where I ’m , like , super in heat over my son .
So on face value , it was like the girl next door , but it was really the twisted girl next door . "
LT : You know what I think ?
I think it ’s because I was at the center of it .
I think my essence is pretty nice , and that it was n’t quite twisted enough or something .
It was like it was too nice for people .
But I think that show was undeservedly criticized .
You know , another problem was that we were n’t an underdog .
We got the best time slot in the history of TV !
But when I watch that show , it ’s really solid , and it ’s really , really funny .
Probably by the last year it was n’t quite as solid , because they took away my writers , but I think that show was given a little bit of flak … but people loved it .
I won all these People ’s Choice Awards , and we won stuff , so people loved it .
And it had really good ratings .
Anyway , that would probably be what I would say was a little brutalized .
But I ’ve had a few of those in my time .
You know , nowadays with the internet , it ’s an equal opportunity brutal playing field .
I mean , everyone is brutal to everybody half the time .
Well , not half the time , but you know what I mean .
People can be unbelievably brutal on the internet , about everything .
But they can also be really , really nice .
The problem is that human beings like to focus on the negative sometimes , unfortunately .
BE : Well , the upside is that the people who are usually the most brutal are the ones that can barely string two words together .
If you ca n’t trust their punctuation , you probably can’t trust their opinions .
LT : Well , you must know .
You know exactly what I ’m talking about .
BE : I do .
LT : I was reading a review of a Renee Zellweger movie on IMDb , the one about Minnesota , and this person was going on and on about how people are n’t like that in Minnesota and said , “ It ’s just about as annoying as a Lea Thompson interview . ”
BE : Yikes .
LT : I ’m , like , how did that happen ?
How did I get inserted as an insult in someone else ’s review ?
Anyway , it ’s not for the faint of heart .
BE : How can someone not like an interview with you ?
A minute ago , you used the word “ super - duper ” in a completely non-ironic way .
That ’s awesome !
LT : ( Laughs ) Yeah , well , I think we ’re dealing with so much information in this time that we ’re all trying to peg each other really quickly , and human beings are n’t that way .
We ’re lots of different things , you know what I mean ?
BE : Okay , last one , because I want to try and keep you close to on schedule anyway .
LT : Well , you ’re so nice .
It ’s really nice to talk to you .
BE : ( Blushing )
Well , I just wanted to ask you about “ Article 99 . ” I really enjoyed that movie , and the cast was …well , you look at it now and it ’s just incredible who was in that movie .
LT : I know !
BE : On top of everyone who was already a name at the time , you have John McGinley , who went on to “ Scrubs , ” and John Mahoney , who went on to “ Frasier ” and so forth and so on .
What was it like working on that movie ?
It was kind of a sprawling ensemble .
LT : Forest Whittaker and Kiefer Sutherland , too .
I mean , it just went on and on .
And it was really interesting because I was eight months pregnant .
BE : Nice .
LT : And my husband ( Howard Deutsch ) was directing the movie .
BE : Even better .
LT : I know .
And they had actually hired somebody else to play my part , but she did n’t work out , so at the last minute , they were , like , “ Your wife ’s already there in Kansas City , so have her do the movie . ”
But I was eight months pregnant , which you ca n’t really see .
I ’m a little bit puffy in the face , but …it was a little bit awkward trying to do , like , a slightly romantic scene with Kiefer Sutherland when I was eight months pregnant with the director ’s kid .
( Laughs )
But , yeah , Ray Liotta was there , too… it was kind of a macho fest , with all those boys .
Imagine them all on location together …and I could n’t party with them !
I kind of missed a lot of the really good times .
That was really an unsung movie ; I ’m fascinated that you ’ve even seen it .
BE : Yeah , I remember seeing it when it first came out on VHS , to date myself , but I remember it fondly .
LT : Well , yeah , and when all this V.A. stuff was going on , it ’s very topical , you know , that whole taking care of the vets .
It ’s very , very topical .
It ’s a shame that movie did n’t come out now ; it would draw attention to the plight of the vets in the hospitals , because we ’re going to have a lot more of them to deal with .
It ’s a really important issue .
I wish I had all those videos that you have of my stuff .
They wo n’t even give me a video of “ Exit Speed ” !
BE : Really ?
If it would make you happy , I would mail you my copy …
LT : Awwwwwww …
BE : … but surely if you ask , they would come through for you .
LT : I know .
I said , “ I ’m doing all these interviews , they should give me the videos ! ”
But I ’m glad you got a kick out of the movie .
It is surprisingly entertaining .
BE : It was .
Like I said , my expectations were …well , you never know when things premiere on video .
But it was a lot of fun .
I enjoyed it .
LT : Oh , good , I ’m glad .
You ’re so kind .
BE : And please tell your husband that as a former Duckie Dale , I still worship at the altar of “ Pretty in Pink . ”
LT : I know !
Is n’t he a good director ?
BE : He is .
LT : I have yet to see it , but I know there ’s a reference to our movie , “ Some Kind of Wonderful , ” in some big movie right now .
Oh , it ’s “ He ’s Just Not into You . ”
I ’m not in it , but I think they mention Amanda Jones .
BE : Well , still , your legacy lives on either way .
There you go .
London , England —
Investors are bloodied and confused ,  says Warren Buffett , much as though they were small birds that had strayed into a badminton game 
By the end of 2008 , $ 30 — $ 40 trillion had been lost , in stocks , housing and derivatives .
Investors breathed a sigh of relief when December 31 finally came .
But then came 2009 !
World markets have fallen 18 % so far this year 2009 is on track to lose far more than even 2008 , which was the worst year in stock market history .
What has gone wrong ?
Today , we ’re going to retrace our steps .
In order to understand where we ’re going , we have to spend a minute remembering where we ’ve come from .
First , the biggest bubble in history sprang a major leak in the summer of ’ 07 .
Then came the autumn of 2008 , and it was losing air from every seam .
The biggest bubble in history might be expected to lead to the biggest bust in history .
And so it has
 Let it burn itself out ,  was our advice .
Instead , the feds sounded the alarm , slid down the pole , and rushed to put the fire out .
But the more money and credit they pumped on the flames , the worse the fire seemed to get .
The Federal Reserve , under the leadership of Ben Bernanke , called out all the fire trucks and opened up all the hoses .
Rates were cut to zero and the Fed expanded its balance sheet — increasing the amount of credit available to the banking system — by nearly $ 1 trillion .
And the Federal government — under the leadership of George W. Bush — rushed out a tax rebate and then a rescue bill .
Together , they cost a bit more than $ 1 trillion .
None of this rescuing has done any good .
Every bank and business that has gotten help has deteriorated , as near as we can tell .
The feds let Lehman go bust and we were done with it .
But they saved insurance giant , AIG .
Now , AIG is in trouble again .
And today ’s paper tells us that the feds have stepped in this time to put in a further $ 30 billion and take a controlling stake in two of the stricken insurer ’s largest divisions . 
Hey so now the feds are in the insurance business too .
And here comes the new administration with another $ 825 billion bailout and the kind of budget that takes our breath away .
If Mr. Obama gets his way , he will soak the rich and squeeze the military ; everyone else will be showered with benefits .
There ’s a health care initiative , for example , that will cost more than $ 600 billion .
And there ’s even a plan to provide higher education for everyone .
Republicans are gearing up for a fight .
They owe many of their careers to military contractors and are looking forward to cushy jobs with defense businesses should the voters ever catch on and boot them out of office .
They ’ll fight to keep the U.S. spending money as if we were at war .
The Republicans do n’t appreciate it much either when people on their high - dollar - donor lists are hit with higher taxes .
Democrats are readying for a dust - up too .
They ’ve dreamed of moments like this — it is as if the police and the alarm companies had all gone on strike at the same time .
They ’re planning to rob every bank in town — and expect to get thanked for it .
It is not often that they can divvy up trillions in boondoggles and pretend it is in the national interest .
With this worldwide financial meltdown you can get away with anything .
People have come to believe things so absurd you ’d think even a Democrat would laugh at them .
Most think you can give money to failing companies and somehow they ’ll be healthy businesses again .
Some believe that you can print up paper money — and that it will be as good as the real thing .
Almost all of them think spending money on anything , no matter how stupid , actually helps the economy .
If it were only that easy !
Obama says he ’s preparing for a fight too .
Which is fine with us ; we like a good fight .
Even one that is rigged .
And this one surely is .
Just look at a chart of government spending over the last 30 years .
What you see is that there is nothing extraordinary about what Obama is doing .
Every year , through Republican and Democratic administrations from Ronald Reagan to Barack Obama the Republicans and Democrats pretended to fight about how much money the government spent .
And every year the trend continued : higher spending , higher deficits .
It did n’t seem to matter who was president , or what was going on .
Each year , spending rose and so did the real deficits .
That too is a feature of the post - war consumer economy .
And that , too , is probably coming to an end .
After all this firefighting you might think that the blaze would be under control by now .
Not at all .
On Friday , the Dow lost a further 119 points .
It ’s clearly ready for a rally but there is none in sight — yet .
Oil is at $ 44 .
Gold lost ground too it ’s down to $ 942 .
We recall that last December , as stock prices were collapsing , Warren Buffett stepped up and put his money and his mouth in the same place .
He was buying stocks , he said .
But buying stocks proved a bad place for both his money and his mouth .
Stocks continued falling .
And so did the economy that is supposed to support them .
Economic output in the United States is falling at a 6.5 % rate — the fastest drop in 26 years .
And now Buffett says the economy will be a shambles  this year .
His own company , Berkshire Hathaway , reported profits down 96 % from the year before and is trading at only about half its peak .
In other words , Berkshire shareholders have lost half their money .
And here ’s a good question for you , dear reader :
If the smartest investor in the world ca n’t make money in this market , how do you expect to ?
If we were you , we would n’t even try .
You see , this is not a recession and it ’s not a buying opportunity .
It ’s a depression .
And at this stage in a depression , the best thing to do is to sell stocks , not buy them .
Because they have further to fall and because they could take a long , long time to recover .
We ’ve explained the difference between a recession and a depression before .
But we ’ll do it again .
A recession is a pause in an otherwise healthy , growing economy .
A depression is when the economy drops dead .
And when it drops dead , the assets that people owned — stocks , bonds , houses , derivatives , debt — are called into question .
What are they worth , now that the economy that created them no longer exists ?
That ’s the big question .
The U.S. economy has been expanding for the last 60 years — largely by increasing consumer spending and debt .
Now , neither consumer spending nor debt is increasing .
In the last 6 months , consumers have suddenly reversed their free - spending ways .
Borrowers and lenders have repented too .
But if it is no longer an economy that grows by increasing consumption and debt how does it grow at all ?
And what about all those businesses that are set up to provide products and services to the consumer economy ?
And what about all the debts and obligations that the consumer economy produced ; what are they worth ?
That ’s what everyone wants to know .
So the markets have entered into a period of vigorous price discovery .
Some things are still valuable , of course .
A house , for example .
But many things are n’t as valuable as they used to be .
The house wo n’t be worth as much if people can’t borrow to buy it or if potential buyers ca n’t get a job .
And the mortgage debt that the house carried which was recycled into a leveraged debt instrument is bound to be worth a lot less than people once thought .
But it takes time to sort out the good assets from the bad ones .
How much does the business owe ?
To whom ?
Who owes it money ?
Will the debtor be able to pay ?
And what about those strange pieces of paper — CDOs , MBOs , SIVs — in the company vault ?
What are they worth ?
For a while , people are so afraid of making the wrong move that markets freeze up .
No one wants to lend when he does n’t know if he ’s going to get his money back .
That ’s called a credit crunch .
And no one wants to buy when he has no idea what things are worth .
That ’s when markets go no bid . 
But eventually — unless the feds stop the process — things sort themselves out .
Businesses go broke .
Homeowners are defenestrated .
Automobiles go back to the dealers ’ lots .
Prices sink to a level where people are able to buy .
And the whole process starts over again .
This can take a long , long time especially when government is trying to stop it .
 We must kill zombie banks or face a lost American decade ,  says James Baker , U.S. Treasury Secretary under Ronald Reagan and U.S. Secretary of State under George Bush I. Japan is still trying to adjust to the realities of its post - bubble world after the initial crash 19 years ago .
It propped up banks instead of fixing them , he says .
The banks were kept alive but not performing their function .
Result : a lost decade .
Maybe two .
In the United States , in the ’30s , on the other hand , the zombie banks were allowed to die .
More than 1,000 banks were buried .
Still , the economy did n’t really recover until after WWII — some 2 decades after the crash of ’ 29 .
Maybe killing the zombie banks is n’t enough .
Zombie companies must be allowed to fail , too .
And zombie homeowners .
And all the zombie investments made in the preceding bubble years .
Of course , that is what is needed .
A period of creative destruction .
But in this period of discovery , we do n’t know who ’s a zombie and who ’s not .
Not yet .
It will take time to find out .
A new economic model must take shape .
Then , the markets must tell us what things are still valuable and what they are worth .
An example : a mall .
Shopping malls were designed for an economy in which consumption increased at a more - or - less predictable rate .
As consumption increased , mall owners could project how much retail space they could let out and what yield it would produce .
Based on those figures , banks could lend against the value of the mall and investors could put their money to work building new malls .
But that economy is missing and presumed dead .
Consumption is no longer increasing , it ’s declining .
And the biggest consuming group — the baby boomers — seem to be changing their habits forever .
From here on out , they are likely to be saving money for their retirements not spending .
What is that mall worth now ?
What do the projections show ?
The commercial property loans used to build the mall were based on projections made years ago ; what are those loans worth now ?
We ’re all waiting to find out .
A new economy needs to arise , step over the corpse of the dead one , and get moving .
What kind of economy ?
We do n’t know When will it happen ?
We do n’t know that either .
What companies will prosper which ones will fail ?
We wish we could tell you .
In the meantime , all we have is guesses
Bill Bonner [ send him mail ] is the author , with Addison Wiggin , of Financial Reckoning Day : Surviving the Soft Depression of The 21st Century and Empire of Debt : The Rise Of An Epic Financial Crisis and the co-author with Lila Rajiva of Mobs , Messiahs and Markets ( Wiley , 2007 ) .
Bill Bonner Archives
The Best of Bill Bonner
ANN ARBOR , Mich. , April 3 ( UPI ) -- Organizers of Michigan 's 38th annual Ann Arbor Hash Bash said this year 's event falls on the same day the state 's medical marijuana law takes effect .
Adam Brook of Detroit , who is acting as emcee for the event for the 19th time , said medical marijuana will be a hot topic at the cannabis smoking event Saturday , The Ann Arbor News reported Friday .
Advertisement
" The Hash Bash started as a smoke - in , and really is a smoke - in , " Brook said .
" However , speakers take on current political ( questions ) of the day .
This year , it 's medical marijuana . "
" I expect to see a lot of patients who'll come out to see what they can learn about this new law , " he said .
The medical marijuana law was passed in November with 63 percent of the vote .
Michigan Department of Community Health offices are expected to begin accepting applications for medical cannabis state ID cards under the law on Monday .
He said the Hash Bash , which includes a march on the Federal Building in Ann Arbor before the marijuana smoking and live music , is expected to attract thousands of people .
" This is largest event in the country not supported by its local chamber of commerce , " he said .
" My whole year is based on the first Saturday in April . "
And now , because you secretly asked for it in your heart of hearts : a version of Queen 's Bohemian Rhapsody as played by an old scanner , floppy drive and Atari and TI computers .
Not the best sounding version , mind , but squeezing the modern rock classic from creaks , hums , drones , beeps and squeaks of antique kit should soften the hearts ( and ears ) of any lover of old school computers .
An HP ScanJet 3C fills in for Queen 's Freddie Mercury on lead vocals , while a Texas Instrument TI - 99 / 4a takes Brian May 's job as lead guitar .
Accompanying organ and piano is an Atari 800XL , and an 8 - inch floppy disk replaces Jon Deacon on bass .
Roger Taylor 's percussion is meanwhile faithfully recreated by a 3.5 - inch hard drive .
YouTube user bd594 said he composed the piece entirely from noises coming out of the machines themselves , with no effects or sampling added .
The scanner , however , was recorded four separate times to accommodate for lead and backing vocals in the song .
It 's a bunch of old equipment so do n't expect pitch perfect music coming out of 'em - and synchronization comes apart a bit at the end .
But hey , we 're living in the days where Auto - Tune can fix anything short of cats fighting in a bag .
This could be the next gold platter single here . ®
Enlarge By Tom Gannam , AP One - legged wrestler Anthony Robles , of Arizona State , wrestles Northwestern 's Brandon Precin in a quarterfinal bout in the 125 - pound weight class at the NCAA Division I wrestling championships .
Robles beat Precin 9 - 0. Arizona State sophomore Anthony Robles , born with one leg , fulfilled a dream Friday by becoming an All - American wrestler .
He will have to wait until next season to continue his quest for an NCAA Division I individual championship .
Robles was beaten 5 - 2 Friday night by top- seeded and unbeaten Paul Donahoe of Edinboro ( Pa. ) University in the semifinals of the NCAA championships in St. Louis .
Robles , who came into the tournament as the 12th seed , remained in contention for third place .
" I was super excited , " Robles said on ESPN2 following the semifinal .
" I expected to win , but props to my opponent .
He just came out on top . … I brought my A - game , and so did he .
He just came out on top , " added Robles , cheered by the crowd as he hopped off the mat after his defeat Robles , now 28 - 7 on the season , earned his way to the semifinals by winning three matches , two of them against higher - seeded wrestlers .
In the quarterfinals Friday morning , he dominated fourth - seeded Brandon Precin of Northwestern 9 - 0 .
Robles won two matches Thursday , including an 8 - 3 victory against fifth - seeded Charlie Falck of Iowa .
With his quarterfinal victory , Robles became an All - American .
That status goes to the top eight finishers among 33 entrants in each weight division .
Robles came one victory short of making All - American last season .
His quarterfinal win Friday assured him no worse than sixth place this year .
Robles , who won two Arizona state titles as a high school wrestler , was born without a right leg from the pelvis down .
He uses crutches off the mat .
For the start of each match , he hops to the center of the mat and starts in the standup position .
When the whistle blows , he but immediately drops to the mat and uses his left knee and arms to maneuver and balance himself .
He has exceptional upper body strength for the 125 - pound class .
In his quarterfinal against Precin , he turned the Northwestern wrestler 's back to the mat several times to score points .
" I 'm not here for the attention , " said Robles .
" I 'm just out to be a great wrestler . "
Edinboro 's Donahoe raised his senior season record to 35 - 0 .
Two years ago , he was the NCAA 125 - pound champion while wrestling for the University of Nebraska .
He placed third last season .
Last summer , Donahoe and another Nebraska wrestler were dismissed from the school 's wrestling team .
The Associated Press reported they were dismissed after posing naked for videos and photos on a website featuring male athletes .
Donahoe transferred to Edinboro .
He returned to college wrestling after sitting out the first semester .
In Saturday "s 125 - pound final , Donahoe will face second - seeded Troy Nickerson of Cornell , a 2 - 1 victory over defending NCAA champion Angel Escobedo of Indiana in their semifinal .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The president of the Maldives , Mohamed Nasheed , will today unveil a plan to make his country carbon - neutral within a decade .
The announcement comes only days after scientists issued stark new warnings that rising seas caused by climate change could engulf the Maldives and other low - lying nations this century .
The president will formally announce the scheme - and make a plea for other countries to follow the Maldives ' lead - this evening , following the world premiere of The Age of Stupid , a major new climate change film in which a man living alone in the devastated world of 2055 looks at old footage from 2008 and asks why people did n't stop climate change when they had the chance .
Nasheed approached British climate change experts Chris Goodall and Mark Lynas to help develop the radical carbon - neutrality plan .
The pair worked on a package of measures that could virtually eliminate fossil fuel use on the Maldive archipelago by 2020 .
The plan includes a new renewable electricity generation and transmission infrastructure with 155 large wind turbines , half a square kilometre of rooftop solar panels , and a biomass plant burning coconut husks .
Battery banks would provide back - up storage for when neither wind nor solar energy is available .
The clean electricity would power not only homes and businesses , but also vehicles .
Cars and boats with petrol and diesel engines would be gradually replaced by electric versions .
Goodall , author of Ten Technologies to Save the Planet , led the development of the clean - energy package .
He said : " The Maldives could just give up .
Its people could declare themselves climate change refugees and ask for sanctuary elsewhere .
But the new government is taking a stand and asked us to give them a plan for a near zero - carbon economy .
" We do n't want to pretend that this plan is going to be easy to implement .
There will be hiccups , and electricity supply will occasionally be disrupted .
But we think that building a near - zero - carbon Maldives is a realistic challenge .
Get it right and we will show the apathetic developed world that action is possible , and at reasonable cost . "
The Maldives is one of the world 's lowest - lying countries , with 385,000 people living mainly on land less than two metres above sea level .
The country would be rendered almost entirely uninhabitable by a rise in sea levels of one metre .
Lynas said : " The Maldives is in the front line of climate change .
It is perhaps the most vulnerable country in the world .
If nothing is done to cut global carbon emissions , the country will sink beneath rising seas this century .
It is a poor country , but here we have a government that is throwing down the gauntlet to the rich , highly polluting countries . "
The Maldives plan is not the first national carbon - neutrality target .
Norway is aiming to be zero- carbon by 2030 .
However , the Maldives scheme is more ambitious - not just in terms of its 10 - year timetable , but also because it aims to totally decarbonise the local economy .
By contrast , the Norwegian scheme allows a large slice of domestic emissions to be offset by investments in forestry schemes overseas .
The cost for the package of low - carbon measures is estimated to be about $ 110 m a year for 10 years .
The scheme should pay for itself quite quickly , because the Maldives will no longer need to import oil products for electricity generation , transport and other functions .
If the oil price were to rise to $ 100 per barrel , the payback period would be as short as 11 years .
At current prices , it would take roughly twice as long to break even .
Nasheed said : " Climate change is a global emergency .
The world is in danger of going into cardiac arrest , yet we behave as if we 've caught a common cold .
Today , the Maldives has announced plans to become the world 's most eco-friendly country .
I can only hope other nations follow suit . "
23325572 submission
An anonymous reader writes : Yesterday 's earthquake in Virginia brought back some clear memories from 9 - 11 when I was unable to call my wife to check on her from either of my cellular or my landline phones .
With all of the money spent on emergency communications infrastructure post 9 - 11 , I was very disappointed and I 'm left thoroughly disturbed about the potential of not being able to call 911 or reach my loved ones in the event of an actual emergency .
So I 'm left with two questions — 1 ) when are the cellular providers going to step up and provide more reliable networks , and 2 ) what is a reliable , affordable means of contacting emergency services that does n't involve a landline or cellular telephone ?
Phorm — even the name conjures up " phear " among opponents of the company 's targeted advertising technology .
But what does Phorm say about itself ?
Its stated goal is " to create a new , more responsive , intuitive kind of Internet experience , and that sounds hard to beat .
But the EU has some hard questions about the way the company has gone about its business , and it wants answers that the UK government appears strangely unwilling to provide .
Phorm 's business model is much like that of NebuAd here in the US : partner with ISPs , slurp up all that delicious user surfing data , then use it to toss users into various content silos .
Visit photo blogs , for instance , and your profile will be tagged as being interested in photography , though the actual websites that have been visited will not be logged .
These categories will be used by websites that partner with Phorm in an attempt to provide more relevant ads to users ( and receive better rates from buyers ) .
In Phorm 's view , this is a " privacy enhancing " and " unbelievably awesome technology " that is up there with the iPhone when it comes to innovation .
To critics , it sounds a lot like snooping on people 's Internet connections , especially when ( as in the NebuAd trials here ) users had to explicitly opt - out , were often not given clear notification , and still had to settle for all their traffic passing through the NebuAd boxes anyway .
The European Union , which has passed several strict data protection laws , has been asking some hard questions about Phorm .
Not so much about its technology as about the way the company partnered with BT , a leading UK ISP , to conduct secret trials of the system ( the system is now public , and is called " WebWise " ) .
The UK government has looked into the matter , but its responses to the EU have not been satisfactory , focusing only on future deployments and not addressing the key question of the past trials .
The EU is trying to get answers once again .
The Register , which has been covering Phorm developments in the UK with a tenacity more often seen in British bulldogs , has learned that the EU has now sent a third letter to the UK government demanding answers about the trials back in 2006 and 2007 .
If it does n't get a good answer as to why the secret collection of user data is not illegal ( as it apparently should be ) , the European Commission could take the UK to court .
Future deployment rules
UK regulators have laid down rules for any future deployments of Phorm gear , and those rules require the company to not retain website history data , exclude sensitive search topics ( health , porn ) , get the " agreement of the customer , " and provide an " unavoidable statement " about the technology that consumers must act on before it is operational .
The rules sound like a good start , especially when compared to the less - than - robust " notification " processes we saw in the NebuAd trials .
But the UK's Open Rights Group complains that no one is even talking about a huge legal issue : does Phorm need the permission of both the users and the websites that they visit in order to legally intercept communications ?
" Unless the ISPs employing Phorm ’s technology to intercept the communications between their customers and the owners of the websites their customers are visiting have the explicit consent of both parties , " said the group last year , " they are likely to be committing an offence under the Regulation of Investigatory Powers Act ( RIPA ) , the legislation that governs interception of communications in the UK . "
Between challenges from activist groups like ORG , grassroots groups like Bad Phorm , and the threat of an EU legal challenge to the company 's trials , deployment could certainly be derailed .
But with the UK government already giving its blessing to the basic system being proposed , Phorm does n't appear to be worried .
In an interview on Monday , the company 's CEO pledged that the deal between Phorm and BT would go ahead , and by the end of 2009 .
The company has also signed deals with Carphone Warehouse and Virgin Media , so the next year could see Phorm systems in place across the UK 's most popular ISPs .
Kevin Richardson , in the age of 34 years , holds a reserve , near Johannesburg , with 38 lions .
Kevin is studying animal behavior , and for 11 years came into contact with felinele .
He had a chance to spend time with two lions born in captivity and for years has developed a special relationship with them .
All 2009 Jokes
# Rate Thumb Site Joke
1
-1
news.netcraft.com
Submited : 2009-04-07 03:57
Lynx browser more popular than Firefox or Internet Explorer
2
-2
aq.com
Submited : 2009-04-06 22:04
New ' great ' weapons that were actually just childish swords
3
0
boxxychan.tk
Submited : 2009-04-05 22:54
Now specializing in news about Lindsay Lohan
5
-1
cardplayer .it
Submited : 2009-04-05 06:32 ( Italian ) Online pokeroom Gioco Digitale introduce Jokers
6
-1
myonlinethoughts.wordpress.com
Submited : 2009-04-04 14:35
An ode to the much reviled directoro , Uwe Boll .
7
20
goofans.com
Submited : 2009-04-04 11:22
The entire site was replaced by the ' MOM ' computer from the game .
The user could ' crash ' MOM and reboot via a UNIX shell to get to the real site .
8
-2
metatalk.metafilter.com
Submited : 2009-04-04 10:02 MetaFilter scales back some of its services
9
-5
triplepundit.com
Submited : 2009-04-03 19:12 American Airlines Launches Zero Emissions Zeppelin Service
10
-5
prettymuchamazing.com
Submited : 2009-04-03 18:41 PM
A said that Radiohead had covered the Miley cyrus ( Hanna Montana ) song The Climb , after Miley kept talking shit about them when they refused to meet her at the grammies .
The download was just a loop of Nick and Noras Infinite Playlist .
As of April 4 2009 6:40 it has been downloaded over 3,000 times .
11
-3
dvdfuture.com
Submited : 2009-04-03 16:25 Breaking News : Star Trek and Star Wars to merge
12
- 4
niloyonphotography.blogspot.com
Submited : 2009-04-03 08:55 Nikon and Canon teams up to make revolutionary camera
13
-5
freerangeturtles.com
Submited : 2009-04-03 05:59 Turtle
Wax switch from battery - farmed to free range turtles
14
1
facebook.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 23:30 Facebook Admits New Layout Has Been An April Fool 's Day Joke !
15
-3
apelad.blogspot.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 22:38
A massive style change for the Laugh - Out - Loud Cats .
16
-3
terminatornewsnetwork.wordpress.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 21:08 Changes in store for Sarah Connor Chronicles Season 3 .
17
-3
arrl.org
Submited : 2009-04-02 14:42 Federal Communications Commission Amateur Radio rule change
18
-2
blogs.computerworld.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 14:41
Anti-social network called Garbo erases your tracks from existing social networks
19
-3
marketplace.publicradio.org
Submited : 2009-04-02 14:11
Actors staging real estate
20
0
jayisgames.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 13:33
The game is described as utterly fantastic but is very simple and takes about 3 seconds to play
21
-2
clutchfans.net
Submited : 2009-04-02 11:54 Clutchfans was bought out by Tmac.com
22
-3
bigfishtackle.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 11:23 Willard
Bay is a favorite fishing spot , the article states that they will drain the lake for dam maintenance ( this has been occuring the past 2 years ) and replace all the game fish with the June Sucker
24
-2
londonnet.co.uk
Submited : 2009-04-02 10:29 Barack Obama , Michael Jackson to Sing for G20 Supper
25
-3
miniworld.co.uk
Submited : 2009-04-02 10:15
Telling classic
Mini owners that their cars would be destroyed if driven over 2000 miles a year
26
-3
next-episode.net
Submited : 2009-04-02 09:43
Pretended they sold the site and the new owner would make it paid .
27
- 4
uniwatchblog.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 09:37 NFL 's Seattle Seahawks add Lime Green Uniform
28
-2
massey.utoronto.ca
Submited : 2009-04-02 08:11
Page and banner from actual webcomic replaced with page and banner from other ( nonexistent ) webcomic .
29
-1
labeltheworld.blogspot.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 07:58
Surreal descriptions instead of standard labels
30
-3
screenhub.com.au
Submited : 2009-04-02 06:50
On March 11th , 2009 , the government of New Zealand secretly sold TVNZ , its public broadcaster , to SBS , the Australian government owned national multicultural broadcasting network .
31
-2
visublog.mechafetus.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 06:21 The VisuBlog becomes ' Love And Berry : Dress Up and Dance , Awesome Blog '
32
-2
mookychick.co.uk
Submited : 2009-04-02 06:21
Japanese washing machines for pets
33
-3
mookychick.co.uk
Submited : 2009-04-02 06:20 Japanese washing machines for pets
34
- 4
mookychick.co.uk
Submited : 2009-04-02 06:19 Glastonbury Witch Trials 2009
35
0
feross.org
Submited : 2009-04-02 06:08 I Just Discovered a Cool Website Called Google
36
-3
cheeptalk.wordpress.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 05:58 Economists Steve Levitt and Greg Mankiw join the Obama administration
37
-1
unigamesity.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 05:04
Game console pirates will start to legally manufacture game consoles and sell them dirt cheap to win the consoles war
38
-2
theateneoedge.multiply.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 04:35
I appeared in an adult film
39
-2
aquarterof.co.uk
Submited : 2009-04-02 04:35
A ' new ' chocolate bar ( ' Chokle ' ) is announced , that contains helium and so causes the consumer 's voice to go higher .
40
-1
iwantoneofthose.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 04:24
Contact lenses that zoom in and out and change colour
41
-3
iwantoneofthose.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 04:23
A clamp that turns the itouch into an Iphone
42
-3
workisnotinprogress.splinder.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 03:37
The strip will be drawed in manga style .
43
-3
gram.pl
Submited : 2009-04-02 03:33 ( Not in English ) New Diablo 3 Screenshots
45
-2
scoringsessions.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 03:18 Danny Elfman score Terminator Salvation using only ukulele and collaborate with oscar - winner AR Rahman
46
-2
elcomsoft.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 02:26 Recover Passwords with a Tambourine
47
-3
goal.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 02:11 Fabio Capello Resigns As Kevin Keegan Is Appointed England Coach
48
-3
dev.compiz-fusion.org
Submited : 2009-04-02 02:06 Compiz 3D desktop effects for Windows users
49
-3
theknightshift.blogspot.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 01:40 New York
Post cover screams about local cult leader arrested at the Vatican trying to ' debate ' the Pope
50
-2
swfchan.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 01:38
Message at top of page : ' Bad news , due to bandwidth problems swfchan will shutdown next week .
Dunno for how long , if not forever it will probably be for at least two years .
Sorry , thanks for what has been . '
Later added : ' Update : April fools , derp !'
51
1
languagelog.ldc.upenn.edu
Submited : 2009-04-02 01:32
Linguistics humor : new vowel , UN disaster relief supplies speech therapists and consonant clusters .
52
0
apterax.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 01:30
Creative control of the comic handed over to author 's ' mildly retarded ' brother .
53
-2
themanitoban.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 01:26
A new study has revealed that humans now only use nine per cent of their brains , down from 10 per cent a decade ago .
54
-2
travel - ticker.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 00:56
Trip to the Bermuda Triangle
55
-2
emuparadise.org
Submited : 2009-04-02 00:53 Emuparadise announces inaugural release of PCSX3
56
-1
shortyawards.com
Submited : 2009-04-02 00:23 Twitter Pro invites available
57
-3
barebones.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 23:48 LottoCal presents state lottery results for up to five days in advance
58
0
nerdyshirts.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 23:48 New Light Bending Invisible Shirt
60
-2
tonic.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 23:25 Celebrities Gone Bad Zune Charity Auction to Benefit Bernie Madoff Legal Fund
61
-1
gastromatic.net
Submited : 2009-04-01 23:02 Gastromatic food and wine self serve machine
62
-2
jefffinch.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 22:32 Conficker C Worm Hits VeriSign : Huge Data Loss
63
0
craftster.org
Submited : 2009-04-01 22:06
Craftster is switching to an all macrame theme .
65
-2
bwog.net
Submited : 2009-04-01 21:27 Vampire Weekend cancels participation in Bacchanal concert
66
0
wildsnow.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 21:12 AVi : The 1st Avy Beacon Application for iPhone
67
- 4
tor.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 21:11 Troll Nation Protests Against Derogatory Internet Slang
68
-2
techwarelabs.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 21:10 Windowsvirus Conficker Just an April Fools ' Day Virus / raffle
69
2
teamfortress.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 21:09
Valve releases a new update for the Sniper .
Introducing the ' Jarate ' , which is a jar of urine .
70
-3
forums.techpowerup.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 21:09
A new AMD Dual CPU board about to be released
71
3
fromheretouncertainty.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 20:57
Family agrees to funding from big tobacco for European Trip .
72
1
startrekonline.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 20:55
Star trek babies online
74
-3
wpa-jp.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 20:36 ( Japanese ) World Pizza Throwing Association
77
5
fontcraft.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 20:28
Trade your laser printer for a Monk , who will copy and illuminate your manuscript .
78
-3
ithinkimlost.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 20:28
Site directs to rival site
79
-2
ichumon.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 20:27
Ichumon is taken over by evil green apples
80
-2
orlandosentinel.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 20:17 Woman to 911 : Help !
I 'm locked inside my car
81
-2
thegoodphight.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 20:16
Phillies announce ' New York Mets Day ' at Citizens Bank Park
82
-2
wakefieldnews.blogspot.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 19:46
This staunch libertarian website poses as overtly Pro-Obama
83
-1
whitewizardtoys.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 19:43 Multi-dimensional Hypercube Display System for collectors running out of space
84
-2
mobileopportunity.blogspot.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 19:39
Thoughts on the nonexistent tech industry bailout .
We do n't need a bailout .
Right ?
85
0
ascendercorp.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 19:34
New ' half - dollar - sign ' currency symbol to reflect economic crisis
86
-2
twilightlexicon.org
Submited : 2009-04-01 19:33
The entire site now worships Kaleb Nation ( The TwilightGuy ) .
87
-2
en.akibablog.net
Submited : 2009-04-01 19:28 Reporting the sale of Dragon Quest 9
88
8
thespeedgamers.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 19:25
The Speed Gamers claim they will play a Petz marathon
89
2
firefox.org
Submited : 2009-04-01 19:13 Zombie Invasion !
The Next Harry Potter Book !
Undead Rights on Supernatural !
And More !
90
5
spore.com
Submited : 2009 - 04-01 19:02 dungeons of spore .
They say they are making a great new ascii game .
91
-2
osnews.com
Submited : 2009 - 04-01 19:01 offers the download of the source code of their site
92
0
blog.leximo.org
Submited : 2009 -04-01 19:00 Leximo Bought by Google for $ 16.5 Million in Stock
93
-2
burningman.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 19:00 New Toll Road Leading to Burning Man
94
-3
blog.cr0.org
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:58
Massive exploitation of instant messaging applications proved feasible
95
-1
motorcycles.about.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:56
Motorcycle chrome to be banned
96
-3
psiwebcomic.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:51 PSI character switch with characters from another Magick & Dungeon Legacy
97
-3
james.helplarge.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:48 HelpLarge is going to experience unexpected server problems and will be closed down for good with a internet reboot .
98
-3
toughpigs.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:48
The front page has had its colors inverted .
Clicking on the image will take you to the normal homepage .
99
66
twilightsucks.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:40 TwilightSucks appears to have been hacked by Twilight fansites .
100
0
starwars-union.de
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:36
The site takes a trip to 1989 featuring Star Wars news 80s style .
102
- 4
blog.mosso.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:19 Introducing the Web Host Formerly Known as Mosso
103
-2
awesomeststudio.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:15
Comic leads reader to believe he is mentally unhealthy .
104
- 4
thespacewriter.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:11 Cosmology and a certain alien species
105
1
forums.chozosanctuary.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:07 Chozo Sanctuary closed thanks to lack of funds .
106
-3
betterthancleavage.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:04 betterthancleavage Switches to WORSEthancleavage
107
-1
comicmix.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:02 Alan Moore takes ' Watchmen ' movie money to sue DC for print rights reversion
108
-2
comicmix.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:01 Brian Michael Bendis & Alex Maleev to adapt ' Waiting For Godot ' for Marvel Classics
109
-3
comicmix.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:00
The return of Miracleman to comics
110
-3
wtf.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 18:00
Random font changes , members get most hated person 's avatar , ban a member opportunity , but you ban yourself !
111
-2
prweb.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:59 New Smartphone Application Makes You the Sommelier
112
-2
blog.imagekind.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:58
Pets can Now Sell their Art on Imagekind
113
-2
bebo.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:58 Preview of ' Profiles 3.0 , ' a mix of everything Bebo users would hate .
Poking fun at Bebo's recent Profile redesign , a little poke at Facebook , and a poke at the Bebo users who hate ' change . '
114
0
addthis.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:57 Announcing AddThis Telepathy : The Next Generation of Sharing
115
-3
startupsnigeria.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:55 Press Release : StartupsNigeria.com Closes Site Indefinitely
116
-3
jalopnik.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:53 Jalopnik is offering a subscriber - only pay - for - access section of their site
117
-1
n-sider.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:53 Recession - sider , all articles priced to sell .
118
18
neagora.de
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:47 ( German ) Google buys Neagora
119
-3
blogs.dirxion.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:36 Dirxion Launches The ' Upload & Go 3000 '
120
-2
itwire.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:36
Bogus article claims Microsoft bought own Novell and become the legal owners of UNIX
122
-3
thethingy.tumblr.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:27
Pretended to now be the official sponsor of Diet Pepsi
123
-3
dancewithgrenades.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:25 Duke Nukem Forever launch date announced !
( but no date given )
124
-2
sigg3.net
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:24
Full color inversion on front page and comment popup
125
-6
thebehemoth.com
Submited : 2009 - 04-01 17:19 certain words are exchanged for other words
126
- 4
thethingyrocks.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:12
Pretended that the goverment found him and he had to flee the country and never use the internet again .
127
-2
weirdal.wikia.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:03
Said there was a copyright infringement by Weird Al , so the site had to shut down .
128
-5
stormtrack.org
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:03
Storm chasing forum has changed name and subforums to reference Oprah Winfrey .
129
0
deekmedia.org
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:02
Posted a fake ' leak ' of the new My Bloody Valentine record .
130
-2
buzzerblog.flashgameshows.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 17:00 ' The Price is Right ' gets new theme song
131
-2
hedgehogworld.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:56 Hedgehog
World replaced all hedgehog photos with ferrets in their theme .
133
-3
savegame.no
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:52 ( Norwegian ) Nintendo has announced ' The White Collection ' so that the cartridges match the White version of the Nintendo DS. ( norwegian )
134
- 4
theprp.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:50 Its a Heavy Music News Site .
Now posing as a new Screamo News site .
137
- 4
craveonline.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:45 Led Zep to tour w/ Daltrey - Page , Jones badmouth Krauss
138
-1
wizards.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:40
An adventure from Dungeon Delve for characters of level 2 1/2 called Fool 's Grove .
139
-2
wizards.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:40 The Witchalok from Penny Arcade included in the Player 's Handbook 3 .
140
- 4
wizards.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:39 Drizz't Do'Urden converted into a Magic card .
141
-1
blog.dk.sg
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:37 Palm Launches a new PDA
142
-3
paizo.com
Submited : 2009 -04-01 16:30 d21 instead of d20 ?
Yeah , and ours go up to 11 .
143
-3
Technoheads.org
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:28
Fake conficker protection that displays a fullscrean Blue Screan of Death
144
-2
basilmarket.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:27
Faked a mass banning of all players .
Made eveyone soil themselves .
Mods switched Avatars to confuse everyone .
Enjoy :)
146
6
starcraft2.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:25 Terra-Tron - ' HELL , ITS MORPHING TIME ' ; ' ALL YOUR BASES ARE BELONG TO US '
147
- 4
iheartchaos.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:23 IHC is the only site actually working on the internet , taken over by Boxxy
148
0
mangabullet.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:21
Site looks like deviantART , a well - known ' alternative ' to MangaBullet .
149
-8
narniafans.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:21 ?
Inconceivable !?
Three Princess Bride stars join the Dawn Treader .
150
-7
narniafans.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:21 Breaking News !
Kirk Cameron and Mel Gibson to star in a film about CS Lewis , JRR Tolkien and the Inklings .
151
-6
narniafans.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:20 Twilight Scribe to Pen Dawn Treader
152
1
research.yahoo.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:17 Scientists at Yahoo ! today released Ideological Search , allowing users to control the ideology of their search results for the first time in search technology history .
153
- 4
speeddate.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:16 Barack Obama got kicked off SpeedDate.com
154
-1
iloveclowns.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:16 ihateclowns.com has closed down the site due to pressure from clown lovers around the word
155
-3
ftd.de
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:16 ( German ) Financial Times Germany has an employment ad for the head of Bahn AG ( German railroad company )
156
- 4
symfony - project.org
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:15 Introducing the Symfony Service Exploder ( code )
157
4
kongregate.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:15 Smatch Beta is a April Fools Game
158
-5
heliumblog.wordpress.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:15
Helium purchased by Google
159
-5
arcticstartup.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:14 MicroFundr , First Pan-European VC Fund , Will Use Twitter For Funding Process
160
-2
tomshardware.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:14 Apple and McDonald 's Team Up with a new Product
161
- 4
blog.cotweet.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:14 Guy Kawasaki Joins CoTweet Advisory Board ; Company Rebrands as KawTweet
163
-5
able2know.org
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:11
Logged in users see fake topics in posted under their names on topic grids , avatars switched to wavatars and mosterids , new pranks coming up thoughout the day
164
-3
cityspeek.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:10 CitySpeek takes first round of funding
166
-1
workopolis.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:08
Mentel has a funny job opening for a Junior General Manager
167
-3
web2ireland.org
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:07 We b2 Ireland now has a ? 10 m seed fund
168
-3
forecastronic.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:06 The Official Accuweater Super Doppler 9000 Compu Plus Plus Forecastronic
170
-1
smellofbooks.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:06
Now you can finally enjoy reading e-books without giving up the smell you love so much .
With Smell of Books ?
you can have the best of both worlds , the convenience of an e-book and the smell of your favorite paper book .
171
-1
money.de.msn.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:06 ( German ) Germany is bringing back the Deutschmarks and cancel the Euro
172
-2
misc.metocube.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:05
Mass gremlin production and delivery
173
-5
minimatedatabase.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 16:01
Minimate visual reference site redirects to ' Minimate Porn '
175
4
addons.mozilla.org
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:59
Firefox ' add - ons ' have been renamed to ' Change - arounds '
176
-3
soapui.org
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:59
Eviware software has been alerted to users using soapUI to withdraw large sums of money from the European National Bank .
178
- 4
techcrunch.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:53 5 min moving to India
179
- 4
blog.echonest.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:53
The Echo Nest Goodness API - solves the problem of music discovery
180
-3
bobmccarty.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:52 Postal Cost - Cutting Measures Being Implemented
181
-1
lxforums.com
Submited : 2009 -04-01 15:52 all instances of ' Dodge ' or ' Chrysler ' have been replaced with ' Fiat ' ( this is because Fiat is taking over Chrysler ) .
This was a replacement variable and literally happens millions of times on the website .
183
-6
blog.consupo.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:51
New fashion trend : Whale Skin Coats
184
-4
patdryburgh.net
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:51
Twitter ?s infamous Fail Whale had passed away
185
-4
youtube.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:50 Google Krakow moving into 11th century castle
186
-3
twoguysrally.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:49 Travis Pastrana is doing backflips in his rally car .
187
-3
mliotta.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:48 Record Deal for Unknown Band or Entity
188
-3
donteatanybugs.net
Submited : 2009 -04-01 15:47 entire website is posted upside down , the characters in the daily webcomic strip realize this and all the things are rcoming out of their pockets .
189
1
digitalsomething.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:46 Tony
Hawk coming to EA 's Rival game Skate 2 as DLC
190
-3
js-kit.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:45
One word comments for blogs
192
-3
trackvia.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:44 TrackVia Announces Data Randomizer Feature
193
-2
advertisespace.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:43 Google Buys Twitter for $ 635
194
-3
weblogs.asp.net
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:43 The String or the Cat : A New .
NET Framework Library
195
-2
istopover.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:42 Bailout SPECIAL - Lincoln Bedroom in The White House : $ 62
197
1
mywebdownload.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:42
Download the web , all of it
198
1
dreamdogsart.typepad.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:41 Obama adopts Clifford , the Big Red Dog
199
1
facebook.com
Submited : 2009-04-01 15:41
We 're Related app tells you that you 're related to Barack Obama .
Cufón vs. Typeface.js , which one is better ?
Cufón and Typeface.js are both methods to show text in custom fonts ( like sIFR ) , are both only a couple of months old and both use canvas or VML .
So what ’s the difference ?
And which one is better ?
How does it work ?
Cufón and Typeface.js both work by converting a regular font file into an internal format .
On execution , they display the font using Canvas in modern browsers , and VML in Internet Explorer .
The benefits of doing it this way is that you do not need to load the Flash plugin .
This makes it faster compared to sIFR , and visible on more computers .
Quick stats
Cufón and Typeface are very similar , here ’s a quick list of their properties :
Cufón Typeface.js
File size 14.0 kb ( compressed ) 16.3 kb ( uncompressed ) Supported browsers Firefox 1.5+ , Safari 3 + , Opera 9.5+ , Google Chrome and Internet Explorer6 + Firefox 1.5+ , Safari 2 + , and Internet Explorer 6 + , but not 8 Supported file types .ttf , .otf , PFB , postscript .ttf
Supported font styling font - size , font - style , font - weight , line - height , text - shadow , color font - size , font - style , font - weight , font - stretch , letter - spacing , line - height Selectable text ?
not yet not yet Cufón Typeface.js
Font Conversion
Both Typeface.js and Cufón have an online font converter :
You upload your font , select which glyph groups ( which are sets like uppercase , lowercase , numbers , punctuation etc. ) you want to include and it returns a .js file containing your font .
Typeface.js only supports TrueType ( .ttf ) fonts .
Cufón also supports OpenType ( .otf ) , Printer Font Binary and postscript .
The converter for Typeface.js has a build - in check for the font license , and will refuse to convert any font that does n’t allow embedding .
On uploading , Typeface.js forwards to a page where you can select your glyphs and download your file .
Cufón lets you select the glyphs on the first page , and also give you the option to include a bold and an italic variant in the same file .
Besides that , it allows you to restrict usage to certain domains , and set the quality of the font ( lower quality is faster performance ) .
I used both to convert Optimer with uppercase , lowercase , numerals , punctuation and extended latin .
Cufón ’s file is called Optimer_400.font.js and is 27.3 kb while Typeface.js ’ file is called optimer_regular.typeface.js and is 68.7 kb .
Including Cufón or Typeface.js in your website
Cufón and Typeface.js both work by linking to their javascript file and the font file in your < head > :
Cufón
< head > … < script src=" cufon - yui.js " type = " text / javascript " ></ script > < script src= " Optimer_400.font.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script > … </head >
Typeface.js
< head > … < script src=" typeface-0.11.js " type = " text / javascript " ></ script > < script src=" optimer_regular.typeface.js " type =" text / javascript " ></ script > … </head >
To select which elements to convert , you have to add the following < head > for Cufón :
< script type =" text / javascript " > Cufon.replace ( 'h1 ' ) ; //
If you also include a library , you can add complex selectors like # content h1 </ script >
Typeface.js does things a bit differently , and in my opinion , easier .
Typeface .js automatically changes all heading elements that reference Typeface .js fonts ( which is the first part of your font file name , in our case optimer , and any element that has the class typeface - js :
< div class = " myclass typeface - js " > … h1 , h2 { font - family : optimer ; }
Multiple fonts
Both Typeface.js and Cufón allow you to load in multiple fonts .
Typeface.js finds them automatically when you specify them in your CSS , and Cufón allows you to use multiple fonts by specifying the font - family in it ’s initial function :
Cufón.replace ( 'h2 ' , { fontFamily : ' Qlassik Medium ' } ) ;
Internet Explorer 7
No party would be complete without someone trying to ruin it for everyone , so here ’s internet explorer ’s problem : for both Cufón and Typeface.js , the script can have a couple of milliseconds of delay , causing the text to ‘ flicker ’ .
To stop it from doing so , place the following code right before the closing < / body > body tag :
Cufón :
< script type =" text / javascript " > Cufon.now ( ) ; </ script >
Typeface.js
< script type =" text / javascript " > _typeface_js.renderDocument ( ) ; </ script >
Side by Side
Of course , all this is fun , but it would be nice to see them in action besides each other .
No worries , I ’ve made a Demo Comparison Page .
On rendering , you can see a number of spacing differences .
There are especially noticeable when looking at the spacing in the typographic scale , where Cufón performs much better than Typeface.js
Conclusion
Which one is better ?
Cufón or Typeface.js ?
In terms of functionality , the difference is small .
Cufón supports more filetypes , Typeface.js supports more CSS properties .
Both however , support the stuff you ’re most likely to need .
Typeface.js is easier to use ( just use the right font - family and , if it ’s not a header , add a class ) , Cufón is about 40 kb smaller in total and handles spacing better out of the box .
For now , Cufón performs slightly better due to handling spacing better , but I do n’t think there is a clear winner .
That just means that the race is on : the first one to add selectable text wins !
Next Week
Come back next week for an article on how to combine these techniques with @font - face !
Translations
Belorussian translation
Hi , I 'm Kilian .
I make Polypane , the browser for responsive web development and design .
If you 're reading this site , that 's probably interesting to you .
Try it out !
The future arrives gradually .
Unless you ’re Rip Van Winkle , you do n’t even notice .
But once in a while there ’s a signpost that says , “ Yup .
You ’re living in the future . ”
I saw one this morning , and it arrived courtesy of the Los Angeles Times .
I get most of my news from the Web these days , but I like the ritual of reading the actual paper during breakfast .
I know about the accumulating cutbacks in the editorial staff , and I ’ve noticed changes : Fewer investigative pieces , more stories from wire services , shrinking ( and then vanishing ) sections .
I know it ’s happening , but it ’s happening gradually .
But I think we ’ve reached a tipping point :
Here ’s a zoomed - in version :
My kids like to point out that I almost never actually laugh .
When they tell a joke , the best they can usually hope for is that I ’ll crack a smile .
But I actually LOL ’d when Linda showed me this page in the paper today .
As someone who previously worked in a professional publishing operation , though , this is actually fairly sad .
It ’s not that mistakes do n’t happen ; they always do .
It ’s not that they ’ve had to cut back on the layers of proofreading that would have caught this early .
It ’s that this was a really glaring mistake .
I think there ’s a chance they knew about it before they went to press , but decided to print it like this anyway .
In an earlier era , the editorial folks would have said , “ No way can you print it like this .
We have to eat the cost of fixing it , or our reputation for competence will suffer horribly . ”
But if that conversation took place , apparently the editorial folks at the Times do n’t have that kind of pull anymore .
Update : Kevin Roderick , writing in his LAO Blog ( So much for those later deadlines ) , adds a little detail , courtesy of an email he received from someone who works on the Times ’ Calendar section :
“ We only have late deadlines Sunday through Wednesday nights .
Thursday was our regular 3 pm deadline , which was delayed almost 40 minutes by the computer system crashing , which caused the Quick Takes problem . ”
So , they ran out of time due to a computer system crash ?
And rather than delaying , they just sent the story anyway ?
That makes it sound like it may have been a known - when - it - went - out - the - door problem , rather than a not - noticed - until - it - was - gone problem , as I speculated in my original post .
Which , again , is kind of depressing .
I have n’t seen any official acknowledgment or explanation so far .
Here ’s the text of a query I sent to Jamie Gold , the LA Times ’ readers ’ representative , last night .
I was one of a number of people who noticed the unfortunate proofreading error in Friday ’s print edition , when the “ Quick Takes ” sidebar on D2 had all its placeholder headings ( “ tag briefs subhead large ” , etc. ) left in place , rather than being replaced by the actual headlines .
I posted about it on my blog , at http://www.lies.com/wp/2009/03/27/blog-post-subhead-large/.
As someone who has worked in the editorial operation at a number of trade magazines , I sympathize with the pain of having an error like that go out .
I ’m only too aware of how easy it is for such mistakes to happen .
And really , it ’s one of those things that is more humorous ( at least from the outside ) than anything else .
Except for an aspect of it that I ca n’t help wondering about ( and that I talked about in my blog post ) :
To what extent might this error be related to the widely reported cutbacks in editorial staff that your paper has made in the last few years ?
As a long - time subscriber , I ’m concerned by the possibility that the erosion of the newspaper business model resulting from things like craigslist is going to lead to more staff cuts and more mistakes like this , as well as other , more significant reductions in editorial quality .
I hope the Times will publish some account of what happened , what steps , if any , are being taken to prevent a re-occurrence , and most importantly , what a subscriber like myself , who is concerned about the effects of editorial cutbacks , should think about the incident ’s significance .
I looked in today ’s paper for some mention , but could n’t find anything .
Has the issue already been addressed publicly ?
Will it be ?
Thanks .
Later update : Jamie Gold , the Times ’ reader ’s rep , responded to me via email this afternoon :
A note on Page A4 in the “ For the Record ” section was published that day .
In this case , it was a computer glitch — the final page that editors saw before sending the pages in showed the correct headlines , but what appeared off the presses did n’t match what editors had seen earlier .
But I ’ll forward your point to editors for their thoughts about your broader concerns regarding quality control and staffing cuts .
So , that ’s kind of cool , that she ’s working on a Sunday answering random emails .
I did n’t notice the A4 “ For the Record ” item on Friday , and appear to have used that section since then to light the barbecue , but I ’ll take her word for it .
That explanation leaves a question unanswered , though :
At what stage was the problem actually noticed ?
Was an explicit decision made to ship the problematic version ?
How much zeal can a reader of the Times reasonably expect the paper to employ in pursuit of editorial quality ?
I ’m not trying to be snarky .
I ’m actually curious what the answer is , and I suspect that the answer might not be the same today as it was a few years ago .
Have you watched film of Titanic ?
What is the story behind ?
Constructed at the Harland and Wolff shipyard in Belfast , Ireland Titanic was , on her maiden voyage , the largest vessel afloat .
On April 10th 1912 the Titanic sailed from Southampton with 2,200 passengers and crew , four days later the Titanic collided with an iceberg and sank .
1500 people died and 700 survived .
As many knows , a film has been made for the long - remembered tragedy .
And following is the spoiler from the sequence of the Titanic film …
Can you see the “ bomb ” in the picture ?
Click for Hi Resolution
Category : Arts and Culture , Funny and Jokes
The captured Somali pirate who held a US merchant ship captain hostage will be brought to New York to face trial , a US official said yesterday .
The suspect , identified as Abduhl Wal - i- Musi , was taken aboard a US navy ship shortly before Navy Seal snipers killed the three remaining pirates holding Captain Richard Phillips hostage on a lifeboat launched from his cargo vessel , the Maersk Alabama .
The official said it was not immediately clear when Wal - i - Musi will be brought to New York .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because he was not authorised to disclose information about an ongoing investigation .
CBS
News first reported the name of the suspect and the decision to prosecute him in New York .
Officials decided to send him to trial in New York in part because the FBI office there has a history of handling cases in Africa involving major crimes against Americans , including the al - Qaida bombings of US embassies in Kenya and Tanzania in 1998 .
The government had been weighing whether to bring the suspect to trial in the United States or hand him over to authorities in Kenya , which has an international agreement to prosecute pirates .
Since the hostage standoff on the high seas ended on Sunday , US authorities have been examining details of the case , particularly Wal - i - Musi 's age .
Initially , he was thought to have been between 16 years and 20 years of age , but US defence secretary Robert Gates later said all four of the pirates involved were between ages 17 and 19 .
If he is under 18 , federal prosecutors must take a number of additional steps to justify charging him in federal court .
Though no charges have been publicly filed , the suspect could face charges that carry a maximum sentence of life in prison .
Israel is becoming a right - wing country .
That is the most significant thing you need to know about Tuesday ’s election returns .
In a sense , this is no surprise .
Israel has been moving right for years .
It was not until 1977 -- almost 30 years after the establishment of the state -- that the right won its first election , when Menachem Begin became prime minister .
And in the 32 years since then , the right - wing Likud Party ( or its Kadima spinoff ) have controlled the government for 24 years , with the Labor Party only in power for eight .
No wonder the peace process has foundered in the years since Labor Prime Minister Yitzhak Rabin shook PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat ’s hand and began negotiations toward a two - state solution .
The Israeli right opposed Rabin ’s moves from the get - go and fought him tooth and nail .
A far - right activist assassinated Rabin for what he considered the selling out of the national patrimony .
And in many right - wing quarters in Israel , that assassin is still considered a hero .
On Tuesday , a clear majority of Israelis chose right - wing parties again .
No one claimed the Rabin mantle during the campaign , not even the Labor Party candidate , Ehud Barak .
All the major candidates endorsed the recent Gaza war .
The strong showing by Likud ’s Benjamin Netanyahu was based on his view that the war , though welcome , was nonetheless too little and too late .
In other words , the campaign was little different from other recent campaigns : flag - waving , populism and fear - mongering ( over Iran , the Palestinians and global anti-Semitism ) .
But there was one novel element .
That was the candidacy of Avigdor Lieberman , head of the Yisrael Beiteinu ( Israel Our Home ) party , which was on track to win a stunning 16 Knesset seats .
Lieberman ran a frankly anti- Arab campaign .
His slogan was “ No citizenship without loyalty . ”
He promised to implement it by demanding that Arabs living in Israel sign oaths of loyalty to the Jewish state .
No one knows how many Arabs would sign such an oath .
It is one thing for a Palestinian to be a peaceful , productive citizen of Israel .
It is quite another to expect him to sign a document that stipulates loyalty to Israel as a Jewish state .
It is also insulting , as it is clearly intended to be .
( Remember the huge controversy about loyalty oaths in this country in the 1940s and 1950s ?
And those were not limited to members of a particular ethnic group . )
Then there is the question of what would happen to those Arabs who would n’t sign .
In theory , they could be stripped of citizenship .
They would lose the right to vote , along with other privileges of citizenship , leaving them resident aliens in a land their forebears have lived in for a millennium .
The good news is that Lieberman ’s plan is not going to be adopted , not when Israel is worried about President Obama ’s level of affection for the Jewish state .
Moreover , it is hard to imagine that a majority of Israelis would tolerate such an unabashedly racist law .
Nonetheless , it is very worrisome that it is this plan that produced Lieberman ’s huge vote .
His party now has more seats than Labor , the party that presided over the country for its first three decades .
And his support skews young .
In preelection high school polls , he swept every school that was surveyed .
Not all of Lieberman ’s policies are right wing .
He favors separation of synagogue and state , for instance .
He promises civil marriage and an end to the Orthodox monopoly of control on all matters relating to the Jewish religion .
He even favors the two - state solution , which he views more as a means of preserving ethnic purity than establishing peace .
He ’ll take smaller , as long as it ’s Jewish .
But it is his anti-Arab views that won him his big vote .
His voters apparently like his promise to treat Arab members of the Knesset as “ collaborators ” who should be dealt with like collaborators with the Nazis .
They like his pledge to create “ separation of the two nations and the creation of homogenous states . ”
They agree that “ the biggest problem of the 21st century is how to deal with minorities .
Every country where you have two languages , two religions and two races , you have conflict . ”
In short , Lieberman is Israel ’s Jorg Haider or Jean - Marie Le Pen .
And he almost surely will be a part of the next government .
This may not affect the peace process , the fate of which rests less on the makeup of Israel ’s government than on Obama ’s level of determination .
Obama has indicated that he wants to have the United States play the role of “ honest broker ” between Israelis and Palestinians rather than continue to act like “ Israel ’s lawyer , ” as former Middle East mediator Aaron David Miller described the U.S. stance under Bill Clinton and George W. Bush .
So far the signs are good that Obama intends to play that role .
The appointment of George Mitchell , who brokered the Northern Ireland agreement , as special envoy to the Middle East is a promising indication that Obama intends to push both Israelis and Palestinians hard to get to an agreement .
Lieberman cannot stop that from happening .
Obama will be the one to determine whether the peace process is resuscitated or simply expires .
No , it is not concern about the state of the peace process that will keep many of Israel ’s supporters from sleeping as they contemplate this year ’s Israeli election .
It is the state of Israel ’s soul .
M.J. Rosenberg is director of policy analysis for the Israel Policy Forum .
You bought a gun to keep your family safe .
But what will keep your family safe from the gun ?
According to the American Academy of Pediatrics , almost 1,300 children die …
US Economy – Future Outlook is not Rosy
I have let my displeasure be known over the pork laden spending in the stimulus package that was rushed through the congress .
The continuing strings of bailouts and life support for value destroying banks is not going to help the US economy either .
But there are more potent forces that have the potential to murk the future of US economy and unless the government policies do not firmly and intelligently address these issues , we are in for a long dark period of economic blight .
Labor shortages and immigration policy
We complain about jobs being outsourced to reduce cost .
We complain about skilled immigrants coming to US and taking over our skilled and good paying jobs .
But the fact of the matter is that pretty soon , we will not have a domestic labor pool large enough to fill the positions in this country .
This is a result of the demographic shifts that are occurring in US today .
It is projected that severe labor shortages will start occurring by 2015 due to the fact that baby boom generation will start retiring .
Improvements in medical care has also steadily increased the life expectancy in US .
This will have an effect of increasing the ratio of dependents in the society ( primarily older citizens ) to the working class .
As a result , this will cause great strain on already meager savings rate as well as increased government spending on social programs .
This in turn will reduce the capital available in the society to invest in economic growth .
Some of the effects will be mitigated as more and more people will choose to and be able to defer retirement , partly due to lack of savings and partly due to the fact that better medical care means more people are able to remain active for longer .
For long term economic health , we need to produce more children now so more can enter the workforce in the future .
Additionally , more emphasis needs to be put on improving education and ensuring that a larger proportion of children go on to finish college so they are able to take on the highly skilled jobs of tomorrow .
But still , this is a long term project that we need to commit to as a nation and I am gladdened to see a renewed focus on education and higher learning from Obama administration .
But for the short term , there will still be a shortage of workers for many years and about the only way to mitigate this ( if we want to keep the US economy strong and growing ) is to allow more and easier immigration for skilled workers .
Canada recognized this sometime ago and so did Australia and as a result with right set of skills , immigrating to Canada or Australia is a much simpler and shorter process .
Even Germany and other European nations are realizing this and easing their immigration policies .
But we as a country are clamping down on immigration .
Immigration has always been a political hot potato and the recent populist measures coming out from the Obama administration ( examples include Buy American provisions to limit outsourcing , and , Bank of America rescinding job offers to foreign nationals MBAs from US schools due to some obscure prohibition on H1 visas as part of the TARP bailout , etc ) do not impart confidence that we really do understand the coming disruptions in the labor market .
Government policies are clearly not aligned with the provable facts in this case .
And frankly , given the economic conditions in US and the growth in China and India , we have now started witnessing a growing and alarming trend of reverse migration .
Increasing deficits and debt burden
The unnecessary and large spending that this administration ( and also the bailouts during the Bush administration ) has engaged in will push the deficits to historically record levels getting very close to being unsustainable in the long term .
According to the administration , the deficit will peak at around 12 % of the GDP .
As a point of reference , US tax revenues are typically around 20 % of the GDP .
A typically sustainable deficit is around 3 - 4 % of the GDP which is President Obama ’s goal for the year 2013 .
So where will the money come from ?
The deficit is being created by borrowing / creating money .
Either way , too much money is being pumped into the system very rapidly and this will most likely result in very high levels of inflation ( think double digits ) by the time President Obama ’s term ends .
On top of this , the deficit reduction will be paid for by increasing taxes on high income earners ( mostly small business owners ) and cutting down on war expenses .
Think about this for a moment .
Four years from now , we are likely to see high inflation ( things are becoming more and more expensive to buy ) , low business growth ( higher business taxes eat up part of the reinvestment capital ) and beginnings of a shrinkage in the labor pool in this country .
The brief economic spurt due to infrastructure and other stimulus would have run its course .
Hmm , can you say more outsourcing for cost reductions as well as to find workers and possibly avoid or defer paying what is the 2nd highest business taxes in the world in US .
But this is not all ,
US coporations will lose the tax deferment benefits for the overseas profits that is not repatriated
As a further obstacle to outsourcing American jobs , the Obama administration is likely to end the deferment of US corporate taxes on American firms on their foreign incomes .
Currently , US firms are able to defer US corporate taxes on the incomes they derive from their subsidiaries outside of US as long as they keep the earnings overseas .
When the income is brought back in the US , these companies do have to pay US taxes on the income that is brought back .
This is almost the only way the US companies are able to compete overseas in spite of the 2nd highest corporate taxes in the world in US .
Unfortunately , this deferment may now end , which according to President Obama , will discourage US companies from shipping jobs overseas .
However , I think the more likely outcome will be that US companies will no longer be competitive in the world markets .
So in addition to making business environment more difficult at home , we are also likely to see US companies becoming less competitive overseas and unable to outsource .
For a multinational and global company in US , this might mean it is time to move their base to a different and more business friendly country .
There is a reason the stock market is getting more and more worried as more of Obama ’s plans and government policies are detailed .
There is a reason why some have openly called Obama as anti-business .
Whatever his real leanings may be , it is going to be a really tough act for Mr President to align his vision for revival of the US economy with the facts of economic reality .
printable version - js reader version - view hidden posts - tags and related articles
Tony and Ashley Weeks : Transgender Couple Relate Their Experiences by Mark Gabrish Conlan / Zenger 's Newsmagazine Thursday , Jun. 26 , 2008 at 11:22 AM
mgconlan@earthlink.net ( 619 ) 688-1886 P. O. Box 50134 , San Diego , CA 92165 Male - to - female Transgender person ASHLEY WEEKS and her female - to - male husband TONY talk about their struggles with gender identity and the love they ’ve found in being themselves .
tony___ashley_interview.a.jpg , image / jpeg , 600x800 TONY & ASHLEY WEEKS :
Transgender Couple Relate Their Experiences
interview by MARK GABRISH CONLAN
Copyright © 2008 by Mark Gabrish Conlan for Zenger ’s Newsmagazine •
All rights reserved
When the Bisexual Forum of San Diego held its first in a series of conferences on sexuality May 27 at the Rubber Rose gallery and boutique in North Park , a wide variety of people spoke on the panel , including Bisexual Forum co-founder Dr. Regina Reinhardt ; self - styled “ bliss coach and author ” Kamala Devi , who described her evolution from an exclusive Lesbian identification to bisexuality and polyamory ;
Gay student activist Victor Olivares ; and young Lesbian Kelly Frizell , who talked about surprising sources of support as well as opposition in the small town in which she grew up .
But the “ stars ” of the evening were a Transgender couple , Tony and Ashley Weeks , whose unusual relationship —
Tony ’s a female - to - male and Ashley ’s a male - to - female — and “ star ” quality galvanized the audience .
Tony and Ashley got asked most of the audience questions , and by their own example they created a safe space for the other Transgender people in the room to come out and discuss their lives and experiences as well .
It was a remarkable evening , and then and there I decided I wanted to interview them for the annual Zenger ’s Queer pride feature .
When we finally got together — in between the operations for the final stages of Tony ’s transition — they lovingly and provocatively discussed their coming - out stories , relationships with their families and former partners , and how whatever they ’ve gone through in their lives , they ’ve just been two people living as who they are .
Zenger ’s : I ’d like to start with you each just talking about yourselves , how you grew up , how you discovered being Transgender and what your struggle was out of that .
Ashley Weeks : Discovering
I was Transgender is sort of like when do you realize that you ’re a human being , or when do you realize that you ’re straight , or a woman , or a man .
It ’s just always been .
I was n’t able to put a finger on what it was , but I ’ve always felt the same way .
As I got older , I found that where I grew up , it was n’t allowed , or it was n’t condoned .
So I tried to hide that part of myself and go along with what society ’s construct was for me .
I tried to be a masculine man , and it just did not work .
I ’m not sure what you mean about the growing - up thing .
Zenger ’s : I mean how you got from trying to hide it to finally realizing that that was n’t an option — you needed to be out in the open — and how you set about doing that .
Ashley : I would allow that part of me to come out at times , but not out in public , not openly .
It got to the point where I just felt so incredibly depressed that I had the feeling of just not wanting to be here on the planet any longer .
The fear of that outweighed the fear that I had of coming out .
If you can imagine growing up as a masculine man , to come out to everybody that you know — to your family , to your friends , to everybody that you come in contact with — it ’s just not an easy process at all .
So , accordingly , I had a lot of fear about that .
Also , growing up during the 1960 ’s and 1970 ’s , we did n’t really know about any of this stuff .
HBO did n’t start until I was in high school .
There was n’t any cable TV .
It was n’t written about in the paper .
We did n’t have anybody to talk with about it .
So I did n’t know anything .
There was no Internet , no information .
So I just thought that I was the only person that felt like I did .
Zenger ’s :
You said that you grew up in a conservative environment .
Where ?
Ashley :
Well , my father was in the Navy for 30 years , so we moved around a bit and ended up in San Diego in 1971 .
Zenger ’s : Tony , how did you become aware of being Transgender ?
Tony
Weeks : I always knew , and I always acted very masculine — even from an early age , according to what my parents told me .
I never saw myself as female .
When puberty hit and the female body started developing , so did an enormous amount of self - hate and self - loathing .
I started on a downhill spiral from there .
I was born and raised in a little Gulf Coast town in Texas .
My parents were of German descent , very much the Old South , very conservative Lutherans .
Like Ashley was saying , back in the 1960 ’s and 1970 ’s there was no Internet .
HBO did n’t come around until I was in high school .
That ’s when I actually did see a documentary about a Transgender male , and I knew that that had to be me .
I had told my parents that I was Gay , but I never really felt Gay because I did n’t feel like a woman .
But there was no other category to put myself in .
So , since I did n’t even feel that , I did n’t feel part of the human race .
I came to San Diego when I was 18 , and over time , with different therapists , I talked about my feelings .
They talked to me about being Transsexual .
But I was too scared to look at it , because I still thought I was crazy .
I thought I was nuts .
What got me to the point of doing the physical transition was I just could n’t live another day in this skin , in this body .
Something had to change , and so I ended up seeing a therapist .
They hooked me up with the Trans community here , and slowly but surely I started the physical transition .
There ’s a lot in between all the highlights I was just telling you , as far as the self - destruction .
But the hardest thing about coming out , as far as being Transsexual , was that I had it confused with my sexual orientation .
That ’s why I just thought I was crazy .
It was n’t until I met other Transsexuals that were identifying as Gay that I realized that being Transsexual had nothing to do with my sexual orientation .
That ’s what makes it a little tricky for everyone to understand , including Transsexuals early on .
It ’s apples and oranges , as far as that goes .
Zenger ’s : How did your parents respond when you came out to them ?
Tony :
By the time I came out to them as Transsexual , my mom was in the later stages of Parkinson’s .
She could n’t even talk , and I ’m not even aware that she knew who I was , regardless .
My dad said that he accepted it , but when he died he had disowned me , just left me out of the will and everything .
I did n’t really care about the material stuff , but it kind of hurt — not kind of , it did .
But I was n’t able to go back to either of their funerals , because they were fairly prominent in this little town , and it would n’t have been a good idea .
My brother knows , and we e-mail each other and stay in contact , but I think he accepts it the best he can with what he ’s got to work with .
Zenger ’s : How did you two meet ?
Tony :
We met at a 12 - step meeting for Transgenders .
Zenger ’s : Was it love at first sight ?
Ashley : No , no , it was n’t .
It was the anniversary of my first lover ’s death , and Tony could see that I was physically shaken .
He asked me if we wanted to spend a little time together , just talking .
We went to shoot some pool and we talked some more , and it was just very nice of him to do .
We continued to see each other here and there , and just got closer and closer as time went on .
Zenger ’s :
Was the fact that you were both Transgender one of the things that brought you together ?
Ashley : I think it was , in that we would n’t have been at that meeting , we would n’t have met each other in that context .
It ’s also helpful in that we understand each other on a deeper level .
However , I really do n’t think that ’s the main thing .
It ’s just that our spirits are both attracted to each other .
We just are very close .
Tony : I do n’t think it hurt anything , as far as it goes .
I know it ’s not the only reason I was attracted to her , but one of the benefits of being with her is that , by me being able to accept her as a woman , it made it easier for me to accept myself as a man before we had our surgeries .
On an emotional level , it would have been a lot more challenging with a genetic female .
Ashley : Absolutely .
Tony : I think that this has made us closer , too .
I ’ve had quite a few relationships in my time , and when there is not this type of closeness , when it ’s all about a sexual relationship , it does n’t tend to last as long or be as sincere and committed .
Ashley :
We both feel the same way about this .
Zenger ’s : I was going to ask , before you got together , what your experience had been dating people who are n’t Transgender , and how did each of you experience that .
Tony : I only dated women , and they were usually what I guess in the community would have been considered the “ lipstick Lesbians , ” the really feminine women .
There were only a few that knew , that I came out to and straightforwardly said that I wanted to transition .
Usually , they would say , “ Well , if you do that I ’m going to leave . ”
That was one of the things that helped me realize that I could n’t continue to try to live as a man without actually transitioning to one , because it was n’t fair to them and it was n’t fair to me .
Zenger ’s :
That seems to be one of the quirkier aspects of this whole thing , what you talked about earlier about the mix - up between gender identity and sexual orientation .
You ’re dealing with someone and you ’re thinking , “ She ’s attracted to me because she thinks I ’m a woman .
But I ’m really not a Gay woman ; I ’m a straight man . ”
Tony : Uh-huh .
You see where it could make you feel like you ’re just nuts !
Zenger ’s : I remember going to Gay meetings in the early 1990 ’s , when the subject of Trans inclusion was just starting to come up , and there were a number of people in the Gay / Lesbian / Bisexual communities who said that Transgender people are not really part of “ our ” struggle because most of them are straight in their self - perceived gender , if not their biological one .
How would you answer that ?
Tony :
In some ways I agree .
I ca n’t speak for the whole Trans community , and I wo n’t even try to , but for myself , you can be straight , Gay , Lesbian or Bisexual , and that ’s orientation .
Within the Transsexual community , you can also be straight , Gay , Lesbian or Bisexual .
I know some Transgender people who were straight before they started the transition and now identify as Gay .
I think the reason we ’re lumped under that umbrella is because , before we transition , there are no other labels for us to go by .
Ashley : I knew that I was n’t straight , so I thought the only alternative was that I was Gay .
I lived in that lifestyle for some time , and I knew that it really was n’t me , but it fit me better than “ straight . ”
Later I started to get involved with the Bisexual community , and I found that a lot of Bisexual feelings are similar to Transsexual feelings .
I met [ The Bisexual Option author and Bisexual Forum of San Diego co-founder ] Dr. Fritz Klein and we became friends .
We had a lot of talks about the struggles of both communities .
As part of his orientation grid [ the late Dr. Klein ’s expansion of the Kinsey scale of sexual orientation ] , it fits with Transgender or Transsexual people as well , only more on gender orientation than sexual orientation .
Zenger ’s :
One thing I ’ve noticed is that historically the Gay and Lesbian communities have based their demands for equality on the idea that sexual orientation is an immutable characteristic , and despite the progress we ’ve made towards inclusion , it ’s a very uneasy fit with the existence of Bisexual and Transgender people .
It ’s hard to imagine a more immutable characteristic a person can have than the physical configuration of their body as male or female , and yet I ’m sitting in front of two people for whom that was , if anything , an impediment to you getting where you needed to go ; that your bodies had to be mutable because your minds , your souls , were in the other gender .
Ashley :
The way I look at it is it ’s like finding a man who identifies in their body and is , say , straight , and having the entire world tell him that he ’s a woman , and that he ’s somehow Queer .
He knows what he is , but society tells him he ’s something else .
I ’m not trying to be anything , and in fact I found that as I accepted myself as who I am , and let go of direction of going towards this body or that body or whatever , that a natural progression just happened .
And it happened a lot more quickly than I could have imagined .
Zenger ’s :
The very existence of Bisexual and Transgender people seems to me to say these things are not as immutable as Gays and Lesbians like to claim ; that there ’s a whole range of possibilities , and as I see it , your struggles and those of other Transgender people I ’ve known and talked to seemed just to be finding where you fit .
Ashley :
It ’s funny , because “ finding where you fit ” is a societal construct for me .
It ’s sort of like having one box over here , and another box over there , and telling someone that they “ fit ” either in one box or the other box .
The truth of the matter is that we do n’t all neatly fit into boxes .
It makes it easier for us to characterize people , or come to an understanding of the world .
However , I just do n’t believe that that ’s at all the case .
Tony :
When any group of people , whether it ’s Transgender , Gay , Lesbian , Bisexual , Black , Asian , whatever — whenever any group is oppressed , everybody ’s oppressed .
I think the less people understand that difference , the more oppressed that group is and the more time it ’s going to take before people accept them .
I used to work in a very conservative place , and one of the people I worked with was a retired policeman from St. Louis .
He used to make all kinds of homophobic jokes , and I had to come out at this job .
He got to know me as a person , though , and one time we were talking and I was trying to explain to him what it was like to be Transsexual .
I had him think about how he felt , how he looked , everything he could see himself and could feel , but then when he looked in the mirror he would see his wife instead of seeing himself .
He sat there for a minute and he did that , and then he opened his eyes and he apologized and said , “ You know , I do n’t know how you ’ve done it all these years . ”
As people have got to know me as a person , and see that we ’re more similar than we ’re different , and they do n’t have to be scared of those differences , then their minds change .
They question their own values —
Ashley : — their own values —
Tony : — and why they are scared , and they come to their own conclusions .
I think that we ’re the least understood group , because I know for myself that for a long time I did n’t even understand it .
I ca n’t really expect other people who do n’t have to deal with it to understand it automatically , because I did n’t understand it .
It ’s taken me a while just to accept it .
The truth is , I still do n’t understand it .
It could be because of testosterone washes or whatever stuff that could have happened in the womb , but it ’s so complex that scientists still ca n’t pinpoint one particular reason why .
Ashley :
Why does n’t seem to be as important to me any longer .
I feel that people want to make a case for one thing or another , so they want to find evidence of why and how and all of these things .
As I ’ve grown I ’ve found that that seems more of a separatist view .
I believe that it ’s hard for me to ask for love and respect while at the same time not giving it to others .
It ’s easier for me to point the finger at an oppressor , and say it ’s us against them .
Mother Teresa was asked to march against the Viet Nam war , and she said it ’s something that she would not do .
When she was asked why , she said that if the march was for peace , she would march .
I know a lot of people that in fact are straight , Republican , conservative , liberal , Democrat , independent , Green Party , etc. , and I just consider them all friends and people .
It ’s funny how much acceptance I have found with that outlook , whereas when it was an us - against - them , it was me trying to find an outside acceptance instead of an inner peace .
Zenger ’s : I ’ve often been told , about one thing or another , “ I do n’t understand that , ” and I ’ve told people , “ Have you asked ? ” “ I do n’t understand why people would be Gay , why people would be Transgender , why people would be into S/ M . ”
“ Have you ever asked them ?
Is n’t that the way you find out ? ”
Because very often that phrase , “ I do n’t understand [ blank ] , ” actually means , “ I do n’t want to understand [ blank ] . ”
Ashley : I think it ’s also a matter of whether it really affects a person or not .
If someone does n’t know anyone who ’s Transsexual or Gay or Lesbian or Bisexual , and they do n’t really have to deal with the issue , then it becomes more of a non-issue .
But when people get to know someone first , and then find out that they ’re Bisexual , Gay , Trans , Lesbian , GLBT , they have a reason for questioning their own values , and why they hold those values .
I feel that ’s where change occurs the most .
I had a conservative roommate who was a Rush Limbaugh “ dittohead . ”
He was sharing with a friend of mine and I how he agreed with Rush ’s take on how everyone with HIV and AIDS should be put on a desert island .
At the time , I was HIV - positive and my lover was dying , and later died , of AIDS .
I did n’t attack his position , but asked him why he held it .
He just said that he thought that that was the way it was .
When I accepted him , continued to accept him , and later told him what was going on , but did n’t bring up any of the stuff about Rush , he questioned his own values , and later told me that I was instrumental in opening new doors for him .
Zenger ’s :
What would you want to say to people both in the Gay community and in the U.S. Congress who were willing to pass a nondiscrimination bill to protect people based on sexual orientation , but not on gender identity ?
Tony : I guess , what are they scared of ?
Ashley : I think I would thank them for going that far , but ask why they held the view that Transsexuals or Transgenders did not somehow deserve the same rights as everyone else .
It ’s too bad that laws like these have to be part of our legislation at all .
Tony : I think it goes back again to the whole thing of knowledge , because if people are under the belief that it ’s a choice , or just people going to the extremes of the Gay scales , then those are false and mistaken beliefs .
For myself , if I make decisions based on false beliefs , then the outcome usually does n’t come out very good .
Ashley :
And fair .
Tony : I felt angry , initially , but getting past the anger , I understand that most people do n’t understand the whole thing of Transsexuals .
I ca n’t totally explain it .
I can just tell you this much : it ’s not easy .
It ’s not like you transition and everything is great in your life .
Yeah , I pass , and no one knows unless I tell them , but it ’s like the world sees your secret , and they do n’t know that they ’re seeing your secret .
There are so many emotional and psychological things I ’ve experienced , fully transitioned .
It ’s not easy .
It ’s not the easy way out .
If anything , it ’s a really rough road .
I consider the other Transgender people I know , my brothers and sisters , and they ’re really struggling .
I just was in contact with one who finally got accepted in L.A. to a recovery home , but was in Louisiana and was struggling just to stay alive .
Ashley :
It ’s really amazing that the man Tony was speaking of came to our attention because of a conservative Republican straight woman who contacted us for help with this person .
She may have helped save his life .
She ’s fair - minded .
Tony : Some of my Trans sisters here in San Diego are out there having to work the streets just to try to keep a roof over their heads , and they do n’t necessarily want to do that .
They ’re not looking for self - pity , and I ’m not trying to make people feel sorry for them .
But people just wo n’t hire them for legitimate jobs .
So it ’s not the easy way out .
No one would choose to have those types of problems in their life .
zengersmag.blogspot.com
Report this post as : Share on : Twitter , Facebook , Google +
LATEST COMMENTS ABOUT THIS ARTICLE
Listed below are the 10 latest comments of 1 posted about this article .
These comments are anonymously submitted by the website visitors .
TITLE AUTHOR DATE Ms. ashley Monday , Dec. 12 , 2011 at 11:44 PM
By Paul Rincon
Science reporter , BBC News
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A fossil fish from Australia was one of the earliest known vertebrates to reproduce by fertilising eggs inside the female , a study suggests .
Nature journal says the ancient fish was carrying a 5 cm - long embryo .
The fertilisation of eggs by sperm outside the mother 's body - external fertilisation - is thought to have evolved before copulation .
The fossil suggests the fertilisation of eggs inside the female 's body evolved sooner than previously thought .
" These ( fish ) show some of the earliest evidence for internal reproduction , " Zerina Johanson , curator of fossil fish at London 's Natural History Museum ( NHM ) , told BBC News .
Evidence of reproductive biology is extremely rare in the fossil record
Zerina Johanson , Natural History Museum
" We expected that these early fishes would show a more primitive type of reproduction , where sperm and eggs combine in the water and embryos develop outside the fish . "
According to Dr Johanson , the 365 million - year - old specimen shows that " the type of advanced fertilisation , taking place inside the mother , was more common among early fishes than previously thought .
" This discovery is incredibly important because evidence of reproductive biology is extremely rare in the fossil record , " she said .
Dating to the Upper Devonian Period , the specimen has been bestowed with the scientific name Incisoscutum ritchiei .
It belongs to a group of early fish known as placoderms , which were covered in tough armour .
Shark comparison
This specimen shows a modification of the pelvic fin on its belly .
The authors of the Nature paper believe this structure , called a clasper , would have been used by the male to grip the female during mating .
A similar organ is seen in modern sharks .
" The clasper is an intermittent erectile organ that is inserted inside the female to transfer sperm , " said co-author Dr John Long , a palaeontologist at Museum Victoria in Australia .
In one type of placoderm called the ptyctodonts , this organ is covered in bone and hooked .
" This new group ... has more flexible claspers .
In the Nature paper , we 're suggesting this is the beginning of erectile male fertilisation , because part of that organ has been taken over by soft cartilage , " Dr Long explained .
The fossil comes from the Gogo formation of western Australia
The process of internal fertilisation and giving birth to live young distinguishes some fish and mammals from other animals such as reptiles and amphibians .
Dr Johanson thinks this was the main reproductive method for early fish such as placoderms and could have evolved in other fish groups too .
" ' Sex ' was far more common in these primitive prehistoric animals .
We used to think that external fertilisation was the earliest form of reproduction but copulation appears to be the main way they reproduced , " said Dr Johanson .
' Age of fish '
The fish , which has been in the collections of the NHM since the 1980s , was first thought to have died soon after its final meal .
The bones were thought to have been those of a smaller fish it had eaten .
But research on related fish prompted Dr Johanson and her colleagues to reinterpret the fossil .
They came to the conclusion that the " last meal " was in fact a young fish developing in the womb of its mother .
The find is very early evidence of internal reproduction Placoderms are thought to be among the most primitive jawed vertebrates .
They were extinct by the end of the Devonian , which is often described as " The Age of Fish " .
" Placoderms are right at the base of the vertebrate tree .
So they are distantly ancestral to us in a way , " said Dr Long .
After the placoderms died out , another type of jawed vertebrate , the bony fish , evolved into tetrapods - the four - limbed animal group which includes mammals , birds , reptiles and amphibians .
Last year , scientists reported the earliest instance of a live birth in another placoderm fossil from the Gogo formation of western Australia .
Paul.Rincon-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Tainted baby milk made thousands of Chinese children ill
A court has upheld the sentences of five people convicted over a milk contamination scandal in China .
The ex-head of China 's largest milk firm lost her appeal against a life sentence for selling hundreds of tonnes of milk laced with a toxic chemical .
Six babies died and more than 300,000 children were left ill after ingesting melamine , which was added to enhance the milk 's apparent protein level .
Two people face the death penalty , one a life term and another eight years .
State media said a court in Hebei Province rejected the appeal by Tian Wenhua , the former chairwoman of now - defunct Sanlu Group , at the centre of the dairy contamination .
The 66 - year - old was the highest - ranking executive charged over the scandal .
According to state media , the court also upheld a death sentence against Zhang Yujun , convicted of producing and selling the tainted milk , and a life sentence against Zhang Yanzhang , who acted as a middle man in supplying the toxic product to dairies .
Supreme court
Earlier , the death sentence was upheld against Geng Jinping , who managed a milk production centre and was found guilty of supplying milk containing melamine to dairies .
His brother Geng Jinzhu , who was sentenced to eight years in prison for his role , also had his appeal turned down .
In a separate case , a Chinese court has agreed to hear the first civil claim for compensation against Sanlu .
A number of parents have rejected a government - sponsored compensation scheme , saying it is inadequate , and does not address the long - term health risks resulting from the poisoning .
President Barack Obama 's initiative to raise new tax revenue to pay for major policy changes likely will focus in the short run on tightening enforcement against businesses and wealthy individuals .
In the long run , some experts believe it could lead to sweeping changes in the tax code itself .
White House officials disclosed the tax initiative on Tuesday , saying they intend to explore ways to better enforce the current code as well as improve it by eliminating corporate subsidies and untangling its many complexities .
Mr. Obama ...
Video : Magentic fields can make microscale machines do useful work Video : Magentic fields can make microscale machines do useful work
Tiny , free - roving micromachines have proved their potential for a range of uses from non-invasive surgery to mini chemical plants .
But such small devices present a big hurdle to researchers : they are very tricky to power .
The processes we rely on for fuel or power at normal scales just ca n’t be scaled down enough .
Now two new studies demonstrate what could be a solution : using magnetic fields to remotely power and control microscopic machines .
One of those machines is a micro-motor inspired by the corkscrewed spinning tail , or flagellum , used by some swimming bacteria .
Built by Bradley Nelson at the Swiss Federal Institute of Technology in Zurich and international colleagues , it spins and swims like the real thing , and can propel a mass roughly the same size as real bacteria .
The artificial flagellum is driven by the changing magnetic field produced by three pairs of electromagnetic coils positioned to cover the X , Y and Z axes of 3D space , and positioned around the tank of water in which the machine moves .
Its 47 - micrometer - long helical tail is fashioned from a ribbon of a semiconductor material and it has a 4.5 - micrometer - long magnetic “ head ” composed of chromium , nickel and gold .
Advertisement
Spinning field
By continually varying the electric current passing through each magnet pair , the team is able to generate a rotating magnetic field .
The magnetic head constantly adjusts to align with the changing field , which causes the tail to spin and drives the machine forwards ( see movie ) .
“ The fastest [ speed ] we have achieved with the current setup is 20 micrometers per second [ around four - tenths of a body length ] , ” says Nelson .
“ But with some minor electronic modifications we expect over 100 micrometers per second . ”
Self - propelled devices like this could be useful in biomedicine , where they could manipulate sub- cellular objects , or help in targeted drug delivery , Nelson says .
“ Magnetic approaches have the advantage that they do n’t require changes in the chemical composition of the environment , ” he adds .
Guided whirlpools
Alexey Snezhko at the Argonne National Laboratory in Illinois agrees .
“ Any mechanism of controlled self - propulsion at micro- and nanoscale becomes important , ” he says .
“ Magnetic swimmers constitute one of the [ most ] promising directions since such swimmers could be manipulated non-invasively . ”
His own team ’s studies into magnetic manipulation at the microscopic scale have produced self - assembling magnetic “ snakes ” capable of ferrying a microscopic cargo across the surface of a liquid .
The snakes start off as individual 90 - micrometer - wide nickel spheres floating on the surface of a beaker of water .
Magnetic coils placed around the container causes these tiny balls to spin on the spot , generating small whirlpools that drive them across the surface .
When two spheres pass sufficiently close to each other they join up due to magnetic attraction , eventually forming long snake - like strings .
Tiny tugboats
The combined effect of the spinning particles in a snake generates stronger whirlpools that act rather like engines , but because the engines are all similar in size and working in opposite directions they cancel one another out and the snake remains motionless .
However , if an object – for example a polystyrene bead – obstructs one of those whirlpool engines then the snake is forced out of balance and is driven across the surface of the water by the others .
It ’s a mechanism that has no analogy in nature , says Snezhko .
Tweaking the magnetic fields provides a way to move around small - scale cargo with precision .
“ The swimmers can easily push big particles , so potentially they can be used as a tool for targeted delivery , ” he says .
However , it is unlikely that the snakes could be used to deliver drugs inside the body because they only move on the surface of a liquid .
They are likely to be more useful to mix chemicals and increase reaction rates , Snezhko says .
They could also be used to clean up the surface of a water body , he suggests .
“ The magnetic particles could be functionalised by special molecules to adsorb specific particles or bacteria , so that while swimming they can collect those specific particles . ”
Journal reference : Snezhko ’s paper : Physical Review Letters ( upcoming publication ) .
Nelson ’s paper : Applied Physics Letters ( DOI : 10.1063/1.3079655 )
MOVING TO FRONT FROM MARCH 12 :
This poll is still open and will be a couple of more days .
=============================
This topic comes up quite a lot , especially in correspondence , and especially from graduate students and younger philosophers trying to figure out where to publish .
We have touched on the issue before , but I 've created a poll for readers on the subject to see whether any consensus emerges .
I have listed 29 journals , which readers can rank order ( with ties , of course ) , and you can also express ' no opinion . '
I 'll let this run till the middle of next week .
Hopefully this new poll will prove useful .
NOTE : At least on my brower , the counter for " votes cast " went back to zero after some 120 votes had already been cast -- though the votes were preserved , clearly , in the results .
No idea what happened , but if the total votes cast at the top seems inconsistent with the results , below , that 's why .
UPDATE : So with about 400 votes cast , this ranking seems to have become fairly stable :
1. Philosophical Review ( Condorcet winner : wins contests with all other choices ) 2 . Journal of Philosophy loses to Philosophical Review by 214–99 3 .
Nous loses to Philosophical Review by 239–91 , loses to Journal of Philosophy by 190 – 141 4 .
Mind loses to Philosophical Review by 245–85 , loses to Nous by 167– 152 5 .
Philosophy & Phenomenological Research loses to Philosophical Review by 282–64 , loses to Mind by 242–101 6 .
Philosophical Studies loses to Philosophical Review by 199 – 28 , loses to Philosophy & Phenomenological Research by 239–89 7 .
Analysis loses to Philosophical Review by 304–53 , loses to Philosophical Studies by 192–133 8 .
Australasian Journal of Philosophy loses to Philosophical Review by 308 –42 , loses to Analysis by 159 – 156 9 .
Philosophical Quarterly loses to Philosophical Review by 297–42 , loses to Australasian Journal of Philosophy by 167–121 10 .
Proceedings of the Aristotelian Society loses to Philosophical Review by 309–34 , loses to Philosophical Quarterly by 220 – 84 11 .
Philosophers ' Imprint loses to Philosophical Review by 183–21 , loses to Proceedings of the Aristotelian Society by 105 – 87 12 .
Philosophical Perspectives loses to Philosophical Review by 289–20 , loses to Philosophers ' Imprint by 135 – 116 13 .
Tied :
American Philosophical Quarterly loses to Philosophical Review by 305–30 , loses to Philosophical Perspectives by 108–80
Pacific Philosophical Quarterly loses to Philosophical Review by 323–17 , loses to Philosophical Perspectives by 147–114 15 .
The Monist loses to Philosophical Review by 308–27 , loses to American Philosophical Quarterly by 156–116
Just outside the " top 15 " are Canadian Journal of Philosophy , European Journal of Philosophy , Philosophical Topics , and Ratio .
I am surprised by Journal of Philosophy 's strong hold on # 2 , and that Philosophers '
Imprint did n't have an even stronger showing ( though it is far and away the youngest jounral in the the top 20 ) , but otherwise there are , I imagine , no surprises here .
Anyway , I expect this is a useful list for many young philosophers to have .
We 'll see if things change over the next few days .
This past year I 've done some photomicroscopy of samples of WTC dust .
A number of examples of the photos can be found in the latest AE911 truth.org video .
The related scientific analyses of the particles found in the WTC dust , in particular the red - gray chips first discovered by Professor Steven Jones , are ongoing .
But I 've also spent some time making nanothermites , and igniting them .
Here is a slideshow of 26 photomicrographs , half of which are nanothermite residues and half of which are ferromagnetic particles extracted from WTC dust samples .
These photos share many things in common , including the presence of metallic microspheres , vesicular formations and red - orange chips .
Sometimes it's hard to remember which photo belongs to which category .
If the nanothermite residues were mixed with concrete dust and glass fragments , it would likely be much more difficult to notice any differences .
You can see the slideshow here as well .
http://www.flickr.com/photos/32512879@N05/sets/72157611572140729/show/
Interesting stuff , to be sure .
And many thanks to Professor Jones , Janette MacKinlay , Shane Geiger , Mike Berger and others for the samples and inspiration .
Scientific papers are on the way , of course , but sharing some of the photos now is worthwhile I think .
Here 's to a truthful New Year !
If you ’ve been following us for a while , I ’m sure you ’ll remember Keith Loutit , that talented Australian photographer we featured a few times here on [ GAS ] for his amazing work on tilt - shift time - lapse videos .
To our greatest joy , Keith has released yet another masterpiece a few weeks ago , and as usual , we had to share it with you .
This one is named “ Bathtub IV ” and features a training rescue mission done by the Westpac Rescue Helicopter Service .
Enjoy !
Pin Share Email 0 Shares
The Happiness Equation
My brand new book is available now !
Read the first 50 + pages right here
Check it out at Amazon , Barnes & Noble , iBooks , IndieBound , or Indigo
Terminates all contracts - including voter registration system - following California county 's discovery , disclosure of major flaws in Diebold / Premier voting systems ...
Parke Bostrom Byon 3/25/2009 , 1:42 pm PT
Guest Blogged by Parke Bostrom of the Humboldt Transparency Project
At the California Secretary of State 's public hearing regarding the possible decertification of Diebold 's tabulator systems , GEMS v1.18.19 , in relation to the " Deck Zero " covert deletion of 197 ballots in the November election , the audit log 's magical " clear " button , and the GEMS audit logs failing to report when ballots were manually deleted by the operator , Diebold / Premier representatives tried to shift blame for the 197 deleted ballots onto the Humboldt County , CA , Registrar of Voters , Carolyn Crnich .
Crnich responded , " If you 're saying that your system needs to be checked every damn time we turn it on , I agree with you . "
Crnich 's use of an expletive seems to have pushed Diebold / Premier 's legal counsel over the edge , causing them to reach for and firmly press the " nuke " button in response , by petulantly informing the county of termination of licensing for the use of any of the company 's products .
Several days after returning to Humboldt , following the hearing in Sacramento , Crnich received two letters from Premier .
Both letters arrived in a single envelope , but unlike Premier Khrushchev's two letters to President Kennedy , Crnich did not get to choose which letter to respond to ....
The first letter , dated March 17th , was regarding section 25 of the Diebold Information Management System ( DIMS ) license agreement .
The license agreement , for the company 's computerized voter registration system , was signed on April 27th , 1999 .
Apparently section 25 allows Diebold / Premier to terminate Humboldt County 's annual license to use the DIMS system on 90 days notice .
Additionally , the letter went on to revoke all of Humboldt County 's licenses to use any Diebold / Premier election systems and software following the May 19th statewide special election .
Diebold / Premier also required that many pieces of equipment would have to be returned .
The second letter , dated March 18th , asked for confirmation that Registrar Crnich had declined Diebold / Premier 's offer of a free hardware and software upgrade to GEMS v1.18.24 .
That version of the software , though it no longer includes the flaw that auto - deletes ballots , still allows for ballots to be deleted without any notation in the system 's audit logs ( a violation of federal requirements for such software ) .
An upgrade to the newer version would also require that Humboldt County 's fleet of eighty precinct based Diebold AccuVote optical - scan machines receive a hardware retrofit .
Previously , Premier had offered to perform that upgrade at a cost of $ 324 per AccuVote ( a total cost of $ 26,000 ) , but they generously offered to throw in a free upgrade of the software part of GEMS .
A week after Crnich rejected that deal , Premier offered a complete free upgrade of both hardware and software , that Crnich also rejected .
Instead of retrofitting Humboldt 's current AccuVotes , Premier offered to provide refurbished retrofitted machines direct from the company 's headquarters in Texas .
According to Crnich , Santa Barbara and San Luis Obispo counties have accepted a free hardware and software upgrade to GEMS v1.18.24 , including retrofitted and refurbished AccuVote optical - scanners .
Apparently , after " every damn time , " all offers were taken off the table and the nukes were launched .
I asked Crnich if Premier would be taking back all the AccuVotes , too , or if Premier was merely taking all the " brains " ( GEMS & DIMS ) and leaving us with " just the useless pieces " ( the AccuVote hardware ) .
After pausing for a second , she replied , " they are leaving us with the rest of the useless pieces , " referring to the entire system .
I asked her if she really wanted me to quote her directly on that .
Crnich 's reply : " What else can they do to me at this point ? "
Back in December and January , when Crnich was discussing the transition to Hart InterCivic equipment , she did say that she was planning on continuing to use Premier 's DIMS voter registration system .
But now she has to scramble to switch to another system there as well .
The state has a special election scheduled for May 19th .
After that , Crnich will have to take delivery of the replacement Hart equipment , test it , be trained on it , train voters and poll workers to use it , conduct a test election on it , and then start preparing for the November statewide election .
At the same time , she will have to return Premier 's equipment , as they are requiring .
Additionally , she will have to transition Humboldt 's entire voter registration database to a new system .
I think the voter registration system transition needs to be done within 90 days , meaning by June 17th - ish .
In other words , the entire voter registration transfer will need to be done during the preparation for and post-election canvassing of the May 19th special election .
I asked Crnich for copies of the two letters from Diebold / Premier so I could post them here .
Absurdly , Crnich claimed that after having read both of the letters to members of the public at a public meeting , the letters are still attorney - client privileged because she had sent copies of the letters to county counsel .
These are letters from Premier to Crnich terminating contracts between Premier and Humboldt County .
( If there are any lawyers out there who think this claim is not absurd , and that the letters are indeed privileged , please let me know . )
Finally , here is some free advice to any Premier public - relations types who may be reading this post and thinking about trying to do some damage control .
Call up your corporate lawyers and get them to apologize to Crnich for terminating all the contracts in the middle of an election cycle .
Then have them politely request that Crnich propose a schedule for discontinuing the use of DIMS at her convenience .
It may take a little longer than 90 days , but I am pretty sure that at this point in time she is very eager to stop using any products that carry the Diebold / Premier name .
A version of this article was originally posted at Parke Bostrom 's blog ...
UPDATE 4/30/09 : Copies of the two Diebold / Premier letters have finally been obtained from Crnich , in response to a public records request .
Copies of the letters , and details here ...
===
Parke Bostrom became a poll worker in 2004 due to concerns with paperless voting machines ( which are not used in Humboldt County ) .
He became involved as a volunteer with the local Voter Confidence Committee , the Humboldt Election Advisory Committee , and Humboldt County Election Transparency Project over the course of 2008 .
Parke has also served as an election night election observer , most recently on behalf of the Humboldt County Republican Party .
His professional background is in software and programming .
JERUSALEM 
The Israeli military said Monday that its advocate general had decided to close an investigation into allegations of abuses by soldiers during the recent campaign in Gaza .
The allegations arose from the accounts of soldiers at a conference of graduates of a premilitary course at an academic college in northern Israel .
The military police found that “ the crucial components of their descriptions were based on hearsay and not supported by specific personal knowledge , ” the army said in a statement .
Specifically , a soldier ’s claim that orders had been given to fire at an elderly Palestinian woman who entered a no - go zone was found to be based on a rumor , according to the military .
Another case , in which a soldier had supposedly been ordered to fire at a woman and two children , was also found not to have been witnessed by the soldier who gave the account .
“ After checking the claim , it was found that during this incident a force had opened fire in a different direction , toward two suspicious men who were unrelated to the civilians in question , ” the statement said .
Goal.com Special : 10 Worst Premier League Transfers 2008-09
It 's that time of year again , as Goal.com 's Sulmaan Ahmad looks back on some of the more forgetful signings of the season ...
The Premier League has continued to eclipse its competitors in the transfer market this season , but shrewd acquisitions continue to be few and far between all across the board .
What has distinguished this season from last is that the bottom clubs have generally spent what little money they have quite well , while the big clubs have recruited less than in previous years .
Most foreign imports have settled better than usual , while many of the season 's biggest disappointments have been domestic deals and particularly British players .
Any coach , player or chairman will try and put a positive spin on their bad buys , but when they can't even get in the team , fail to live up to their price tag , do n't fit into the tactical setup or even end up lasting less than a season , it 's time for one and all to hold their hands up .
But they do n't - so I 'll do it for them .
10 ) David N'Gog ( Paris Saint - Germain to Liverpool - £ 1.5 m )
When most people hear the name David N'Gog , they laugh .
Try it now .
Why is it so funny ?
It might be that some of a less cultured tongue pronounce it ' Enn - Gogg ' - which admittedly has an amusing sort of sound to it - but the average football fan is far more likely to be baffled by just how the young striker ended up playing for Liverpool despite not being very good at playing football .
He is a young , tall and fast striker and did n't cost a lot .
It was ' touch N'Gog ' ( that 's how you say his name ) over whether to even include him on the list - we could all yet be proven wrong - but thus far , the Frenchman has only succeeded at looking woefully out of his depth .
And it 's not as if he had even proven anything at the point Rafa Benitez snapped him up from PSG .
He has essentially become Fernando Torres ' deputy at Anfield for several stretches this season , and upon failing to impress , is likely to be shunted down the pecking order this summer .
9 ) Younes Kaboul ( Tottenham Hotspur to Portsmouth - £ 6 m )
And we have a repeat - entry !
Down one place from last year is the big man who continues to command fairly big money but does n't seem to be all that good .
He flopped at Tottenham last season and now at Portsmouth , a club so short of cash , he has failed to live up to his £ 6 m billing ( though the official fee remains undisclosed ) .
It seems , though , he may have at least found a home at Fratton Park .
Maybe .
Pompey do n't quite have the money to throw away that Spurs do and thus they will want to get as much value out of their man as is possible .
He can hit a mean shot , and has grabbed a couple of headlines off the back of his big goals , but lest we forget he is a defender .
He has n't quite worked out that part of his game yet .
8 ) Dave Kitson ( Reading to Stoke City - £ 5.5 m )
Dave Kitson was signed by Stoke for a club record transfer fee .
He would be the bright spark of Premier League experience in front of goal to keep the Potters in the top flight .
Well , he 's here , so suffice to say it did n't work out .
The only thing bright about Kitson at Stoke was his hair , and he can't take credit for his genetics .
It 's safe enough to say he 's just not in the Stoke mould .
He 's something of a late bloomer , a classy striker and without doubt a good player , but Stoke are another type of team altogether .
He did n't blend into his surroundings , to say the least .
He played 18 games and did n't score a single goal - and so he went back on loan to Reading .
Even Steve Coppell managed to crack a smile and squeal out a laugh at this sorry state of affairs .
Win-win .
7 ) Andrew Johnson ( Everton to Fulham - £ 10.5 m )
Another striker , another club record signing and another one who has some kind of aversion to scoring goals .
It goes without saying that if Fulham as a team had n't been doing so well , then AJ would have found himself much , much higher up the list .
Luckily for him , the Cottagers have n't had to score a lot to win .
He has worked hard and never looked completely out of his depth , but he may as well have been Steve Marlet .
Bobby Zamora may not have scored a lot either , but he was half the price and has been considerably more valuable an outlet for the team all season .
Make no bones about it : Johnson is a flop .
He does n't even have the time - honoured excuse of being a youngster and being able to grow into his talents .
The fact there was such a debacle over completing his signing after the medical scare should have been the sign that the usually shrewd Roy Hodgson needed to call off the deal , but he did n't .
It will be interesting to see whether the Hodge is willing to swallow his pride and replace his big - money man this summer .
After all , one transfer window of tremendous work from the experienced coach turned Fulham into a decent team - imagine what another could do ?
6 ) Xisco ( Deportivo La Coruna to Newcastle United - £ 5.7 m )
It 's been quite a season on Tyneside .
A power struggle of some description between former recruitment man Tony Jimenez , director of football Dennis Wise and part - time coach , part - time Messiah Kevin Keegan culminated in a comical beginning to this season ( and it has since , like any good comedy , only gotten funnier ) .
Xisco was one of Jimenez 's men , brought in for a fairly substantial amount of money and not given much of a fair shake .
He 's never been the best prospect in the world , or even close for that matter , but to end up fifth choice at the club , even behind Shola Ameobi , means you 're doing something , somewhere , incredibly wrong .
5 ) Jo ( CSKA Moscow to Manchester City - £ 19 m )
Something about this move seemed wrong from the beginning .
Right player , wrong club .
He was never worth the reported £ 19 m anyway , and following his bumpy start that found him in and out of the side , he was loaned out to Everton .
There , he is finding his feet , but David Moyes has already suggested he cannot afford to sign him , which suggests City will either be stuck with a player they do n't want or taking a significant loss on him this summer when they sell him on .
Big money , bad business - the two go hand - in - hand .
He 's still young , but he will never be Drogba .
Admittedly , his touch of Brazilian flair means that magic can be produced at any given moment , but for the most part he really is just your average Jo .
4) Deco ( Barcelona to Chelsea - £ 8 m )
Many fancied themselves as real experts when Chelsea snapped up Deco from Barcelona .
A real bargain .
A top-quality flair player .
Just what they need .
The ' missing piece ' .
They must have felt so proud of themselves two or three games into the season , while the Portuguese international was still fresh , fit and enjoying the sunshine .
Consistency is another matter altogether .
The days are long gone that Deco can battle from one end of the season to another , and thus he was never , ever going to go the distance in the Premier League .
He is what many in England would consider a luxury player .
Quite why he snubbed Inter , a team he would have slotted into with far more ease , to join up with ' Big Phlop ' Scolari is beyond pretty much everybody .
The funniest thing of all about the signing was Chelsea buying a third egotistical attacking midfielder for one position .
Admittedly , Guus Hiddink has found a good place for Ballack alongside Lampard within his current setup , but there was never going to be a place for Deco .
Not now , not ever - he should , if he has any sense , get out at the first available opportunity .
3 ) Marlon : A King - Size Flop
Roy Hodgson is still breathing a never - ending sigh of relief .
Not only has he transformed Fulham from relegation battlers to Europa League contenders , but we can't forget that he was moments away from signing Marlon King , only for the big man to fail Fulham 's notoriously stringent medical .
He is a powerful striker with one hell of a shot on him , but if you believe what you read , he'd much rather spend his time hitting women and only using his head to butt Dean Windass in a Scarborough casino .
Football is an afterthought .
Wigan picked him up from Watford , Hull then loaned him from the Latics and after his disastrous spell there , he went down another rung to a hopeless Middlesbrough side .
Think of him as Stan Collymore without quite so much talent .
Who knows where he 'll end up next season , that is if he manages to stay out of jail .
2 ) David Bentley ( Blackburn Rovers to Tottenham Hotspur - £ 15 m )
People never really realised how hard it was being David Beckham until they prematurely decided that a man with the same name , same haircut ( well , Becks must have had it at some point ) and a similar playing style will automatically fill his shoes on the international stage and realised just how catastrophically wrong they were .
David Bentley is n't even as good as an ageing David Beckham is now - what makes anybody think that will ever change ?
He has indisputable ability , but lacks the world class quality of his predecessor and does n't seem to be progressing as many expected he would , either .
He signed for his supposed ' dream club ' , Tottenham , for a substantial initial fee of £ 15 m and unless his goal of the season contender against Arsenal - the club that snubbed him as a youth and of course Spurs ' greatest rivals - is worth all that , then he 's still an unbridled flop .
He has a lot more work to do .
1 ) Robbie Keane ( Tottenham Hotspur to Liverpool - £ 19 m )
Was Robbie Keane really Rick Parry 's signing , or was that Rafa Benitez 's last - ditch attempt at saving face once he realised his monumental error ?
When you think bad transfers , you generally tend to think Spurs .
They 're usually involved .
But Liverpool fans will be cursing their luck for being on the wrong end of this one .
This was Rafa 's fourth or fifth ' last piece of the puzzle ' signing , the dream partner for Fernando Torres , a player of proven Premier League quality joining his dream club ... what went wrong ?
Two words : Steven Gerrard .
Benitez has finally found a system that puts Gerrard where he belongs - in attacking midfield - which is a system that only accommodates one striker , and that of course is Fernando Torres .
It 's true , Keane would be a dream partner for ' El Nino ' , but he can't compete with the club captain .
It was never going to work .
Stevie was never going to settle for right wing again ( and why should he ? ) while Rafa would n't be quite so courageous as to put him in central midfield and risk over - exposing his side .
The only way Keane and Gerrard could have ever co-existed is if the Reds adopted a similar system to England , with the only problem there being that Keane , while good , is n't exactly Wayne Rooney when it comes to an all - round range of abilities , not to mention telepathic understanding with Stevie G .
It just was n't meant to be , and humiliatingly , the Reds sold Keane back to Spurs in January , making a loss of anywhere between £ 6 - 8 m .
Oh well , there 's always next year .
Sulmaan Ahmad , Goal.com
At Dem retreat , a partisan love fest
WILLIAMSBURG , Va. —
A fired - up Barack Obama ditched his TelePrompter to rally House Democrats and rip Republican opponents of his recovery package Thursday night – at one point openly mocking the GOP for failing to follow through on promises of bipartisanship .
In what was the most pointedly partisan speech of his young presidency , Obama rejected Republican arguments that massive spending in the $ 819 billion stimulus bill that passed the House should be replaced by a new round of massive tax cuts .
Advertisement
“ I welcome this debate , but we are not going to get relief by turning back to the same policies that for the last eight years doubled the national debt and threw our economy into a tailspin , ” said President Obama – sounding more like Candidate Obama than at any time since he took the oath of office less than a month ago .
Obama , speaking to about 200 House Democrats at their annual retreat at the Kingsmill Resort and Spa , dismissed Republican attacks against the massive spending in the stimulus .
" What do you think a stimulus is ? " Obama asked incredulously .
" It ’s spending — that 's the whole point !
Seriously . ”
Stabbing hard at Republicans who once aligned themselves with his predecessor , Obama made it clear that the problems he seeks to address with his recovery plan were n’t ones of his making .
“ When you start hearing arguments , on the cable chatter , just understand a couple of things , ” he said .
“ No. 1 , when they say , ‘ Well , why are we spending $ 800 billion [ when ] we ’ve got this huge deficit ? ’ – first of all , I found this deficit when I showed up , No. 1 .
“ I found this national debt , doubled , wrapped in a big bow waiting for me as I stepped into the Oval Office . ”
After his remarks , Obama , clearly caught up in the moment , made the party get - together feel even more like a campaign rally with his signature call - and - response chant .
“ Fired up ? ” he asked the Democratic lawmakers .
“ Ready to go ! ” a group of them shouted back .
In his speech , Obama went on to contrast the kind words of House and Senate Republican leaders with their increasingly strident opposition to the stimulus package .
“ We were complimented by Republicans saying , ‘ This is a balanced package . . . we ’re pleasantly surprised , ’ ” he said .
“ Suddenly , what was a ‘ balanced package ’ is suddenly out of balance . ”
As the Senate deliberated in Washington – and packed it in for the night without finalizing a deal — Obama brushed pressed House Democrats to finalize the bill " without delay " when it emerged from the upper chamber .
" Let 's think big right now , " the president urged House Democrats .
" Let 's not think small . "
Obama ’s words bore only a vague resemblance to the prepared remarks the White House distributed to reporters as he began to speak .
House Majority Whip James Clyburn ( D - S.C. ) said Obama appeared to ditch his TelePrompter about a third of the way through the speech .
“ He went to his heart , I think he spoke from his heart , ” Clyburn said .
“ He went back to being the Barack Obama that Americans fell in love with when they went to the polls . ”
Despite the hero's welcome Obama got in Williamsburg , there remain some skeptics of the plan within his own party .
But if there was any tension between Obama and the House Democrats , it was hard to see it in the room .
Before Obama spoke , House Democrats and their spouses posed for cell phone photos with the president – and even with White House spokesman Robert Gibbs .
His chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , gobbling berries and cream in white shirtsleeves , rushed out of the hall at one point , barking into his cell phone along the way as he wove between tables packed with his former House colleagues .
When Obama finally spoke , he called Pelosi “ a rock ” and “ the great speaker of the House . ”
And he said that House Appropriations Committee Chairman David Obey and other House chairmen had acted with “ discipline ” in passing their version of the stimulus bill .
And while Obama said Americans are looking for the parties to work together on the stimulus , he said that it ’s time to move past “ the false theories of the past , ” including the notion that tax cuts could cure all ills .
In the process , he reminded the Democrats in the room – and the Republicans back in Washington – that he won the election in November .
“ If you ’re headed for a cliff , you ’ve got to change direction , ” Obama said .
“ That ’s what the American people called for in November , and that ’s what we intend to deliver . ”
But Democrats have their work cut out for them if they are going to approve the package without any GOP votes .
As Obama circled the room and posed for photos before he spoke , a person in the room spotted Phil Schiliro , the president ’s top legislative liaison , huddled in a tense conversation with Obey , the principal author of the House — a reminder that the bill still has a ways to go .
After the speech , Obama fielded a range of questions from Democrats in the room .
Hoping to keep jobs in his district , Georgia Rep. David Scott appealed to Obama to continue production of the F - 22 fighter plane .
Responding to a question from Iowa Rep. Dave Loebsack , Obama said that Gen. David Petraeus and other Pentagon officials are reviewing the military situation in Afghanistan – and that he would emphasize diplomacy with Pakistan and articulate a clear strategy for the U.S. military there .
Among the many hurdles he faces , Obama must referee an emerging divide between the fiscal conservatives in his party and those Democrats who want him to increase federal funding for key domestic priorities like education and health care .
Responding to a question from Pennsylvania Rep. Chaka Fattah about that balance , Obama said , " We 've inherited a mess .
It 's our job to clean it up . "
But the president promised to begin with homeowners facing foreclosure , telling the assembled Democrats that he would include money for distressed households in the next installment of federal funding to purchase distressed mortgage - related debt .
In his bid to overcome partisan gridlock , Obama promised the assembled Democrats that he and Virginia Gov. Tim Kaine , the new chairman of the Democratic National Committee , would work together to mobilize voters on big issues , like energy and health care reform , utilizing the party 's campaign committees in the process .
Rhode Island Rep. Jim Langevin , who has n't been able to walk since he was 16 , asked Obama if he would remove the executive ban on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research .
Yes , Obama replied , but only after he and congressional leaders figure out a way to prevent opponents from overturning it .
The president closed his remarks by telling lawmakers and their families that he is " grateful and humbled " to be the leader of their party – and he said his “ greatest partner , ” Pelosi , “ delivers on everything she promises . ”
LA PAZ ( Reuters ) - Emboldened by a new leftist constitution , Bolivia President Evo Morales on Saturday handed over ownership of farmland seized by the state from wealthy estate holders to poor indigenous people .
A Bolivian indigenous man participates in the celebrations marking the 228th anniversary of the siege of La Paz March 13 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Gaston Brito
Morales handed out around 94,000 acres of lands recently confiscated from five big ranches in Bolivia ’s wealthy eastern lowlands , a stronghold of his conservative political opponents .
The ranchers have been accused of employing workers in conditions of semi-slavery .
“ Private property will always be respected but we want people who are not interested in equality to change their thinking and focus more on country than currency , ” said Morales , flanked by military and police personnel .
Among those who lost land was U.S. cattleman Ronald Larsen , who has emerged as a key opponent of the Morales government ’s land reforms , which are designed to distribute more of the nation ’s riches to poor indigenous peoples .
Larsen and other ranchers who had threatened to block the handover of their lands can still appeal the expropriations before agrarian courts .
An Aymara Indian and former leader of coca - leaf farmers , Morales is Bolivia ’s first indigenous president .
He has governed the resource - rich nation for three years .
He is especially popular among the poor and Aymara , Quechua , and Guarani indigenous groups that suffered centuries of discrimination in South America ’s poorest country .
“ Today , from here , we are beginning to put an end to the giant landholdings of Bolivia , ” Morales said .
The land transfer came six weeks after Morales celebrated the approval of a new leftist constitution that aims to give Bolivia ’s indigenous majority more power , lets him run for re-election and hands him tighter control over the economy .
The constitution also sets limits on single farm tracts to 12,400 acres and states that farms must meet certain economic and social conditions .
“ It is not that these lands were not in production , but that they were the site of human rights violations against the Guarani , who will now be their new owners , ” Morales said .
LIVE Coronavirus pandemic
The inquiry into Victoria ’s botched hotel quarantine program will now investigate how nine workers became infected with COVID - 19 since it was overhauled in late July .
The Victorian government has revealed for the first time how many staff members in each Melbourne hospital have been infected by coronavirus during the pandemic .
by Mary Ward and Pallavi Singhal
Bob Chapman | March 11 , 2009
The Masters of the Universe have lost control .
The stock market , which had held up for so long has not only broken 7,268 as we forecast , but we broke 6,600 easily this past week .
Economists , analysts and newsletter writers still do not get it .
Stockbrokers are telling clients you do not have losses until you take them .
What do they say when the Dow breaks 4,000 ?
By then most of these so - called professionals will be out of jobs .
Most of them really believe King Obama will stabilize the economy and the financial system as they go about deceiving themselves and their clients who are getting more panicky than ever .
The biggest scam in history is being played out .
The propaganda has people simply buried in the market and they will never get out .
In fact we as yet have had nothing like a selling climax .
The entire savings of those in their 60s , 70s and 80s are being wiped out before their eyes .
We do not know of one pension plan ; mutual fund or hedge fund that got out of harms way .
Now after horrendous damage has been done the House Financial Services Committee wants to prohibit banks and mortgage lenders from shifting all the risk on loans they originate and sell to investors .
Washington policy makers only belatedly have recognized the perils associated with unregulated credit and derivatives and speculative finance .
That is because their main source of campaign funds has been banking and Wall Street .
Within the beltway money buys everything .
The best way to start this movement is to reenact Glass - Steagall , which Phil Gramm was mainly responsible for destroying in 1999 .
The termination of CDS , credit default swaps , would be a good place to start .
They are at the heart of the devastating bust we are in the midst of .
Wall Street chooses to call CDS financial innovation , when in fact it is experimentation .
Then , of course , we have CDO ’s , collateralized debt obligations , ABS ’s , asset based securities and commercial paper , all are easy methods of creating credit and laying it off on others along with phony ratings .
The rating agencies were complicit having taken orders from the Fed and conspiring with the banks and brokerage houses .
One of the great mysteries of all this fraud was how buyers of this toxic waste were bamboozled .
None of the experts and attorneys in the firms of all these buyers saw anything wrong and then after they were defrauded no one has brought a civil or criminal complaint .
Needless to say , the buyers had to all be in on the fraud as well .
This was a method of destroying the financial system deliberately .
The analysts and economists try to put logic and a slide rule to all this and it is impossible .
That is because the fraud had many players and they are not going to tell you about it .
Few will come to the conclusion we have because they do not understand the end goal of these Illuminists .
Logic says , these people would n’t destroy their own system , but logic does n’t apply .
Look at financial history and you will see it has happened over and over again .
That is not coincidence , it is planning .
Washington , the SEC and the CFTF were not created to protect the public , but to protect Washington , banking , Wall Street and market manipulation .
The financial sector cannot be allowed to misrepresent product , lie and supply an endless amount of debt instruments of dubious quality .
These , as has been proved , are not liquid stores of value .
That includes government debt as well .
Washington , in conjunction with banking and Wall Street , believes controlling and cultivating and manipulating markets is their job to supposedly protect the public when in fact it is to protect their profits in corporatist fascistic fashion .
That is because they believe they know better what is good for you than you do .
The cradle to grave concept of world government .
One thing we can say for Sir Alan Greenspan is that he was totally bought and paid for .
He was the Illuminists ’ main destructive mechanism .
He controlled interest rates and credit and money supply .
He pushed very hard for securitizations , derivatives and what passes for contemporary finance .
Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac were broke five years ago and should have been disbanded , but being a political football they were allowed to function until they could n’t anymore .
Then the taxpayers were allowed to cover their debts .
This was part of Washington ’s backstopping the system and the Greenspan put .
The GSEs , Fannie and Freddie , had to be kept afloat to create the real estate bubble to collapse the economy .
They were used to stem lack of market liquidity and create the perception that plenty of money and credit were always available .
This led to housing inflation .
Debt issuance led to continuously liquid markets via CDS issuance , credit default swaps .
The fallacy that securitization would provide borrowers endless quantities of inexpensive finance was learned to be just that .
Today we have many writers on the wrong side of trades , and they have been running naked , so they have to short the stocks in a desperate attempt to stem mounting losses .
This puts major pressure on the individual equities and the overall market .
This will lead to more future de-leveraging as borrowers and lenders face a death spiral together .
This will force firms into bankruptcy and send the general market lower .
The interesting thing about government , the Fed and Wall Street is that everything is always done in behalf of the people and the system .
They break down or destroy the system from time to time and the same elitists claim to be putting it back together again .
Within that system lays massive fraud and manipulation .
As a result it is of little wonder that outsiders call for a new reserve currency .
A currency based on a basket of other fiat currencies , which is not a step forward .
Then there are some who want a system based on commodities , particularly on oil and then those like us who want a gold based currency again , as we had prior to 8/15/71 .
The US dollar is dying a slow ignoble death .
In time it will die via devaluation and default , but we believe it will be accompanied to this end by simultaneous devaluation and default by all nations and the quest for a world currency unit .
As it becomes evident that the dollar is headed back down seriously from its current perch then inflation will rise as will gold and silver , as well as interest rates .
This is absolutely bound to happen .
Our government , Wall Street and banking are perpetually engaged in fraud .
We ask what do you call nationalization such as Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac five years after they were insolvent ?
Then the continual fraud of issuing mortgages to those who are unqualified to have them insured by Fannie , Freddie and the FHA .
Our CFTC , SEC and other government agencies all looking the other way as massive fraud is committed by JP Morgan Chase , Goldman Sachs , Citigroup and others .
The distortion of interest rates to satisfy the profit motives of the leaders of Wall Street , the control of Washington by banking and Wall Street and interest rate swaps that have destroyed the professional bond market .
The criminality associated the money laundering out of the invasion and occupations in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Hundreds of billions are missing and billions have been laundered from heroin sales .
Then there are the recent Madoff and Stanford scams , both engineered by people in and out of our government .
If you ’ve noticed there has been nothing in the press recently of where all the money went .
As we told you before the Madoff funds went to Israel .
We ’ll keep you abreast on the Stanford scam .
The next fraud could be US property being given to foreign governments in exchange for worthless bonds from the US Treasury , Fannie , Freddie and the FHA .
This past week the Dow slid into our next support zone at 6,575 .
We believe that zone is 6,000 to 6,600 .
That should hold from now until June then there may be a technical summer rally of short duration and then it is downward again .
In the fall we should travel into the 3,800 to 5,500 area .
The keys are consumer spending , savings and whether consumers liquidate or increase debt .
By the looks of it there will be increased savings and less consumerism as hundreds of thousands of retail outlets shut down .
There can be little progress toward an increase in productive capacity when there are few buyers due to economic conditions and the unemployment that has followed .
As you know foreclosures are hitting new highs .
The stimulus plan is a political palliative and only banks and brokerage houses are participating in TARP .
It wo n’t be long before mortgage delinquencies are over 8 % and foreclosures over 3.5 % .
Twenty percent of American mortgages are in negative equity .
undreds of billions are missing and billions have been laundered from heroin sales .
Then there are the recent Madoff and Stanford scams , b oth engineered by people in and out of our government .
As this unfolds taxes will be increased in the middle of a depression .
Only a madman would make such a move .
Expansion of the defense budget of over $ 20 billion is more madness .
These moves do not encourage confidence in an already falling economy .
Banks , brokerage firms , insurance companies and corporations will continue to fail .
The Hartford and Lincoln are already in trouble and Prudential and Met Life could follow .
If you do not think we are in trouble just look at Treasury default swaps , up from $ 5,000 to insure to $ 100,000 today for $ 10 million .
What people just do not understand is that if they are not in gold and silver related assets they will lose between 60 % and 95 % of their wealth just as Americans did in the 1930s and this time it is five times worse .
Even if silver and gold never went one cent higher you will be winners because gold and silver held their value while everything else failed .
We do not believe they will stay frozen .
We believe gold and silver will move much higher .
Crime will continue on Wall Street , in banking , government , insurance and among other elitist corporatios until the dead system collapses .
Then we can pursue these thieves legally , hopefully before the mob reaches them .
Then we can jail them and relieve them of all their ill - gotten wealth .
The cost of wars and occupations are killing us and the elitists will soon expand into WWIII .
That is to impose a Selective Service draft , remove more useless eaters and to keep the public ’s attention on terrorism and survival rather than economic and financial catastrophe .
Standby , we have n’t won yet , but we will .
Despite the fact Wall Street and banking are insolvent the dollar is up 20 % since last summer .
That is in spite of having entered depression .
This summer we will probably complete most of the de-leveraging caused by the end of the carry trade and the exodus from hedge funds .
That is why the yen and the dollar have risen .
That is why the official loss of 1.3 million jobs so far this year has not moved the dollar downward .
US unemployment by our calculations is 17.8 % , not the official 14.8 % .
Europe has extended $ 2.03 trillion in loans to Eastern Europe , of which 2/3 ’s are in euros and Swiss francs .
Those Eastern currencies are off 17 % to 30 % versus the euro and 30 % to 50 % versus the Swiss franc .
All currencies are in trouble hence the stampeded into gold and silver .
“ One of the reasons we had to rescue AIG was the fact that it was going to bring down Europe , ” says Rep. Paul Kanjorski .
Lawmakers have been trying to find out from the Fed and the Treasury who the counterparties are and have been told it ’s a state secret .
We have a dictatorial government with no transparency or accountability .
Not only were the Europeans not wiped out but also their toxic waste was taken off their hands at no discount .
In that way the American taxpayer was allowed to take the losses .
No wonder there have been no civil or criminal actions against American banks , raters and brokerage houses .
They were guaranteed against loss .
For those who tell us economic growth is turning positive GDP fell in the fourth quarter 16 % in Singapore , 20 % in South Korea , 12 % in Japan , 8 % in Germany , 6 % in the euro zone and 6.2 % in the US .
That does not sound like recovery to us .
Depression is upon us and it will last for years .
All over the world manufacturing indexes are in free fall , as are income , GDP , consumption , imports , exports , employment , home buying and overall capital expenditures .
Emerging market economies are collapsing .
There will not be any wishful decoupling .
Trade flows in Asia show exports off about 45 % in Japan ,
Taiwan and Korea .
In China imports are off 40 % more than exports .
Stimulus programs are not going to bring recovery .
It is like pushing on a string .
We do not have illiquidity .
We have insolvency , which is accompanied by overcapacity .
Of the $ 800 billion US stimulus only $ 200 billion is being spent in 2009 .
Most of it will be spent in the election year of 2010 .
Half of the tax cut will be saved , not spent .
China may spend $ 480 billion this year , but they are still dependent on exports of 40 % of GDP .
They have massive overcapacity and inventory .
China is in serious trouble .
Unemployment is headed higher for the next two years and wages are headed lower as illegal aliens do jobs for less .
There is no end in sight and that means less consumption .
Payrolls for temporary employees are off 25 % yoy , having declined for 26 months in a row .
In the 1980s it fell 33 % peak to trough .
Small business paychecks are off 4.25 % .
Worse yet , because of politicalization , no one believes in the Obama stimulus .
We suspect that when the Dow hits 4,000 and the average pension fund will have assets to cover 30 % to 40 % of benefits .
That said they will probably cut payouts by some 50 % or more .
This should occur in a year or two .
In 2 to 3 years public pensions and Social Security will be cut an equal amount .
You should start adjusting to these probable realities now by investing what you have in gold and silver related assets .
New Zealand continually faces threats from espionage , sabotage , subversion and terrorism , the Security Intelligence Service says in its annual report .
The consequences of " realised threats " could include death , injury , very substantial property damage , compromise of government and private sector information and intellectual property .
The report for the year to June 2008 , tabled in Parliament today , gives no details of the threats the country faces or where they come from .
It says those details have been omitted for security reasons .
" The service 's targets continue to offer us new challenges , " Director of Security Warren Tucker said .
" By and large they are pretty inventive .
" And the external environment -- the opportunities and threats posed not just by the targets themselves but by the changing world we operate in -- means we need to think about improving all the time . "
The report says the SIS worked with the police on " various investigations " during the year under review when there was an overlap between intelligence and law enforcement .
During the year there were 25 domestic interception warrants in force and 14 of them were issued in the 12 months to June 2008 .
The other 11 were issued during the previous year but remained in force for some part of the year under review .
" The methods of interception and seizure used were listening devices and the copying of documents , " the report said .
" The information obtained materially contributed to the detection of activities prejudicial to security . "
Another blow to fatherhood : IVF mothers can name ANYONE as ' father ' on birth certificate
Family values were under attack again last night with the news that single women having IVF will be able to name anyone they like as their baby 's father on the birth certificate .
New regulations mean that a mother could nominate another woman to be her child 's ' father ' .
The ' father ' does not need to be genetically related to the baby , nor be in any sort of romantic relationship with the mother .
Critics have sounded a warning about the ability of single women who have successful IVF treatment to nominate a person as the ' father '
Critics said a woman could list her best friend on the birth certificate .
The word ' father ' may even be replaced with the phrase ' second parent ' .
The second parent , who will have to consent to being named , will take on the legal and moral responsibilities of parenthood .
This raises the spectre of a legal minefield in which female ' fathers ' will fight for visitation rights and be chased for child support payments if their fragile relationship with the mother breaks down .
The changes , due to come in on April 6 , will apply to many of the 2,000 women a year who have IVF using sperm from anonymous donors .
The regulations are part of the controversial Embryology Bill passed by Parliament last year .
The Human Fertilisation and Embryology Authority said they will give lesbian couples in civil partnerships who undergo IVF the same rights as married heterosexual couples .
An unmarried man whose girlfriend has fertility treatment will also find it easier to claim full parental rights .
The new rules state : ' The women receiving treatment with donor sperm ( or embryos created with donor sperm ) can consent to any man or woman being the father or second parent . '
The only exemption is close blood relatives .
Critics said the change would lead to the role of father being downgraded to the one of godfather and warned that the child would be the one to lose out .
Baroness Deech , a former chairman of the HFEA , said the practice would lead to the ' falsification of the birth certificate ' .
She said : ' This is putting the rights of the parents way above those of the child .
It is absurd that anyone can be named as the father or the second parent . '
Dr Trevor Stammers , a GP and lecturer in healthcare ethics , questioned the strength of the relationships or friendships between the mother and ' father ' .
He said : ' There is no doubt from sociological evidence accumulated over the past few years that children do best in a two - parent married family with heterosexual couples being the married parents .
' It probably will be the child that is the loser but by the time we find that out , in 15 or 16 years , a huge amount of damage will have been done . '
Geraldine Smith , Labour MP for Morecambe , said a birth certificate should be a true record of a child 's genetic heritage .
She added : ' I do n't think the state should collude with parents to conceal the true genetic identity . '
David Jones , a professor of bioethics , likened the role of second parent to that of godparent .
He added : ' This sounds like social engineering on the hoof . '
Philippa Taylor , of Christian charity CARE , said : ' We are going to get to the point where a birth certificate is not going to be a true statement of anyone 's biological heritage . '
Former Tory leader Iain Duncan Smith said a father played an essential role in the development of a child .
He added : ' The present Government seems not to care a damn about families .
' Teenage pregnancy is on the increase , abortion is on the increase , family breakdown is at record levels and we have got a growing number of dysfunctional children that are the product of broken homes .
' The lesson seems to be loud and clear to me that fathers are required . '
Tory MP
Ann Widdecombe said the change would destroy the ' basic nature ' of a man and a woman bringing up a child together as parents .
Other critics said that Labour 's family and benefit policies support and reward single parents at the expense of couples and have sidelined marriage as a lifestyle choice with no value for children .
The HFEA said it was unlikely for the actual sperm donor to be named on the birth certificate because the sample is normally obtained from a sperm bank .
It added that the welfare of the child would always come first and any person nominated as a second parent would have counselling to ensure they understood the implications .
Killer Turned Believer Speaks Out Amid Outcry Against Him Killer Turned Believer Speaks Out Amid Outcry Against Him
Email Print Img No-img Menu Whatsapp Google Reddit Digg Stumbleupon Linkedin Comment
A convicted child killer who is staying temporarily at the home of an evangelical pastor in Chichester , N.H. , says his conversion to Christianity 16 years ago has made him a different man .
And , given time , Raymond Guay said he will make this apparent .
" There 's nothing I can do to put back what I 've taken , " said the now 60 - year - old parolee , who served 35 years in prison for the abduction and murder of a 12 - year - old boy in 1973 .
" But I can do the best I can with what I have to work with for the rest of my life , and I will do that , " he told the local Concord Monitor in his first interview since moving to the small town of Chichester .
Since Guay moved to Chichester the week before last , there has been quite a commotion both within the town and beyond .
Many Chichester residents have protested in outrage , hoping that the pressure will force federal officials to buckle as they did last year .
Originally , Guay to stay at the Watkinson Halfway House in Hartford , Conn. , following his release last September but was transferred to a halfway house in Manchester following protests .
According to the Rev. David Pinckney , lead pastor of the River of Grace Church in nearby Concord , N.H. , Guay would still have his job and likely his own apartment had a federal judge in California not insisted that he move to New Hampshire to finish his three - year parole .
Pinckney , whose church describes itself as " young , multi- generational , evangelical , historic , multi- denominational , " has taken a lot of heat for housing Guay but insists that Guay 's life " has been on a very different course " since becoming a follower of Jesus Christ in 1993 .
Get The Christian Post newsletter in your inbox .
The top 7 stories of the day , curated just for you !
Delivery : Weekdays
Having worked with a number of prisoners over the course of his 20 years of ministry , Pinckney says he recognizes when people are falsely claiming a conversion as a way to get of prison .
And unlike those individuals , Guay is " right on , " says the evangelical minister .
Furthermore , " [ e ] very reference and interview I have been a part of in Ray 's case is enthusiastic about him , " Pinckney wrote in a public letter to Chichester residents .
" We ( the Pinckney family ) would not be doing this if we thought we were endangering our town , neighbors or children , " added the pastor , who said the idea to house Guay came through " divine nudges " after probation officials could not find a place for Guay to stay .
Though Guay will at most spend two months under the Pinckneys ' roof , in the basement , Chichester residents are hoping to drive him out sooner .
In the meantime , residents have created a neighborhood watch program to monitor Pinckney 's home and also circulating a petition asking for 24 - hour police surveillance .
Kenneth Smith , a father of two who lives across the street from the Pinckneys , told the New York Times that a lot of people in the town are also planning to get gun permits .
" I pulled out a hunting gun , and I 'm keeping it close by , " he added .
Around 2,500 people live in the town of Chichester , located 10 miles east of Concord .
About 50 residents protested Guay 's arrival last Sunday and 200 appeared at a meeting of the town 's selectmen to address the uproar .
The selectmen voted 3 - 0 Tuesday to ask state and federal officials to remove Guay from the area .
BOSTON , Massachusetts , USA -- March 24 , 2009 -- The Free Software Foundation ( FSF ) announced the winners of the annual free software awards during the GNU / Linux conference LibrePlanet , held on March 21 - 22 at Harvard Science Center in Cambridge , MA .
Creative Commons was honored with the Award for Projects of Social Benefit , and Wietse Venema was honored with the Award for the Advancement of Free Software .
Presenting the awards was FSF founder and president Richard Stallman .
The FSF Award for Projects of Social Benefit is presented annually to a project that intentionally and significantly benefits society by applying free software , or the ideas of the free software movement , in a project that intentionally and significantly benefits society in other aspects of life .
Since its launch in 2001 , Creative Commons has worked to foster a growing body of creative , educational and scientific works that can be shared and built upon by others .
Creative Commons has also worked to raise awareness of the harm inflicted by increasingly restrictive copyright regimes .
Creative Commons vice president Mike Linksvayer accepted the award saying , " It 's an incredible honor .
Creative Commons should be giving an award to the Free Software Foundation and Richard Stallman , because what Creative Commons is doing would not be possible without them . "
In receiving this award , Creative Commons joins previous winners Groklaw ( 2007 ) , Sahana ( 2006 ) , and Wikipedia ( 2005 ) .
The Award for the Advancement of Free Software went to Wietse Venema .
The awards committee honored both Venema 's significant and wide - ranging technical contributions to network security , and his creation of the Postfix email server .
Venema said , " In my experience , free software presents a tremendous opportunity for individuals and organizations to make contributions to society .
I 'm grateful for the opportunities that I have had over the past twenty years , and I 'm proud that so many people have adopted my software . "
Venema joins a distinguished list of previous free software award winners :
2007 Harald Welte
2006 Ted Ts'o
2005 Andrew Tridgell
2004 Theo de Raadt
2003 Alan Cox
2002 Lawrence Lessig
2001 Guido van Rossum
2000 Brian Paul
1999 Miguel de Icaza
1998 Larry Wall
This year 's award committee was composed of Suresh Ramasubramanian ( Chair ) , Peter H. Salus , Raj Mathur , Hong Feng , Andrew Tridgell , Jonas Oberg , Verner Vinge , Richard Stallman , and Fernanda G. Weiden .
About the FSF
The Free Software Foundation , founded in 1985 , is dedicated to promoting computer users ' right to use , study , copy , modify , and redistribute computer programs .
The FSF promotes the development and use of free ( as in freedom ) software -- particularly the GNU operating system and its GNU / Linux variants -- and free documentation for free software .
The FSF also helps to spread awareness of the ethical and political issues of freedom in the use of software , and its Web sites , located at fsf.org and gnu.org , are an important source of information about GNU / Linux .
Donations to support the FSF 's work can be made at http://donate.fsf.org.
Its headquarters are in Boston , MA , USA .
Media Contacts
John Sullivan
Operations Manager
Free Software Foundation
+1 ( 617 ) 542 5942 x23
campaigns@fsf.org
###
Thanks to Matt Hins for taking images of the awards ceremony .
Images are licensed under the Creative Commons Attribution - ShareAlike 3.0 license .
Not Found !
We 're sorry , but we can't find the page that you 're looking for .
Perhaps searching will help .
UPDATE : Press columnist David Mayo's lawyer says he is ' appalled ' police targeted Mayo for grow lights
GRAND RAPIDS -- Longtime Press sports columnist David Mayo , accused of growing marijuana in his Northeast Side home , was targeted for investigation after police tracked shipping invoices of a company that advertises in " High Times " magazine , court records showed .
Armed with that information , police sought utility bills , which showed Mayo 's electric use was more than twice that of his neighbors .
Police also put his home under surveillance and determined he did not bring his trash to the curb , which is common among marijuana growers , police said .
Investigators in early January also noted a " large amount of mold " under the eaves on the outside of his house , which suggested to them strong grow lights were being used inside the residence , heating the room where marijuana was being grown , and causing condensation on the exterior .
The allegations were contained in search - warrant affidavits made public this week .
Sheriff's Lt. Kevin Kelley confirmed police based the investigation on items shipped by companies that advertised in " High Times " and other pro-marijuana publications .
Mayo bought , " on 11 occasions , hydroponic growing equipment that is specialized in indoor marijuana growing , " according to sheriff 's Detective Sgt. Todd Butler , who said local authorities received information from the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Area Program , a project of the Office of National Drug Control Policy .
" Operation Green Thumb has access to shipping invoices from suppliers who advertise their indoor marijuana - growing equipment in magazines such as ' High Times . '
David Mayo bought his hydroponic equipment from one of the suppliers that do , in fact , advertise in this ( manner ) . "
Mayo's lawyer , Bruce Block , could not be reached for comment , but earlier said he was reviewing police information to determine whether he should challenge the reason officers had probable cause to enter Mayo's Fuller Avenue NE house Jan. 19 .
Mayo is suspended from The Press pending the legal outcome .
He awaits trial on charges of growing from 20 to 200 plants , which carries a maximum penalty of seven years in prison , and a high - court misdemeanor charge of maintaining a drug house .
Prosecutors have offered to reduce charges to a four - year felony if he pleads guilty .
Police say 71 marijuana plants and 32 ounces of packaged marijuana were found in the home .
Mayo's wife , Denise , awaits trial on charges of marijuana possession and maintaining a drug house .
Both are free on personal recognizance bonds .
Mayo , with no prior criminal record , has worked for The Press since 1985 .
E-mail John Agar : jagar@grpress.com
Artist 's Statement I received an email from my friend Aaron two weeks ago titled " Apex Bathroom Tile that contains what looks like a Tim self - portrait " with the following image attached :
" It seems strikingly obvious to me , " Aaron wrote , " but I 'm not going to say where it is in the tile for fear of prejudicing .
Second email will be a closer up of area in question .
I expect a delegation from Rome at any moment . "
After I sent him the rendering featured in this week 's cartoon to confirm I was interpreting the image the same way he saw it , he sent me this closer view .
" I mean come on , " he wrote , " that 's crazy . "
" I see it as having a more haunted , gaunt look than your rendering , " he said , " possibly an artifact of the speckled / mottled tile giving the face a diseased look .
It reminded me of one of your faces of someone stupified by drugs , life , work , etc .
I will take a couple more establishing shot photos for context and send them along .
It 's in a fancy tile shower stall on the second floor with a several colors of tile : green , black , whitish .
It was installed by a company named Portuguese Touch and considered to have been kind of an extravagant waste of money , but it is a great shower and I use it pretty much exclusively . "
The address of the building that houses the miraculous image is being witheld out of respect for the privacy of the occupants .
Those wishing to make contributions to the Church of the Blesséd Tile may do so directly below .
$ 5 - $ 10 : The blessings of the tile upon you and your pet [s ]
$ 10 - 25 : Comfort for spiritual afflictions ( doubt , grief , ennui , and / or the blues ) $ 25 - 50 : Healing of non-life - threatening injuries and illnesses $ 50 - $ 100 : healing for major medical problems or intercession on behalf of deceased loved ones ( your choice ) $ 100 - up : guarantee of Heaven ( no harps )
" Again , it was such a loosey - goosey era , " Rodriguez said .
" I 'm guilty for a lot of things .
I 'm guilty for being negligent , naive , not asking all the right questions .
And to be quite honest , I do n't know exactly what substance I was guilty of using . "
A three - time AL Most Valuable Player , Rodriguez blamed himself and his $ 252 million contract he signed with the Rangers in 2001 for his decision to use PEDs .
" I felt a tremendous pressure to play , and play really well " in Texas , the New York Yankees third baseman said .
" I had just signed this enormous contract ... I felt like I needed something , a push , without over - investigating what I was taking , to get me to the next level . "
Rodriguez also said part of the reason he started using drugs was the heat in Texas .
" Can I have an edge just to get out there and play every day ? " he said to himself .
" You basically end up trusting the wrong people .
You end up , you know , not being very careful about what you 're ingesting . "
Rodriguez added : " I am sorry for my Texas years .
I apologize to the fans of Texas . "
Rodriguez , who joined the Yankees for the 2004 season after a trade from Texas , said his years as a Yankee " have been clean . "
" I 've played the best baseball of my career since , " he said .
" I 've won two MVPs since and I 've never felt better in my career .
Of that I 'm very proud of . "
The Yankees issued a statement .
" We urged Alex to be completely open , honest and forthcoming in addressing his use of performance - enhancing drugs , " it read .
" We take him at his word that he was .
Although we are disappointed in the mistake he spoke to today , we realize that Alex -- like all of us -- is a human being not immune to fault .
" We speak often about the members of this organization being part of a family , and that is never more true than in times of adversity .
Alex took a big step by admitting his mistake , and while there is no condoning the use of performance - enhancing drugs , we respect his decision to take accountability for his actions .
We support Alex , and we will do everything we can to help him deal with this challenge and prepare for the upcoming season . "
Rodriguez described the last days ' turn of events as the biggest challenge of his life but added it felt good to be honest about what he 's done in the past .
" It 's been a rough 15 months here for me , " Rodriguez said .
He added : " I was stupid for three years .
I was very , very stupid " and , later said : " The more honest we can all be , the quicker we can get baseball [ back ] to where it needs to be . "
" When you take this gorilla and this monkey off your back , you realize that honesty is the only way , " Rodriguez said .
" I 'm finally beginning to grow up .
I 'm pretty tired of being stupid and selfish , you know , about myself .
The truth needed to come out a long time ago .
I 'm glad it 's coming out today . "
He said he stopped using during spring training 2003 , when he sustained a neck injury .
It was just as baseball started its drug - testing survey .
It was only in 2004 that testing with penalties began .
" It was n't a real dramatic day once I arrived in Texas that something monumental happened in my life , " he said .
" The point of the matter was that I started experimenting with things that today are not legal or today are not accepted and today you would get in a lot of trouble for . "
He said the culture earlier this decade of taking performance - enhancing substances was " prevalent . "
" There were a lot of people doing a lot of things , " Rodriguez said , noting that he was n't specifically pointing out the Rangers .
" You have nutritionists , you have doctors , you have trainers .
That 's the right question today :
Where did you get it ?
We 're in the era of BALCO , " Rodriguez said .
" There 's many things that you can take that are banned substances .
I mean , there 's things that have been removed from GNC today that would trigger a positive test . "
Rodriguez said he was told by Gene Orza , the chief operating officer of the MLB Players Association , that he might , or might not , have tested positive in the 2003 survey .
That conversation happened during the 2004 season .
A source told ESPN on Saturday that Rodriguez knew he had failed the test .
According to the Mitchell report , all players who failed the test in 2003 were notified by September 2004 .
Rodriguez said he did n't know for sure he had failed a test until Sports Illustrated contacted him last week .
Orza told The New York Times he did not tip off Rodriguez to a test at the conclusion of the ' 04 season .
" It 's not true .
Simple as that , " he told the newspaper on Monday via e-mail .
Union head Donald Fehr reiterated in a statement that there was no improper tipping of players .
" Any allegations that Gene Orza or any other MLBPA official acted improperly are wrong , " he said .
Fehr said the union first received test results on Nov. 11 , 2003 , that the results were finalized two days later and that players were notified the following day , a Friday .
" Promptly thereafter , the first steps were taken to begin the process of destruction of the testing materials and records , " Fehr said .
" On Nov. 19 , however , we learned that the government had issued a subpoena .
Upon learning this , we concluded , of course , that it would be improper to proceed with the destruction of the materials . "
Rodriguez said Orza told him in August or September 2004 about the list of names that had been seized by federal investigators .
" He said there 's a government list .
There 's 104 players in it .
You might or might not have tested positive , " Rodriguez said .
Rodriguez also told ESPN's Gammons of his 2007 interview with Katie Couric on " 60 Minutes , " when he denied ever using steroids , that " at the time , Peter , I was n't even being truthful with myself .
How am I going to be truthful with Katie or CBS ? "
Rodriguez also criticized Sports Illustrated and said Selena Roberts , one of its reporters who covered the story , stalked him .
He also accused Roberts of trying to break into his home last week while his two daughters were sleeping .
Sports Illustrated released a statement , saying it " stands by the story and the professional manner in which it was reported .
Selena Roberts is a distinguished journalist and her reporting in this case led to Alex Rodriguez 's admission that he used performance - enhancing drugs . "
" The allegations made by Alex Rodriguez are absurd , " said Roberts , in the statement .
" I 've never set foot in the lobby of Alex 's New York apartment building , never spoken to the University of Miami police , and never set foot on his home property or been cited by the Miami Police for doing so . "
ESPN obtained a copy of a Miami Beach police report on Monday night that indicates there was an incident between Roberts and a security guard at the guard shack of Rodriguez 's community on Feb .
5 . There is no indication Roberts was at Rodriguez 's home , and no charges were filed .
" SI has a long history of investigative reporting , and the work by Selena Roberts stands solidly in that tradition , " Sports Illustrated group editor Terry McDonell said in a statement .
In his 2008 book , " Vindicated : Big Names , Big Liars , and The Battle to Save Baseball , " Jose Canseco claimed he introduced Rodriguez to a steroids dealer .
Canseco , who has admitted using steroids , subsequently said he had no knowledge of any drug use by Rodriguez .
" They are looking in the wrong places , " Canseco said in a text message to The Associated Press .
" This is a 25 - year cover - up .
The true criminals are Gene Orza , Donald Fehr and [ commissioner ]
Bud [ Selig ] .
Investigate them , and you will have all the answers . "
Rep. Elijah Cummings , a Maryland Democrat who sits on the House committee that brought Roger Clemens , Mark McGwire and other baseball players to Capitol Hill in recent years , favored a congressional hearing with Rodriguez .
" It would be good perhaps for us to sit down and talk to him , " Cummings said in a telephone interview .
" I would think that he would want to cooperate with us so that the Congress would have the information it may need . "
Former Yankees manager Joe Torre expressed his surprise .
" We all hope that this information that has come out is going to benefit the game of baseball in the long run , " he said .
" It blindsided me that it was so widespread .
We all have to take blame for this .
I had never really heard anything in connection to him .
When you watch his work ethic , the time he puts in at batting practice and in the weight room , I had no reason to question him .
He has the most ability of any player I 've seen .
" It 's going to be tough for him but I 'm happy that he came out , faced the music and took responsibility for it . "
Rodriguez is still expected to attend an event Friday at the University of Miami , which is renaming its baseball field in his honor .
He gave $ 3.9 million to the school in 2003 , the largest gift ever to the Hurricanes ' baseball program and money that provided much of the resources needed for renovating the existing on - campus stadium .
In return , the baseball complex will be called Mark Light Field at Alex Rodriguez Park .
Despite the scandal , the facility will continue to bear Rodriguez 's name , a university official told AP on Monday .
The official spoke on condition of anonymity because of the matter 's sensitive nature .
Miami baseball players and coaches were not available for comment , spokesman Mark Pray said .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
Here is a closeup of a clematis thought I shot , the colors in this and the spiked stamens make this an interesting bloom to photograph , when I ca n’t get myself motivated to shoot I can always fall back on flowers to give me a subject worth working with .
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A new national poll indicates that worries about unemployment have tripled over the past year .
Job seekers in Los Angeles , California , fill out paperwork at a job fair that attracted 10,000 people .
Thirty - six percent of people questioned in a CNN / Opinion Research Corp. survey released Monday morning said unemployment is the most important economic issue facing the country today , almost three times higher than the 13 percent who felt the same way last April .
Inflation is second at 20 percent , followed by the mortgage crisis at 16 percent , the stock market at 14 percent and taxes at 11 percent .
Last April , 47 percent of poll respondents said rising prices and the rate of inflation were the most important economic issues facing the country , putting that at the top of U.S. economic concerns .
" Last spring , Americans were spooked by rising gas prices , " said Keating Holland , the CNN polling director .
Road to Rescue : CNN Survival Guide Unprecedented reporting on the money meltdown that 's changing your life .
This week on CNN see full schedule »
" Now they 're spooked by high unemployment figures and the growing concern that good jobs are n't available . "
See a snapshot of facts , attitudes and analysis on the recession »
The nation 's unemployment rate stood at 8.1 percent in February , up a half - percentage point from January .
There are worries that the jobless rate could break into double digits by year 's end .
The unemployment level is the highest in more than 25 years .
About 4.4 million jobs have been lost since the recession began in December 2007 .
Reality Check : Jobs 12.5 million
Number of unemployed in U.S. , February 2009 29 percent
Workers polled who say they 're afraid of being laid off 9.4 percent
Analysts ' projection of unemployment by year 's end see more » Sources : Bureau of Labor Statistics , Gallup.com , Bloomberg.com
The poll also indicates the economy remains the most important issue facing the country today .
Sixty - three percent said the economy is their top concern , with health care a distant second at 9 percent .
The federal budget deficit follows at 8 percent , the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan at 6 percent , education and terrorism tied at 5 percent , and energy policy at 2 percent .
The past year has seen a striking loss of confidence among Americans workers .
A majority have lost confidence that they could find a good job at their current rate of pay if they were to look for one .
The number of people worried that there will be layoffs at their workplace also has grown significantly .
" When wage earners lose confidence , it has ripple effects throughout the economy , " Holland said .
" Consumption patterns are based in part on workers ' prospects of keeping their jobs or finding new ones .
" Right now , American workers remain confident that they will keep their own jobs , but many see layoffs in the future at their workplace , and they are n't confident that other good jobs are out there . "
Last March , a majority of workers said they were confident that there would be no layoffs at their place of employment , but only 38 percent feel that way now .
The number of people confident that they wo n't be laid off over the next six months stands at 57 percent , down 12 percentage points from March 2008 .
Americans are split on whether they could find another job if they are laid off , with 49 percent confident they could land another good job and 51 percent not confident -- an increase of 10 percentage points from a year ago .
The CNN / Opinion Research poll was conducted Thursday through Sunday , with 1,019 adult Americans questioned by telephone .
The survey 's sampling error is plus or minus 3 percentage points .
All About Unemployment Rate • Afghanistan War • Layoffs and Downsizing
The 1988 Hamas Charter is vile , but I think it ’s wrong to get hung up on the prior recognition of Israel issue .
Perhaps Hamas is sincere in its calls for Israel ’s disappearance  although it has offered a decades - long truce  but then it ’s also possible that Israel in reality has no desire to see a Palestinian state .
One view of Israel ’s continued expansion of settlements , Gaza blockade , West Bank walling - in and wanton recourse to high - tech force would be that it ’s designed precisely to bludgeon , undermine and humiliate the Palestinian people until their dreams of statehood and dignity evaporate .
The argument over recognition is in the end a form of evasion designed to perpetuate the conflict .
Israel , from the time of Ben Gurion , built its state by creating facts on the ground , not through semantics .
Many of its leaders , including Ehud Olmert and Tzipi Livni , have been on wondrous political odysseys from absolutist rejection of division of the land to acceptance of a two - state solution .
Yet they try to paint Hamas as irrevocably absolutist .
Why should Arabs be any less pragmatic than Jews ?
Of course it ’s desirable that Hamas recognize Israel before negotiations .
But is it essential ?
No .
What is essential is that it renounces violence , in tandem with Israel , and the inculcation of hatred that feeds the violence .
Speaking of violence , it ’s worth recalling what Israel did in Gaza in response to sporadic Hamas rockets .
It killed upward of 1,300 people , many of them women and children ; caused damage estimated at $ 1.9 billion ; and destroyed thousands of Gaza homes .
It continues a radicalizing blockade on 1.5 million people squeezed into a narrow strip of land .
At this vast human , material and moral price , Israel achieved almost nothing beyond damage to its image throughout the world .
Israel has the right to hit back when attacked , but any response should be proportional and governed by sober political calculation .
The Gaza war was a travesty ; I have never previously felt so shamed by Israel ’s actions .
March 22 , 2009 ( UNITED NATIONS ) —
A top United Nations humanitarian official said they want to engage dialogue with Sudanese government over the humanitarian situation in the war torn region of Darfur .
Sudanese refugees gather to collect water supplies at the Abu Shouk refugee camp , out side the Darfur town of al - Fasher , March 21 , 2009 .
( AP )
" We want to engage in transparent and productive dialogue with the Government based on these laws and agreements , " Rashid Khalikov , Director of the New York section of the Office for the Coordination of Humanitarian Affairs ( OCHA ) , told the Security Council last Friday .
Sudan expelled 13 aid groups from the country , a decision that affects the UN most important humanitarian operation in the world .
Khartoum alleged that the foreign NGOs were cooperating with the International Criminal Court on its investigations on Darfur crimes .
But the ICC prosecutor denied the accusations .
Khalikov underscored that on 15 March , Sudanese President Omer Al - Bashir spoke of the possible departure of all foreign humanitarian organizations in Sudan in a year ’’s time , even if the violence and displacement in Darfur continues .
The official urged the Government to end those practices , to minimize its rhetoric against foreigners and to ensure the safety and security of all UN and associated staff .
He also called on armed groups in Darfur to take active steps to ensure the safety of UN and NGO staff .
" We must find a way to decrease tensions and ensure the timely and sustainable provision of protection and humanitarian assistance , based on the humanitarian principles of humanity , neutrality , and impartiality , " he said .
The UN official stressed that , the ability to provide the humanitarian aid has been seriously compromised by the decisions of the Government Sudan , he added , citing a new " atmosphere of fear and uncertainty facing all aid organizations . "
He said the expulsion of the 13 aid groups had been followed by an increase in violence against the UN - African Union mission in Darfur ( UNAMID ) and aid groups , along with the seizure of humanitarian assets by the Government .
Darfur peacekeepers had been twice attacked since the issuance of an arrest warrant against the Sudanese President Omer Al - Bashir .
Five days after the ICC decision on March , Four peacekeepers were wounded in an ambush in Darfur near El Geneina .
On March 17 one peacekeeper was killed near Nyala also two UNAMID vehicles were carjacked by unidentified gunmen in El Fasher and Nyala on 11 and 18 March .
Khalikov said that much more would be known about the impact of the aid groups ’ ouster when the outcome of a joint assessment mission undertaken by the Government of Sudan and the UN is made public .
( ST )
An earth tremor has hit parts of Victoria and Melbourne 's eastern suburbs for the second time in a fortnight .
Geoscience Australia says the quake had a preliminary magnitude of 4.6 and hit at Korumburra , about 100 kilometres south - east of Melbourne , at about 4:30 pm .
Initial reports said the tremor lasted between four and 10 seconds .
Spiro Spiliopolous from Geoscience Australia says today 's tremor was almost as big as one which hit 11 days ago .
" We 've given this earthquake a magnitude of 4.6 ; that 's a preliminary magnitude at this stage , it might change over time , " he said .
" This earthquake 's located pretty close to the last earthquake that occurred at Korumburra just over a week ago .
It 's unusual to get two earthquakes of this size within a couple of weeks of each other . "
Allan Briggs of the SES says there have not been any reports of damage .
" The SES is asking people that have had damage to their property to call 132 500 , we ask you to turn the power , water and gas off , " he said .
Peter Sutton of Warragul , 100 kilometres south - east of Melbourne , says the tremor was very strong .
" I was sitting in the chair about to put the TV on ; there was a giant crack and everything began to shake for about five or six seconds , " he said .
" It felt like the whole house was shaking ; the whole house was moving from side to side . "
One ABC contributor , Jill Price from Forest Hill , says she felt " the whole house rattle and shake for about 50 seconds " .
Rob Bisco from Berwick also said the tremor lasted for about a minute but Heather E from Box Hill said she felt two tremors , each about three seconds long .
Several contributors said the tremor felt stronger than the one two weeks ago .
Another ABC contributor , John Kis in Fitzroy , says he felt the tremor at 4:29 pm AEDT .
" I immediately got a instant message from my friend in Elwood , " he said .
He says the message read : " Spesh : was playin ps3 , my couch started wobbling , I thought , ' This game is awesome ' . "
Another ABC contributor , Karo Williams , also initially thought the tremor was just a video game .
" My son was playing on his video game attacking zombies and I thought it was the subwoofer until the sofa continued to vibrate , then I realised it was another earth tremor , " he said .
Several ABC contributors reported hearing a loud noise at the start of the tremor , with one , Cindy , describing it as " two low , deep - sounding bangs in about five - 10 second intervals " .
" Most people in the Mulgrave office commented and felt the vibration .
Heard a ' crack ' noise and felt the vibration for about 10 seconds .
Computer monitor gently shook during the event , " said Philip Adams .
" I 'm in Lang Lang and it felt worse than the last one .
It sounded like someone threw a basketball or something similar at our glass sliding door .
Also heard the glass cabinet shaking and the glasses clinking together , " said Kristy Kilpatrick .
Other contributors said they thought the tremor was just a strong wind .
" I was reading through the ABC News online this afternoon when I felt what appeared to be a huge gust of wind shaking the house , " Julie Nitz said .
" When I turned my head to look out the window I noticed the front gate was ajar but it was perfectly still .
The trees were n't even moving .
" On second thought , was that another earthquake ?
It appears so .
Now I am really getting worried . "
" I felt it very strongly ; it sounded like a huge gust of wind and my whole house shook for about 20 seconds .
Bigger than the [ tremor on the ] 6th ; I got scared this time , " Jamie Woodleigh said .
You can listen to earthquake talkback now on 774 Melbourne 's Drive program .
Tony Smith's Home Page
Quaternions , Octonions , and Physics
Some Quaternionic Structure
Some Quaternionic History
In 1828 , George Green ( 1793 - 1841 ) discovered Green 's Functions , which describe the basic Harmonic Mathematics of Physics .
Green was a self - taught mathematician who worked in his family mill .
Green 's functions can be used with respect to any Division Algebra .
At the time Green discovered them , the only Division Algebras known were the Real and Complex Numbers .
Green used his Green 's Functions to describe the Potential Theory of Electromagnetism .
In 1831 , James Clerk Maxwell ( 1831 - 1879 ) was born .
In 1843 , the Quaternion Division Algebra was discovered by William Rowan Hamilton ( 1805 - 1865 ) .
In 1844 , N - dimensional Exterior and Interior Geometric Products were discovered by Hermann Grassmann ( 1809 - 1877 ) .
In 1845 , the Octonion Division Algebra was discovered by John Graves and Arthur Cayley ( 1821-1895 ) .
Cayley , who practiced law to make money so that he could pursue mathematics , also invented Matrix Algebra .
Also in 1845 , William Kingdon Clifford ( 1845-1879 ) was born .
In 1858 , according to Collective Electrodynamics by Carver Mead ( MIT 2000 ) , " ... Bernhard Riemann deduces the phenomena of the induction of electric currents from a modified form of Poisson 's equation
d ^2 V / dx^2 + d^2 V / dy ^2 + D^2 V / dz ^2 + 4 pi rho = ( 1 / a ^2 ) d^2 V / dt^2
where V is the electrostatic potential , and a a velocity .
...
The four - vector generalization of Riemann 's equation was formualted by Sommerfeld shortly after Einstein 's 1905 paper introduced the special theory of relativity . ... " .
In 1864 , Maxwell discovered the equations of Electromagnetism , which he wrote in the form of Complex Numbers and Vectors in his paper " A dynamical theory of the electromagnetic field " .
In the abstract to that 1864 paper ( dated 27 October 1864 , and reprinted in The Scientific Letters and Papers of James Clerk Maxwell , Volume II 1862 - 1873 , edited by P. M. Harman ( Cambridge Un. Press 1995 ) at pages 189-196 ) , Maxwell says :
" The proposed Theory seeks for the origin of electromagnetic effects in the medium surrounding the electric or magnetic bodies ...
The properties attributed to the medium in order to explain the propagation of light are - 1st .
That the motion of one part communicates motion to the parts in its neighborhood .
2nd .
That this communication is ot instantaneous but progressive , and depends on the elasticity of the medium as compared with its density .
The kind of motion attributed to the medium when transmitting light is that called transverse vibration .
An elastic medium capable of such motions must be also capable of a vast variety of other motions , and its elasticity may be called into play in other ways , some of which may be discoverable by their effects .
... ... if we look for the explanation of the force of gravitation in the action of a surrounding medium , the constitution of the medium must be such that , when far from the presence of gross matter , it has immense intrinsic energy , part of which is removed from it wherever we find the signs of gravitating force .
... ...
The equations of this paper ... show that transverse disturbances , and transverse disturbances only , will be propagated through the field , and that the number which expresses the velocity of propagation must be the same as that which expresses the number of electrostatic units units of electricity in one electromagnetic unit , the standards of space and time being the same .
... ... the ... theory ... restores the medium [ luminiferous ether ] ... and certifies that the vibrations are transverse , and that the velocity is that of light .
With regard to normal [ longitudinal ] vibrations , the electromagnetic theory does not allow of their transmission . ... " .
In 1867 , Peter Guthrie Tait wrote his book on Quaternions , and Maxwell and Tait discussed Quaternions in their correspondence .
On 7 Nov 1870 , Maxwell wrote to Tait a letter discussing Quaternion terminology for things like
gradient ( which Maxwell called slope )
divergence ( which Maxwell called convergence )
curl ( which Maxwell then called twirl )
Laplacian ( which Maxwell called concentration )
saying : " ... I want phrases of this kind to make statements in electromagnetism ... " .
Also in November 1870 , Maxwell wrote a Manuscript on the Application of Quaternions to Electromagnetism , which is reprinted in Volume II of Maxwell 's Scientific Papers at pages 570 - 576 .
In it Maxwell uses the term curl instead of twirl , and he also says :
" ... The invention of the Calculus of Quaternions by Hamilton is a step towards the knowledge of quantities related to space which can only be compared for its importance with the invention of triple coordinates by Descartes .
The limited use which has up to the present time been made of Quaternions must be attributed partly to the repugnance of most mature minds to new methods involving the expenditure of thought ... " .
At this time , Maxwell had a clear idea that waves should have Scalar and Vector parts , and used the following terms in his Quaternionic formulation of the equations of Electromagnetism :
__ Slope = what we call Grad ( represented by Nabla \/ )
Convergence = what we call Div Curl = what we call Curl Concentration = what we call Laplacian
Also in 1870 , Clifford showed that energy and matter are simply different types of curvature of space , thus anticipating Einstein 's theory of Gravitation as Curved Spacetime .
According to the Encyclopaedia Britannica , Clifford also coined the phrase " ... " mind - stuff " ( the simple elements of which consciousness is composed ) ... " .
In terms of the smallest charged Elementary Particle , the First - Generation Fermion Electron Compton Radius Vortex Particle , the Higgs VEV ( about 250 GeV = 5 x 10^5 Me ( Electron Masses ) ) gives the linear compressibility of the Aether , Therefore , the Gravitational VEV should be given by the 4 - volume compressibility of the Aether , so that the Gravitational VEV is about ( 5 x 10^5 ) ^4 Me = 6 x 10 ^22 Me = 3 x 10^22 MeV = 3 x 10^19 GeV .
Since the Gravitational VEV should correspond to a pair of Planck Mass Black Holes , the Planck Mass could be derived to be about 1.5 x 10^19 GeV .
In 1871 , Maxwell wrote a letter of reference for Clifford , saying :
" ... The peculiarities of Mr. Clifford 's researches ... is that they tend not to the elaboration of abstruse theorems by ingeneous calculations , but to the elucidation of scientific ideas by the concentration upon them of clear and steady thought . ... " .
In 1873 , Maxwell published his treatise on Electricity and Magnetism .
In the same year , in his Lecture on Faraday 's Lines of Force ( reprinted in Volume II of Maxwell 's Scientific Papers ) , Maxwell said :
" ... If we propose to account for [ the attraction of gravitation ] in the same way as we have done for magnetism we must admit that there is pressure instead of tension along the lines of force and tension instead of pressure at right angles to them and that here where we sit the ether is supporting a vertical pressure of more than 37000 tons on the square inch .
The strength of steel is nothing to this . ... " .
Also in 1873 , Sophus Lie ( 1842-1899 ) ( who had studied with Felix Klein ( 1849 - 1925 ) ) began his study of transformation groups which over the succeeding years produced Lie Algebras , which were independently introduced and classified by Wilhelm Killing ( 1847-1923 ) and Elie Cartan ( 1869-1951 ) .
The classification of Lie Algebras corresponds to the classification of the Alternative Real Division Algebras : Real numbers , Complex numbers , Quaternions , and Octonions .
In 1876 , Clifford , who had been describing the topology of Riemann ( 1826 -1866 ) surfaces , discovered Clifford Algebras. , thus anticipating Dirac 's rediscovery of Clifford Algebras when he formulated the Dirac Equation of Quantum ElectroDynamics .
Dirac not only rediscovered Clifford algebras , he also :
( in 1938 ) anticipated the Compton Radius Vortex Model of the electron , as shown in this quote from pages 194-195 of Dirac : A Scientific Biography , by Helge Kragh ( Cambridge 1990 ) : " ... " ...
It would appear here that we have a contradiction with elementary ideas of causality .
The electron seems to know about he pulse before it arrives and to get up an acceleration ( as the equations of motion allow it to do ) , just sufficient to balance the effect of the pulse when it does arrive . "
Dirac seemed to accept this pre-acceleration as a matter of fact , necessitated by the equations , and did not discuss it further .
However , Dirac explained that the strange behavior of electrons in this theory could be understood if the electron was thought of as an extended particle with a nonlocal interior .
He suggested that the point electron , embedded in its own radiation field , be interpreted as a sphere of radius a , where a is the distance within which an incoming pulse must arrive before the electron accelerates appreciably .
With this interpretation he showed that it was possible for a signal to be propagated faster than light through the interior of the electron .
He wrote : " The finite size of the electron now reappears in a new sense , the interior of the electron being a region of failure , not of the field equations of electromagnetic theory , but of some of the elementary properties of space - time . "
In spite of the appearance of superluminal velocities , Dirac 's theory was Lorentz - invariant .
... " ; and ( in 1951 - 1954 ) advocated the reality and utility of the aether , as shown in this quote from pages 202-203 of Dirac : A Scientific Biography , by Helge Kragh ( Cambridge 1990 ) : " ... " Let us imagine the aether to be in a state for which all values of the velocity of any bit of aether , less than the velocity of light , are equally probable .
...
In this way the existence of an aether can be brought into complete harmony with the principle of relativity . "
Dirac identified the ether velocity with the stream velocity of his classical electron theory ... it was the velocity with which small charges would flow if they were introduced .
... in the spring of 1953 , Dirac proposed that absolute time be reconsidered .
...
The ether , absolute simultaneity , and absolute time " ... can be incorporated into a Lorentz invariant theory with the help of quantum mechanics ... " ... he was unable to work out a satisfactory quantum theory with absolute time and had to rest content with the conclusion that " one can try to build up a more elaborate theory with absolute time involving electron spins ... " .
Recall that Nelson 's non-local stochastic quantum mechanics ( which I think can be formulated consistently with Bohm theory ) involves ( see the paper by Smolin in the book Quantum Concepts in Space and Time ( Penrose and Isham , eds ) , at page 156 ) a diffusion constant that " ... is inversely proportional to the inertial mass of the particle , with the constant of proportionality being a universal constant hbar : v = hbar / m ... " .
Compare this with Dirac 's 1951 suggestion that the electromagnetism U( 1 ) gauge - fixing condition should be A A = k^2 where ( see page 199 in Kragh 's book I am omitting some sub and superscript mus and nus ) : " ...
In order to get agreement with the Lorentz equation , the constant k was indentified with m/e
The four - velocity v of a stream of electrons ws found to be related to A by v = ( 1/ k ) A ... " which gives for Dirac 's theory v = e / m .
In 1879 , both Maxwell and Clifford died , and Einstein was born .
What Might Have Been in the late 1800s :
Further , you could condsider
Maxwell 's geometric imagination ( he visualized Vortices in the Aether , and made stereoscopes to view images in 3 - dimensions and zoetropes to view images in motion ) , as well as
his mathematical / mystical worldview ( he said : " ... [ the aether ] is fitted ... to constitute the material organism of beings excercising functions of life and mind as high or higher than ours ... " ; and " ... cubic surfaces !
By threes and nines Draw round his camp your seven - and - twenty lines
The seal of Solomon in three dimensions .
... we the form may trace
Of him whose soul , too large for vulgar space , In n dimensions flourished unrestricted .
... " ) , and
you could consider that Maxwell 's 27 - dimensional structure is simiilar to the 27 - dimensional geometry based on the exceptional Jordan algebra of 3x3 Hermitian Octonion matrices and
that the 27 - complex - dimensional symmetric space E7 / ( E6 xU ( 1 ) ) describes , at the Nearest Neighbor lowest level of Interconnectedness , the Super Implicate Order , or MacroSpace , whose Geometry produces Jack Sarfatti's nonlinear Back - Reaction Quantum Theory of Matter and Mind .
With that in mind , you might conjecture that :
Since the symmetry of the 27 - line configuration is the same as that of the Weyl group of the Octonionic E6 Lie algebra ; and Since Octonions ( the next , and final , Alternative Real Division Algebra beyond the Quaternions ) had already been discovered ; and Since 8 - dimensional Octonions can be a representation space for the 8 - dimensional Lie Group SU ( 3 ) : the late 1800s might have seen an Extension from Quaternions to Octonions , resulting in an extension of Gravity and SU ( 2 ) xU ( 1 ) to a Unified Theory of Gravity plus the SU ( 3 ) xSU ( 2 ) xU(1 )
Standard Model such as the D4 - D5 - E6 - E7 Model .
However , what might have been was not what was :
What Did Happen after 1879 :
In 1887 , according to Collective Electrodynamics by Carver Mead ( MIT 2000 ) , " ... W. Voigt published a little - known paper in which he showed that ...
Maxwell 's equations , in space free of charges and currents , are not altered by a ... Lorentz transformation .
...
This transformation was reinvented in 1892 by H. A. Lorentz ...[ who ] ... derived his result independently ... " .
Maxwell 's Quaternions were thrown away from Electromagnetism by Josiah Willard Gibbs at Yale and Oliver Heaviside in England .
As Saul - Paul Sirag quotes from the biography , Sir William Rowan Hamilton , by Thomas L. Hankins , Johns Hopkins Press , 1980 , pp. 316 - 319 :
" ... in 1888 , Gibbs explained how reading Maxwell 's [ 1873 ]
Treatise on Electricity and Magnetism led him to devise his system of vector analysis : " My first acquaintance with quaternions was in reading Maxwell 's E.&M . where Quaternion notations are considerably used .
... I saw , that although the methods were called quaternionic the idea of the quaternion was quite foreign to the subject .
...
I therefore began to work out ab initio , the algebra of the two kinds of multiplication , the three differential operations [ del ] applied to a scalar , & the two operations to a vector , & those fuctions or rather integrating operators which ( under certain limitations ) are the inverse of the said differential operators , & which play the leading roles in many departments of Math .
Phys .
To these subjects was added that of lin.
vec. functions which is also prominent in Maxwell 's E. & M . "
In 1903 , according to Collective Electrodynamics by Carver Mead ( MIT 2000 ) , " ... Sommerfeld introduces the Lorentz - invariant quantity S = J .
A which he calls the Schwarzchild invariant .... K . Schwarzchild , Gottinger Nachr. 1903 ...
Note the publication 1903 !
Thus Schwarzchild arrived intuitively at the correct postulate of the theory of invariants six years ahead of Minkowski .
... two years before Einstein 's paper on special relativity ...
The Schwarzchild invariant ...
When integrated over all four coordinates of space - time ... has the units of energy x time ; it is called the action of the system .
When divided by hbar , this integral is dimensionless .
...
From our point of view , the action is flux x charge , rather than energy x time . ... " .
Lie Groups remained only a narrow field of Mathematics until around 1920 .
Clifford 's Curved Space Physics and Clifford Algebras were ignored until Dirac discovered the Dirac Equation in 1932 .
Quaternions did not return to fundamental Physics models until 1962 , when Finkelstein , Jauch , Schiminovich , and Speiser wrote a paper titled Some Physical Consequences of General Q- Covariance , Helvetica Physica Acta , Volume XXXV ( 1962 ) 328-329 , in which they showed that the quaternion imaginary degrees of freedom corresponded to the Higgs field that gives mass to the SU ( 2 ) gauge bosons .
They extended the result of Stueckelberg that a vector gauge boson could , by interacting with a scalar field transforming additively under the gauge group , become massive .
Their extension was to use a quaternionic gauge structure that naturally produced a scalar field with nonzero vacuum expectation value that transformed multiplicatively under the gauge group ( effectively being the exponential of Stueckelberg 's scalar field ) .
Theirs was the first paper ( as far as I know ) that used Quaternionic SU ( 2 ) symmetry to describe the mechanism whereby two charged SU ( 2 ) bosons get mass , and the electromagnetic field is unified with the SU ( 2 ) bosons .
Their paper effectively did the " Higgs Mechanism " before Higgs , and did ElectroWeak Unification before Glashow , Salam , and Weinberg ( who , for their ElectroWeak work , shared the 1979 Nobel Prize ) .
The eta(x ) that they call a " fundamental field " corresponds to the Higgs field .
Their paper describes three vector fields : two with mass and charge ( the W + and W - ) ; and one massless and neutral ( the photon ) .
They do not in their paper construct the neutral massive Z0 .
They gave more details of their model in their paper titled Principle of General Q Covariance , J. Math .
Phys. 4 ( 1963 ) 788-796 , ( received 10 December 1962 ) .
Finkelstein , Jauch , Schiminovich , and Speiser did not prove renormalizability , but neither did Glashow , Salam , and Weinberg .
Renormalizability was proven by 't Hooft , who did not win a Nobel Prize until 1999 , when he shared it with his former adviser Veltman .
Later in the 20th Century , Torsion Physics was studied by R. M. Kiehn .
What if you extend from Quaternions to Octonions ?
Note : John Baez has a very nice paper , math .
RA/0105155 , about Octonions , including some interesting history .
He also has easily updatable and expandable html , ps , and pdf versions on his personal web site .
Since the circle U(1 ) = S1 , and the 1 - sphere S1 is the unit Complex Numbers , the Complex Numbers have a natural local U ( 1 ) gauge group , which is the gauge group of Electromagnetism .
Therefore , the Complex Numbers naturally produce QED .
Since the ( 6 - 3 = 3 ) - dimensional symmetric space Spin( 4 ) / SU ( 2 ) = S3 , and the 3 - sphere S3 is the unit Quaternions , the Quaternions have a natural local SU ( 2 ) gauge group , which is the Weak Force gauge group .
Since the Complex Numbers are a subalgebra of the Quaternions , the Quaternions naturally unify Electromagnetism and the Weak Force , producing the ElectroWeak SU ( 2 ) xU( 1 ) sector of the Standard Model .
Further , since the Spin(4 ) Lie algebra is the Euclidean version of the Lie algebra of the Lorentz Group , the Quaternions naturally unify the ElectroWeak SU ( 2 ) xU( 1 ) sector of the Standard Model with Special Relativity in 4 - dimensional SpaceTime .
Since the ( 15 - 8 = 7 ) - dimensional symmetric space Spin( 6 ) / SU( 3 ) = S7 , and the 7 - sphere S7 is the unit Octonions , the Octonions have a natural local SU ( 3 ) gauge group , which is the Color Force gauge group .
Since the Quaternions are a subalgebra of the Octonions , the Octonions naturally unify Electromagnetism , the Weak Force , and the Color Force , producing the SU ( 3 ) xSU ( 2 ) xU(1 ) Standard Model .
Further , since the Spin(6 ) Lie algebra is the Euclidean version of the Lie algebra of the Conformal Group , and since the Conformal Group can produce Gravity by the MacDowell - Mansouri Mechanism ,
the Octonions naturally unify the Standard Model with General Relativistic Gravity in 4 - dimensional SpaceTime .
Just as the Quaternions have the 3 - sphere S3 that is SU ( 2 ) and can make an SU ( 2 ) gauge group , the Octonions have the 7 - sphere S7 .
S7 is not a Lie group , but S7 is parallelizable and can have Torsion Structure .
If you extend S7 in a natural way
then you get the Lie group Spin ( 8 ) of the D4 Lie algebra ,
which is the starting point of the D4 - D5 - E6 - E7 - E8 VoDou Physics model .
Tony Smith's Home Page
...
...
Just last week we announced the arrival of two Asian Small - clawed Otter pups at SeaWorld San Diego .
Now we find out that SeaWorld Orlando has their own batch .
Thought you 'd want us to share ...
Photo credits : Jason Collier / SeaWorld Orlando
The smallest of all otters , Asian Small - clawed Otters are also notable for their paws , which grasp things much like human hands do .
They are the only otters that grab prey with their paws instead of their teeth .
Why Conservatives should insist on
overturning cannabis prohibition in New York :
cut wasteful spending , restore respect for law enforcement , grow a sustainable economy without large government stimulus
1 ) Effective Law Enforcement
Ending cannabis prohibition will drastically reduce wasteful government spending and corruption of law enforcement officers .
Half of the police budget is spent on invesitigating and prosecuting non-violent drug offenders .
Law enforcement funds should be used to fight real crimes like murder , robbery , sexual abuse , fraud , assault , domestic abuse , driving while intoxicated , money laundering , cyber crimes , government corruption , vandalism , arson , conspiracy against rights , and medical and legal mal - practice .
In todays socio- economic upheaval we need all the resources available to suppress gang violence , prevent home invasion and protect our citizens against real threats to their safety .
With the lessening of profits available in the street drug business , that will certainly come about with the end of prohibition , our inner-city youth will have more incentive to get an education and seek a ligitimate career .
No more kingpins .
2 ) Cut Government Spending / Cap on Taxes
Ending proibition of cannabis will allow the introduction of the highly prolific hemp industy in New York State , which produces the essentials of life : food , clothing and shelter , and a multi- purpose medicine , thus giving non-profit charities the key ingredients for aiding the poor and disabled citizens , and eliminating nearly all of the need for state funding for welfare , medicaid , H.U.D. , and Food Stamps .
3 ) Freedom of Enterprise
The hemp industry was a standard part of the spectrum of agricultural and manufacuring business ventures in nearly every state in the country until it 's prohibition was established deceptively by the Marihuana Tax Act of 1937 .
Millions of Americans were in one way or another benefiting from hemp industries and were unaware that the arbitrary banning of marijuana was actually a ban on hemp .
Had it been clearly explained to the public the law would likely have been opposed by an overwhelming majority .
The cultivation of hemp never posed any serious threat to public safety , and in fact only threatened some newly invented pharmaceuticals .
4 ) Right to Bear Arms
The unconstitutional prohibition of cannabis exposes free and upstanding citizens who grow the herb for personal use to felony charges which deprives them of their right to keep and bear arms and violates their right to privacy and sovereignty in the home .
Let us not give the government licence to invade us .
5 ) Freedom of Education Choices
Just as Conservatives value the right to pray in schools , the implication by police in D.A.R.E. programs , that the choice to use marijuana , as opposed to store - bought cold medicine , such as Nyquil is inherently self destructive , is not scientific and imposes a particular religious stance on our children , comparable to telling our children that God is not real .
The role of public schools is to teach our children about science and generally accepted morals , not one religious stance or another .
It is a family choice to teach kids our personal ideals .
6 ) Economic Prosperity
Ending prohibition of cannabis will introduce a wide array of hemp products , grown and manufactured here in New York , including food , clothing , rope , canvas , building materials , fuel , and cosmetics .
The production of so many valuable saleable items here at home will make way for many prosperous , self - sufficient economic networks .
Our children wo n't have to wonder where they will work , because the job market will arguably be growing nearly as fast as the hemp fields .
The lessening of the need for public welfare programs will free up government funds and open the opportunity to introduce sizeable tax - break incentives for new businesses .
Allowing marijuana users to grow their own will allow them to save on healthcare and return their money to the mainstream economy .
Let 's put the criminal drug dealers out of business .
7 ) Medical Practice Accountability
Without the restrictive control of the individual 's free choice of medical treatments , the pharmaceutical companies and insurance providers will not be able to corrupt the medical establishments by encouraging certain prescriptions for the benefit of private corporate interests .
8 ) Freedom of Religion
Many conservatives strongly believe that use of any mind - altering substance is morally damaging and should be kept from reaching our children .
However , the current laws are a blatant invasion of people 's rights to make their own moral judgements concerning what medicines to use , and whether or not to engage in euphoric practices .
Prohibition is encouraging government to make arbitrary decisions on which freedoms to violate , depending on what party or political agenda is in control .
The unavoidable truth is that not everyone 's religion calls for the same guidelines , therefore we can not make state laws based on a certain group 's religious convictions .
That is a violation of the separation of church and state .
We should follow the example of the founding fathers by opposing any infringement on rights and thereby protect our offspring from being subject to the future loss of their own freedoms .
As long as your religion is not becoming an invasion of someone else 's safety and well being , your religion is lawful and protected within the Constitution .
9 ) Right to Privacy
If you allow the government to control what plants you grow on your own property even when you pose no real threat to neighbors or the community , then you are allowing government to violate your constitutional rights , committing treason against the country .
If you let the government invade us because of regulations on plants , you are certainly encouraging the arbitrary invasion of whatever rights the acting regime might want to deprive us of in order to gain more control over our personal freedoms .
You have a right to grow food , medicine and herbs on your own property .
Prohibition of alcohol was destructive to the peace and tranquility of communities and so is prohibition of cannabis .
Meghan McCain the daughter of failed presidential candidate John McCain has been making the airwaves lately for her liberal stance on social issues , like her support for gay marriage .
It all started with her post on the Daily Beast which sparked the now media frenzy .
A self proscribed " progressive republican " Ms. McCain hopes that the republican party can stop alienating people and come to the center on issues she describes as being a " generational divide " .
Contact Meghan McCain and thank her for standing up for change , and speaking out in favor of equality for the lesbian , gay , bisexual , and transgender community .
While her words are simply words alone , they offer a great voice for the often silenced segment of the republican party of youth and those who support equality .
Civil War era shipwreck discovered during search for Ike debris
Like a toy surprise in a box of Cracker Jacks - er , slightly water - logged Cracker Jacks , that is - a Civil War era shipwreck turned up among Hurricane Ike debris .
The discovery , thought to be previously uncharted , was made by crews last week scanning the bays around Galveston to chart debris .
While the find came as a kind of fun surprise to the contractors doing the work , State Marine Archeologist Steve Hoyt was pleased - but not terribly surprised .
" There have been nearly 2,000 ship wrecks ( in Texas coastal waters ) , with a lot of those concentrated around the Galveston area , " Hoyt said .
A surprising amount of Texas history is underwater .
With many immigrants arriving here by ship , along with the goods and supplies they needed for frontier life , traveling by water was common .
The bays of the Galveston area were particularly busy .
" Much of the history of Texas is maritime history , " Hoyt said .
Hoyt added it 's possible the shipwreck had been buried in mud and Ike 's surge might have uncovered it .
Or , it could just be that it had simply been overlooked until now .
The post - Ike sonar operation is likely the most extensive ever undertaken in the Galveston Bay area .
In the past , smaller areas have been surveyed for different projects , such as pipelines , to ensure that the work wo n't disturb any significant sites , Hoyt said .
" This is the first time I know there 's been such widespread coverage , " he added .
When the Texas Historic Commission finds out about a " new " historic ship wreck site , personnel begin to comb through a database of thousands of shipwrecks known to have occurred in the region .
" Most wrecks in the database , we do n't know where they are - we only know of them through historic records , " he said .
Hoyt would n't say what ships he thought the sonar scanners ' find might be .
" We 're looking at several , " he said .
" It would n't be appropriate to say till we have a better idea . "
The next step for the Texas Historic Commission is to assess the site .
" We will get a crew together and try to dive on it , " Hoyt said , adding that weather would play a role in scheduling the dive .
Diving in the bay will be challenging .
" Visibility is not good - it can be quite dangerous , " he said .
" You do get the occasional day when diving conditions are nice and you can get several feet of visibility . "
Otherwise , divers will assess the site by " Braille work , " Hoyt said , meaning they 'll literally have to feel for it .
The wreck , thought to be from the Civil War era , could yield a treasure trove of historic artifacts .
An iron - hulled ship would withstand the long immersion better than one of wood , but even a wood ship would contain many iron or ceramic parts and fixtures that could have survived .
Door hinges , drawer pulls , engines , anchors , mast and rigging paraphernalia are typical items to be found .
" It 's amazing how much can still be left on a large ship , " Hoyt said , adding that even a small , wooden hull ship yielded more than 1 million artifacts .
The sonar crews will soon begin work in Sabine Lake .
Hoyt said there 's no telling what might be found there .
" At Sabine Pass there were a number of wrecks , but once you get into the lake , there were fewer , " he said .
The location of the wreck is undisclosed , in accordance with Texas administrative code .
Hoyt said this is to protect the historic sites from plunder .
His return to the global stage would be a shock to his critics over the Iraq war and dismay many in Europe .
But The Independent on Sunday has learnt that Mr Brown has accepted that his old rival should be in pole position for the appointment , on the basis that Britain needs to have a key figure in the architecture of the " new world order " .
A senior British official said : " He [ Brown ] will have to swallow hard to sit down in meetings once again with Blair .
But he accepts that there needs to be someone from the UK in the new global architecture .
There is no opposition to the plan .
Things have moved on , people have moved on . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Other European leaders are also broadly supportive because they want a high - profile figure to represent the 27 - nation bloc in the new alliance with the US administration .
Mr Blair remains a popular figure in the US .
After initially trying to block Mr Blair as a possible candidate last year , the French President , Nicolas Sarkozy , has thrown his weight behind the former prime minister .
As the eyes of the world were on London 's G20 summit last Wednesday , Mr Blair held private talks with the European Commission President José Manuel Barroso in Brussels .
The talks focused on his work as Middle East envoy to the quartet of world powers , but it is almost certain that the two men discussed his candidacy .
The former premier also visited Sweden last week , where he shared a platform with Bill Clinton at a climate change conference .
The presidency job is dependant on Ireland voting " yes " to the Lisbon Treaty , which creates the position .
The Irish referendum will take place in the autumn .
But Mr Blair 's plans could still be scuppered if Angela Merkel loses the German general election in September .
She is thought to have a strong desire for the job in the event of defeat .
Britain has already thrown its weight behind Mr Barroso to serve a second term as Commission President .
His re-appointment would also strengthen the chances of a British name for the new job .
Mr Blair will have spent two years in the Middle East role by July , giving him a legitimate opportunity to claim he has devoted enough time to the job .
But critics will say Mr Blair has failed to make any significant breakthrough .
There is also little chance of progress towards the two - state solution under the new hardline Israeli government led by Binyamin Netanyahu .
In a sign that Mr Blair 's mind is on an exit from the Middle East , he said in Brussels : " I think the next six months will be completely critical in determining whether this process will move forward or whether it will slip back .
I do believe that if there is not significant progress in the year 2009 , the peace process will be in very great jeopardy , because there are decisions that have to be taken . "
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - U.S. households suffered a record 9 percent drop in wealth and pared debt in the fourth quarter as a deepening recession battered confidence and finances , Federal Reserve data showed on Thursday .
Household net worth dropped by $ 5.1 trillion from the prior quarter to $ 51.5 trillion .
For the full year , net worth dropped by $ 11.2 trillion , reflecting steep declines in the housing and stock markets .
The declines in household net worth were the largest since quarterly and annual records began in 1951 and 1946 , respectively , said the Fed -- the U.S. central bank .
Since a second - quarter 2007 peak of $ 64.4 trillion , household wealth has dropped by about 20 percent , effectively wiping out four years of gains .
That has put a chill on consumer spending and added to Americans ’ anxiety about their economic well - being .
Michael Feroli , an economist with JPMorgan in New York , called the $ 5.1 trillion quarterly drop a “ showstopper . ”
“ Given where the S&P 500 ( stock index ) is now and recent house price data , we estimate consumers have lost about another $ 2.5 trillion in the first quarter of the year , ” he said .
The slump in wealth has coincided with an increase in the personal savings rate , which suggests households that had counted on rising real estate and stock market gains to replace traditional savings were now rebuilding rainy - day funds .
In the second quarter of 2007 , when household wealth peaked , the savings rate was a low 0.3 percent .
In the fourth quarter of 2008 , it reached 3.2 percent .
Many economists expect the percentage to at least double in the next couple of years .
But while economists have long warned that consumers were saving too little , a swift increase in savings in the midst of a recession can worsen the downturn .
Consumer spending accounts for more than two - thirds of U.S. economic output .
WEALTH EFFECT
The Fed ’s quarterly Flow of Funds report also showed that household borrowing shrank at a 2 percent annual rate in the fourth quarter after increasing at a 0.2 percent pace in the previous period , for the first quarterly decline on record .
Home mortgage debt fell at a 1.6 percent pace -- the third consecutive quarter of declines -- and consumer credit dropped at a 3.2 percent rate .
The build - up in household debt was one of the most striking elements of the five - year housing boom , which peaked in 2006 .
Consumers recorded double - digit annual increases in mortgage debt from 2001 through 2006 , some of that in the form of cash - out refinancing that helped fuel strong spending .
Just how much rising wealth contributed to consumer spending is a subject of much debate but it is thought to be somewhere around 5 cents on the dollar .
It is less clear how much households will cut back now that their wealth has been depleted .
Commerce Department figures released on Thursday showed retail sales fell modestly last month , which some economists saw as a tentative sign that spending could be stabilizing after a very weak fourth quarter .
But with so much wealth destroyed , credit conditions still tight , and households looking to pay down debt , spending is not likely to return to the levels seen during the boom years any time soon .
The figures also showed that the rate of growth in borrowing by businesses slowed to 1.7 percent from a 4.1 percent rate in the third quarter .
The biggest jump in borrowing came from the federal government , coming in at a 37 percent rate in the fourth quarter .
At the end of the fourth quarter , domestic nonfinancial debt outstanding totaled $ 33.5 trillion , with households accounting for $ 13.8 trillion , nonfinancial businesses $ 11.1 trillion and government debt of $ 8.6 trillion .
Before I talk about Kevin Roose ‘s excellent new book , The Unlikely Disciple , let me remind you of this clip from Real Time with Bill Maher :
Remember that sense of anger you felt every time Jerry Falwell made any sort of public statement ?
Maybe , like Maher , you were n’t all that sad when he passed away .
Kevin Roose felt pretty much the same way about Falwell a few years ago — basing his view of Falwell off the man he ’d seen on television .
But when working as an intern for AJ Jacobs ( author of The Year of Living Biblically ) , he met a few students from Liberty ( the school Falwell founded ) and became curious about what their lives were like .
So he applied to — and was accepted into — Liberty University .
Kevin ’s book The Unlikely Disciple : A Sinner ’s Semester at America ’s Holiest University is a recounting of his months there .
It ’s one of the best books I ’ve read in years .
In it , Kevin describes a little bit of everything — his awkward dates with a sweet Christian girl , what he learned in his classes ( Young Earth Creationism and Evangelism 101 , to name a couple ) , and his one - on - one interview with Falwell himself ( the last print interview Falwell gave before dying ) .
I ’ll say it again :
This is an * incredible * book — I could n’t put it down — and not just for the entertainment value .
Every atheist should read this to find out what the Fundamentalist Christian world is really like .
It ’s not always as awful as you might think and the students are n’t all cookie - cutter Falwells - in - training .
Still , when you see how repressed some of the students are , what lengths they go to in order to remain “ pure , ” and what they are learning , it ’s obvious how problematic religion and dogma can be .
Speaking of what you learn there … here ’s a partial list of questions actually asked on the History of Life midterm exam , according to Kevin :
1. True or False : Noah ’s
Ark was large enough to carry various kinds of dinosaurs .
2. True or False : Science is the only way to truly know truth about the world .
3. True or False : Margaret Sanger [ the founder of Planned Parenthood ] was a promoter of eugenics [ selective breeding , a practice commonly associated with the Nazi Party ] .
4. True or False : Evolution can be proven using the scientific method .
Correct answers ( according to Liberty ) : 1 . True
2. False
3. True
4. False
You could ace it … but it would cost you your last trace of rationality .
I had the chance to talk to Kevin about his experiences there .
Some excerpts from his book are interspersed below our conversation :
…
Hemant :
How in the world did you get accepted into Liberty ?
Kevin : Honestly , I have no idea .
I filled out the application , wrote the essay ( “ Describe how your perspectives of life and morality will enable you to contribute to Liberty University ’s mission ” ) and submitted it along with my transcript from Brown .
A few weeks later , the thick envelope came .
I guess they really needed the tuition money .
Liberty ’s application does n’t include a mandatory statement of faith , but to complete the essay prompt …
I had to read a few dozen Christian articles and sermons online and wrangle some of the buzzwords into a three - paragraph response .
( I wo n’t reprint the whole thing here , but it included sentences like “ The path to righteousness is not an easy one . ” )
I filled in a few more blanks , clicked “ Send , ” and my application tumbled through the ether to Liberty .
( p. 12 )
…
On the Creation Studies class :
Hemant :
What was it like sitting in a Creation Studies class when you knew what was being taught was untrue ?
Kevin : Creation Studies was probably the most challenging part of my academic life at Liberty , precisely because I did n’t agree with what was being taught .
( To quote the popular bumper sticker , I give evolution two opposable thumbs up . )
But I took solace in the fact that even if I did n’t believe that Noah ’s Flood or Adam and Eve were totally historical , learning to see things from the creationist ’s point of view would be good for my open - mindedness .
I think it ’s crucially important to learn about worldviews we do n’t agree with , even if those worldviews lead to exam questions like : “ True or False : Noah ’s Ark was large enough to accommodate various kinds of dinosaurs . ”
Hemant : How should the scientific world respond to the education that Liberty students receive ( i.e. Creationism ) ?
Should universities or public schools hire Liberty graduates ?
Kevin : Depends which Liberty graduates you ’re talking about .
Like every school , students who come from Liberty are a diverse bunch , and I have no doubt that some of them would be completely capable teachers .
Some might not be , of course .
So I think it ’s important to assess each individual case .
I would n’t throw someone out of a job interview just because he or she was a Liberty graduate .
All Liberty students are required to take a creation studies course , while only Biology majors are required to learn evolution - based science .
And even those evolution courses are sort of Fair and BalancedTM , if you get my drift .
( p. 33 )
…
On Falwell and the students at Liberty :
Hemant :
Were the students at Liberty as sheltered as one might expect ?
What would they be surprised to find out about mainstream America ?
Kevin :
Actually , I was surprised at how non-sheltered they were .
Almost everyone I met was totally socially adjusted , and could have fit in at any American college .
Most of the time , conversations in the dorm centered on girls , homework , and music — the same stuff you ’d hear at Brown .
Hemant :
What was the reaction like from Liberty students ( and yourself ) at the mainstream media ’s response to Jerry Falwell ’s death ?
People like Bill Maher and Christopher Hitchens said some pretty nasty things about him .
Were their comments appropriate ?
Did Liberty students understand why these things were being said ?
Kevin :
Ah yes , the Hitchens eulogy .
I believe he summed up his views when he told Anderson Cooper [ Hemant : Actually , Hannity & Colmes ] that “ if you gave [ Falwell ] an enema , you could bury him in a matchbox . ”
Which , despite being quite funny , is n’t entirely accurate .
I actually got to interview Dr. Falwell ( as Liberty students call him ) before he died , and I got to see a different side of him , one that explained why he had millions of die - hard followers and a student body who absolutely adored him .
I had very mixed emotions when he died , because while I think he did some incredibly hurtful things in his life , I appreciated certain elements of his personality .
Hemant : What should the secular world know about Jerry Falwell ?
Kevin :
He was a complicated guy , much moreso than the one - dimensional caricature he became whenever the TV cameras were rolling .
For example , he loved light - hearted practical jokes .
When he died , they found three boxes of stinkbombs in his desk .
It does n’t make the hateful things he did any less offensive , but it also helps to explain why he was as popular as he was .
You ca n’t become a religious leader of his magnitude without touching some lives .
Hemant : Based on your writing ( and I suppose to nobody ’s surprise ) , gay students would have a horrible time at the school .
Do you feel like the atmosphere will ever get better for them among that crowd ?
Kevin : I ’d like to say I ’m optimistic , but I just do n’t know .
The school has an incredibly long history of anti-gay activism , and I do n’t know what it ’d take to reverse it .
I think only time will tell .
All in all , the Liberty students I ’ve met are a lot more socially adjusted than I expected .
They ’re not rabid , frothing fundamentalists who spend their days sewing Hillary Clinton voodoo dolls and penning angry missives to the ACLU … in fact , I suspect a lot of my hallmates at Liberty could fit in perfectly well at a secular college .
( p. 63 )
But that ’s the secret about a place like Liberty ; everyone doubts .
( p. 105 )
…
On the Rules :
Hemant :
Who came up with the three - second rule for hugging ?
It sounds so… exact .
Like they ran some sort of calculation .
Kevin :
There ’s actually a Facebook group called “ I Hug For 3 Seconds , Sometimes 4 , ” which is subversive and exciting and sad all at the same time .
Hemant : Which Liberty rule was the strangest to adhere to ?
Kevin : I ’m not sure about strangest , but the hardest was definitely the no-cursing rule .
I actually had to buy a Christian self - help book , called “ 30 Days to Taming Your Tongue , ” which tells you how to replace your four - letter vulgarities with words like “ Glory ! ” and “ Mercy me ! ”
By the end of the list [ of rules ] , filmmaker [ and fellow student ]
Ryan is rubbing his temples and breathing heavily .
“ Now , I know you guys are probably thinking , what did I get myself into ? ” [ Resident Assistant ]
Stubbs says .
“ But it ’s not really that hard . ” [ R.A. ]
Fox adds , “ You just have to go in with a positive attitude .
If you think , ‘ Oh man , these rules are such a drag , ’ you ’re going to miss out on a lot .
We see the rules as a way to maintain our focus on God .
They give us freedom to concentrate on the things that really matter . ” ( p. 23 )
…
On the Quiverfull movement :
Hemant : How serious is the Quiverfull movement among the Christians you met ?
Kevin :
It ’s hard to tell .
In theory , a lot of Liberty students I met agreed with the basic Quiverfull teachings ( have as many kids as possible , as quickly as possible ) , but I ’m not sure how many of them actually plan on starting Quiverfull families .
Once they see how expensive childcare is , I ’m guessing some of them will have a change of heart .
“ Listen up , students , ” [ Falwell ] said .
“ Now , I made sure there were five thousand girls here on campus , and five thousand boys .
I do n’t know how much more I can do .
Folks , we need more Liberty babies for Christ .
Let ’s get going ! ” ( p. 73 )
…
On the Rational Response Squad :
Hemant : A professor at Liberty challenged the Rational Response Squad to a debate and you wrote about some surprising reactions from Liberty students after it occurred .
Why was this debate such a big deal for them ?
( Or was it a big deal at all ? )
Kevin :
The debate was interesting , because while it was pretty clear to everyone at Liberty that Dr. [ Ergun ]
Caner ( the professor who challenged the atheists ) got walloped , it did n’t cause a mass spiritual panic among Liberty students .
It made me wonder whether the point of atheist / believer debates is really to change people ’s minds , or whether they serve mostly as reinforcement for each side .
Dr. Caner got a few good points in .
He put forth a fairly convincing version of the argument from design ( the world is so beautiful and so orderly that it must have been designed by a creator ) .
But ultimately , he was outmatched .
The atheists anticipated his arguments and had counterarguments in hand .
They knew the Bible inside and out and confronted him with hard - to - spin textual contradictions … and althought Dr. Caner came up with explanations for the discrepancies , they were hardly rock solid … …
“ The atheists definitely knew what they were talking about , ” [ fellow student Brad ] says .
“ I almost do n’t want to say it , but … they beat him . ” ( p. 133 )
…
On channeling Ray Comfort :
Hemant :
You evangelized with a group of Liberty students at Daytona Beach over spring break .
What was the best / worst part of this experience ?
Kevin :
The worst part of the week , probably not surprisingly , was evangelizing to secular coeds , most of whom were drunk , preoccupied , or both .
Being shunned and mocked by strangers is never fun , even if you do n’t believe in what you ’re selling .
On the bright side , we were evangelizing outside a nightclub one night , and a “ Girls Gone Wild ” - style film crew came and set up next to us , so we got a nice little assembly line going .
Hemant :
Have you seen the banana video ?
Kevin : I have .
Actually , I heard professors at Liberty tell students NOT to use the banana example when debating non-believers .
Even at Liberty , fruit - based arguments are n’t the most convincing .
Evangelizing to secular spring breakers in Florida struck me as an enormous waste of time .
Why not go somewhere where Jesus would be an easier sell ?
Like Islamabad ?
Or a Christopher Hitchens dinner party ?
( p. 146 )
For these Liberty students , going to Daytona is a tool for self - anesthetization , a way to get used to the feeling of being an outcast in the secular world .
The first forty times someone blows you off , it feels awful .
The second forty times , you start reassuring yourself that all of this must serve a higher purpose .
By the end of the week , you get the point — you are going to be mocked and scorned for your faith , and this is the way it ’s supposed to be ( p. 163 )
…
On the book and its reception :
Hemant :
What ’s the best writing advice you received from AJ Jacobs ?
Kevin : AJ has been an incredibly supportive mentor throughout the whole publishing process .
( To use a Bible metaphor , he ’s sort of the Apostle Paul to my Timothy . )
As far as specific advice , he once told me that going into print journalism these days is sort of like going into Betamax sales .
I took it as a challenge to get published .
Hemant : Will a book tour stop at Liberty ?
What is the reaction to your book like from current students ?
Kevin : I did n’t know what to expect at first , but so far , the reaction has been almost entirely positive .
I think Liberty gets a lot of negative press , so the fact that I actually spent time there and gave it a balanced portrayal has helped Liberty students appreciate the book .
I ’ve gotten a lot of e-mails saying , basically , “ Thanks for taking us seriously . ”
Hemant :
Have you kept in touch with any students at Liberty ?
You mentioned in the book ’s epilogue that most of the reactions from your friends there were pretty positive .
Did any of them react negatively to the book and their portrayal ?
Kevin : I ’ve gotten a lot of calls from my Liberty friends in the past few weeks , all of them incredibly positive .
Mostly , they want to know who all the pseudonyms represent .
But I think , aside from the narcissistic thrill of being written about , they ’re excited that the book is n’t a scathing exposé or a down - with - religion tell - all , that I tried to find good things to say about Liberty in addition to the not - so - good things .
“ This blows my mind , to be honest , ” [ a fellow student ] said .
“ But I ’m not mad .
I think it ’s pretty cool actually .
I ’m happy for you .
I have n’t read a book in six , seven years .
But I might read this one . ” ( p. 312 )
…
On the aftermath :
Hemant :
How would you currently label yourself when it comes to religion ?
Do you still pray ?
Kevin : I was “ God-ambivalent ” when I went to Liberty — not exactly a believer , but not exactly an agnostic or an atheist .
Now , I ’m more comfortable with religion , and I do try to pray every day , even though I ’m still not convinced it has any cosmic effect .
I try to remember what Oswald Chambers said about prayer , which is that ( and I ’m paraphrasing ) it ’s not so much that prayer changes things , but that prayer changes us and we change things .
So even if God is n’t listening , I think the practice of praying for other people can make us more selfless , more willing to reach out .
The Unlikely Disciple : A Sinner ’s Semester at America ’s Holiest University hits the bookstores this Thursday .
If you have any follow - up questions for Kevin , leave them in the comments !
I ’ll pass them along to him .
Tags
Burt Blumert , 1929 –2009
In every age , the idea of liberty needs benefactors , far - seeing people willing to make personal sacrifices so that each new generation is taught not to take freedom for granted , but rather to fight for it in every field of life .
That is necessary because the idea of liberty is n't really a product that can be provided either by private enterprise or , of course , its enemy the state .
It must be provided as a gift to civilization .
These are points taught to me by the life and work of Burton Samuel Blumert , one of liberty 's great benefactors .
He died at age 80 on the morning of March 30 , 2009 , after a long battle with cancer .
He would deny it , but his name deserves to go down in history as a person who served as a champion of freedom during his long life .
He was born in Brooklyn , and after attending NYU and NYU Law School , and being forced into the Air Force ( where the socialist regimentation made him a libertarian ) , Burt was a fundraiser for the American Jewish Committee and a store detective for a large retail establishment in NYC , searching out thieves .
Then he was offered a promotion , and also the chance to be a traveling manager of a chain of ladies hat shops mostly based in the South , which he loved .
However , the firm had a couple of stores in Northern California , and its first one at Hillsdale Mall , and Burt fell in love with the area .
Luckily , just at the time that " the evil JFK killed the hat , " as he put it , Burt had the chance to buy into a business that was also his hobby , Camino Coin in Burlingame .
Over the next decades , Burt built Camino into one of the most important dealers on the West Coast .
Indeed , the firm became internationally known for its prices and service .
Burt was also a Silicon Valley pioneer , joining all the coins dealers in the country in their first computer network for prices and news .
Xerox eventually bought the network .
During all this , his libertarianism was not neglected , however , nor his opposition to inflationary fiat money and the Federal Reserve .
He helped sponsor speaking engagements for such Austrian economists as Ludwig von Mises and Lenonard E. Read , and became a friend and benefactor of many libertarian scholars and activists , especially Murray N. Rothbard .
He served faithfully as chairman of the Mises Institute , succeeding Margit von Mises in that post .
He was a dear friend of Murray's , and stuck steadfastly by him when others bailed out on grounds that Murray was too radical or too independent as an intellectual .
Blumert saw that this genius needed support , and he provided it in every way .
Indeed , in the darkest days , he made the difference .
Rothbard was only one of many who benefited from his generosity and care .
Burt never wavered in his support , through thick and thin , providing excellent counsel and guidance at every step .
I know that I had come to depend on his unfailing friendship and judgment in a host of areas .
His support was more than financial ; he also offered his time and energy with great generosity .
He provided offices , the safekeeping of books , and personal encouragement to many libertarian scholars ; he linked up scholars with benefactors and publishers and employers , and even drove people to events big and small .
And he played an important role as proprietor of Camino , in turning customers into benefactors of libertarian and Austrian organizations .
He had a quiet way about him that was always utterly and completely sincere .
It was this feature of Burt that made him a good " salesman , " and he was legendary in that respect .
He loved helping people achieve financial independence .
But it was about more than just business to him .
He had the vision to see that ideas are more important than all the world 's goods .
It was this that he sought to give to the world .
His gifts for friendship and hospitality were also essential .
For many years , he served as master of ceremonies for Mises Institute events .
He was extremely comfortable , and successful , in asking for people 's support of this cause , because he was also a supporter himself .
In 2003 he was awarded the first Murray N. Rothbard Prize in celebration of his amazing contribution in a host of areas .
He believed he did n't deserve it , of course .
But we all sensed that Murray cheered as he accepted it : Attaboy , Burt , he often said .
Many people commented on Burt 's sense of humor .
It was pervasive , and unfailing in good times and bad .
Have a look at his wonderful collection of observations in his book Bagels , Bonds , and Rotten Politicians .
He used humor as a way of cutting through the ideological thicket created by the political moment , as a means to help people see and understand what truly matters .
It was something that many of us counted on for years .
The news would be filled with reports of ominous events and threats to life and property .
But Burt had a way of maintaining a refreshing distance , remembering what is important , and bringing humor to lighten the moment so that others could discern what really matters .
His political outlook was decidedly Rothbardian .
He saw politicians as predictable in their scammery and racketeering .
He saw the state as no more than a massive drain on society , something we could do well without .
War he regarded as a massive and destructive diversion of social resources .
Welfare he saw as a perverse system for rewarding bad behavior and punishing virtue .
Regulations on business he saw as interventions that benefitted the well - connected at the expense of the true heroes of society , who were pursuing enterprise with an eye to independence and profitability .
His main enemy was the inflationary state , and one reason he got into the business of precious metals was to battle paper money .
As a lifetime observer of the business cycle , he knew that paper - money and artificial - credit creation lead to illusions that would eventually dissipate .
So it was no surprise that he saw the latest bust coming early on .
As a resident of the Bay Area in Northern California , he was surrounded by illusions , but his knowledge of Austrian business - cycle theory permitted him to see through the fog .
There was a wonderful realism about his way of looking at society .
He hated the state for its sheer phoniness .
The paper dollar was just the beginning of it all , the most obvious symbol .
To Burt , all of the state 's glorious activities were an illusion , creating false booms with every action .
It was the sheer hypocrisy of statecraft that struck him the most .
Private markets too have their share of crooks , but at least they did n't sail under the cover of legal legitimacy .
Here is what he wrote about his favorite sport , boxing :
There is a refreshing quality about the world of boxing and the commissions that govern it : corruption is pure and unadulterated .
The road to ascendancy in the world of boxing has no moral detours .
For those who rise to the top , a stretch at Sing Sing is more valued than an Ivy League degree ( and the alumni connections more useful ) .
A murder indictment is equivalent to a graduate degree ( see the bio of impresario Don King ) .
There is no waste of resources in locating members for the athletic commission .
The marketplace assigns a dollar value on each appointment and the only concern is that the bills are unmarked .
Burt was a wonderful friend to have , a man of extraordinary generosity and sound judgment .
He was a living saint to libertarian intellectuals and a dear friend to the remnant that loves freedom .
He was self - effacing to the extreme , always sincerely and quickly giving credit to others and refusing it himself .
He was also a cook and host of great ability and generosity , and his home was a salon of liberty .
A longtime friend and supporter of Ron Paul , Burt chaired his 1988 Libertarian Party campaign for president , and cheered and supported his 2008 run .
Burt was also the founding publisher of LewRockwell.com , and an important writer for it .
So in his death , let us say what is true about him , simply because he would never let anyone say it about him in life .
Through his daily life and good works , his loyalty and indefatigability , he showed us a path forward , the very model of how a successful businessman can achieve greatness in a lifetime .
His legacy can be found in many of the books you read and in the massive growth of libertarianism in our times .
Signs of his works are all around us .
These were his gifts to the world .
And for those of us who knew him , Burt 's wonderful life and outlook are gifts to us of inestimable value .
We will miss him every day , but no day will ever pass when we are not inspired by his example .
May his great soul rest in peace .
Abc.comFrom Health magazine
Nurses get so little respect .
They deliver critical care to anyone whos sick — and constantly get grief from both patients and doctors .
But on hit comedy Scrubs , actress Judy Reyes gives as good as she gets as feisty nurse Carla Espinoza .
Reyes is no stranger to dealing with doctors and nurses :
Her sisters a licensed nurse practitioner , her dads had multiple surgeries , and her mom is a breast cancer survivor .
Health spoke with the 39 - year - old actress about giving nurses the props they deserve .
Q : Does your sister think your character gets nurses right ?
A : When she first saw the pilot , she said , “ You stole my character ! ”
She thinks I adopted her “ no bones , no bull ” attitude .
And her real love of the work .
She did inspire me , but I also trailed nurses at a few hospitals and I saw how confident and strong they were .
When interns come in , theyre all about earning their stripes , and they think they can boss you around because theyre doctors and youre a nurse .
But if youve been working in that hospital 9 or 10 years , they also have to rely on your expertise .
We exploit that tension for laughs on Scrubs .
Q : So that means patients can rely more on nurses than doctors ?
A : Rely on yourself first .
Ive learned that its super - helpful to inform yourself and trust your inquisitive instinct .
Ive made the rounds of hospitals and Ive seen how its easy to treat medical professionals , doctors or nurses , as gods .
Over time , you start to see that theyre human — capable of making mistakes .
My mom was misdiagnosed at first , and had she not been , she might have been able to keep her breast .
So dont be shamed into silence .
Q : Why do real nurses seem overworked and stressed out ?
A : Nurses are often delaying taking care of themselves to take care of others .
We think people in the health - care profession should live by example , but they dont .
I think my sister certainly takes better care of her patients and kids than she does of herself .
Thats hard .
Q : Now that shes been around awhile , has Carla become a role model for nurses in training ?
January 15 , 2009 at 10:48 am | sam | literature , news , science community
Holy crap !
JACS has decided to put art on its covers !!!!1!!
I think that ’s a terrible idea .
JACS was the only major chemistry journal not to frill up its cover with some bullshit pictures of some pseudosciencey research .
Now it ’ll probably go the way of Angewandte and have penguins and shit on its covers .
JACS used to be the classy journal of chemistry — a real gentleman ’s journal .
Now it ’s just another noisy mag on the shelf .
I encourage ACS to reverse their decision to deflower their flagship journal .
All the JACS β stuff on the website is cool .
If you want to make a JACS Facebook page and have podcasts where someone reads an entire paper word - for - word , that ’s fine with me .
Even the image challenges are cool ( even though I get 90 % of them wrong because I do n’t have the patience to read all the options ) .
But stay away from the beautiful , clean cover .
Maybe Google should change their homepage to look like Excite ?
Below is a recap of this past week 's election contest proceedings ; each day 's events are detailed in 650 words or less :
Monday , January 26th
Complete Summary : Day 1
The first day of the trial began at 11 AM CT , and each side presented their very dry opening remarks .
The proceedings progressed and the Coleman campaign called Kristen Fuzer , a " Political Director , " to the stand .
The witness spoke about two issues ; the Coleman campaign 's internal position regarding rejected absentee ballots and the process by which ballots were copied within the Coleman campaign .
The witness repeatedly stated that she was " not a lawyer " and was not in attendance for legal meetings .
One of the judges stated that her purpose , as a witness , was to " lay a foundation for the admissibility of the [ ballot ] copying issue . "
Ms. Fuzer stated , toward the end of her testimony , that it was possible for errors to have been made based upon the quantity of ballots that were reproduced .
Gloria Sonnet , a lawyer at the Minnesota firm Dorsey & Witney was then called to the stand .
Gloria was apparently responsible for the compilation of a ballot table used by the Coleman campaign , and later presented as evidence in Exhibits C1 and C2 .
The Exhibits contained some 5,000 absentee ballots which were classified , by the Coleman campaign , as wrongfully rejected .
The witness and a Coleman attorney began sorting through each ballot and verifying its classification ; was it rejected because of a signature mismatch , was it marked as accepted but never counted , etc .
The Franken campaign eventually objected to this process based upon the inherent errors within the Exhibits and the lack of prior documentation .
The court eventually recessed , and ruled that the Coleman campaign would have to use the original ballots and that these original ballots would have to be subpoenaed from each of Minnesota 's 87 counties .
Tuesday , January 27th
Complete Summary : Day 2
The second day of the trail was supposed to begin at 9 AM CT , but was delayed due to a private meeting regarding the logistics associated with the ballots presented in Exhibits C1 and C2 during yesterday 's proceedings .
The Coleman side , courtesy of Mr. Friedberg started by asking that Ms. Sonnen 's prior testimony be stricken from the record ; the Franken campaign objected , but only because they wanted to question the witness .
The events proceeded , because Ms. Sonnen was not present , with the Coleman campaign eventually presenting six witnesses whose absentee ballots had been rejected .
Each of these voters was notified by the Republican Party that their vote was not counted .
The common theme amongst all six of these Coleman witnesses centered around the voter 's claim of wrongful rejection , not necessarily the legality of each election judges rejection .
Jim Gelbmann , the Deputy Secretary of State , was designated by the Secretary of State 's office after a subpoena request , and was then called to the stand by the Coleman campaign .
While on the stand , Mr. Gelbmann initially discussed the circumstances under which wrongfully rejected absentee ballots were counted .
The Coleman campaign was attempting to show that these ballots were not treated equally by each of Minnesota 's 87 counties ; if this discontinuity could be proven , it would illustrate a breach in the adherence of the equal protection clause within the US Constitution .
Mr. Gelbmann was unable to provide any substantial evidence supporting the Coleman campaign 's theory ; instead Mr. Gelbmann stated that any specific inconsistencies would have to be addressed by the election worker who dealt with a specific ballot .
Mr. Gelbmann then spent the last thirty minutes addressing specific situations for accepting and rejecting absentee ballots in various counties , and the various processes used by these counties .
The day reached an end , but before the court adjourned the Franken campaign voiced a complaint regarding anomalies within new evidence submitted by the Coleman campaign ; both campaigns agreed to review the documents for errors and defects .
Wednesday , January 28th
Complete Summary : Day 3
At 9 AM CT , Jim Gelbmann resumed his position on the witness stand , a position he would occupy for the remainder of the day .
In the morning session Mr. Gelbmann 's testimony encompassed a variety of subjects relating to rejected absentee ballots .
Mr. Gelbmann stated that election officials created a 3a pile in which they examined the secrecy envelope to determine if there was a registration card within the absentee ballot envelope ; this determination was done by any means necessary without physically opening the envelope .
If there was a registration within the envelope , that vote may have been validly cast , despite the lack of prior registration .
Mr. Gelbmann discussed the scenario by which originally rejected absentee ballots were reclaimed as valid votes while Mr. Friedberg presented specific examples .
During the cross examination , Mr. Gelbmann was on the record stating that ballots were not intentionally counted twice .
Mr. Lillehaug then referenced several documents which facilitated further discussion on the topic .
Mr. Gelbmann established that there was a disagreement between the campaigns on the subject of ballot ownership ; the Coleman campaign believed that the secrecy envelopes were private data , while the Franken campaign believed they should be made public .
Mr. Gelbmann went on to say that the Secretary of State 's office eventually sided with the Franken position .
The morning session concluded with Mr. Gelbmann stating that " the decision of the local election officials should be assumed to be correct . "
After the lunch intermission , Mr. Lillehaug resumed the tedious process of reviewing email correspondence between the various parties involved in the recount .
The documents pertained to ballot duplication ; as such Mr. Gelbmann discussed the circumstances required for a ballot to be duplicated .
Mr. Lillehaug then referenced a letter written by Mr. Gelbmann regarding missing duplicates in eleven Brooklyn Park precincts .
Through Mr. Lillehaug questioning , Mr Gelbmann asserted that it was proper , under Minnesota statue , to count the original ballots in the case of any discrepancies .
Mr. Lillehaug then referenced Minneapolis Ward 3 Precinct 1 and Maplewood Precinct 6 in relation to Mr. Gelbmann 's prior assertion ; the Coleman campaign asserted that " found " ballots in these two precincts lead to counting errors .
Mr. Lillehaug then presented two other examples of " found " ballots ; Mr. Gelbmann stated that this second set of " found " ballots occurred in Republican leaning area's and that the Coleman campaign made no objections to there inclusion .
Thrusday , January 29th
Complete Summary : Day 4
Mr. Gelbmann reclaimed his position at the witness stand around 9:04 AM CT , after a brief discussion at the bench , and Mr. Lillehaug continued his line of questioning .
They first discussed the state funded training provided to each election auditor and election official .
This related to the re-review of rejected absentee ballots ; Mr. Gelbmann stated that during the reexamination of rejected absentee ballots , the election officials were not supposed to rely upon the reason presented on the secrecy envelope .
The process by which rejected absentee ballots were designated and counted as wrongfully rejected absentee ballots was then discussed .
Mr. Gelbmann talked about the 1,394 absentee ballots presented to the State Canvassing and the 654 rejected absentee ballots that were eventually presented by the Coleman campaign .
Mr. Lillehaug then lead a discussion on the specific processes employed by each county when submitting wrongfully rejected absentee ballots ; Mr. Lillehaug presented several examples from Yellow Medicine and Itasca County .
Mr. Gelbmann briefly discussed the process for challenging ballots before reading the State Canvassing board 's certified recount result ; after which , a recess took place .
Upon resumption , Mr. Friedberg , a Coleman attorney began his questioning .
Mr. Friedberg first tried to correlate the increase in absentee ballots submitted and the number of errors in the sorting and eventual counting of these ballots .
Mr. Gelbmann then discussed the procedure required to duplicate a ballot ; two election judges must be present , from differing political parties .
One judge reviews the original ballot while directing the other judge , who is manually creating a duplicate from a blank ballot .
The chain of custody was then discussed with regard to several precincts , specifically Maplewood Precinct 6 ; at this juncture the Coleman campaign moved to dismiss their own claim regarding Maplewood Precinct 6 .
The conversation was then redirected back toward the topic of wrongfully rejected absentee ballots , specifically with regard to the 401 ballots which were identified by election officials as wrongfully rejected absentee ballots , but never counted .
After lunch , the court decided to postpone Mr. Gelbmann 's testimony until the Coleman campaign presented two other witnesses whose absentee ballots were rejected ; again these voters were contacted by the Republican Party .
The first witness signed his ballot through the use of a computer , and as such his signatures were noted as not matching .
The second witness completed his ballot at Hastings City Hall in front of an election official .
In both cases , the Franken campaign asked the witnesses if they had any personnel knowledge relating to whether their voters were or were not counted ; in both cases the witness said they had no knowledge , outside of what the Republican Party had told them .
They both believed that their vote should be counted .
Mr. Gelbmann then went back to the stand and discussed some of the events presented by the two prior witnesses .
Mr. Friedberg then resumed the practice of allowing the witness to read a document before subsequently providing additional information relative to their experience .
Mr. Gelbmann then discussed a Minnesota law which allows voters who have already voted by absentee to cast another ballot , in person on election day ; only the ballot cast on election day counts .
Mr. Gelbmann then discussed Minnesota law relative to deceased voters .
Mr. Friedberg concluded his questioning , and Mr. Lillehaug asked Mr. Gelbmann to address the number of challenges put forth by each campaign and the number that were actually presented to the State Canvassing board .
Mr. Gelbmann 's three day marathon then ended .
Joe Mansky , the Ramsey County Election Director was then called to the stand by the Coleman campaign .
John Rock , a previously unheard of Coleman attorney , essentially sought to establish Mr. Mansky 's position as an election expert with years of experience .
He spoke about election day registration and the incidents that are subsequently filed by some precincts .
He also spoke about the various mechanisms by which these errors were reported .
Mr. Mansky then discussed , for the remainder of the day , the process by which election officials process and verify voter registrations .
Friday , January 30th
Complete Summary : Day 5
The fifth day of the trial began with Mr. Mansky at the witness stand .
Mr. Rock led Mr. Mansky through a discussion on inactive and active voters and their relevance to absentee voting ; inactive voters must essentially re-register in order to vote .
Mr. Mansky then articulated a multitude of legal ways by which a person could obtain a ballot and vote .
The conversation then looped back to absentee voting .
Mr. Mansky stated that there are two separate absentee ballots ; one for registered voters , and one for unregistered or inactive voters .
Mr. Mansky eventually discussed the procedures in place for alerting absentee voters of an error .
The error must be found more than five days from the election in order for the voter to be notified .
On a side note , I voted absentee for the primary and was notified of a witness hyphenation error ; they promptly sent me another ballot and my witness corrected the error .
Mr. Mansky then laid out the process by which absentee ballots are examined and eventually counted ; Mr. Mansky stated that the resources simply do not exist , in both time and man power , to investigate each ballot beyond its face value .
Mr. Rock then directed Mr. Mansky to discuss inherent errors within the counting system , Mr. Mansky responded by stating that election officials are instructed to err on the side of enfranchising voters .
Mr. Mansky later went on to list the rejection rate of absentee ballots in Ramsey County ; roughly 5 % out of a little less than 31,000 cast .
Mr. Rock then asked if any rejected absentee ballots should still be counted ; Mr. Mansky replied by saying that " a small group " of absentee ballots , no less than 61 , which remain rejected qualify to be counted .
The format of the questioning then shifted ; Mr. Rock preceded to present several exhibits containing rejected absentee ballots .
Mr. Mansky was then instructed to review each return envelope and registration form contained within each Exhibit , there were probably about 20 ballots total , and determine the reason for rejection .
In some cases the ballot was originally rejected , and forgotten , in others it was marked accepted but never counted and in other cases the ballot was placed in the pile of 954 ballots which were deemed to have been wrongfully rejected .
Mr. Mansky stated that several of the ballot which were never counted in any capacity should have been counted due to an error made by an election official .
Mr. Rock then presented a hypothetical situation to demonstrate the possibility of double counting ; there were 110 votes and 100 voters .
Based upon Mr. Rock 's scenario , Mr. Mansky agreed that double counting was a possibility .
Mr. Rock concluded his questioning of Mr. Mansky ; Mr. Hamilton stated that his cross examination would take " two to three " hours ; Mr. Mansky 's testimony will resume on Monday .
The next issue the court took heard related to two separate petitions ; one filed by 61 voters and represented by Charlie Nauen and the other by 7 voters and represented by Bruce D. Kennedy .
The 68 voters are seeking to have their rejected ballots counted .
Mr. Nauen spoke first and went on to say that Mr. Mansky just stated that two ballots from Ramsey County belonging to his group of 61 petitioners should have had their votes included in the wrongfully rejected absentee ballot pile .
A group of state attorneys and judges then addressed the three judge panel with respect to the previous petitions .
Bruce D. Kennedy then addressed the court ; Mr. Kennedy put forth the grounds under which the intervention was presented to the court .
After Mr. Kennedy concluded , Mr. Langdon , a Coleman attorney , stated that he also believes that these 68 ballots should be counted .
He stated that their are other voters with similar claims that deserve to have their votes counted .
Marc
Elias then took issue with the intervention process and the court took the issue under advisement .
Monday , February 2nd
Week 1 Auxiliary
Over the course of the last week there were seventeen documents released by the court ; the most important order is detailed below :
The Court being fully advised concludes that it is appropriate to dismiss Contestants ' Maplewood Precinct 6 Claim and St. Paul Ward 3 , Precinct 9 Claim .
Therefore , it is hereby ORDERED that Contestants ' Maplewood Precinct 6 Claim and St. Paul Ward 3 . Precinct 9 Claim be , and hereby are , DISMISSED WITH PREJUDICE .
Costs , if any will be addressed at a later date .
Dated : January 30 , 2009 .
Source : MNCourts.gov [ PDF ]
The Coleman campaign gave up on excluding some 199 anomalous votes that favored Franken by roughly 53 ; these precincts were listed in Coleman 's original election contest .
The only remaining precinct with potential custody issues is Minneapolis Ward 3 Precinct 1 ; it seems probable that Cindy Reichert , the Hennepin County Election Director , is the only person who can provide testimony with enough weight to settle this issue , one way or another .
She will be called to the stand , the question just remains , when ?
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement A formal complaint about Google 's Street View has been sent to the Information Commissioner ( ICO ) .
Drawn up by lobby group Privacy International ( PI ) , it cites more than 200 reports from members of the public identifiable via the service .
PI wants Street View shut down while the ICO investigates the service .
" The ICO has repeatedly made clear that it believes that in Street View the necessary safeguards are in place to protect people 's privacy , " said Google .
Privacy International ( PI ) director Simon Davies said his organisation had filed the complaint given the " clear embarrassment and damage " Street View had caused to many Britons .
Speaking to the BBC , Google boss Eric Schmidt , said : " We agree with the concerns over privacy .
" The way we address it is by allowing people to opt out , literally to take anything we capture that is inappropriate out , " he said " and we do it as quickly as we possibly can . "
He added : " We are getting controversy over street view because it is so successful .
It turns out that people love to see what is going on in their local community . "
Private and public Mr Davies said Street View fell short of the assurances given to the ICO that enabled the system to launch .
" We 're asking for the system to be switched off while an investigation is completed , " said Mr Davies .
" The Information Commissioner never grasped the gravity of how a benign piece of legislation could affect ordinary lives , " he added .
In July 2008 , the ICO gave permission for Street View to launch partly because of assurances Google gave about the way it would blur faces and registration plates .
Google has removed some images following complaints Since Street View launched in the UK on 19 March , PI has been contacted by many people identifiable via the service .
Among them were a woman who had moved house to escape a violent partner but who was recognisable outside her new home on Street View .
Also complaining were two colleagues pictured in an apparently compromising position who suffered embarrassment when the image was circulated at their workplace .
The ICO said it had received the complaint from PI and would respond " shortly " .
It added : " It is Google 's responsibility to ensure all vehicle registration marks and faces are satisfactorily blurred .
" Individuals who feel that an image does identify them ( and are unhappy with this ) should contact Google direct to get the image removed , " it added .
" Individuals who have raised concerns with Google about their image being included - and who do not think they have received a satisfactory response - can complain to the ICO . "
Safeguards " Data protection is a question of taking reasonable steps , " said Nick Lockett , an IT lawyer with DL Legal .
" If Street View is infringing privacy then almost anything you can do with data is going to be infringing privacy , " he added .
Struan Robertson , a legal director at Pinsent Masons , said he did not think the turning on of Street View would result in court action against Google for breaching privacy .
" That 's largely because we have got rulings from the courts on when a photograph risks privacy rights and when it does not , " he said .
The Manchester United star Christiano Ronaldo is blurred on a poster at Old Trafford - a wonderful example of what can happen when anxieties over our ' surveillance society ' collide with our ' celebrity culture '
Mark Easton 's blog Recent cases in the courts have revolved around whether the focus of a camera was on an individual .
Google 's Street View , which snaps the whole scene , would seem to pass that test , he said .
Responding to the filing of the complaint , Google described it as a " publicity stunt "
In a statement the firm said : " Before launching Street View we sought the guidance and approval of the independent and impartial Information Commissioner 's Office ( ICO ) . "
Google said the ICO had re-iterated its confidence that Street View did enough to protect privacy .
" The fact that some people have used the tools in place to remove images shows that the tools work effectively , " it added .
" Of course , if anyone has concerns about the product or its images they can contact us and we look forward to hearing from them , " it said .
Mr Davies said the ICO should take another look at Street View because of the promises Google gave about the efficacy of its face - blurring system .
In its complaint , PI said Google 's assertion that its face blurring system would result in a " few " misses was a " gross underestimation " .
This meant , said the complaint , that the data used for Street View came under Data Protection legislation which requires that subjects give permission before information is gathered .
" The promised privacy safeguards do not provide adequate protection to shield Street View from the general requirement of notice and consent , " said the complaint .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The second in what industry commentators believe will be a long series of phones based on the Google - backed Android mobile phone operating system has been announced by Vodafone at the Mobile World Congress .
Manufactured by HTC , who also produce the first Android phone handset , the G1 , the touchscreen phone , known as ' Magic ' , will feature Wi -Fi , a 3.2 megapixel camera and GPS capabilities , as well as an update to the Android operating system .
It will incorporate an onscreen keyboard rather than the slide - out keyboard of the G1 , a feature many believed gave it the edge over Apple 's iPhone , though the saved space also translates to a thinner design than its predecessor which was criticised as ' clunky ' .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Vodafone 's announcement will be seen as something of a coup by the mobile phone industry , where expectations were high that T - Mobile , who have exclusive distribution rights for the G1 in Europe and the US , would maintain the monopoly on distributing Android phones .
The Magic will be available in the UK , Germany , Spain , France and Italy , although an exact release date is yet to be confirmed .
Posted by faith on 01 Apr 2009 / 0 Comment
Krista recently did an analysis of a BBC profile of Egyptian women ’s participation in mosques and saw the BBC profile as an example of how to cover Muslim women .
The BBC has done another profile , this time of Gazan women dealing with domestic violence .
I think the BBC has once again demonstrated how to cover Muslim women .
With the exception of a few ethnocentric flubs , like telling us the women are in headscarves ( uh , we could tell from the pictures ) or saying that in eastern societies there is nowhere to turn for women in distress ( Eastern societies are n’t a monolith and this leaves out places that do aid women ) , the BBC article was spot -on and an impressive look at domestic violence in Gaza .
There ’s no blaming Islam or portraying Muslim men as “ evil bearded monsters out to kill their women ” .
The BBC gives us a nuanced look at the reason for the rise in domestic violence in the region , as well as how it ’s being addressed .
Reading the article , we see abuse victims in Gaza much the same way that we see abuse victims in any part of the world .
Like other abuse victims , it is hard to leave their abusive situation for a variety of reasons : economic hardships that might be incurred by leaving a family support system , not wanting to bring embarrassment to themselves or their family , not wanting to make a “ private ” situation public , etc .
While the reasons they may not want to leave maybe shared by other women around the world , the BBC rightly shows how the situation for women in Gaza is also unique .
There ’s no shelters for abused women in the area .
This is obviously an issue since victims of domestic violence need a safe place to stay for themselves and their families if they want to leave .
Without it , leaving the abusive situation is much harder .
Fortunately , there are clinics for the women to receive anti-depressants and therapy , but at the end of the day , they still have to return to the same situation .
The author , Katya Adler , also looks at Hamas ’ role .
She interviews a a female MP from Hamas , who seemed to be very honest and frank in her comments about the situation of women in general in Gaza , saying things like “ From the moment of birth , a baby boy is celebrated .
A baby girl is accepted . ”
Unfortunately , she did not really address what Hamas is doing to help victims of domestic violence as well as the perpetrators .
This is definitely a serious issue that Hamas has to address .
What I really appreciated about the article the most is the humanized look at what men in Gaza go through .
The BBC points out the economic and social pressure that men are under in Gaza and how this unfortunately drives some men to become abusive .
Adler points out how the blockade by Egypt and Israel has made it harder to Gazan men to find work and fulfill the societal gender role placed on them ( that of economic provider ) .
Abu Fahdi , a counselor and former abuser , sums up the situation for Gazan men in this quote :
“ For us , the war really begins after the military war is over , ” he told me .
“ Here in Gaza men are supposed to be providers .
The siege , the strikes , in one way or another they affect all households in Gaza – poverty , hunger , homelessness .
“ Men are really frustrated .
They sometimes take it out on their wives .
She ’s in front of them every day . ”
I ’m glad that Abu Fahdi gave this quote and was interviewed by the BBC , because it shows that domestic violence is definitely not a black or white situation for women or men and that there are a lot of factors that create ripe situations for domestic violence to occur .
While this quote may sound apologist in nature , it really gives a glimpse into why men take out their frustration on their wives and families .
Additionally , since Abu Fahdi is currently a counselor and former abuser , it definitely shows that an abuser does not always have to remain one .
Adler has produced a well - thought - out piece on domestic violence in Gaza that highlights the frustrations of both abusees and abusers without relying on stereotypes .
It was great to read an article that looked at the effect of economic deprivation suffered by Gazans , as well as economic and mental distress caused by the constant conflict with Israel on Gazan gender relations .
Healthy people who take a cheap five - in - one combination " polypill " of aspirin and cholesterol and blood pressure - ­lowering drugs , could slash heart disease and strokes by half , the authors of a study presented yesterday say .
The polypill concept has been around for some years , but the news from the American College of Cardiology annual conference brought it closer to a reality .
The combination drug , manufactured cheaply by an Indian generics company , has been tested in 412 volunteers .
Others in the trial in 50 centres in India , which included more than 2,000 people , took the blood pressure and cholesterol - ­lowering drugs individually .
The object of this early trial , also published online by the Lancet , was to see whether the cocktail of drugs in one pill worked as well as the drugs taken ­separately .
The researchers found that the Polycap , as the pill has been named , reduced blood pressure and heart rate just as effectively .
It also lowered cholesterol , but not quite as much as the statin it contains would have done on its own .
But the researchers , Dr Salim Yusuf of the Population Health Research Institute at McMaster University , Hamilton , Ontario in Canada , and Dr Prem Pais of St John 's Medical College in Bangalore , India , and colleagues point out that there are major advantages to combining five pills in one .
People who have been told they are at slight or moderate risk of a heart attack or stroke but are otherwise healthy are far more likely to take a single daily pill than a large number of different drugs .
The largest and most important target for the polypill would be the developing world , where heart attacks and strokes are soaring and a wide range of medicines are not available or are too expensive .
It would also find a market in wealthy countries , however , because of its convenience .
Each year almost 200,000 Britons are killed by heart and artery disease .
A fifth of all deaths before the age of 75 in men and 10 % of those in women are due to ­cardiovascular disease .
Professor Malcolm Law , from the ­Wolfson Institute of Preventive Medicine in London , who was one of the pioneers of the polypill , said : " We have long advocated the polypill as a safe and effective way of greatly reducing the incidence of heart attacks and strokes in the population .
" This study shows that it 's possible to make such a product that is effective and does n't have adverse side effects . "
He said a polypill such as the one used in the study would be easily affordable and greatly reduce the cost burden of doctors ' appointments , blood and cholesterol tests , and treatment .
" These drugs are off - patent and cost pennies , " said Law .
" You might be talking in terms of 50 p a day .
There 's no way it 's going to drain resources .
" It 's not going to make megabucks for anyone , but it 's a public health thing . "
The volunteers in the study had a relatively low risk of heart attacks and strokes .
Each had at least one risk factor , such as raised blood pressure , a smoking habit or obesity .
In a higher risk population , the polypill might be expected to reduce rates of heart attacks and strokes by around 75 % , said Law .
A one - page proof of Chaitin 's theorem
Definition :
An elegant program is the shortest program that produces a given output .
In other words , a program P is elegant if no program shorter than P produces the same output as P .
NOTE : " Program " here means code plus input data .
Every elegant program produces a single , unique ( but possibly infinite ) output .
Some obvious but important consequences of this definition are 1 ) every output from an elegant program is computable and 2 ) there are an infinite number of elegant programs , one for each possible computable output .
Theorem ( Chaitin ) :
It is not possible in general to determine whether or not a given program is elegant .
( In particular , it is not possible to determine whether or not a program P is elegant if P is larger than a certain threshold size . )
Proof by reductio :
Assume that there exists en elegance - testing program ET .
ET accepts as input a program P and outputs true if P is elegant and false if P is not elegant .
Construct a program B that takes as input a number N and enumerates all possible programs Pk longer than N. B runs the elegance tester ET on each enumerated program
Pk in turn until it finds some Pk which ET claims is elegant .
B then runs that Pk , thus producing the same output as that Pk .
Lemma : B must produce some output .
Proof :
There are an infinite number of elegant programs , as noted earlier .
So if ET works as assumed , B must eventually find one of those elegant programs whereupon it will produce that program 's output .
Now run B with N set to the length of B plus 1 ( See note 1 ) .
( This is the " threshold size " mentioned in the theorem . )
B now will produce the same output as some program Pk which ET claimed was elegant .
But Pk is longer than B , so Pk can not be elegant because B , which is shorter , produced the same output .
Therefore , ET was wrong when it claimed Pk was elegant .
QED .
NOTES
1. Strictly speaking we have to set N to the length of B plus the length of the bitwise representation of N , i.e. N=length ( B ) + ceiling ( log2 ( N ) ) +
1 . Showing that this is possible regardless of how long B turns out to be is left as an excercise for the reader .
2. J. P. Lewis wrote an interesting paper on some practical consequences of this result .
3 . If you really want to blow your mind , read this , particularly the last paragraph .
Assume that there exists a program H that solves the halting problem , that is , H takes two input parameters , a program P and an input I and returns true if P halts when run on input I , false otherwise .
Construct a program B that does the following : B accepts as input a program P and computes H ( P , P ) , that is , it calls H as a subroutine to determine if program P halts when run on a copy of itself as the input .
If the result from H is true then B enters an infinite loop , otherwise B halts ( that is , B does the opposite of what P would do when run on a copy of itself ) .
Now consider what happens if we run B on a copy of itself .
B will halt iff H ( B , B ) is false .
But H( B , B ) is false iff B does n't halt , which is a contradiction .
Therefore , our assumption is false , and H is impossible .
QED .
Turing 's original proof of this theorem was remarkable ( and complicated ) because in his day there were no computers .
Not only did Turing have to more or less invent the idea of a program , but he had to conceive of the rather mind - bending idea of running a program with a copy of itself as input .
Nowadays this is commonplace .
The unix command " cat `which cat` " is one of the simplest examples of a program operating on itself as input .
A compiler that compiles itself is another .
Life prolonging cancer drugs to be banned because they cost too much
Death sentence : Patients are to be denied life prolonging cancer drugs because they cost too much
Thousands of patients with terminal cancer were dealt a blow last night after a decision was made to deny them life prolonging drugs .
The Government 's rationing body said two drugs for advanced breast cancer and a rare form of stomach cancer were too expensive for the NHS .
The National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence is expected to confirm guidance in the next few weeks that will effectively ban their use .
The move comes despite a pledge by Nice to be more flexible in giving life - extending drugs to terminally - ill cancer patients after a public outcry last year over ' death sentence ' decisions .
L
eading campaigners last night said Nice had failed the ' acid test ' of whether it really intended to give new priority to people with just a few months to live .
One drug , Lapatinib , can halve the speed of growth of breast cancer in one in five women with an aggressive form of the disease .
Dr Gillian Leng ,
Nice deputy chief executive , said ' The committee concluded that Lapatinib is not a cost - effective use of NHS resources when compared with current treatment . '
Up to 1,500 stomach cancer patients also face a ban on Sutent – the only drug that can extend their lives .
Draft guidance by Nice said the drug should not be used even though it approved its use for kidney cancer last month .
Potatoes : One of the Good Guys
Some perfectly good foods have been unfairly smeared by a broad brush .
Potatoes are an example , deplored by nutrition advocates for how they are most often consumed  fried and heavily salted  and by the low - carb set for their high glycemic index .
In fact , potatoes are highly versatile , they are easily prepared in many delicious ways with little or no added fat , and they are nearly always consumed with other foods , which greatly reduces their effect on blood sugar .
And they are nutritious .
A five - ounce potato provides just 100 calories , for which you get 35 percent of a day ’s recommended vitamin C , 20 percent of the vitamin B6 , 15 percent of the iodine , 10 percent each of niacin , iron and copper , and 6 percent of the protein .
Try potatoes baked , boiled or steamed and topped with low - fat yogurt or sour cream seasoned with your favorite herbs or spices .
Beans , whether prepared from scratch ( soaked overnight and then cooked ) or taken from a can , are a low - cost nutritional powerhouse .
They are low in fat , rich sources of B vitamins and iron , and richer in protein than any other plant food .
When combined in a meal with a grain like rice ( preferably brown ) , bulgur or whole - wheat bread , the protein quality is as good as that of meat .
Cabbage , too , gives you more than your money ’s worth of nutrients , including vitamin C and potassium , at only 17 calories a cup eaten shredded and raw , 29 calories a cup when cooked .
Collards are high in vitamins A and C , potassium , calcium ( cup for cup , on a par with milk ) , iron , niacin and protein , and yet low in sodium and calories .
Kale has only 43 calories a cup when cooked .
In the fruit category , it ’s hard to beat apples for year - round , economical , nutritious and versatile fare that can be a part of any meal or served as a snack or dessert ( as in baked apples ) .
Bananas are also handy ; even when overripe , they can be mashed and used to make banana bread or a smoothie .
Here are some other tips for busy cooks concerned about nutrition and cost :
¶ Buy family - size packages of meat or poultry ; divide them up and freeze meal - size portions , labeled and dated .
Apparently , Twitter does n't need a business plan .
At least not for years to come .
" We 've got a ton of cash .
We have far more cash than we need , so I 'm not in any hurry , " said Todd Chaffee , General Partner at Institutional
Venture Partners , or IVP .
Chaffee , in an interview with Wired.com , says the microblogging service that is the darling of the social media set — and the object of a persistent drumbeat of questions about how and when it will actually earn any money — is well north of $ 50 million on the balance sheet .
And that , he said , can last them for years .
In fact , Twitter did not even actively seek out the current , third round of $ 35 million in funding lead by Benchmark Capital and IVP , Chaffee said .
It 's hard to argue with the endorsement an unsolicited $ 35 million windfall implies , but it's also difficult to ignore the parallels to an earlier era of tech investment enthusiasm , when eyeballs and market share were all that mattered and the thought of actually earning any operational revenue seemed oddly crude , inappropriate and unhip .
But Chaffee , who was also an earlier investor in Yahoo , is still brimming with optimism that the " if you build it they will eventually pay " approach will work .
" You essentially have this company which has these assets that 's turning into a very large media property , "
he said .
" When you have tens of millions or hundreds of millions of people actively engaged everyday , you ’ve got all sorts of monetization opportunities . "
Still , it 's not that they have n't thought about it .
Late last year Twitter investor Bijan Sabet told Wired.com it would unveil a business plan in early 2009 ( still time for that ) .
And Chaffee says they profiled a number of potential business models with Twitter before investing .
Without providing any specific details , he said that the platform offers much more than your usual online display advertising .
" Twitter has some unique ones like the ability to verify whether or not it ’s a real brand that ’s being promoted , " he said , noting that anything they do will likely be implemented gradually and in harmony with the service ( i.e. , no out - of - place banner ads ) .
Twitter will always remain free to anyone , however , which co-founder Biz Stone has made clear .
More and more brands are turning to Twitter to promote goods and provide feedback on products , but it is difficult to determine who is legit .
Burger King recently ran into a case of " brand jacking " with a fake Whopper Virgins account , and someone impersonating the Dalai Lama was escorted off Twitter only to be later reinstated with the mark " unofficial . "
Business model aside , Chaffee has some extremely high hopes for Twitter 's growth and potential , and says he typically has a self - proclaimed hatred for technology unless it improves your life .
“ Part of where this thing may go , it may supersede other communication channels , ” said Chaffee , who thinks Twitter could some day surpass e-mail and IM .
In general , Twitter has been slowly creeping its way into the mainstream with the help of big names like CNN news anchor Rick Sanchez , who chats with people live on his show , and some big time shout - outs at popular events like the 2009 Grammy Awards , which directed viewers to its
Twitter coverage .
It has also started ruffling some feathers in Congress .
" Twitter is growing at a phenomenal rate .
Active users have increased 900 percent in a year and even though our web traffic is amazing , we see twice that traffic to the APIs .
Interacting with Twitter over SMS
is also getting more popular every day , " writes co-founder Biz Stone on the Twitter blog .
Fred Wilson and Union Square Ventures participated in both the initial and second rounds of funding , where Twitter added two new partners , Sabet of Spark Capital and Jeff Bezos of Bezos
Expeditions in Seattle .
Peter Fenton from Benchmark will now be joining
Sabet and Wilson on Twitter ’s board of directors , and the new additions now give Twitter two major financial centers on both the East and West coasts .
At that time , Stone stated that the private funding " gives us the runway we need to stay focused on the infrastructure that will help our business take flight . "
There was then a CEO swap late in the year with Evan Williams replacing Jack
Dorsey which they said was a first step in that new direction .
And in
December it hired Kevin
Thau as its new Director of Mobile Business
Development .
This new round he says gives them even more leverage , and more time to figure out their business strategy — something that has been quite the hot topic among Twitterati for months .
" We are now positioned extremely well to support the accelerating growth of our service , further enable the robust ecosystem sprouting up around Twitter , and yes , to begin building revenue - generating products , " Stone said .
Facebook offered to acquire Twitter for $ 500 million of its stock several months ago , which also included a cash component , but they turned them down believing that Twitter could make do on its own over time — which seems to be the case in terms of growth at least .
Photo : helenpaint / Flickr
Human migration is an ancient , inevitable , and unstoppable global phenomenon .
Yet immigration is an issue that divides both conservatives and libertarians .
Some advocate a completely unhindered immigration policy ( “ open borders ” ) , while others favor a total moratorium on immigration for a period of time .
Most people are somewhere between these two extremes .
Although there are many differences among people of all parties about the economic , political , social , and cultural advantages of immigration , there is one thing that all sides should agree on : there is no “ right ” to immigrate if it means trespassing on someone else ’s property .
Some advocates of “ open borders ” just do n’t seem to get it .
It is bad enough that they insist , that the free market requires free immigration and that free trade and free migration go hand in hand .
It is worse , however , when they imply that those who support some restrictions on immigration are racists , xenophobes , and bigots .
I wish they would refrain from insinuating that any restriction on immigration is incompatible with laissez - faire capitalism I also want them to quit misrepresenting the views of their opponents .
The opposite of “ open borders ” is not “ closed borders . ”
Libertarians who reject “ open borders ” are not “ anti-immigrant ” or “ anti-immigration . ”
No proponent of restrictions on immigration wants to close the borders and completely end immigration — no matter how much he is concerned about immigrant lack of assimilation and immigrant use of taxpayer paid health , education , and social services ( on these issues , see also Stephen Cox , “ The Fallacy of Open Immigration , ” October 2006 ) .
“ Open borders ” libertarians in particular can be quite vocal about what they consider to be the fundamental human rights to move , associate , and contract .
Many of them will acknowledge that the right of individuals to move freely about the surface of the earth may be limited by the property rights of others .
But this , they say , is not true when it comes to public property , because public property is government property .
They reason that one cannot trespass on government property because governments are illegitimate and have no right to own property .
But are all governments illegitimate ?
Suppose a group of property owners voluntarily sets up a “ government ” in a geographical area and cedes it some property in the form of streets , parks , and office buildings , along with an annual appropriation for their upkeep .
Are residents of other geographical areas permitted to drive on the first group ’s streets and relax in their parks without permission because , after all , it is just public property ?
Even if it were true , as libertarian anarchists believe , that a governmental entity has no right to own property , all government - controlled property would actually be owned by the taxpayers , and uninvited immigrants would therefore be trespassers .
But whether a government that controls property is viewed as the legal owner or merely as the caretaker is irrelevant .
Surely citizens still prefer that all public property be managed as if it were privately owned , and this management must include basic rules regarding usage .
The ultimate goal should be to reduce the property of the state as much as possible .
But is it wise to allow people to drive on the wrong side of the public highways until they are all made private ?
The property along the northern , southern , eastern , and western borders of the United States is owned by individuals , associations of individuals , small businesses , corporations , local governments , state governments , and the federal government .
The same goes for the ownership of airports , ports , and any other points of entry .
Whether a governmental entity should or should n’t own an airport , a port , or property along the U.S. border is immaterial .
No one has a right to step foot on any piece of U.S. property ( public or private ) because no one in any country has the right to trespass on someone else ’s property — in his own country or in any other country .
The most diehard proponent of “ open borders ” and opponent of government as a legitimate property owner must at least agree that no matter who owns or claims to own the property in the United States , it certainly is n’t owned by anyone seeking to immigrate here .
The right to immigrate does n’t necessarily follow from the right to emigrate .
The freedom to move does not include or imply the freedom to trespass .
Under what circumstances , however , would advocates of some kind of a restricted immigration policy — and I ’m one — give three cheers for more immigrants ?
Most of us would simply prefer that , as An Act to Regulate Immigration ( 1882 ) required , “ any person unable to take care of himself or herself without becoming a public charge ” be denied entry to the country .
If this truly were the case , then the cheers would be immediately forthcoming .
I would give the first cheer for unrestricted immigration if public schools were not forced to educate people who are not American citizens .
In the case of Plyler v. Doe ( 1982 ) , the Supreme Court required the states to provide all children — American citizens or foreigners , legal immigrants or illegal immigrants — with a free public education .
The case began as a class action lawsuit on behalf of Mexican children in Texas who were in the United States illegally .
The state of Texas had passed a law in 1975 that denied state funds for the education of children not “ legally admitted ” to the United States .
Although the Court acknowledged that “ unsanctioned entry into the United States is a crime , ” and that “ those who have entered unlawfully are subject to deportation , ” the Court ruled that the Texas statute violated the “ equal protection ” clause of the 14th amendment .
Now , public schools are now not allowed to question the immigration status of families seeking to enroll their children .
Some states even allow long - term unauthorized immigrants to receive in - state tuition at state colleges and universities if they meet certain requirements .
This is a direct consequence of unrestricted immigration .
Yes , the federal government should not have any control over local schools .
And yes , state - supported education should be eliminated .
But as long as we have it , it should be limited to legal residents .
They are , after all , the ones who can be billed for it .
I would give a second cheer for unrestricted immigration if hospitals were not forced to provide health care to those with no ability to pay .
As part of the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985 ( PL 99-272 ) , Congress included the Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act , which states that hospitals that receive federal assistance , participate in the Medicare program , or are nonprofits cannot deny emergency treatment to anyone — including non-citizens and illegal aliens — because of an inability to pay .
This includes pregnant women in labor .
The result of this law is that hospitals in border states like California , Arizona , New Mexico , and Texas are forced to spend millions of dollars treating the “ emergencies ” of illegals lest they are charged with “ patient dumping . ”
Some of this money is reimbursed by — you guessed it — the American taxpayers .
The children of both legal and illegal immigrants born in the United States are granted instant citizenship by the current interpretation of the constitution , and “ anchor babies ” account for about 50 percent of all immigrant births in the southwestern border states .
Again :
The federal government should not require any business to serve any customer .
The federal government should not have any control over healthcare .
But as long as we have laws like this , free health care , like free public education , should be limited to Americans who can be billed for it .
I would give the third cheer for unrestricted immigration if welfare benefits were not available to immigrants .
Opponents of “ open borders ” have unfortunately discredited that position with erroneous statements about immigrants — legal or otherwise — coming here so they can receive generous welfare benefits .
That may have been true to some extent before 1996 , but can not be said to be the case now .
Up until 1996 , some federal programs prohibited illegal immigrants from receiving benefits , others mandated benefits regardless of immigration status , and still others did not address the issue .
The Personal Responsibility and Work Opportunity Reconciliation Act of 1996 ( PL 104-193 ) , better known as the Welfare Reform Act , excluded undocumented immigrants from most federal welfare programs and gave states the option to restrict immigrant access to other public benefits .
Nevertheless , some welfare programs are still open to illegal immigrants , while others are only available to “ qualified aliens . ”
The U.S. welfare system has a complex maze of rules and regulations , and especially as it relates to immigrants .
I will try to summarize benefit eligibility for both classes of immigrants , legal and illegal .
Undocumented ( illegal ) immigrants are not eligible for Supplemental Security Income ( SSI ) , the Earned Income Tax Credit ( EITC ) , food stamps , Temporary Assistance to Needy Families ( TANF ) , or Medicaid .
They are eligible for Infants and Children ( WIC ) , the National School Lunch Program , Head Start , emergency disaster relief , and non-Medicaid funded public health services such as immunizations and testing for communicable diseases .
The availability of welfare benefits for aliens depends on how long they have been in the country and whether they were here before August 22 , 1996 ( the enactment date of the Welfare Reform Act ) .
Legal immigrants are , of course , eligible for the same assistance as illegal immigrants : WIC , Head Start , etc .
The difference between the two classes of immigrants concerns their eligibility for SSI , the EITC , food stamps , TANF , and Medicaid .
SSI benefits are available to legal immigrants if they were receiving SSI before August 22 , 1996 , or were disabled subsequently .
The benefits are available to other legal immigrants only if they have both been here for five years and have ( or have in combination with parent or spouse ) forty “ quarters of coverage ” from working .
The EITC is available to anyone with earned income who files a tax return .
Since the EITC is a refundable tax credit , it is possible to not pay any income taxes and still receive a tax refund .
Legal immigrants are eligible for food stamps once they have been in the country for five years , but those who were receiving food stamps before August 22 , 1996 , and were sixty - five or older at the time , or disabled , or disabled subsequently , as well as those who are under eighteen , are also eligible for food stamps .
Federal TANF assistance is available at the option of each individual state .
This aid is a state option ( using federal money ) for legal immigrants who have lived in the country for five years ; it is a state option ( using state money ) for those who do not meet the federal residence requirement .
According the Department of Health and Human Services , about 100,000 “ qualified ” immigrants (! ) are receiving TANF assistance .
Medicaid is generally only available to legal immigrants after they have lived in the country for five years , and only at the discretion of the individual states .
Yes , the plethora of federal welfare programs should be eliminated .
Likewise , every federal income transfer program ought to be eliminated .
No American should have a portion of his income confiscated and redistributed to another American .
In the meantime , however , citizens are clearly giving welfare benefits of many kinds to noncitizens , usually without their knowledge .
The astute reader will notice that I gave some reasons why , under certain conditions , I would be willing to give three cheers for unrestricted immigration , but that I did not say “ open borders . ”
“ Open borders ” means , in essence , that there is no border and hence no immigration .
Any number of people from any country for any reason can come and go across any U.S. border just as if it were n’t there .
Criminal on the run — we welcome you to our country .
Disease carrier — please do n’t breathe on us .
Islamic terrorist — we hope you will live peaceably among us .
Advocate of Reconquista — come on down .
Does “ open borders ” really mean “ open borders ” ?
What else are we to make of this statement on immigration from the 2004 Libertarian Party Platform ?
We call for the elimination of all restrictions on immigration , the abolition of the Immigration and Naturalization Service and the Border Patrol , and a declaration of full amnesty for all people who have entered the country illegally .
If there are no restrictions , no INS , and no border patrol , then there is nothing to prevent anyone who can make it across the non-existent border from coming to the United States .
( Fortunately , the Libertarian Party has significantly changed its statements on immigration in its latest platform . )
With “ open borders ” it would be entirely permissible for the whole population of Mexico to walk across the border and permanently turn the entire Southwest into a Newer Mexico .
It would be aggression against them if anyone tried to stop them .
Being indifferent to a massive influx of immigrants — still more massive , surely , than anything we see today — is ludicrous ; claiming that it would never happen is evading the issue .
Unrestricted immigration is still immigration , and as such recognizes that the United States has borders that should be respected .
Even the National Council of La Raza ( NCLR ) , the largest national Hispanic civil rights organization , is opposed to illegal immigration , open borders , and amnesty programs .
It is hard to take some conservative advocates of “ open borders ” very seriously because they are so inconsistent .
They reject the idea of the state limiting immigration as incompatible with the free market , then turn around and support government - managed trade agreements instead of real free trade , and taxpayer - funded vouchers for education instead of a free market in education .
“ Open borders ” libertarians can go even farther astray .
The right of a nation to control non-citizens who enter its borders in no way implies a right to control the movement of citizens who exit them .
Likewise , there is no comparison between a border fence , which is designed to keep people out , and the Berlin Wall or the Warsaw Ghetto , which were designed to keep people in .
It is also wrong for “ open borders ” libertarians to imply that libertarian opponents of “ open borders ” are a small minority who have adopted a bizarre theory , especially when this group is anything but small and includes such libertarian icons as Ludwig von Mises , Murray Rothbard , and Ron Paul .
Writing during World War II , after he had immigrated to America , Mises advocated restricting the access of whole peoples to America ’s frontiers :
These considerations are not a plea for opening America and the British Dominions to German , Italian , and Japanese immigrants .
Under present conditions America and Australia would simply commit suicide by admitting Nazis , Fascists , and Japanese .
They could as well surrender directly to the Fűhrer and to the Mikado .
Immigrants from the totalitarian countries are today the vanguard of their armies , a fifth column whose invasion would render all measures of defense useless .
America and Australia can preserve their freedom , their civilization , and their economic institutions only by rigidly barring access to the subjects of the dictators .
Writing after the end of the cold war , Murray Rothbard rejected “ open borders ” :
On rethinking immigration on the basis of the anarcho - capitalist model , it became clear to me that a totally privatized country would not have “ open borders ” at all .
If every piece of land in a country were owned by some person , group , or corporation , this would mean that no immigrant could enter there unless invited to enter and allowed to rent , or purchase , property .
A totally privatized country would be as “ closed ” as the particular inhabitants and property owners desire .
It seems clear , then , that the regime of open borders that exists de facto in the U.S. really amounts to a compulsory opening by the central state , the state in charge of all streets and public land areas , and does not genuinely reflect the wishes of the proprietors .
Were Mises and Rothbard merely pseudo - libertarians ?
Certainly , there are fallacies on both sides of this debate .
Contrary to what many opponents of open borders appear to believe , the fact that Mexico has very stringent immigration laws is irrelevant .
Our immigration policy should be based on what is just , humane , and beneficial for the United States , not a policy formulated or influenced by Mexican immigration policies , however illogical they may be .
I am also not impressed by arguments that we should disparage illegal immigrants merely because they came here illegally .
I am more concerned about illegals taking advantage of the laws that aid them than about their violating the law by entering illegally .
About 800,000 legal immigrants enter the United States every year .
About 150,000 of them have refugee or asylee status .
Over half come from Latin America .
There are about three million children in the United States who are citizens but whose parents are here illegally .
About 12 % of American residents were not born in this country .
I am not saying that these things are good or bad .
I have expressed my opposition to “ open borders , ” and have mentioned the circumstances under which I might give three cheers for unrestricted immigration .
I have also said nothing about passports , visas , deportation rules , guest worker programs , quotas , amnesty , or profiling .
( But can it really be argued that it would make no difference from which country a massive influx of immigrants arrived on our shores ? )
Because we have a state , because we have a border , because we have public property , because we have a welfare system , because we have birthright citizenship , because we have an interventionist foreign policy that incites hatred against the United States , because we have the War on Drugs , because we have a corrupt government , and because we have a huge and inefficient immigration bureaucracy — the issue of immigration ( legal or otherwise ) is not an open and shut case .
There are many “ solutions ” to the immigration problem , but throwing open the borders is no solution at all .
I have concentrated on citizenship as a solution to the immigration problem .
There should be a distinction between citizens , whether native born or naturalized , and immigrants , legal or illegal , when it comes to the benefits of citizenship .
Birthright citizenship should be ended — immediately .
But even with a focus on citizenship , one still cannot ignore the border .
It is not true , as some advocates of “ open borders ” insinuate , that calls for restrictions on immigration have to lead to employer sanctions , making criminals out of landlords , domestic spying programs , a national registry of workers , national ID cards , the destruction of civil liberties , or a police state — not if the focus is on the border .
If an immigrant still manages to enter the country illegally , then he should be on his own .
In addition to no free public schooling , no free medical care , and no welfare benefits , there should be no affirmative action privileges , no community reinvestment acts , no mandatory bilingual education , no minimum wage laws , no hate - crime laws , no antidiscrimination laws , no fair housing laws , and no subsidies of any kind .
All official government business should be conducted in English .
As mentioned above , the statements on immigration in the 2006 Libertarian Party Platform have significantly changed .
Now we see a healthy emphasis on securing the borders : Ensure immigration requirements include only appropriate documentation , screening for criminal background and threats to public health and national security .
Simplifying the immigration process and redeployment of surveillance technology to focus on the borders will encourage the use of regular and monitored entry points , thus preventing trespass and saving lives .
End federal requirements that benefits and services be provided to those in the country illegally .
Repeal all measures that punish employers for hiring undocumented workers .
Repeal all immigration quotas .
Regardless of how many immigrants show up at the border , regardless of where they come from , regardless of why they are here , and regardless of how restricted or unrestricted U.S. immigration policy is , immigrants should be required to enter lawfully .
I do n’t mind visitors to my home , but instead of hopping my fence , climbing through a window , and then announcing that they are here , I want them to knock , ask permission to enter , and then come through the front door .
This article originally appeared in the January - February 2009 issue of Liberty .
The Best of Laurence M. Vance
By Daniel Emery
Technology reporter , BBC News
Victims are trying to understand why the massacre happened
In the aftermath of the fatal school shooting in Germany - where 17 - year - old Tim Kretschmer murdered 15 people before turning the gun on himself - police said Kretschmer had posted a warning of his attack on the internet .
Less than 24 hours after the attack , Wurttemberg 's Interior Minister - Heribert Rech - had read out a message thought to have been posted by Kretschmer .
" I have weapons here , and I will go to my former school tomorrow and then I will really do a grilling you will hear of me tomorrow .
Remember the place 's name : Winnenden . "
But it is now looking probable that the internet posting was a hoax .
" Doubts emerged during the afternoon about the veracity of the entry in the internet chatroom .
Of course every piece of information , especially concerning this entry , is being vigorously examined , " Waiblingen police said in a statement .
The German internet site - www.krautchan.net - on which the message was alleged to have been posted , has been temporarily shut down .
On its homepage , a message apparently from the website owners says : " No killing spree was announced here " .
Tim Kretschmer was treated for depression in 2008 " We do n't know what exactly the authorities claim to have found on the perpetrator 's PC .
Maybe he visited the site , but he definitely did n't write the post that went through the news , because that one never existed , " it contested .
So was it fake and if so , how ?
And if it was , why were the police and the world 's media taken in ?
Source watch Speaking to the BBC , Thomas Maile - a spokesman for Waiblingen Police - said the tip - off arrived via e-mail .
" A police officer got two e-mail messages , I do n't know if they were URL links or an attachment , that 's something we are checking now .
Either way , the apparent warning was traced back to Kratchan .
net .
This is an image hosting site , rather than a pure chatroom , which means users can post images , as well as text .
According to the owners of the site , no such warning was ever posted .
They say they have trawled their site and have found posts that could be from Kretschmer , with the same time and date stamp as the apparent warning , but that the purported warning itself does not exist on their server .
" No killing spree was announced here , there are only people who know how to use Photoshop , " the site said on a statement .
That statement holds a clue as to how a warning could have been faked .
The alleged internet warning
Krautchan.net said this was the only relevant post they could find on their site
One way would be to use image manipulation software - such as Photoshop or Paint Shop Pro - to create a fake message that would look similar to the original , but with different content .
Because Krautchan.net is an image hosting site - rather than a true chatroom - it would be very easy for someone then to upload that doctored image .
Of course , the warning would have appeared as an image , rather than text embedded in the site , which should have set alarm bells ringing - except that , as soon as news of the warning came out , the website collapsed under the sheer number of people trying to log onto the site .
Once that happened , it was impossible to check the veracity of the warning ; the only thing the world 's media had to go on was the word of German authorities .
" At the time we had no contact with the website , which was based in the US .
Now we are in contact with them and have support from police in the US .
We have written to them and now we will wait to see what they have to say , " said Mr Maile .
Past history
It is very easy to see why the German authorities thought the warning was real .
Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold - who murdered 12 people at Columbine High School on 20 April 1999 - posted violent threats directed at students and teachers at the school on their own website .
Cho Seung - hui , who murdered 32 people in a three - hour rampage at Virginia Tech , submitted essays as part of his creative writing course that were so disturbed , his professor referred him to counselling .
He subsequently created a long , ranting video , to be broadcast after his killing spree , in which he described his fellow students as " brats " , " snobs " and " rich kids " , who he said had " raped his soul " and forced him to do what he did .
The posting on Columbine killer Eric Harris 's website gave an insight into his plans A US study in 2001 , which examined 37 separate school shooting incidents , determined that none of them were impulsive actions .
" It was not a case of a kid getting up in the morning and saying , ' I 'm going to take a gun to school today and shoot somebody ' , '' said Bryan Vossekuil , co-director of the Secret Service 's Safe School Initiative , which conducted the study .
Centre of attention Looking at the image that contained the apparent warning and the post that Krautchan .
net claims are the posts they found on the site , one can see how easy it would be to change one into the other .
" The message we received could be fake .
But the postings [ on Krautchan.net ] could also be fake .
All pictures on the internet can be fake .
We need to speak to the host and find out what is real and what is n't , " said Mr Maile .
So if the message was faked , why would someone do it , especially on a story that has devastated so many lives and shocked people across the globe ?
Speaking to the BBC , Professor Andrew Silk - a criminal psychologist at the University of East London - said in most cases , it was attention seeking .
" In some ways it 's similar to people claiming responsibility for crimes they did n't commit .
Humble was jailed in 2006 for misleading the Ripper investigation " Some are delusional , with mental health issues , while others are seeking attention and trying to create a stir .
" They are seeing the world 's media get whipped up and they know they caused it , even though they [ the person creating the hoax ] know they are anonymous .
They feel linked to the story and that 's what drives then , " he said .
There have been other infamous hoaxes in the past .
In 2006 John Humble was sentenced to eight years for perverting the course of justice over the Yorkshire Ripper killings .
His admission brought an end to the " Wearside Jack " mystery - the nickname given to the caller behind the infamous bogus tapes which claimed to have been made by the killer .
Thomas Maile said police would take a dim view on the author , if the internet warning proved to be a hoax .
" If this is a fake , and we know who that person [ who created the internet post ] is , then we would want to speak with them . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
As part of my dive into the Collective Intelligence series , I ’ve found myself many times taking code that was written in an imperative coding style and moving it towards a pure functional style with immutable data structures instead of ones , the application of functions instead of for loops ( which is an upcoming post ) , and the elimination of state .
This was also a major part of my talk this past weekend at the Philly .
NET code camp on Functional Programming in .NET .
Recently , Chris Smith , of the F# team fame , wrote a post on F# and the PFX Round 1 in which he tackles the problem of solving the Shortest Path Problem .
I had an earlier post on the subject when talking about transposing maps so that we can change a person centric map to an item one , and to also fill in the matrix of cities and distances .
But , back to the problem at hand , Chris first tackles the problem using C# and its overly verbose syntax for the problem at hand , and then proceeds to solve it using F# and the ConcurrentDictionary which is part of the upcoming Parallel Extensions for .NET in the 4.0 CLR release .
Stepping back for a second , I thought to myself , the ConcurrentDictionary being a mutable collection , I decided to see if I could rewrite this using nothing but immutable collections and the write in a pure way so that IO does not take place , and instead returns the answer .
The Rewrite
One thing I like to do is sometimes go to Haskell as the language of choice in order to solve the problem functionally .
Languages such as F# and Scala are more pragmatic in terms of using imperative and object oriented constructs , but my goal here is to solve in a completely functional manner without any “ cheating ” .
The first task was to transpose and combine the map so that I fill out the matrix of connections between cities and distances between them .
In order to do this , we must fold the outer map with a seed of the incoming map , then fold the inner map , and then transpose the values onto the new outgoing map .
Below is the code implementation of that :
import Prelude hiding ( lookup ) import Data .
Map ( Map (.. ) , ( ! ) , empty , findWithDefault , foldWithKey , fromList , insert , lookup ) data City = Boise | LosAngeles | NewYork | Seattle | StLouis | Phoenix | Boston | Chicago | Denver deriving ( Show , Eq , Ord ) type CityMatrix = Map City ( Map City Int ) transposeCombine :: ( Ord k ) => Map k ( Map k a ) ->
Map k ( Map k a ) transposeCombine m = foldWithKey transpose m m where transpose k1 m ' acc = let transposeInner k2 v acc ' = insert k2 ( insert k1 v $ findWithDefault empty k2 acc ' ) acc ' in foldWithKey transposeInner acc m '
Now that we have defined the transposeCombine , we can now take our matrix and fill it out completely with our given cities and distances between the waypoints .
distanceBetweenCities :: CityMatrix distanceBetweenCities = transposeCombine $ fromList [ ( Boise , fromList [ ( Seattle , 496 ) , ( Denver , 830 ) , ( Chicago , 1702 ) ] ) , ( Seattle , fromList [ ( LosAngeles , 1141 ) , ( Denver , 1321 ) ] ) , ( LosAngeles , fromList [ ( Denver , 1022 ) , ( Phoenix , 371 ) ] ) , ( Phoenix , fromList [( Denver , 809 ) , ( StLouis , 1504 ) ] ) , ( Denver , fromList [ ( StLouis , 588 ) , ( Chicago , 1009 ) ] ) , ( Chicago , fromList [ ( NewYork , 811 ) , ( Boston , 986 ) ] ) , ( StLouis , fromList [ ( Chicago , 300 ) ] ) , ( Boston , fromList [ ( StLouis , 986 ) ] ) , ( NewYork , fromList [ ( Boston , 211 ) ] ) ]
When we call the transpose inside of our distanceBetweenCities function which for example will ensure that LosAngeles will now be linked to Denver , Phoenix and Seattle .
Now that we have our complete matrix , we can now define our shortestPathBetween function which takes two cities and will return a tuple of the total distance traveled and a list of cities visited on our journey .
As we visit each city , we determine if we ’ve been there before , and if we have n’t , we ’ll add it to our list , and if not , we ’ll determine whether it is the optimal distance .
If the distance is the most optimal , we ’ll add , else we ’ll continue on with the folding through the collection .
Below is a representation in Haskell on how to do this .
You ’ll notice the bang notation for indexes on a map .
For lists , that notation should n’t usually be used , but for maps is quite acceptable .
shortestPathBetween :: City -> City -> ( Int , [ City ] ) shortestPathBetween startCity endCity = shortestPaths !
endCity where shortestPaths = searchForShortestPath startCity 0 [ ] empty searchForShortestPath currentCity distanceSoFar citiesVisitedSoFar accMap = --
Go through each destination let visitDestinations m = foldWithKey accSearch m $ distanceBetweenCities !
currentCity where accSearch city distance = searchForShortestPath city ( distance + distanceSoFar ) ( citiesVisitedSoFar ++ [ city ] ) --
Insert a destination insertDestination = visitDestinations $ insert currentCity ( distanceSoFar , citiesVisitedSoFar ) accMap --
Is this an optimal route ? in case M.lookup currentCity accMap of Nothing -> insertDestination Just ( shortestKnownPath , _ ) -> case distanceSoFar < shortestKnownPath of True -> insertDestination _ -> accMap
Given this function , we can now calculate the distance between Seattle and New York such as the following in GHCi :
* Main > shortestPathBetween Seattle NewYork ( 3009 , [ Boise , Chicago , NewYork ] )
But I do n’t want to leave the original language out of a possible solution as well , so let ’s revisit the solution using F# as well .
As always , you can find the complete code here .
The F# Solution
As above , we need to define the the transposeCombine function .
In Haskell , I made judicious use of the let in and where as to not need any lambda expressions to keep my code concise and highly readable .
When implementing in F# , it ’s important to use operators such as the forward or the tupled forward to help us make the code a bit more concise .
# light [ < AutoOpen > ] module Operators = let ( ||> ) ( x , y ) f = f x y module Map = let transposeCombine m = ( m , m ) ||> Map.fold_left ( fun acc k1 m ' -> ( acc , m ' ) ||> Map.fold_left ( fun acc ' k2 v -> acc ' |> Map.add k2 ( Map.add k1 v ( defaultArg ( acc ' |> Map.tryfind k2 ) Map.empty ) ) ) ) type City = | Boise | LosAngeles | NewYork | Seattle | StLouis | Phoenix | Boston | Chicago | Denver
Now that we have this in place , we can now concentrate on the implementation of our shortestPathBetween function which once again , takes a start city and end city and returns a tuple of total distance and a list of all cities visited .
The only real differences between the F# version and Haskell is the elimination of the lambda expressions in the Haskell version and the reordering using the let / in and where statements .
The rest should stay the same in terms of name and intent :
let shortestPathBetween startCity endCity = let rec searchForShortestPath currentCity distanceSoFar citiesVisitedSoFar accMap = let visitDestinations m = ( m , distanceBetweenCities.[currentCity ] ) ||> Map.fold_left ( fun acc city distance -> searchForShortestPath city ( distance + distanceSoFar ) ( citiesVisitedSoFar @ [ city ] ) acc ) match Map.tryfind currentCity accMap with | None -> accMap |> Map.add currentCity ( distanceSoFar , citiesVisitedSoFar ) |> visitDestinations | Some x -> let ( shortestKnownPath , _ ) = x if distanceSoFar < shortestKnownPath then accMap |> Map.add currentCity ( distanceSoFar , citiesVisitedSoFar ) |> visitDestinations else accMap let shortestPaths = searchForShortestPath startCity 0 [ ]
Map.empty shortestPaths.[endCity ]
So , as you can see , we can create rather concise algorithms for finding the shortest distance between the two cities using immutable data structures , the application of functions , and the lack of state .
You can find the full source for the F# solution here .
Conclusion
Where does this leave us ?
Well , because we ’re using immutable data structures , it can lead to any number of optimizations .
This is not to say that automatically because we ’re having no side effects and immutable data structures , that we ’ll automatically be able to parallelize our functions , as some algorithms may be harder than others to accomplish that task of mass parallelization .
But , it does give us a path forward for thinking about these problems in new ways .
Of course there are other algorithms to explore in this area as well which includes Dijkstra ’s algorithm , A* , Floyd - Warshall among others .
Emerging market crises are marked by an increase in tunneling – i.e. , borderline legal / illegal smuggling of value out of businesses .
As time horizons become shorter , employees have less incentive to protect shareholder value and are more inclined to help out friends or prepare a soft exit for themselves .
Boris Fyodorov , the late Russian Minister of Finance who struggled for many years against corruption and the abuse of authority , could be blunt .
Confusion helps the powerful , he argued .
When there are complicated government bailout schemes , multiple exchange rates , or high inflation , it is very hard to keep track of market prices and to protect the value of firms .
The result , if taken to an extreme , is looting : the collapse of banks , industrial firms , and other entities because the insiders take the money ( or other valuables ) and run .
This is the prospect now faced by the United States .
Treasury has made it clear that they will proceed with a “ mix - and - match ” strategy , as advertized .
And people close to the Administration tell me things along the lines of “ it will be messy ” and “ there is no alternative . ”
The people involved are convinced – and hold this almost as an unshakeable ideology – that this is the only way to bring private capital into banks .
This attempt to protect shareholders and insiders in large banks is misguided .
Not only have these shareholders already been almost completely wiped out by the actions and inactions of the executives and boards in these banks ( why have n’t these boards resigned ? ) , but the government ’s policy is creating toxic financial institutions that no one wants to touch either with equity investments or – increasingly – further credit .
Policy confusion is rampant .
Did the government effectively sort - of nationalize Citigroup last Thursday when it said Vikram Pandit will stay on as CEO ?
If that was n’t a nationalization moment ( i.e. , an assertion that the government is now the dominant shareholder ) , what legal authority does the Treasury have to decide who is and is not running a private company ?
Will debtholders be forced to take losses and , if so , how much and for whom ?
As part of last week ’s Citigroup deal , preferred shareholders – whose claims had debt - like characteristics – were pressed into converting to common stock .
You may or may not like forced debt - for - equity swaps , but be aware of what the prospect of these will do to the credit market .
Junior subordinated Citigroup debt ( securities underlying enhanced trust preferred shares ) were yesterday yielding 26 % .
Who can explain exactly how AIG has lost so much money ?
Drip - drip injections of government money are not a proper clean - up ; there has been no complete recognition of losses and , almost six months later , that company still cannot move on .
Time horizons presumably remain short or are getting shorter for all involved .
This points to a bleak future more generally .
What do rapidly widening credit default spreads for nonbank financial entities ( such as GE Capital and many insurance companies ) signify ?
Is it something about expected behavior by the insiders or by government , or by some combination of both ?
Confusion in policy breeds disorder in companies , and disorder leads to the loss of value .
This is the reality of severe crises wherever they unfold ; we have not yet reached the worst moment .
And , of course , there are many more shocks heading our way – mostly from Europe , but also potentially from Asia .
The course of policy is set .
For at least the next 18 months , we know what to expect on the banking front .
Now Treasury is committed , the leadership in this area will not deviate from a pro-insider policy for large banks ; they are not interested in alternative approaches ( I ’ve asked ) .
The result will be further destruction of the private credit system and more recourse to relatively nontransparent actions by the Federal Reserve , with all the risks that entails .
The road to economic hell is paved with good intentions and bad banks .
# 775321 +( 3940 ) - [ X ] atlasthealmighty : Did I tell you my idea of injecting heroin into your balls , so when you ejaculate , it 's heroin ...
And then the chick will think you just gave her the most amazing orgasm in the world , and she 'd become addicted to sex with you
nullphi : i would like to subscribe to your newsletter
Lindsay France / University Photography
If Isaac Newton had had access to a supercomputer , he'd have had it watch apples fall and let it figure out what that meant .
But the computer would have needed to run an algorithm developed by Cornell researchers that can derive natural laws from observed data .
The researchers have taught a computer to find regularities in the natural world that represent natural laws -- without any prior scientific knowledge on the part of the computer .
They have tested their method , or algorithm , on simple mechanical systems and believe it could be applied to more complex systems ranging from biology to cosmology and be useful in analyzing the mountains of data generated by modern experiments that use electronic data collection .
The research is described in the April 3 issue of the journal Science ( Vol. 323 , No. 5924 ) by Hod Lipson , associate professor of mechanical and aerospace engineering , and graduate student Michael Schmidt , a specialist in computational biology .
Their process begins by taking the derivatives of every variable observed with respect to every other -- a mathematical way of measuring how one quantity changes as another changes .
Then the computer creates equations at random using various constants and variables from the data .
It tests these against the known derivatives , keeps the equations that come closest to predicting correctly , modifies them at random and tests again , repeating until it literally evolves a set of equations that accurately describe the behavior of the real system .
Technically , the computer does not output equations , but finds " invariants " -- mathematical expressions that remain true all the time , from which human insights can derive equations .
" Even though it looks like it 's changing erratically , there is always something deeper there that is always constant , " Lipson explained .
" That 's the hint to the underlying physics .
You want something that does n't change , but the relationship between the variables in it changes in a way that 's similar to [ what we see in ] the real system . "
Once the invariants are found , potentially all equations describing the system are available : " All equations regarding a system must fit into and satisfy the invariants , " Schmidt said .
" But of course we still need a human interpreter to take this step . "
The researchers tested the method with apparatus used in freshman physics courses : a spring - loaded linear oscillator , a single pendulum and a double pendulum .
Given data on position and velocity over time , the computer found energy laws , and for the pendulum , the law of conservation of momentum .
Given acceleration , it produced Newton 's second law of motion .
The researchers point out that the computer evolves these laws without any prior knowledge of physics , kinematics or geometry .
But evolution takes time .
On a parallel computer with 32 processors , simple linear motion could be analyzed in a few minutes , but the complex double pendulum required 30 to 40 hours of computation .
The researchers found that seeding the complex pendulum problem with terms from equations for the simple pendulum cut processing time to seven or eight hours .
This " bootstrapping , " they said , is similar to the way human scientists build on previous work .
Computers will not make scientists obsolete , the researchers conclude .
Rather , they said , the computer can take over the grunt work , helping scientists focus quickly on the interesting phenomena and interpret their meaning .
The research was supported by the National Science Foundation .
The powerful underwater volcano that erupted in the south Pacific this week has created a new island off the coast of Tonga .
The eruption , about 39 miles north - west of the Tongan capital , Nuku'alofa , began on Monday , shooting rocks , steam and ash thousands of feet into the air .
Tonga 's chief geologist , Kelepi Mafi , said the volcano had two vents , one on a small uninhabited island and another about 100 metres ( 330 ft ) offshore .
Rock and ash spewing from the sea have filled the gap between the two vents , creating a new land mass measuring hundreds of square metres .
Last night , spectacular columns of smoke and ash were still spewing from the sea , but trade winds blew gas and steam away from the mainland and local authorities said nearby coastal villages were not at risk .
Around 36 undersea volcanoes are clustered in the surrounding area .
Radio journalist George Lavaka , who visited the island with a sightseeing group , said the explosions were accompanied by a deep rumbling .
" We were close to the island and there was huge explosion and the smoke was coming toward us , and people were yelling ' start the boat , start the boat ' , " he said .
" The smoke stopped 30 metres short of the boat .
We were a bit shaken actually . "
Tonga , a 170 - island archipelago between Australia and Tahiti , is part of the Pacific " ring of fire " - an arc of earthquake and volcanic zones stretching from Chile in South America through Alaska and down through Vanuatu to Tonga .
On Wednesday the island was shaken by a powerful undersea earthquake , prompting fears of a tsunami , but there were no reports of damage or sea surges .
Erlang is a programming language used to build massively scalable soft real - time systems with requirements on high availability .
Some of its uses are in telecoms , banking , e-commerce , computer telephony and instant messaging .
Erlang 's runtime system has built - in support for concurrency , distribution and fault tolerance .
Erlang Quickstart
Assemblyman Tom Ammiano , D - San Francisco , said the cash - starved state could generate more than a billion dollars by taxing pot growers and sellers .
Ammiano predicted that the public would support loosening marijuana laws that require substantial public funds to enforce .
Before California could legalize marijuana , however , it also might have to persuade the federal government to alter its prohibition on cannabis .
Ammiano said federal officials may be receptive to such changes under the administration of President Barack Obama .
" We may be on a parallel track here , " said Ammiano , a freshman legislator who was sworn into office less than three months ago .
The Drug Policy Alliance , an advocate of loosening pot laws , applauded Ammiano 's proposal .
" Marijuana already plays a huge role in the California economy , " said Stephen Gutwillig , the group 's California state director .
" It 's a revenue opportunity we literally can't afford to ignore any longer . "
Assemblyman Roger Niello , R - Fair Oaks , said legalizing marijuana would be a bad idea .
He said he considers pot a " gateway drug " from which many users graduate to harder and more dangerous substances .
" I do n't think we 're particularly well served in our society to further accommodate or even encourage something that 's going to be unproductive and damaging to the individual -- especially not for the reason of generating revenue , " he said .
Ammiano's bill , Assembly Bill 390 , would allow marijuana to be sold openly - like alcohol - in retail outlets statewide .
The state would gain by charging sellers a fee of $ 50 per ounce .
Pot growers also would be charged under the measure .
Snipped
Complete Article : http://www.sacbee.com/breaking/story/1646399.html
Source : Sacramento Bee ( CA )
Author : Jim Sanders
Published : February 23 , 2009
Copyright : 2009 The Sacramento Bee
Contact : opinion@sacbee.com
Website : http://www.sacbee.com/
CannabisNews -- Cannabis Archives
http://cannabisnews.com/news/list/cannabis.shtml
Amazon yesterday released a “ Kindle for iPhone ” app that lets users download Kindle books from Amazons vast library and then transfer them to either their iPhone or iPod Touch .
According to the app description , interested users wo n’t be able to peruse Amazon ’s large e-book and newspaper catalog from within iTunes , but will instead have to go to http://www.amazon.com/kindlestore in order to browse around .
Once a user finds a title of interest , they can choose to either wirelessly send a free excerpt of the book to their iPhone or instead purchase the product entirely and wirelessly transmit it to their iPhone .
Requiring users to use the Amazon website to browse for books might seem like an annoyance and an extra un-necessary step , but it actually makes a lot of sense .
Browsing through the iTunes App Store just for games , for example , can be exhausting and confusing , and there are only a few thousand titles to sift through .
In contrast , Amazon has an assortment of over 240,000 Kindle ready e-books , magazines , and newspapers .
Just imagine trying to navigate your way around that mess on iTunes .
Moreover , Amazon ’s website already contains a rich repository of book reviews , whose sheer length and volume make the decision to navigate through Amazon ’s library via their website a logical one .
And lastly , it ’s Amazon ’s app , so they can do whatever they want !
One of the cooler features of the app is that it allows users who own both a Kindle and an iPhone to easily switch between both devices while keeping the most current page synchronized between each device .
Now that ’s slick .
We have n’t yet given the new app a test run , but if the wireless transfer between Amazon ’s website and the iPhone is easy ( and early reports seem to indicate as such ) , then this definitely has the potential to be a killer app .
The app is free and can be downloaded from iTunes over here .
Editor 's Note :
We are posting this feature from our September 2006 issue in light of the Obama administration 's renewed focus on how to use the most abundant -- and dirtiest -- fossil fuel , coal , without overloading the atmosphere with greenhouse gases .
More than most people realize , dealing with climate change means addressing the problems posed by emissions from coal - fired power plants .
Unless humanity takes prompt action to strictly limit the amount of carbon dioxide ( CO 2 ) released into the atmosphere when consuming coal to make electricity , we have little chance of gaining control over global warming .
Slide Show : The Effects of Coal Power on the Planet
Coal — the fuel that powered the Industrial Revolution — is a particularly worrisome source of energy , in part because burning it produces considerably more carbon dioxide per unit of electricity generated than burning either oil or natural gas does .
In addition , coal is cheap and will remain abundant long after oil and natural gas have become very scarce .
With coal plentiful and inexpensive , its use is burgeoning in the U.S. and elsewhere and is expected to continue rising in areas with abundant coal resources .
Indeed , U.S. power providers are expected to build the equivalent of nearly 280 500 - megawatt , coal - fired electricity plants between 2003 and 2030 .
Meanwhile China is already constructing the equivalent of one large coal - fueled power station a week .
Over their roughly 60 - year life spans , the new generating facilities in operation by 2030 could collectively introduce into the atmosphere about as much carbon dioxide as was released by all the coal burned since the dawn of the Industrial Revolution .
Coal ’s projected popularity is disturbing not only for those concerned about climate change but also for those worried about other aspects of the environment and about human health and safety .
Coal ’s market price may be low , but the true costs of its extraction , processing and consumption are high .
Coal use can lead to a range of harmful consequences , including decapitated mountains , air pollution from acidic and toxic emissions , and water fouled with coal wastes .
Extraction also endangers and can kill miners .
Together such effects make coal production and conversion to useful energy one of the most destructive activities on the planet .
In keeping with Scientific American ’s focus on climate concerns in this issue , we will concentrate below on methods that can help prevent CO 2 generated during coal conversion from reaching the atmosphere .
It goes without saying that the environmental , safety and health effects of coal production and use must be reduced as well .
Fortunately , affordable techniques for addressing CO 2 emissions and these other problems already exist , although the will to implement them quickly still lags significantly .
Geologic Storage Strategy
The techniques that power providers could apply to keep most of the carbon dioxide they produce from entering the air are collectively called CO 2 capture and storage ( CCS ) or geologic carbon sequestration .
These procedures involve separating out much of the CO 2 that is created when coal is converted to useful energy and transporting it to sites where it can be stored deep underground in porous media — mainly in depleted oil or gas fields or in saline formations ( permeable geologic strata filled with salty water ) [ see “ Can We Bury Global Warming ? ” by Robert H. Socolow ; Scientific American , July 2005 ] .
All the technological components needed for CCS at coal conversion plants are commercially ready — having been proved in applications unrelated to climate change mitigation , although integrated systems have not yet been constructed at the necessary scales .
Capture technologies have been deployed extensively throughout the world both in the manufacture of chemicals ( such as fertilizer ) and in the purification of natural gas supplies contaminated with carbon dioxide and hydrogen sulfide ( “ sour gas ” ) .
Industry has gained considerable experience with CO 2 storage in operations that purify natural gas ( mainly in Canada ) as well as with CO 2 injection to boost oil production ( primarily in the U.S. ) .
Enhanced oil recovery processes account for most of the CO 2 that has been sent into underground reservoirs .
Currently about 35 million metric tons are injected annually to coax more petroleum out of mature fields , accounting for about 4 percent of U.S. crude oil output .
Implementing CCS at coal - consuming plants is imperative if the carbon dioxide concentration in the atmosphere is to be kept at an acceptable level .
The 1992 United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change calls for stabilizing the atmospheric CO 2 concentration at a “ safe ” level , but it does not specify what the maximum value should be .
The current view of many scientists is that atmospheric CO 2 levels must be kept below 450 parts per million by volume ( ppmv ) to avoid unacceptable climate changes .
Realization of this aggressive goal requires that the power industry start commercial - scale CCS projects within the next few years and expand them rapidly thereafter .
This stabilization benchmark cannot be realized by CCS alone but can plausibly be achieved if it is combined with other eco-friendly measures , such as wide improvements in energy efficiency and much expanded use of renewable energy sources .
The Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) estimated in 2005 that it is highly probable that geologic media worldwide are capable of sequestering at least two trillion metric tons of CO 2 — more than is likely to be produced by fossil - fuel - consuming plants during the 21st century .
Society will want to be sure , however , that potential sequestration sites are evaluated carefully for their ability to retain CO 2 before they are allowed to operate .
Two classes of risks are of concern : sudden escape and gradual leakage .
Rapid outflow of large amounts of CO 2 could be lethal to those in the vicinity .
Dangerous sudden releases — such as that which occurred in 1986 at Lake Nyos in Cameroon , when CO 2 of volcanic origin asphyxiated 1,700 nearby villagers and thousands of cattle — are improbable for engineered CO 2 storage projects in carefully selected , deep porous geologic formations , according to the IPCC .
Gradual seepage of carbon dioxide into the air is also an issue , because over time it could defeat the goal of CCS .
The 2005 IPCC report estimated that the fraction retained in appropriately selected and managed geologic reservoirs is very likely to exceed 99 percent over 100 years and likely to exceed 99 percent over 1,000 years .
What remains to be demonstrated is whether in practice operators can routinely keep CO 2 leaks to levels that avoid unacceptable environmental and public health risks .
Technology Choices
Design studies indicate that existing power generation technologies could capture from 85 to 95 percent of the carbon in coal as CO 2 , with the rest released to the atmosphere .
The coal conversion technologies that come to dominate will be those that can meet the objectives of climate change mitigation at the least cost .
Fundamentally different approaches to CCS would be pursued for power plants using the conventional pulverized - coal steam cycle and the newer integrated gasification combined cycle ( IGCC ) .
Although today ’s coal IGCC power ( with CO 2 venting ) is slightly more expensive than coal steam - electric power , it looks like IGCC is the most effective and least expensive option for CCS .
Standard plants burn coal in a boiler at atmospheric pressure .
The heat generated in coal combustion transforms water into steam , which turns a steam turbine , whose mechanical energy is converted to electricity by a generator .
In modern plants the gases produced by combustion ( flue gases ) then pass through devices that remove particulates and oxides of sulfur and nitrogen before being exhausted via smokestacks into the air .
Carbon dioxide could be extracted from the flue gases of such steam - electric plants after the removal of conventional pollutants .
Because the flue gases contain substantial amounts of nitrogen ( the result of burning coal in air , which is about 80 percent nitrogen ) , the carbon dioxide would be recovered at low concentration and pressure — which implies that the CO 2 would have to be removed from large volumes of gas using processes that are both energy - intensive and expensive .
The captured CO 2 would then be compressed and piped to an appropriate storage site .
In an IGCC system coal is not burned but rather partially oxidized ( reacted with limited quantities of oxygen from an air separation plant , and with steam ) at high pressure in a gasifier .
The product of gasification is so - called synthesis gas , or syngas , which is composed mostly of carbon monoxide and hydrogen , undiluted with nitrogen .
In current practice , IGCC operations remove most conventional pollutants from the syngas and then burn it to turn both gas and steam turbine­generators in what is called a combined cycle .
In an IGCC plant designed to capture CO 2 , the syngas exiting the gasifier , after being cooled and cleaned of particles , would be reacted with steam to produce a gaseous mixture made up mainly of carbon dioxide and hydrogen .
The CO 2 would then be extracted , dried , compressed and transported to a storage site .
The remaining hydrogen - rich gas would be burned in a combined cycle plant to generate power .
Analyses indicate that carbon dioxide capture at IGCC plants consuming high - quality bituminous coals would entail significantly smaller energy and cost penalties and lower total generation costs than what could be achieved in conventional coal plants that captured and stored CO 2 .
Gasification systems recover CO 2 from a gaseous stream at high concentration and pressure , a feature that makes the process much easier than it would be in conventional steam facilities .
( The extent of the benefits is less clear for lower - grade subbituminous coals and lignites , which have received much less study . )
Precombustion removal of conventional pollutants , including mercury , makes it feasible to realize very low levels of emissions at much reduced costs and with much smaller energy penalties than with cleanup systems for flue gases in conventional plants .
Captured carbon dioxide can be transported by pipeline up to several hundred kilometers to suitable geologic storage sites and subsequent subterranean storage with the pressure produced during capture .
Longer distances may , however , require recompression to compensate for friction losses during pipeline transfer .
Overall , pursuing CCS for coal power facilities requires the consumption of more coal to generate a kilowatt - hour of electricity than when CO 2 is vented — about 30 percent extra in the case of coal steam - electric plants and less than 20 percent more for IGCC plants .
But overall coal use would not necessarily increase , because the higher price of coal - based electricity resulting from adding CCS equipment would dampen demand for coal - based electricity , making renewable energy sources and energy - efficient products more desirable to consumers .
The cost of CCS will depend on the type of power plant , the distance to the storage site , the properties of the storage reservoir and the availability of opportunities ( such as enhanced oil recovery ) for selling the captured CO 2 .
A recent study co-authored by one of us ( Williams ) estimated the incremental electric generation costs of two alternative CCS options for coal IGCC plants under typical production , transport and storage conditions .
For CO 2 sequestration in a saline formation 100 kilometers from a power plant , the study calculated that the incremental cost of CCS would be 1.9 cents per kilowatt - hour ( beyond the generation cost of 4.7 cents per kilowatt - hour for a coal IGCC plant that vents CO 2 — a 40 percent premium ) .
For CCS pursued in conjunction with enhanced oil recovery at a distance of 100 kilometers from the conversion plant , the analysis finds no increase in net generation cost would occur as long as the oil price is at least $ 35 per barrel , which is much lower than current prices .
CCS Now or Later ?
Many electricity producers in the industrial world recognize that environmental concerns will at some point force them to implement CCS if they are to continue to employ coal .
But rather than building plants that actually capture and store carbon dioxide , most plan to construct conventional steam facilities they claim will be “ CO 2 capture ready ” — convertible when CCS is mandated .
Power providers often defend those decisions by noting that the U.S. and most other countries with coal - intensive energy economies have not yet instituted policies for climate change mitigation that would make CCS cost - effective for uses not associated with enhanced oil recovery .
Absent revenues from sales to oil field operators , applying CCS to new coal plants using current technology would be the least - cost path only if the cost of emitting CO 2 were at least $ 25 to $ 30 per metric ton .
Many current policy proposals for climate change mitigation in the U.S. envision significantly lower cost penalties to power providers for releasing CO 2 ( or similarly , payments for CO 2 emissions - reduction credits ) .
Yet delaying CCS at coal power plants until economy - wide carbon dioxide control costs are greater than CCS costs is shortsighted .
For several reasons , the coal and power industries and society would ultimately benefit if deployment of plants fitted with CCS equipment were begun now .
First , the fastest way to reduce CCS costs is via “ learning by doing ” — the accumulation of experience in building and running such plants .
The faster the understanding is accumulated , the quicker the know - how with the new technology will grow , and the more rapidly the costs will drop .
Second , installing CCS equipment as soon as possible should save money in the long run .
Most power stations currently under construction will still be operating decades from now , when it is likely that CCS efforts will be obligatory .
Retrofitting generating facilities for CCS is inherently more expensive than deploying CCS in new plants .
Moreover , in the absence of CO 2 emission limits , familiar conventional coal steam - electric technologies will tend to be favored for most new plant construction over newer gasification tech­no­logies , for which CCS is more cost - ­effective .
Finally , rapid implementation would allow for continued use of fossil fuels in the near term ( until more environmentally friendly sources become prevalent ) without pushing atmospheric carbon dioxide beyond tolerable levels .
Our studies indicate that it is feasible to stabilize atmospheric CO 2 levels at 450 ppmv over the next half a century if coal - based energy is completely decarbonized and other measures described in the box at the left are implemented .
This effort would involve decarbonizing 36 gigawatts of new coal generating capacity by 2020 ( corresponding to 7 percent of the new coal capacity expected to be built worldwide during the decade beginning in 2011 under business - as - usual conditions ) .
In the 35 years after 2020 , CO 2 capture would need to rise at an average rate of about 12 percent a year .
Such a sustained pace is high compared with typical market growth rates for energy but is not unprecedented .
It is much less than the expansion rate for nuclear generating capacity in its heyday — 1956 to 1980 — during which global capacity rose at an average rate of 40 percent annually .
Further , the expansion rates for both wind and solar photovoltaic power capacities worldwide have hovered around 30 percent a year since the early 1990s .
In all three cases , such growth would not have been practical without public policy measures to support them .
Our calculations indicate that the costs of CCS deployment would be manageable as well .
Using conservative ­assumptions — such as that technology will not improve over time — we estimate that the present worth of the cost of ­capturing and storing all CO 2 produced by coal - based electricity generation plants during the next 200 years will be $ 1.8 trillion ( in 2002 dollars ) .
That might seem like a high price tag , but it is equivalent to just 0.07 percent of the current value of gross world product over the same interval .
Thus , it is plausible that a rapid decarbonization path for coal is both physically and economically feasible , although detailed regional analyses are needed to confirm this conclusion .
Policy Push Is Needed
Those good reasons for commencing concerted CCS efforts soon will probably not move the industry unless it is also prodded by new public policies .
Such initiatives would be part of a broader drive to control carbon dioxide emissions from all sources .
In the U.S. , a national program to limit CO 2 emissions must be enacted soon to introduce the government reg­ulations and market incentives nec­essary to shift investment to the least - polluting energy technologies promptly and on a wide scale .
Leaders in the American business and policy communities increasingly agree that quantifiable and enforceable restrictions on global warming emissions are imperative and in­evitable .
To ensure that power companies put into practice the reductions in a cost - effective fashion , a market for trading CO 2 emissions credits should be created — one similar to that for the ­sulfur emissions that cause acid rain .
In such a plan , organizations that intend to exceed designated emission limits may buy credits from others that are able to stay below these values .
Enhancing energy efficiency efforts and raising renewable energy production are critical to achieving carbon dioxide limits at the lowest possible cost .
A portion of the emission allowances created by a carbon cap - and - trade program should be allocated to the establishment of a fund to help overcome institutional barriers and technical risks that obstruct widespread deployment of otherwise cost - effective CO 2 mitigation technologies .
Even if a carbon dioxide cap - and - trade program were enacted in the next few years the economic value of CO 2 emissions reduction may not be enough initially to convince power providers to invest in power systems with CCS .
To avoid the construction of another generation of conventional coal plants , it is essential that the federal government establish incentives that promote CCS .
One approach would be to insist that an increasing share of total coal - based electricity generation comes from facilities that meet a low CO 2 emissions standard — perhaps a maximum of 30 grams of carbon per kilowatt - hour ( an achievable goal using today ’s coal CCS technologies ) .
Such a goal might be achieved by obliging electricity producers that use coal to include a growing fraction of decarbonized coal power in their supply portfolios .
Each covered electricity producer could either generate the required amount of decar­bonized coal power or purchase decarbonized - generation credits .
This system would share the incremental costs of CCS for coal power among all U.S. coal - based electricity producers and consumers .
Why Evolution is True
by Jerry A. Coyne
Viking , 2009
There is a conversation about evolution that I ’m apparently doomed to replay over and over with various family members , friends and acquaintances .
I tell a friend that the evidence for evolution is overwhelming - everywhere in biology you find the signature of evolution ; in every little bizzare , unexpected nook of biology you find unmistakeable evidence that all life is related , descended from common ancestors that lived long ago and took forms that were very different from what we observe in today ’s organisms .
We swim in a deluge of evidence , and I ’m baffled that anyone can disregard the pervasive stamp of evolution in nature .
Whoever I ’m having this conversation with is equally baffled .
How can I look around at the unparalleled complexity of nature , at the amazing adaptations possessed by millions of species , and think that this all came about through an unintelligent process ?
To end this mutual bewilderment between biologists and the 45 % of the US population that does n’t accept evolution , we need readable , friendly books that explain why biologists think the way they do .
Jerry Coyne steps into the gap with a straightforward introduction to the wide - ranging findings from disparate fields of biology that solidly support the modern theory of evolution .
As the no-nonsense title suggests , Why Evolution is True lays out , in plain language , the basic ideas behind evolution and the types of evidence that support these ideas .
Coyne takes a reader on a tour of paleontology , evo-devo , biogeography , natural selection and genetic drift , sexual selection , and his own professional specialty , speciation .
He finishes up with a chapter on the one evolutionary branch that most us find more interesting than any other , that is , our own , and with the always obligatory chapter laying to rest the ill - founded but widespread concerns that our children will fall into an uncivilized , Hobbesian state if they ’re taught that they descended from monkeys and slime .
Coyne ’s book has several distinct advantages over many other books in the pop-evolution genre .
For one , he ’s conversational , which makes the book an easy read .
Learning the basics of evolution , does n’t have to be hard , and Coyne makes it fun .
Coyne may not be a prose stylist like Richard Dawkins or Stephen Gould , but his clear thinking is accompanied by clear writing .
Occasionally I thought that Coyne assumed more background knowledge that most readers might have ( I wish more people knew what igneous rocks and amino acids are , but most readers probably do n’t ) , however , with an occasional trip to Wikipedia , any literate , interested reader will do fine .
Coyne ’s clear style is supported by an effective explanatory strategy .
In the first chapter , he lays out some main principles of evolution : 1 ) evolution is gradual change over often long periods of time , resulting in organisms that can be very different from their ancestors ; 2 ) evolution is gradual - dogs do n’t give birth to cats , lizards do n’t give birth to chickens ; even rapid evolutionary change is gradual by any human understanding of the term ; 3 ) new species often arise by the splitting of genealogical branches , which means that ; 4 ) today ’s living species have descended from common ancestors ; 5 ) natural selection acting on variation is responsible for producing organisms that are highly adapted to their environment , and ; 6 ) other processes , like genetic drift , shape evolutionary trajectories .
From general principles like these , Coyne demonstrates that scientists can make predictions about what we expect to find in nature .
For example , evolutionary theory suggests that there will be a predictable evolutionary succession of fossils .
Whales have certain features that make us suspect that they descended from land - dwelling mammals ; so we expect to see a transition from land to sea animals in the fossil record , which we do see .
If land - dwelling vertebrates evolved from fish ancestors , we should be able to find fossils of fish - like animals with primitive limbs , which we do find .
In each chapter , Coyne lays out evolutionary predictions , and then uses well - chosen examples to show how those predictions are confirmed .
Coyne then takes the argument one step further .
Evolution generates clear expectations of what we should find in nature , while creationism can only explain nature by appealing to arbitrary , inscrutable decisions made by an inaccessible designer .
Certainly an omnipotent designer could have chosen to make the world this way , but creationists have no testable explanation for why the designer chose to do it one way , instead of another .
Thus , intelligent design advocate Michael Behe ascribes a peacock ’s tail to a designer ’s whimsy , while biologists say the tail is the result of sexual selection .
Behe ’s idea is arbitrary ; biologists ’ claims flow naturally from evolutionary theory .
Behe ’s idea ca n’t be tested ; biologists have tested theirs .
While underscoring the intellectual bankruptcy of a design explanation , Coyne wisely steers clear of an outright attack on religion , and in fact he hardly spends any time at all refuting specific arguments of creationists .
This book is not a take - down of creationism ; it ’s a primer on evolution intended for a broad audience .
Coyne is interested in science , and leaves readers free to draw their own religious conclusions , which is exactly how this issue is also treated in professional science circles .
Scientists agree on the science , and differ with each other over religion .
The book finishes up with an interesting discussion of the common worry that teaching evolution to our kids will unleash “ the beast within . ”
( I do n’t know about you , but it does n’t take evolution to unleash the beast within my kids - it pretty much starts out unleashed . )
Instead of just rattling off a few bromides about how science does n’t have to tell us how to act , Coyne takes on some of the ideas of evolutionary psychology and the idea of genetic determinism .
If we ’ve evolved a certain way , do we have to be that way ?
No - just because something ’s genetic , does n’t mean you ca n’t modify it .
The most commonly used example of this idea is eyesight : Coyne ’s poor eyesight ( and mine ) is the result of genetics , yet it ’s 100 % fixable with an environmental change , a pair of glasses .
Some genetic traits are more susceptible to environmental change than others , but the point stands : genes are n’t the same thing as destiny .
We ’ve long needed more engaging , readable , non-polemical books that provide a general overview of why biologists think about evolution the way they do .
Should I find myself again engaged with a friend who is baffled that I think the evidence for evolution is overwhelming , Why Evolution is True will be the first book I recommend .
Front page image of T. Rex courtesy the Wikimedia Commons
I cannot recall a major US policy initiative being met with as much immediate revulsion as the so - called Geithner plan .
Even the horrific TARP , which showed utter contempt for Congress and the American public was in some ways less troubling .
Paulson demanded $ 700 billion , nearly $ 200 billion bigger than the Department of Defense , via a three page draft bill , nothing more that a doodle on a napkin , save that it did bother to put the Treasury secretary above the law .
But high - handedness was the hallmark of the Bush Administration ; it was only the scale and audacity of the TARP that was the stunner .
And the TARP initially did have some supporters ( perhaps most important , among the media , who trumpeted the “ Something must be done ” case ) .
Fans are much harder to find for the latest iteration of the seemingly neverending “ let ’s throw more money at the banks ” saga .
As we , and increasingly others , have said , the Obama economic team is every bit as captive to Wall Street ’s interests as the Bushies were .
The differences increasingly look stylistic , not substantive .
Treasury Secretary Geithner presented today what in essence was a plan to come up with a plan .
I now understand why he is so loath to have government run banks .
He presumably sees himself as an elite bureaucrat , as his glittering resume attests .
Yet the man has a deadline to come up with a proposal , yet puts off presenting it twice ( the “ oh he has to work on the stimulus bill ” is as close to “ the dog ate my homework ” as I have ever seen in adult life ) .
What he served up as an initiative is weeks to months , depending on the item , away from being operational ( if even then ; the public - private asset purchase program will either not see the light of day , or be far narrower and smaller than what is needed ) .
And in case you think I am being unfair , yesterday I got an e-mail from a political consultant who got a report on the Senate Banking Committee briefing by the Treasury the night before the announcement .
No briefing books , no documents .
He deemed it to be no plan .
That assessment was confirmed today by a participant at the session , who said that the details were so thin that one staffer asked , “ So what , exactly , is the plan ? ” and repeated questions from one persistent Senator got “ absolutely no answers ” .
Thus Geither ’s belief that government can’t manage assets is sheer projection of his own inability to deliver .
The FDIC winds up banks all the time .
During the S&L crisis , as William Black reminds us , FSLIC appointed receivership managers that later research determined did reduce losses .
Sweden , Norway , and Chile all nationalized ( and relatively quickly reprivatized ) dud banks during their financial crises .
This is n’t like trying to go the moon ( which was a government initiative , lest we forget ) .
There are plenty of models and lots of good proposals .
What is lacking is will .
History says that an aggressive , take - out - the - dead - banks program is the fastest and all - in cheapest way out of a financial crisis .
But if you believe that something will not work , as Geithner does , it is n’t at all hard to produce that outcome .
For sake of completeness , let ’s recap the four items Geithner presented .
First was the idea that they ’d get to the bottom of the bank ’s books , “ stress testing ” them , with an unspecified program of “ capital support ” for those that need it .
What about putting them in receivership , as regulators normally do with dud banks ?
The part that got me worried was the “ stress test ” bit .
Geithner mentioned that he was using a medical analogy , but stress testing was what the big investment banks claimed to be doing to manage risk .
The results showed that their approaches were not up to snuff .
The FDIC and OCC , with enough staffing ( no acknowledgment that this will take a major ramp up in personnel and that takes time ) can assess loan portfolios and various not - too - complicated asset backed securities .
But they do not have the ability to have much of an independent view of the risks in derivatives exposures , CDS , CDOs .
These take a lot of specialized skills within the product area .
People like that are now available , thanks to the downturn , but how long will it take to screen , hire them , design templates for consistent analysis and reporting ?
And the investment bank models do not ( to my knowledge ) allow for the fact that in bad markets , previously uncorrelated assets move together , This is a massive source of risk , and if the bankers were behind the eight ball here , pray tell how is the Treasury going to contend with this one ?
( Separately , we have said , repeatedly , that the big investment banks should have been subject to this sort of scrutiny as soon as Bear went under .
It was obvious others were at risk , but everyone in authority , including Geithner , adopted a “ see no evil , hear no evil , speak no evil ” stance . )
Second was the public private investment fund to buy bad assets .
This is largely sui generis , with the intent of bringing a variety of investors in ( by type , mind , you , for instance , hedge fund and private equity ) and buy a lot of different types of bad assets .
Presumably , the entity will need to hire ( therefore select , negotiate with , and compensate ) an asset manager to handle the day - to - day operations .
There are a ton of details to sort out , and Treasury appears only to have had a few high concept chats with a few folks .
That is far short of designing a vehicle and figuring out what the gives and the gets are .
I ca n’t see this taking any less than months , and that even assumes there is a solution for the problem I keep harping on : the banks do not want to sell assets at anything like market price .
Now the intent may simply be to obscure a very very large subsidy from the chump taxpayer .
But if not , this component , if it ever sees the light of day , is likely to wind up buying only those assets where the gap between the bank ’s offer and the market bid is n’t too great .
That in turn is likely to be the best of the dreck .
So a huge amount of effort , and a considerable amount of taxpayer money , could well be expended with the problem largely unresolved .
The third item is providing more financial firepower than initially planned , a trillion dollars , to the Term Asset Backed Securities Loan Facility , the program intended to help free up the markets for consumer , student , and auto loans .
The SBA will also get larger guarantees on its loans and faster approval process .
Fourth is a promise to come back in a few weeks with a housing program .
Aside from the impressive thumb ’s down from the stock market , the comments from economists and financial commentators are withering .
From the Financial Times ’ Martin Wolf :
Has Barack Obama ’s presidency already failed ?
From bank expert Chris Whalen of Institutional Risk Analytics ( via e-mail ) :
Real disaster .
I am very concerned that the Obama Admin is going pear shaped before the snow even melts .
Kevin Logan , senior US economist at Kleinwort Benson :
They have a plan for a plan but they do n’t really have a plan .
The whole proposal is so vague as to create new uncertainty , and maybe the problem is really so bad that they have n’t worked out how to solve it .
Roger Ehrenberg :
But on the day when the big news was finally expected to hit , Treasury Secretary Geithner ’s release of his “ comprehensive plan , ” he said absolutely nothing .
Weeks of planning .
A day ’s delay in making sure he was ready , really ready for his coming out party .
Only problem was , those that came to the party left .
Immediately and rapidly .
Today ’s market news was no better or worse than any other over the past week , but somehow equity traders proceeded to lop almost 5 % off its value .
Do you think investors , like the Treasury , might be just a little jittery , placing a little too much hope on the impact of a plan that few thinking rationally consider a panacea ?
James Galbraith :
… so long as you ’re dealing with the old management and so long as you ’re dealing with the old practices and so long as you do n’t have a clean audit of the books , the chances are that the bank is going to behave in ways which are not constructive , which do not contribute to the growth of the economy , and which leave all kinds of suspicions present in the system about the integrity of the institution and of the regulatory process .
And that ’s the problem the Treasury Department seems to be determined not to face .
Jim Hamilton likes to stay measured , so on his disapproval scale , this is pretty serious :
We obviously do n’t have clear details of the plan , only the concept , but it sounds to me like the wrong concept
Tony Crescenzi , an analyst at Miller Tabak :
It remains extremely uncertain how the Treasury will entice investors to do something they have been avoiding since the start of the crisis .
Paul Brodsky of QB Asset Management ( via e-mail ) :
Is anyone else as stunned as I am ?
The New York Times summed it up :
But the initial assessment of the plan from the markets , lawmakers and economists was brutally negative , in large part because they expected more details .
Paul Krugman hopes this Potemkin plan is actually a Trojan horse .
If so , a lot of dollars are being deployed to mask the real aim , If Geithner were n’t so attached to the world view of the industry , I could see this as an effort to show , “ Gee , we really did try a whole bunch of stuff , which by the way you bankster types said you liked , they did n’t work , so now we have no recourse but to take you over . ”
As I too often say , it would be better if I were wrong , but this sure is n’t looking good .
In a new John Harwood piece in the NY Times , former GOP chairman contender Saul Anuzis had this to say about their grand strategy to reclaim their rightful role in government :
“ Rhetorically , Republicans are having a very hard time finding something that raises the consciousness of the average voter , ” said Saul Anuzis , a former chairman of the Michigan Republican Party who recently lost a bid to became national party chairman .
Workaday labels like “ big spender ” and “ liberal ” have lost their punch , and last fall , Senator John McCain of Arizona and Gov. Sarah Palin of Alaska gained little traction during the presidential campaign by linking Mr. Obama ’s agenda to socialism .
So Mr. Anuzis has turned to provocation with a purpose .
He calls the president ’s domestic agenda “ economic fascism . ”
“ We ’ve so overused the word ‘ socialism ’ that it no longer has the negative connotation it had 20 years ago , or even 10 years ago , ” Mr. Anuzis said .
“ Fascism — everybody still thinks that ’s a bad thing . ”
Wherein we all guess what the hell Coleman 's ultimate endgame may be , even as he makes it up while going along ...
Brad Friedman Byon 2/3/2009 , 12:36 am PT
Remember back in 2000 when the Republicanists belittled elderly ( and minority ) voters , claiming that 'if they failed to fill out their ballots correctly , and failed to follow the simple voting rules , then they 're idiots and their votes should n't be counted ' ?
They made the case over and over again , cynically , of course , because it would mean that , even though more voters had intended to vote for Al Gore than George W. Bush ( and actually did [ PDF ] , had they bothered to count them all )
Bush should still be allowed to " win " the Presidency .
Well , as we 've had to say so many times during our previous coverage of the GOP flip - floppery that is the election contest of former Senator Norm Coleman against Al Franken in MN : that was then and this is now .
At right , take a look at the short , approximately 1 - minute video of Coleman ( and FL 2000 Bush v. Gore ) attorney Ben Ginsberg , trying to keep a straight face in a presser after his team argued today that yet another cherry - picked voter / witness whose absentee ballot was legitimately rejected --- in this case because she failed to sign the ballot --- should have her vote counted anyway .
( Video courtesy of TheUptake.org .
Disclosure : VelvetRevolution.us , co-founded by The BRAD BLOG , is a financial contributor to TheUptake . )
Like we said , that was then and this now .
So never mind that whole " voter fraud " argument .
Not useful today for the GOP opportunists .
And now , while I 'll try to stay out of the deep weeds tonight on today 's proceedings at the Coleman / Franken circus ( you 're welcome ) , Nate Silver at FiveThirty Eight.com argues convincingly --- based on fairly reliable reads of usually - predictable WSJ and other Wingnut Tea Leaves --- that Team Coleman may ultimately be angling for a do - over .
That is , a re-vote for the entire election .
He may be right .
Though there may be another plan , even though admittedly , the Coleman campaign is largely making all of this up as they go along , and any or all of the following guesswork may end up being their " strategy " ...
" Norm Coleman 's goal might not be to pull ahead of Al Franken outright , " via the election contest , Silver suggests , " but rather to create enough confusion and uncertainty around the outcome of the recount that the Senate calls for a re-vote in Minnesota , as it did in the New Hampshire Senate Race of 1974 . "
Given a few more carefully placed articles that Silver noticed , " suggests that these are the preferred talking points of the Coleman campaign --- talking points which evidently involve planting the seed of a re-vote in the public 's head . "
( Cue Hannity for tomorrow , especially since Rush is on vacation this week . )
The strategy seems like a very long shot to me , but so was it when Ginsberg and friends went to SCOTUS in 2000 to ask their friends to keep everybody from counting anybody 's vote in FL , on the basis that counting any of them , would somehow disenfranchise all of them .
Or some absurd nonsense that we all sat around and allowed to pass for " democracy " way back when .
The shameless WSJ whackos ( Hi , John Fund ! ) will undoubtedly make whatever case they need in order to support their GOP buddies ambitions , democracy and Constitution - be - damned .
But , as the ultimate decision to declare the seat " vacant " --- and thus , force a new special election --- would belong to a Democratic majority in the U.S. Senate , a better chance for Coleman may lie in the federal issues being raised , " over and over , " by his legal team , as AP notes , based on the U.S. Constitution 's equal protection clause .
Even though there were strict standards across the entire state of MN , to determine which absentee ballots should and should n't be counted ( unlike FL 2000 ) , Coleman has been building a case to suggest the application of those standards was n't applied equally everywhere .
Therefore , they are maintaining , all rejected absentee ballots should now be counted .
Or at least the 11,000 or so that Coleman would like to see added to the total , many of which he had previously argued against counting back during the hand - count when he thought he was winning .
The equal protection argument , as weak and as backwards as it is now being applied in MN versus the way the Republicanists made their case in FL , may at least find favor among the still reliably GOP - leaning justices of the SCOTUS .
On the other hand , lending Silver 's thesis a well - deserved benefit of the doubt here , the same Wingnut Tea Leaves , as reported via AP over the weekend , do n't necessarily ( yet ) support my contention of a SCOTUS scheme .
Though that may just be because talking points have n't yet been well enough circulated .
Jan Baran , a D.C. election attorney and former general counsel for the RNC told AP she believes the SCOTUS route is " a long shot , " then hastened to add : " But it worked for Bush v. Gore . "
Partisan UCLA law professor , Daniel Lowenstein , a member of the McCain campaign 's so - called " Honest Election Committee , " also pooh - poohed the federal challenge , telling AP that he thinks this contest is " a state law question . "
Moreover , TPM's Eric Kleefeld , who has been reporting from the courtroom , has a theory which supports Silver 's , in a sense .
" The Coleman team appears to be laying out a continued strategy of casting doubt on the legitimacy of the Minnesota election result by pointing to a fundamental underlying idea of this dispute :
The margin of error is simply too big in a race this close . "
If Kleefeld is right , and Coleman makes the case that we simply can't rely on the numbers because it 's just " too close to call " , the strategy would certainly lend credence to Silver 's " create enough confusion and uncertainty around the outcome of the recount " suggestion , to then try and force a do - over .
But , as I promised to stay out of the weeds tonight ( sorry , I may have failed ) just two more quick points for now :
1 ) Franken 's team seems to be doing a nice job of rebutting the cases of those friendly , cherry - picked witnesses being called by Coleman to testify that their votes should be counted , even though , as we noted last week , several of them clearly were legitimately rejected , and one even admitted to fraud and forgery on the stand .
See Kleefeld today here and here for more on Franken 's effective rebuttals today .
2 ) Had Democrats ever fought as hard for every single vote as Republicans always do in any election that even approximates being close , President Gore or President Kerry would likely have ensured a very different judicial balance on that SCOTUS by now .
only you help to fund , with As we promised , The BRAD BLOG covered your electoral system 2008 , tirelessly , fiercely and independently , like no other media outlet in the nation .
Please support our work , which , with a donation to help us continue the work so few are willing to do .
If you like , we 'll send you some great , award - winning election integrity documentary films in return !
Details on that right here ...
Next month will see a new version of the self - replicating RepRap machine , but owners of the existing model wo n't need to buy a replacement - they 'll just be able to just print themselves an upgraded version .
RepRap was developed by a team led by Adrian Bowyer from Bath University , who makes rather audacious claims for his baby .
The machine is basically a cheap 3D printer , but one that is able to make all the component parts of itself - well , 56 per cent of them at least - and will soon be tasked with printing out the parts of its own replacement .
It might look like this , if only they could find some way to manufacture it
3D printing is nothing new , but doing it cheaply is , and even if you 've not got a RepRap handy to print out the custom parts needed there 's an on - line store that will supply them to you for around € 500 .
Then you 'll need a load of threaded rods , nuts and bolts , wire , and a selection of electric motors - but Dr Bowyer assures us that all that kit is available in the nearest DIY store or Maplin .
You 'll still need a small lathe to drill out a bolt to make the melting chamber , so it 's not quite a spare - room project yet , though you could always buy one of those online too .
Dr Bowyer reckons it takes a beginner about ten days to put together their first machine , after which they can print out coat hooks , cups and anything else they can export from a CAD package .
The machine takes Polylactic Acid ( PLA ) , or Acrylonitrile butadiene styrene ( more or less what Lego is made of ) , from a standard plastic - wielder 's roll and deposits dots of it in layers to build up the shape .
You could , of course , just buy a bag of Polymorph , drop it into boiling water and burn your fingers moulding into your desired shape while it cools - that would be cheaper and a lot less effort , but the RepRap can create objects to a much higher degree of accuracy than is possible with slightly - burnt fingers ( accurate to .1 mm , with each dot being .5 mm in size ) , and it can do so repeatedly .
Not to mention that Dr Bowyer wants to see RepRap doing production - line work rather than prototyping , and even claims that RepRap is a green solution in that it removes the need to ship injection - moulded products around the world - a claim that would make more sense if it would n't remain necessary to ship rolls of welder 's plastic around the world instead , even if PLA can be made from vegetable starch .
Dr Bowyer is nothing if not optimistic about how his machine will change the world , having designed it to run off a car battery with visions of RepRaps reproducing themselves in jungle villages - albeit ones equipped with a small lathe , a B&Q and a Maplin .
Recreating electric circuits is a challenge , though in the last few days it has been done using a dual - head design to lay down a conductor , and be might be possible to create a 3D labyrinthine circuit of tunnels into which a low - melting - point conductor can be poured .
But that 's going to have to wait until version three at least .
For version two the emphasis is on size , mobility , and the ability to use a second head .
A second head can be used for a second material - a conductor , or a different coloured plastic , or something water - soluble that can be used to support overhanging components ( the team is currently experimenting with icing sugar ) .
The existing model is also rather fragile , and takes about a day to recalibrate if moved , but will still be able to print out the unique parts needed to make its replacement - which can then be completed with a swift shopping trip and a few hours in the machine shop .
So we need n't worry about being overrun by self - replicating machines just yet . ®
Homosexual protesters are planning to gather at a conference in London tomorrow featuring a therapist who helps men struggling with same - sex attraction .
Activist groups say Dr Joseph Nicolosi ’s therapy is “ dangerous ” , arguing that the conference is giving a platform to “ homophobic ” ideas .
Listen to Dr Nicolosi discussinghis approach
Many advocates of ‘ gay rights ’ legislation argue that homosexuality is fixed , like race , rather than a changeable characteristic .
However , other homosexuals have insisted it is a choice .
Dr Nicolosi will speak at a two - day conference , organised by Christian groups Anglican Mainstream and CARE , which will have “ a special focus on how religious professionals and friends / relatives can respond biblically and pastorally to those struggling with unwanted SSA ( same - sex attraction ) ” .
Dr Nicolosi told the BBC his approach focuses on men’s “ sense of self , self - esteem , relational issues , attachment issues , intimacy issues ” rather than homosexual activity itself .
However , he says , by addressing these deeper issues many men find a “ diminishment in their homosexual temptations ” and “ an increase in their attraction towards women ” .
Around two in three men change their sexual orientation as a result of the therapy , he says .
Dr Nicolosi said he has “ a great deal of evidence showing that these individuals are not harmed and that the therapy does work ” , which he hopes will be accepted by the American Psychiatric Association ( APA ) .
He refuted claims that the APA did not accept that sexual orientation could change , saying that although they are “ cautious ” they do not dismiss the evidence “ out of hand ” .
The UK ’s Royal College of Psychiatrists , however , said : “ There is no sound scientific evidence that sexual orientation can be changed .
“ Furthermore , so - called treatments of homosexuality create a setting in which prejudice and discrimination can flourish . ”
But earlier this year a survey of over 1,400 mental health professionals found that 17 per cent had assisted at least one client to reduce or change his or her feelings for members of the same sex .
Last year DUP MP Iris Robinson faced a barrage of criticism after she mentioned the possibility of therapy to help people with unwanted homosexual feelings .
The Bishop of Chester was investigated by the Cheshire constabulary in November 2003 after he told his local newspaper of research showing that some homosexuals re-orientated to heterosexuality .
The police passed a file to the Crown Prosecution Service who decided not to prosecute .
The Church of England has officially distanced itself from tomorrow ’s conference , where around 150 protesters are so far expected to gather , but Anglican Mainstream say Dr Nicolosi ’s approach needs to be made known .
A spokesperson for the Lesbian and Gay Foundation said : “ It is worrying to hear of this conference aimed at promoting such a deplorable and dangerous approach to therapy , and giving a platform to homophobic ideas . ”
However , Dr Nicolosi told the BBC : “ It ’s easy to stereotype this kind of therapy as we ’re forcing them to do this behaviour or that behaviour ; it ’s not about the behaviour it ’s about attachment , it ’s about making that emotional bonding , feeling like you ’re a man , feeling like you ’re one of the men , and feeling accepted by them , and that seems to diminish the homosexual desire . ”
He added : “ We ’re working with them fundamentally – it ’s not about behaviour , it ’s not about self - control or directing their temptations , it ’s not about that at all .
“ These individuals actually experience a diminishment in their homosexual temptations , and they experience an increase in their attraction towards women . ”
Remember the story sent by Neatorama reader Chris Whiteoak about Google Street View Car in Bradford , England , that got pulled over by the police ?
Well , the street view has been released for UK , and Chris noticed that the entire drama was caught on the all - seeing Google 's cam !
Chris walking down the street just before he noticed the police car up the road ( pan left to see it in the distance ) |
Police in pursuit , picking up a fellow policeman | Police pulling over the Google Street View Car
Thanks Chris !
Update 4/7/09 - Seems like this story went everywhere !
Besides being featured on Digg 's front page , Chris told us that a few newspapers also picked it up .
Here are the articles on The Sun , The Telegraph and Argus , Daily Mail , and Metro .
Of course , none of these fine newspaper even mentioned Neatorama ;)
Politicians must offset damage from man-made pollution , the report says A team of environmental researchers in the US has warned many effects of climate change are irreversible .
The scientists concluded global temperatures could remain high for 1,000 years , even if carbon emissions can somehow be halted .
The report by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration in Colorado comes as President Obama announces a review of vehicle emission standards .
It appears in the journal Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences .
The scientists have been researching global warming and the consequences for policymakers .
People have imagined that if we stopped emitting carbon dioxide the climate would go back to normal in 100 years , 200 year - that 's not true
Susan Solomon
Lead author
The team warned that , if carbon levels in the atmosphere continued to rise , there would be less rainfall in already dry areas of southern Europe , North America , parts of Africa and Australia .
The scientists say the oceans are currently slowing down global warming by absorbing heat , but they will eventually release that heat back into the air .
They say politicians must now offset environmental damage already done by man-made pollution .
" People have imagined that if we stopped emitting carbon dioxide the climate would go back to normal in 100 years , 200 year - that 's not true , " said researcher Susan Solomon , the lead author of the report , quoted by AP news agency .
Their conclusions come as President Obama ordered the US Environmental Protection Agency to review rules on carbon emissions from passenger vehicles .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Let the Right Ones In : 10 Bands That Should Be in the Rock 'n Roll Hall of Fame , Rock Hall Snubs
Music Home / Entertainment Channel / Bullz - Eye Home
The 23rd annual induction ceremony for the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is coming up , and with it comes the annual bitchfest by music fans and critics as to which bands deserve to get in and which do not .
The general public has no say in the nomination or induction process ; instead , an anonymous committee chooses the nominations , which are then voted on by an equally anonymous group of 500 " rock experts . "
Bands are eligible for induction 25 years after the release of their first record .
Usually there 's little controversy when it comes to the artists chosen for induction , with the real debates circling around those artists who have yet to be recognized by the Hall of Fame .
The Hall has its prejudices when it comes to selecting those worthy enough for induction .
Heavy metal , punk and prog rock have a hard time getting in , while anyone with an obvious blues or country influence seems to be a shoe - in .
It also helps to be American or British ; no artists from mainland Europe , Africa , South America or Asia have been inducted yet .
With that in mind , Bullz - Eye has selected 10 artists , listed in chronological order of their eligibility , that we feel have been given the shaft by the Hall .
These are by no means the 10 " best " artists who have failed to be inducted ; just 10 " of the best " who have not yet gotten their due .
The Hollies
Eligible since : 1988
The Beach Boys had their harmonies , the Kinks their songwriting , the Who harbored propulsion .
But the Hollies boasted all of that and more , and they continue to rank as one of the most proficient pop bands of their era , and , for that matter , all time .
Although often underappreciated – especially by those who dismissed them as a mere singles outfit – they proffered album sides that were easily the equal of the songs that allowed them to top the charts .
It was their blend of voices that caught immediate attention , but beneath the vocal weave of Allan Clarke , Graham Nash and Tony Hicks ( and later , Terry Sylvester ) , they could claim a durable rhythm section in drummer Bobby Elliot and bassist Bernie Calvert .
In fact , their concise , compelling melodies and exacting , imaginative arrangements rivaled the Beatles at their best .
The band 's most prolific period extended from the early ' 60s well into the ' 70s , but even when the hits dried up , the band soldiered on and made music that still sounds every bit as effusive and exuberant today as it did when the Hollies were at their heights .
– Lee Zimmerman
The Stooges
Eligible since : 1994
The Stooges self - titled debut came out in 1969 and it's hard to imagine just how abrasive and loud the Stooges must have sounded to audiences at the time .
Try putting them in context : the biggest albums of that year were Abbey Road , Blood , Sweat & Tears ' self - titled record that had the hit " Spinning Wheel " and the original cast recording of " Hair . "
One of the biggest singles was " Sugar Sugar " by the Archies .
Contrast that with " I Wanna Be Your Dog , " and a sense of just how far ahead of the times they were begins to develop .
They were so much of an influence on punk rock that they were retroactively dubbed " proto punk " by the media years later , no doubt because of their stripped down , abrasive , feedback - laden sound that lived on to influence acts as diverse as Nirvana , Sonic Youth , Guns n' Roses and the White Stripes .
The Stooges were one of the architects of modern rock music , and their continued exclusion into the Hall is mind - boggling .
They were expected to finally get in this year , but instead the Hall decided to that Jeff Beck needed to get in for the second time ( he was also inducted as part of the Yardbirds ) .
Still , of all the bands on this list , the Stooges probably have the best shot at making it in at some point .
– James Eldred
Kraftwerk
Eligible since : 1995
In terms of worldwide influence , the only bands who have done more than Kraftwerk to advance the sound of modern music are maybe the Beatles and Led Zeppelin , and that 's a big maybe .
While a few others came before them , Kraftwerk was the first band to take electronic music out of the realm of novelty and into critical and popular acclaim .
Kraftwerk did something that almost no one before them did , and that 's create something wholly original , seemingly drawing inspiration from no one other than themselves .
It 's impossible to trace their influence to individual bands , entire genres owe their creation to Kraftwerk ; rap , disco , house music , synthpop , punk , new wave , indie rock , the musical landscape has been shaped by Kraftwerk in so many ways that it's hard to comprehend it without the help of a flowchart .
Many cite the " they 're not rock music " argument when discussing acts like Kraftwerk , but that argument holds little water , since funk , rap and jazz acts gain entry to the Hall with regularity .
The Hall 's refusal to recognize electronic music begins with their refusal to recognize Kraftwerk , and there 's no excuse for it .
It 's flat - out wrong and it needs to be addressed if they want to maintain any sense of credibility as the years go on .
–JE
ABBA
Eligible since : 1998
Suggesting any disco band for induction into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame is tough call .
Disco was nearly responsible for the death of rock , after all .
But ABBA is a band so popular , so big , so freaking massive that they really transcend their genre .
Their sales achievements are staggering ; over 370 million records sold , over a dozen hit singles , one of the best - selling greatest hits compilations of all time , a hit musical ( that was later turned into a hit movie ) , the list is seemingly endless .
Disco is n't a stranger to the Hall ; the Bee Gees were inducted in 1997 , and their contribution to both disco and music as a whole is arguably less than the Swedish powerhouse .
The Bees Gees career was one of ups and downs , but ABBA hit the ground running and when they split in 1982 , they were still the biggest act in disco and arguably the biggest act in the world .
If they got back together tomorrow , they'd have a sold - out stadium tour by the end of the week .
As far as influence goes , ABBA 's reach on modern music may not be incredibly obvious , but it 's a safe bet that dance music owes a great deal to ABBA 's unending supply of melodies , near - perfect harmonies and instantly memorable hooks .
–JE
Rush
Eligible since : 1999
We are loath to use album sales as a measure of a band 's true worth , but it 's worth noting that Rush 's first 16 studio albums , spanning 22 years , have sold a minimum of 500,000 copies each .
The only band with a longer gold - or - better sales streak is the Stones .
Aerosmith is just behind Rush , with 14 straight gold - or - better albums , and U2 will probably get there if the band does n't kill Bono first .
Fittingly , Aerosmith , U2 and the Stones are all in the Hall ; Rush , however , are not , and their exclusion can be boiled down to three words : critics hate prog .
The band , of course , gave up their more excessive prog tendencies 30 years ago ( though they kept the irregular time signatures for when they 're feeling frisky ) , and evolved from their admittedly inauspicious stoner - rock debut into one of the most muscular , experimental and consistent groups of the rock era .
They even managed to maintain a strong presence on MTV at a time when their rock peers were being shipped off to the video vault in the sky .
Most importantly , as evidenced on their 2007 album Snakes and Arrows , they can still play , refusing to let time diminish their considerable skills .
The Rock Hall voters ' refusal to acknowledge Rush 's enduring popularity , not to mention their ever - growing influence on younger bands , is n't just unfair ; it 's lazy .
– David Medsker
Journey
Eligible since : 2000
Journey are a people 's band , always have been .
Never critically loved in the least , they 've maintained a substantial following over the years , even after Steve Perry bolted in the '90s .
" Do n't Stop Believin ' " is a cultural landmark , and " Faithfully , " " Open Arms " and " Separate Ways ( Worlds Apart ) " have soft - rocked their way into the hearts of millions .
Sure they may be nothing more than corporate arena rock engineered for mass appeal , but so were the Eagles , and they got in .
If nothing else , the Hall 's continued snubbery of Journey is proof of their snobbery ; they simply do n't want a band as pop and populist as Journey .
If that was n't enough , Journey also has the curse of the revolving line - up .
Who would the hall induct ?
While Journey is mostly known for their late - 70s / early - 80s arena rock output with Steve Perry , the group has been around since the early ' 70s ( they actually started as Santana 's backup band ) and over a dozen people have come and gone since then .
But if the Hall can get around the rotating line - ups of groups like Fleetwood Mac , the Pretenders and the giant clusterfunk that is Parliament - Funkadelic , then they should be able to figure this out .
It 's a long shot , but fans of the group should never stop believing , as Journey 's reputation and credibility only seems to be growing in recent years .
–JE
Cheap Trick
Eligible since : 2002
There is a great joke about a metal head , a punker and a power pop fan at what would now be their 25 - year high school reunion , talking about how much they love Cheap Trick 's " Surrender " ( go here if you 'd like to read the joke in full ) .
The punch line – which is naturally at the expense of the power pop fan – is almost beside the point ; the reason the joke exists is because there are fewer bands with broader appeal than what Cheap Trick possessed at the height of their powers .
Seriously , is there another band alive that could count jocks , punkers , dorks and screaming teenage girls in their fan base ?
We think not , and we 'll go one better : Cheap Trick arguably launched more bands than the Beatles .
The entire power pop scene of the mid to late '90s has more in common with Cheap Trick 's first four albums than anything in the Beatles ' catalog , and bands from Smashing Pumpkins to Weezer to Fountains of Wayne have stolen from Cheap Trick 's playbook .
Their singer has one of the all - time great voices in rock , their drummer makes a three - piece set sound positively huge , and their guitarist was a pioneer in custom guitar design and nerd chic .
Oh , and they can still kick your ass in concert .
It mystifies us that the Hall does n't want to want them .
–DM
Motorhead
Eligible since : 2002
Motorhead has done a lot more in their 30 - year - plus career than prove that you do n't need a singer that can actually sing .
They invented a genre ( speed metal ) , released quite possibly the greatest heavy metal song of all time ( " Ace of Spades " ) , and inspired some of the greatest bands of all time , including 2009 Rock Hall inductees Metallica .
And unlike many other heavy metal bands , Motorhead has served as inspiration to a variety of bands in a variety of genres .
Sure , they may have paved the way for Anthrax and their thrash metal ilk , but Motorhead 's influence can be heard in punk music of the ' 80s and '90s , alternative rock groups such as Queens of the Stone Age and even in electronic and new wave music ( industrial music is basically thrash metal with keyboards ) .
The Hall hates metal , for some reason – it even took them 11 years to get off their asses and induct Black Sabbath .
And if Ozzy and company can barely squeak into the Hall of Fame , an underground act like Motorhead does n't have a prayer .
Pity .
–JE
Def Leppard
Eligible since : 2005
Motorhead was one end of the New Wave of British Heavy Metal , abrasive and mean as all hell .
Def Leppard is firmly on the other side , as pop-friendly and accessible as possible .
But let 's get one thing straight : Def Leppard was n't just another ' 80s metal band .
They were the ' 80s metal band .
Hysteria is the best - selling rock album of that decade , selling over 20 million copies worldwide and spawning an unheard - of seven hit singles .
That 's more than most bands have in their career .
For further proof that Def Leppard is a band with rare company , check this stat : Def Leppard are one of only five rock bands to have two studio albums that have sold over 10 million copies each in the US .
Who are the other four ?
The Beatles , Led Zeppelin , Pink Floyd and Van Halen .
But unlike those other bands , Def Leppard 's legacy is largely ignored , since people usually judge them alongside the many inferior bands that followed in their wake .
But you should n't judge a group because of its soundalikes – if you did , Pearl Jam would be forever exiled because of Creed .
Sadly , the Hall does n't look too brightly at metal , no matter how polished and glossy it is .
–JE
The Dead Kennedys
Eligible since : 2005
Is there room for Jello in the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame ?
Every other notable act from the first wave of punk rock , the Clash , the Ramones and the Sex Pisotls , has been inducted by now .
But the Dead Kennedys have n't been as much as nominated and it's arguable that Dead Kennedys were even more influential than their early punk rock counterparts .
The Ramones practically invented punk , and while the Clash brought political ideas into punk and the Sex Pistols attitude , the Dead Kennedys combined both to create snotty , rage - filled anthems detailing left - wing political ideologies and overall dissent with modern life .
Revolutionary concepts had n't been that fun since the Boston Tea Party , and every band with a chip on its shoulder and revolution delusions can be traced back to The Dead Kennedys .
Ironically enough , while the band 's views of world politics made them legends , the internal politics between them now may be what 's blocking their induction .
Jello Biafra and the rest of the group do n't get along in the least , with lawsuits and replacement lead singers clouding the band 's legacy over the past decade or so .
That , combined with Biafra 's notorious distaste for nostalgia , pretty much assure that he would take no part in the induction ceremony , and the Hall probably does n't want another Sex Pistols incident on their hands .
–JE
A final thought
Let 's just be honest : the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame is really nothing more than a popularity contest , with the winners being chosen by an increasingly out - of - touch panel of " rock experts . "
Popularity of a band can be measured in sales , but how can someone measure talent , or influence ?
The voters seem to have a set definition of both , and that definition excludes most of the greatest and most influential bands of multiple generations .
You can follow us on Twitter and Facebook for content updates .
Also , sign up for our email list for weekly updates and check us out on Google + as well .
Around the Web
Should anyone even care about the Hall of Fame anymore ?
The building itself is run down , with poorly maintained exhibits that are woefully out of date .
Besides , the list of outcasts is starting to look more impressive than the list of inductees .
They can keep Jeff Beck , the Eagles and James Taylor ; we 'll be standing outside with Iron Maiden , Judas Priest , Joy Division , the Cars , Devo , the Replacements , Roxy Music , Stevie Ray Vaughan , Sonic Youth , the Smiths , Kiss , MC5 , Donovan , the Moody Blues , Jethro Tull , ELP , King Crimson , Yes , Deep Purple , Alice Cooper , Nick Lowe , Genesis ....
Posted on 19 February 2009 by Quaid
There is nothing better than a good monster movie … except , on very rare occasions , for a bad monster movie .
That ’s what Deep Rising is .
Only , it seems to know it , and that changes the whole game .
In fact , I wondered whether or not I should even call this a guilty pleasure .
The debate about whether director Stephen Sommers knows this is a bad movie and embraces it could go on forever , but I believe he knows exactly what he is doing .
We start out on a boat cruising along the stormy open ocean waters and are introduced to our hero , Captain Finnegan ( portrayed by Treat Williams ) .
Then we are introduced to Kevin J. O’Connor ’s Pantucci , the resident mechanic on this vessel .
He is the plucky comic relief–a smart guy who is a little wimpy and always reacts to the horrible atrocities around him in a hilariously realistic way .
It turns out this crew is toting a group of soldiers across the ocean to some undisclosed location .
By the time they realize the soldiers plan to shoot torpedos at a luxury ocean liner , however , it ’s too late to stop the armed mercenaries .
But it does n’t really matter , because the ocean liner has already been decimated by monstrous creatures of the deep .
Once the mercenaries arrive and board the other vessel , nearly everyone is dead … all except for your resident “ I - built - this - ship ” villain , Famke Janssen , and a group of throwaway characters you know are going to die pretty quickly .
It sounds terribly standard , and it is , but there is a fun little twist with which the film is directed that lets you know Sommers “ gets it . ”
Whenever our mercenaries deliver the bad dialogue , they do it in an over - the - top action movie way .
They scream and point their guns and act like Alpha Males .
Famke and our hero crew , however , are cheeky and fun and level - headed .
They feel like they belong in an adventure romp instead of a monster movie .
It ’s as if Jack Burton met up with the Marines from The Rock .
And even though the dialogue and events are almost 100 % standard , the scenes are played for dark and wicked comedy .
Finnegan , Pantucci , and Famke all seem to roll their eyes at the action movie cliches and characters , and some of the exchanges between Pantucci and the mercenaries are priceless .
And when the monster does show up , it is a surprisingly badass and scary design–seemingly never - ending and pulsating tentacles with multiple sets of jaws and razor - sharp teeth attached .
The CG looks very 1998 , but we can forgive that , or even embrace it as part of the film ’s self - aware b-movie charm .
I ’m going to spoil a scene for you .
Because it illustrates why this movie works when it should n’t …
Our loveable Pantucci , after almost being murdered by the very serious and selfish mercenary leader , Hanover , comes across Hanover in one of the rooms of the cruise ship .
At first he backs away in fear .
But then he looks again and realizes that Hanover is being slowly digested by a huge toothy tentacle which has engulfed him up to the waiste .
Pantucci begins to flee , but thinks better of it .
He turns , walks back to a silent and pained - looking Hanover , and hands him a handgun .
“ Do n’t say I never gave you nothing . ”
This is every cliche in the horror / action movie book …
Then Pantucci turns , and as he is moving out of the room , Hanover fires a shot at Pantucci .
Pantucci stops , pissed off and shocked , and belts out an indecent insult before running away .
Ooh , but wait !
The best part is coming up !
Hanover slowly turns the gun on himself , pointing it at his head .
He pulls the trigger .
Click .
No bullets .
The camera flies above him as he wails in pain and the tentacle pulls him deeper .
This kind of sums up the tone of the movie .
And it ’s also the only time in the movie that a gun runs out of ammo .
All the mercenaries are toting illogically huge and powerful BFGs .
They seem proud of themselves , even going so far as to , in one scene , shoot violently at nothing , screaming their heads off , while Finnegan and Pantucci roll their eyes .
This is fun from top to bottom .
From Famke beating a man with her shoe to the greatest sea-monster versus ski- doo chase scene in the history of cinema , this movie knows it is walking that fine line between comedy and horror , between bad and good and so - bad - it ’s - good .
And I do n’t know that it ever makes a glaring mistake .
If you are still wondering whether you should take this movie seriously at the end , the movie ’s last shot answers that question fairly definitively .
Sheer brilliance .
When you want a very fun movie with some cool monsters , a beautiful woman , and a Jack Burton - esque hero , this is it .
I say Jack Burton - esque because I could see Kurt Russell in Williams ’s role very easily .
I like to think that Finnegan is just a fake name that Burton took after he had to hide out from the monsters from Big Trouble in Little China .
That ’s how the movie feels , and that ’s how it should be watched .
I am not a huge fan of The Mummy or Van Helsing .
I feel like both of those Sommers movies got just a little too jokey .
They were a little over - the - top goofy , and it lost its fun-factor .
This , though , is right on the money .
So come on , Stephen , return to your former glory .
Give us a Deep Rising 2 : Tomb of the Dragon Emperor .
From Oak Ridge Associated Universities : " This was the most elaborate Atomic Energy educational set ever produced , but it was only only available from 1951 to 1952 .
Its relatively high price for the time ( $ 50.00 ) and its sophistication were the explanation Gilbert gave for the set 's short lifespan .
Today , it is so highly prized by collectors that a complete set can go for more than 100 times the original price .
The set came with four types of uranium ore , a beta - alpha source ( Pb - 210 ) , a pure beta source ( Ru-106 ) , a gamma source ( Zn - 65 ? ) , a spinthariscope , a cloud chamber with its own short - lived alpha source ( Po-210 ) , an electroscope , a geiger counter , a manual , a comic book and a government manual ' Prospecting for Uranium . ' "
Gilbert U- 238 Atomic Energy Lab [ via Boing Boing ]
Mac Rebennack , better known as the musician Dr. John , has been impressing audiences since the 1960s with a stage show deeply rooted in the culture of his native New Orleans .
In his heyday , Rebennack would appear on stage in a puff of smoke , decorated in Mardi Gras plumes , bones and amulets , reciting voodoo chants while spreading glitter into the audience .
But he is also a highly regarded blues , rock and jazz artist considered a solid songwriter and session musician .
In his most recent album , " The City that Care Forgot , " he criticizes the government 's response to Hurricane Katrina and plays with Eric Clapton , Willie Nelson and Ani Difranco .
Rebennack , 68 , spoke recently with Kenneth Fletcher about his wild past and concerns about the future
What kind of music did you hear growing up ?
Well , my father 's records were what they called " race records " , which was blues , rhythm and blues , traditional jazz and gospel .
He owned a record shop and had a large black clientele .
They would come by and play a record to decide if they liked it .
I got the idea as a little kid that I wanted to be a piano player , because I remember hearing [ boogie woogie pianist ]
Pete Johnson .
I thought why not just be Pete Johnson ?
But I started playing guitar because I thought I 'd never get a job playing piano .
Every guitarist I knew could get work easy .
Somewhere in the early ‘ 50s I started doing recording sessions and after that I went on the road .
How did you get back to playing piano ?
Around 1960 , I got shot in my finger before a concert .
A guy was pistol whipping Ronnie Barron , our vocalist .
Ronnie was just a kid and his mother had told me " You better look out for my son . "
Oh god , that was all I was thinking about .
I tried to stop the guy , I had my hand over the barrel and he shot .
So you switched to piano because of the injury .
You must have been playing some seedy places .
They were pretty much buckets of blood joints .
It was not a wholesome atmosphere where you could bring your family along .
There were gang fights .
The security and the police would fire guns into the crowd .
It was pretty wild .
Bourbon Street was always the touristy scene , but Canal Street , Jackson Avenue , Lasalle Street , Louisiana Avenue - all of them had strips of clubs on them .
Later [ New Orleans District Attorney ] Jim Garrison padlocked and shut down the whole music scene .
What kind of music did you play ?
All different kinds .
At one gig we might be backing up strippers and playing Duke Ellington stuff .
One girl might want flamenco or maybe belly dancing music .
Then the next gig we would play pop and R&B songs of the day .
Later there would be an after - hour jam session .
It was pretty great .
We worked 365 days a year , 12 hours a night , and did sessions during the day .
I 've always thought that my chops were a lot better then than they ever have been since .
How did you go from Mac Rebennack the backup musician , to becoming Dr. John ?
I was never fond of front men .
I did n't want to be one .
All my plans were for Ronnie Barron , the same guy who I got shot in my finger over , to be Dr. John .
Then my conga player said " Look , if Bob Dylan and Sonny and Cher can do it you can do it . "
He talked me into it .
I did my first record to keep New Orleans gris gris alive .
The Dr. John character is based on gris gris , or voodoo ?
Well yeah .
I always thought it was a beautiful part of New Orleans culture .
It 's such a blend of stuff ; African , Choctaw , Christianity , Spanish .
I just figured that if I wrote songs based on gris gris , it would help people .
A lot of the people practicing it were dying off and the kids were not following it .
I was trying to keep the traditions going .
Where did the name Dr. John came from ?
If you go back in the historical records of New Orleans there was a guy in the 1800s that was named Dr. John .
He was a free man of color , as they said in those days , and a gris gris man .
How would you describe voodoo ?
It respects all religions , it respects everything .
An old lady told me one time , " There 's nothing wrong with any religion , it 's just that man can mess up anything and make it into something very bad . "
It 's true .
It happens all the time .
Did n't you use voodoo chants into your songs ?
I went up to some of the reverend mothers and I asked them could I do a sacred song .
But I could n't do them because it was not for a ceremony .
So I wrote something similar .
One we used went " corn boule killy caw caw , walk on gilded splinters . "
It actually translates to cornbread , coffee and molasses in old Creole dialect .
It 's very connected to the real one that it 's based on .
Can you describe your stage show as Dr. John ?
We would wear large snakeskins , there was a boa constrictor , an anaconda , a lot of plumes from Mardi Gras Indians .
We were trying to present a show with the real gris gris .
We had a girl , Kolinda , who knew all of the great gris gris dances .
How did audiences react ?
We did just fine , until we got busted one day in St. Louis for a lewd and lascivious performance and cruelty to animals .
We would come out on stage wearing only body paint .
Everywhere else that was cool , but not in St. Louis .
We also had Prince Kiyama , the original chicken man .
He would bite the head off the chicken and drink the blood .
Why ?
When you offer a sacrifice in gris gris , you drink some of the blood .
In church they would chant " Kiyama drink the blood , Kiyama drink the blood . "
I thought it would be really cool to add Prince Kiyama to the show .
That was another one of my rocket scientifical ideas .
Prince Kiyama said , " If you are going to charge me with cruelty to chickens , arrest Colonel Sanders . "
It did n't go over well with the judge .
I think the courts looked at it like we were dropping acid out the wazoo .
Everybody thought we were part of the acid thing , but I do n't think any of us did that .
Your latest album , The City that Care Forgot , criticizes the government 's response to Hurricane Katrina .
None of my work has been as aggravated or disgusted as this record .
I had never felt the way I do now , seeing New Orleans and the state of Louisiana disappearing .
We 've given the world jazz , our kind of blues , a lot of great food , a lot of great things .
It 's so confusing to look at things these days .
I 'm concerned that much of the population of New Orleans is not there anymore .
There were families split apart and just dumped across the country .
A lot of people lost their homes , do n't know where their loved ones are .
I see them on the road all the time .
These people have no idea how to live in Utah or wherever they are .
Some have never left New Orleans and just do n't know how to deal with it .
On the song Save Our Wetlands , you sing " we need our wetlands to save us from the storm " ?
Our culture is getting hit from so many directions , like the oil companies cutting salt water canals that are destroying the wetlands in South Louisiana .
Seeing that makes me feel horrible .
There is more and more offshore oil drilling , and just so many stands of dead cypress trees .
I 'm just trying to tell the truth about stuff that nobody seems to wants to talk about .
Really it gets me a little crazy .
Louisiana is a small state where corruption has been rampant for too long .
The songs on this album came out of not knowing how else to get the message across .
If we do n't do what we can musically trying to help somebody , what are we here for ?
Updated September 30 , 2020
The name of Fok creates a quick , analytical , and clever mind ; you ...
All names are not equal .
Fok , the names you use create your life experiences .
Find out how the meaning of Fok and the energy of your name have shaped your life .
Request a Free Name Report .
Alphabetical First Name Meaning Index
The name of Fok creates a quick , analytical , and clever mind ; you are creative , versatile , original , and independent .
creates a quick , analytical , and clever mind ; you are creative , versatile , original , and independent .
You have large ambitions , and it is difficult for you to be tolerant and understanding of those who desire less in life or who are more slow and methodical by nature .
Patience is not your forte .
You do , however , have leadership ability and would never be happy in a subservient position .
You are ambitious and aggressive by nature .
You would be happiest in positions where you are free to express individually and creatively and where opportunities are not restricted ; you desire freedom , and do not tolerate being possessed by others .
You appreciate change and travel , and the opportunity to meet and mix with others , and to influence them with your creative ideas .
You are very self - confident and feel you can accomplish anything you set out to do , and you can , although , this name does not allow proper completion of undertakings , and forced changes cause financial losses and bitter experiences .
This name also creates caustic expression and moods which prevent harmony and happiness in close association .
Fok - Detailed Meaning
The name of Fok creates a quick , versatile , analytical , and clever mind .
You are humanitarian , inclined to champion the underdog or to defend a cause where you feel there is an injustice .
Having vision , imagination , and big ideas , you find it difficult to understand those who settle for less in life .
Change , travel , and opportunities for new experiences are of vital importance to you .
You would be drawn to an occupation that challenges you mentally and provides an outlet for your persuasive promotional skills .
Projects that allow you to explore and expand new concepts , and express creatively with no restrictions , bring the most satisfaction .
Preferring to be your own boss , you resent being in a subservient position unless you hold those above you in high regard , and your ideas are listened to and respected .
Because you are ambitious , self reliant , and confident , you can accomplish anything you set your mind to ; however , you sometimes lose interest before reaching your objective .
An inclination to force untimely changes can undermine success and result in financial losses and bitter experiences .
Patience is not your forte , especially with those who are more methodical by nature .
There could be issues in close relationships because of your need for freedom : you seek stability , yet rebel against what you see as restrictions ; and you recognize your responsibilities , yet rail against the sense of being trapped or tied down by others .
You are strong in your opinions and slow to listen to what others have to offer .
Disappointments create an intensity in your thinking that can make you feel moody and depressed , or cause you to be caustic in your expression towards those you love the most .
This name is not sufficiently stable to bring adequate rewards for your efforts .
When under strain , tension could affect the stomach and solar plexus causing indigestion or ulcers .
Unless you have an outlet for your pent - up energy , your tendency to worry because of misunderstandings or pressures of responsibilities could cause you to lose sleep and disturb your peace of mind .
Health Analysis
When under strain , tension could affect the stomach and solar plexus .
There is a tendency for you to worry .
Your date of birth determines your unique core purpose , the reason for your life .
Whether your core purpose fully expresses depends upon all the names you use !
Find out the energy created by your names by requesting a Free Name and Birthdate Report .
Gender : Male_ Female
First Name :
Last Name :
Birth Date :
January February March April May June July August September October November December 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31 Birth Year :
( enter as 4 digits )
Prepare My Name Report [ Show Optional Form for Detailed Analysis ]
This section is optional
but completing any names
which apply to you will
increase the accuracy and
detail of the analysis .
Legal First Name :
Legal Last
Name :
Nicknames : # 1
# 2
# 3
Business
Signatures :
( Enter the initials
and / or names in
your most used
signatures ) # 1
# 2
Examples :
# 1 : John Smith
# 2 : J Smith
Middle Name # 1 :
Middle Name # 2 :
Other First Name :
Other Last Name :
First Name at birth :
( if different from
your current name )
Last Name at birth :
Future First Name :
( being considered )
Future Last Name :
Prepare My Name Report We Are Here To Help Questions ?
Please call our main centre in Vancouver , Canada toll - free at 866-489-1188 ( or 604-263-9551 outside of North America . )
Click here to read reviews and testimonials .
Do not Choose Baby Names Here !
Although some names possibly appear suitable and have some of the qualities you are looking for , the name may not harmonize with your last name and the baby 's birth date and could create restrictions and lack of success .
Call us before choosing a baby name at 1-866-489-1188 ( toll - free in North America ) or 604-263-9551 .
We would be happy to assist you or visit our baby name page for more information .
Name Meaning Links
Security experts have made a breakthrough in their five - month battle against the Conficker worm , with the discovery that the malware leaves a fingerprint on infected machines that is easy to detect using a variety of off - the - shelf network scanners .
The finding means that , for the first time , administrators around the world have easy - to - use tools to positively identify machines on their networks that are contaminated by the worm .
As of mid-Monday , signatures will be available for at least half a dozen network scanning programs , including the open - source Nmap , McAfee 's Foundstone Enterprise and Nessus , made by Tenable Network Security .
Up to now there were only two ways to detect Conficker , and neither was easy .
One was to monitor outbound connections for each computer on a network , an effort that had already proved difficult for organizations with machines that count into the hundreds of thousands or millions .
With the advent of the Conficker C variant , traffic monitoring became a fruitless endeavour because the malware has been programmed to remain dormant until April 1 .
The only other method for identifying Conficker - infected computers was to individually scan each one , another measure that placed onerous requirements on admins .
The discovery of Conficker 's tell - tale heart two days before activation may prove to be an ace up the sleeve of the the white hat security world .
" This is an extraordinarily inexpensive , not - very - time - intensive way of finding machines on your network that are actually running malicious software , " said Dan Kaminsky , one of the three researchers who discovered the Conficker fingerprint .
" This is not something we get to do all the time .
Most pieces of malicious software are not that easy to find . "
The availability of the new Conficker definitions is the result of the sleuthing and quick response of an industry - wide cast of characters , said Kaminsky , who is director of penetration testing at security company IOActive .
The finding came Friday afternoon as Kaminsky pored over data that members of the Honeynet Project had collected on the worm .
Along with Honeynet 's Tillmann Werner and Felix Leder , Kaminsky soon noticed that Conficker changes the way a small piece of the Windows operating system acts .
The behavior , located in pre-authentication routines before users enter file - sharing passwords , makes easy - to - identify changes to the way machines look on a network .
" Once I heard that Conficker had code running on the anonymous surface , I said ' Wait , we can fingerprint that , ' " Kaminsky said .
" If you can get packets to a box , you can find out fairly reliably whether it's infected with Conficker . "
Kaminsky said he then turned to help from Securosis researcher Rich Mogull , who on Saturday began mobilizing providers of network scanning products to add the Conficker definitions as soon as possible .
" This is the fastest turn - around I 've ever seen , " Kaminsky said .
Products from Qualys and ncircle are also expected to add anti-Conficker detection signatures .
Werner and Leder have developed their own proof - of - concept scanner , which is available here .
Since showing up a few days after Microsoft released an emergency patch for Windows in late October , Conficker has elicited a grudging admiration from security professionals , who can't help acknowledging the worm 's sophistication .
It attacked multiple vectors , was able to crack passwords and spread like wildfire , infecting more than ten million boxes in just a few months ' time , by some estimates .
Conficker 's profile has only grown larger in the past few weeks as the calendar slowly approaches April 1 .
That 's the day that machines infected with Conficker C will be able to tap into a much larger pool of internet addresses to receive instructions - 50,000 instead of the previous 250 .
But it would appear the evil geniuses who spawned the malware made a fatal error that until now had gone unnoticed .
Its discovery just a few days before an important deadline could lead to its eradication - but only if network admins worldwide put down what they 're doing and make use of the tools now .
" We have no idea what Conficker is going to do on April 1 , " Kaminsky said .
" Certainly there is no reason anyone wants to find out on their network .
My recommendation is that people run one of the vulnerability scanners on Monday or Tuesday . " ®
City life can be exhausting .
A long daily commute through a concrete jungle of gray and brown is a reality of life for many in and around our urban areas .
But amid this manmade , non-organic reality , small urban yards can be the sanctuary we need to escape , relax and recharge after a tiring day .
You may be fortunate enough to have a lawn , and if so you should n’t take this for granted .
Taking care of your lawn can often be an enjoyable and relaxing activity , and it creates a beautiful space for you to enjoy with friends , family and neighbors alike .
The first thing you need to consider when caring for your lawn is how you intend to keep it maintained .
In an urban space , it is important to make the most of the area that you have , so you can get the fullest experience from your yard .
This invariably means
Read the rest of this entry »
BMW is pushing ahead with its second - generation Efficient Dynamics green car technology – with help from space scientists at NASA .
Employing a thermoelectric generator similar in principle to those developed to power satellites will , according to BMW ’s head of development Klaus Draeger , boost economy by some 5 % on the combined cycle .
Expect to see the new Efficient Dynamics tech in showrooms by 2014 .
Explain how satellites are going to help future BMWs travel further on less fuel please …
Thermoelectric generators – or TEGs – convert heat differences between radioactive metals to generate electricity .
With car engines expending a high percentage of their energy in the form of heat , BMW has hooked up a TEG to a prototype ’s exhaust system to generate around 200W of power .
‘ Some of the heat generated by combustion is converted to electric energy which is then fed back into the car ’s power supply to feed high - demand systems such as climate controls , ’ Draeger told CAR Online .
Sounds like something that crazy Doc Brown hooked up to his DeLorean in Back To The Future …
Well , a thermoelectric generator sure sounds cooler than common - rail injection , but we ’ll have to wait some time according to Draeger .
‘ Already at the prototype test stage now , these generators will be in series production on our cars within the next five years , ’ he added , saying that the anticipated 5 % economy boost was bigger than the combined efforts of stop - start and brake energy regeneration – cornerstone features of the company ’s current Dynamic Efficiency technology that already allows BMW to meet upcoming 2012 and 2015 EU regulations .
What else has BMW got up its efficiency sleeve ?
While it recently announced that it would be introducing an eight - speed automatic transmission for its volume models in preference to double - clutch units – promising significantly reduced internal friction levels and a wider spread of gears for enhanced economy – BMW told CAR that it has now developed the means to hook up this transmission to its stop - start system .
Previously only manual boxes could work with the stop - start technology , restricting the system to a minority of BMW models .
Expect the new 7 - series , X6 and next year ’s 5 - series to be the first models to benefit from these lightweight and quick - shifting boxes .
A virus that causes a universal childhood infection is often passed from parent to child at birth , not in the blood but in the DNA , according to a new study .
Researchers found that most babies infected with the HHV - 6 virus , which causes roseola , had the virus integrated into their chromosomes .
Not only that , but either the father or mother also had the virus in the chromosomes , suggesting it was a germline transmission – passed on in egg or sperm .
“ This is really a unique mechanism for congenital infections , ” said Caroline Breese Hall , a pediatrician at the University of Rochester Medical Center in New York who led the study .
Her team is now investigating what this means for the children .
Advertisement
“ If you have a chromosome that has got a virus integrated into it , what does it mean ?
What does it do ?
Can it activate again ?
Can it start spewing out virus and cause problems ?
Can you get an immune response to it ? ”
Hall said .
Fever and rash
The questions are critical because nearly everybody is infected with HHV - 6 .
It is a herpes virus that causes roseola – an infection marked by high fever and the usual vague virus symptoms that may include respiratory or stomach problems .
About 20 % of children also have a characteristic sudden rash that appears just as the fever breaks .
Hall ’s team studied 250 infants , 85 with HHV - 6 .
Of them , 43 were born with the virus and 42 were infected later .
Most of the babies born with the virus – a congenital infection – had the virus in the chromosome .
Hall said the assumption had been that the virus somehow crossed the placenta from mother to child , but in 86 % of cases , it was inherited directly in the genetic material .
Just 14 % were infected across the placenta .
Tests showed either the mother or the father – but not both – also had HHV - 6 in the chromosomes .
“ Because we know a parent already had the virus in the chromosome , we know that it did n’t spontaneously wiggle its way in once the baby got it , ” Hall said .
Woven into DNA
There were several spots where the virus integrated into the DNA , but usually right at the end of the chromosome , where a key structure called the telomere is found .
Telomeres protect the chromosome and are involved in aging and immune response .
The virus is everywhere in people who inherit it , Hall said .
“ In your hair , your nails , your skin , your blood , and at very high titers ( levels ) , ” she said .
The babies infected this way did not appear ill but Hall wants to follow them as they grow up to see if they develop normally .
They all had antibodies to HHV - 6 , which is evidence of an immune reaction of some sort .
There is no drug licensed to treat HHV - 6 infection .
Other viruses are known to integrate into the DNA and pass on from parent to child , but these so - called human endogenous retroviruses have never been known to cause symptoms or activate an immune response .
Journal reference : Pediatrics , in press
Saudi police are investigating the origins of a hoax that had hundreds of people believing that old sewing machines may bring fortune because they contained an elusive , and probably mythical , substance known as red mercury .
Saudi newspapers on Tuesday published pictures of Saudis proudly posing next to old sewing machines awaiting prospective buyers at traditional markets .
The English - language Saudi Gazette newspaper said some buyers were willing to pay up to 200,000 riyals ( $ 50,000 ) for an old Singer sewing machine proven to contain red mercury .
Mobile phones are supposedly employed as instruments to prove the existence of the phony substance .
Popular belief in the Middle East has it that it can help uncover hidden gold treasures , though there are other theories which say it can be used to create a nuclear bomb .
"
If the line cuts off when the telephone is placed close to the needle ... that proves the existence of the substance , " Saudi Gazette said .
Al - Eqtisadiah newspaper said " poverty provided a fertile ground for the red mercury rumor to spread in Saudi society , especially the middle class .
"
" We have to find out who started this hoax .
We cannot be 100 percent sure of getting in the short - term to the person or persons who started this , " an interior ministry spokesman told Reuters .
" People hope to make profit .
This is no different to cases of citizens who put their money in untrustworthy schemes , " he added .
Thousands of Saudi citizens have lost their life savings to financial scams consisting mainly of operations to raise money for real estate projects .
Editing by Thomas Atkins and Paul Casciato
El Salvador 's former Marxist guerrillas , who fought one of the bitterest conflicts of the Cold War , finally won power through the ballot box after a tight election victory over their right - wing civil war foes .
After years as a peaceful opposition party , the Farabundo Marti National Liberation Front , or FMLN , cashed in on fatigue over the ruling party 's 20 years in office and fears of the world economic crisis to narrowly take yesterday 's presidential election .
FMLN candidate Mauricio Funes , a former TV journalist , beat ARENA 's Rodrigo Avila by nearly 3 percentage points , scotching the notion that the ex-rebels were unelectable due to their violent past and El Salvador 's pro-US history .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Funes , 49 , never fought in the 1980 - 92 civil war and he urged unity and reconciliation with the ruling party , whose founder was closely associated with death squads during the conflict .
" From this moment on , I invite the different social and political forces to build this unity together , " he said .
ARENA has held office since 1989 and kept the coffee - exporting Central American country firmly in the pro-Washington camp , even sending small contingents of troops to help US forces in Iraq .
But poverty and street crime have helped the FMLN , which fought vastly better - equipped forces armed by the United States at a cost of billions of dollars .
The guerrillas laid down their weapons under a 1992 peace deal .
The nearest the rebels came to taking power was in late 1989 when they poured into the capital in an offensive that was only halted when the military bombed and shelled guerrilla positions in residential areas .
" This victory ... has cost years of fighting , sacrifice and blood , " said FMLN lawmaker Orestes Ortez after the election win .
The US recession has dampened the demand for El Salvador 's exports like textiles and manufactured goods , despite a regional free trade deal with the United States .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Funes said his first priority would be tackling the impact of the global financial crisis on El Salvador , a largely poor country but with stunning landscapes dotted with volcanoes , lakes and verdant hillsides .
" There is no time to lose .
From tomorrow we will start taking the necessary decisions , " he said .
Funes says he will crack down on tax evasion and use the funds to create jobs for Salvadoran immigrants returning from the United States .
He also vows to invest in farming to reduce dependence on imported food .
The victory for Funes was a boost for left - wing leaders in Latin America , led by Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez , but Funes says he is a moderate who will maintain El Salvador 's close ties with Washington .
Funes says he is pro-business but his vice president - elect , Salvador Sanchez , is an old school FMLN hard - liner who could take policy to the left .
Losing candidate Avila said his conservative party would make sure El Salvador does not become authoritarian under the FMLN .
" We will be a constructive opposition , an opposition that is vigilant so that liberties are not lost in our country , " he told supporters .
About a quarter of El Salvador 's population - some 2.3 million people - live in the United States and the money they send home is key to the economy .
Fed knew of AIG bonuses , failed to tell Obama Agence France - Presse
Published : Thursday March 19 , 2009
Print This Email This WASHINGTON ( AFP ) - US Federal Reserve officials knew about the controversial AIG bonuses but did not tell Treasury or White House officials for months , the Washington Post reported Thursday .
The American International Group informed the Fed three months ago that it would pay 165 million dollars by March 15 to employees in their Financial Products unit , the Post reported , citing government and company officials .
The bonuses were doled out to the AIG division at the heart of the company 's near collapse and whose intricate dealings with banks worldwide helped trigger the global financial crisis .
Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner told the Post that he had not been aware of the size of the bonuses and the timing of the payments .
" I was stunned when I learned how bad this was on Tuesday [ March 10 ] , " Geithner told the Post .
" I should n't have been in that position , but it 's my responsibility and I accept that . "
Geithner met with his staff and considered options , but concluded that the government could not change contracts for work that had already been done .
Geithner then briefed a senior White House aide , who informed Obama on March 12 , the day before they were paid out , the Post reported .
AIG was saved from bankruptcy with an 85 - billion - dollar US government lifeline in September , in which Geithner -- then head of the New York Federal Reserve -- was involved .
The bailout has since grown to 180 billion dollars .
The US government rescued the insurance giant because it believes that its intricate web of ties with banks worldwide posed an imminent risk of financial collapse not just for the United States but globally .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Because the rich are so very different from you and me :
NEW YORK ( CBS ) ― Bernie Madoff is accused of fleecing his clients out of billions , but he said Monday he should n't be forced into the poorhouse .
His lawyers are arguing that Madoff should be entitled to keep the $ 7 million apartment he 's currently being held in while under house arrest and $ 62 million , including $ 45 million in municipal bonds .
Court papers filed on Monday state that Madoff and his lawyer say the Manhattan penthouse and the millions held in accounts of Madoff 's wife , Ruth , are not subject to seizure .
The court papers say Madoff claims the apartment and the money are unrelated to a $ 50 billion fraud Madoff has been accused of carrying out .
( CNN ) -- Surviving economically in downtrodden Elkhart , Indiana , may require doing some things you do n't want to do .
Elkhart , Indiana , has become the poster child for the nation 's economic downturn .
" Here in Elkhart , I 've never seen things as bad as they are , " lifelong resident Yvonne Sell said Tuesday .
" When you open the newspaper , unless you want to be a topless dancer , there 's nothing . "
Elkhart became the poster child for the nation 's economic downturn when President Obama visited there Monday and then mentioned it several times during his first White House press conference .
Unemployment in the Elkhart - Goshen , Indiana , area was 15.3 percent in January , the Bureau of Labor Statistics reported , the fourth highest of any U.S. metropolitan area .
Elkhart 's unemployment rate has spiked more than 10 percentage points in the past 13 months .
But is it really that bad in Elkhart ?
According to Sell and several other business owners and workers , it is .
Sell and her four co-owners are in the process of selling Blessing Music Co. , which has sold , rented and repaired musical instruments for school bands since 1916 .
" We 're not making money .
It 's just too tight , " Sell said .
The company has high overhead and a " considerable " high - interest loan , and credit continues to be a problem , she said .
Sell said she is n't hopeful that any government plan will kick - start commerce in Elkhart or elsewhere .
The banks , which started the mess , have already been bailed out , she said , but " I 'm not seeing them loosening their purse strings . "
Small businesses as well as individuals need credit -- not government spending -- to keep the economy churning , she said .
Take , for example , recreational vehicles , one of the town 's knotted lifelines :
Sell said she knows plenty of people willing to purchase RVs , but they can't without a bank loan .
" People wo n't buy them because they 're too scared , " she said .
" I do n't personally see how spending the amount of money [ Congress is ] talking about spending is going to stimulate the economy . "
Robert Dunlop runs a different kind of business , but he agrees with Sell .
" Unfortunately , when you drop a ton of money to pay billion - dollar bonuses on the East Coast , it kind of sucks on the Midwest , " said Dunlop , president of J.A. Wagner Construction Co. in Elkhart .
" If banks can free up a little bit of credit so that people can buy products and get people back to work , that would be good for this area . "
People in Elkhart who were interviewed said they do n't have much confidence in the government 's ability to resolve the crisis , though Dunlop said he thinks tax relief would help some .
" Unfortunately , you still have to have a job to have relief from the tax burden , and a lot of these people are behind in house payments and , quite frankly , it 's a vicious cycle :
You do n't have a job , you can't make your house payment , you 're not out buying anything .
Even if you reduce the tax burden to those people , they still need to have some sort of income .
When that occurs , they start buying things , which creates more jobs , which then starts the cycle back up again . "
Elkhart Mayor Dick Moore echoes that view .
He said people need jobs so they have money to spend and support industries such as RVs .
The Democrat supports the stimulus plan Obama was touting in his town Monday because it will get residents to work quickly .
" It 's jobs , jobs , jobs , " Moore told CNN's " American Morning " on Tuesday .
Watch what Elkhart 's mayor says about the president 's visit »
" We have 16 shovel - ready projects ready to go ...
These are not pie - in - the - sky items ; they 're not pork .
...
These are projects we will have to do , " Moore said .
But gift shop owner Joanie Smith said she thinks government programs are no solution .
" I think that the government and the banks are the biggest problem , because we have checks and balances to make sure what happened did n't happen , and obviously it did n't work , " she said .
" They 've already bailed out the banks ; I do n't know why the banks are n't lending money or offering the assistance that most businesses run with . "
Smith saw traffic at her gift shop start dropping off at the end of 2007 .
" I have a store that is full of wonderful things , but nothing anybody needs , " Smith , owner of The Picture Show for 27 years , said with a tense laugh .
" We 're just in a real reality - check area right now .
It 's hard not being negative . "
Smith has survived in retail by being financially conservative -- she does n't have any loans to repay and has cut hours for her two employees , she said .
Several years ago she downsized her shop from more than 4,000 square feet to a cozy 1,200 .
Smith said she feels protective of Elkhart and its image .
" It 's a real entrepreneurial city , " she said .
" We still manufacture here .
We still create here .
And unfortunately we 've lost so much of our diversity of businesses here to China . "
Despite these lean times , Smith said she is determined to stay in business .
" Women love to come in here and shop , and we want to be there for them . "
All About Business • Unemployment Rate • National Economy
Me : “ Ma’am , may I help you find a particular title ? ”
Customer : “ I do n’t know exactly what I want .
I just want a good book to read . ”
Me : “ Is there a topic that you are especially interested in ? ”
Customer : “ I like historical stuff . ”
Me : “ Great !
What kind of history specifically ? ”
Customer : * stares blankly *
Me : “ For instance , a particular time period , or the history of a certain country ? ”
Customer : “ American history , obviously . ”
Me : “ We have some really great American history books , right over here . ”
( I lead her to the proper section and pull a few titles to show her . )
Customer : “ These are all about stuff that really happened .
I want a story . ”
Me : “ Okay , so , historical fiction then ?
I ’m sure we can find something for you . ”
Customer : “ No ! I want something like this … ”
( She gestures to a book she rejected , a non-fiction title about American history . )
Customer : “ … only I want it to be made up . ”
Me : “ Right , historical fiction .
Let ’s start with a time frame within American history and I ’m sure we can find something . ”
Customer : * sighs melodramatically * “ I do n’t want FICTION , I want a book with a story that is MADE UP ! ”
Late last month , the Parliament of Kyrgyzstan voted - by an overwhelming margin - to terminate their lease to the United States of Manas Air Base , and required the Americans to vacate the base within six months .
The vote followed closely on the heels of an earlier announcement that Russia would be providing over $ 2 billion in financial aid to Kyrgyzstan .
Manas is a crucial air base for operations in and around Afghanistan , and U.S. officials remain hopeful that there may still be room for negotiation .
The majority of Kyrgyzstan 's population appears to have little concern about the closure , instead focusing on their own struggles to get by , as migrant work in Russia has recently evaporated , and jobs at home in Kyrgyzstan are hard to come by .
News photos from Kyrgyzstan are few and far between - that said , here is a collection of recent scenes from festivals , rural life , and Manas Air Base in Kyrgyzstan .
( 25 photos total
14th November 2008 , 11:24 pm
My previous post , Another lovely example of type class morphisms , placed some standard structure around Max Rabkin ’s Beautiful folding , using type class morphisms to confirm that the Functor and Applicative instances agreed with their inevitable meanings .
In the process of working out the Applicative case , I realized the essence of fold zipping was getting a bit obscured .
This post simplifies Max ’s
Fold data type a bit and shows how to zip strict left folds in the simpler setting .
You can get the code described here .
Edits :
2008 - 11 - 15 : I renamed the Pair and Pair ' classes to Zip and Zip ' .
A simpler fold
The strict left - folding functional is
foldl ' :: ( a -> b -> a ) -> a -> [ b ] -> a
Max ’s fold type packages up the first two arguments of foldl ' and adds on an post - fold step , as needed for fmap :
data Fold b c = forall a . F ( a -> b -> a ) a ( a -> c ) -- clever version
A simpler , less clever version just has the two foldl ' arguments , and no forall :
data Fold b a = F ( a -> b -> a ) a -- simple version
I ’ll use this simpler version for zipping and later enhance it for fmap .
The strict interpretation of Fold simply unpacks and folds :
cfoldl ' :: Fold b a -> [ b ] -> a cfoldl ' ( F op e ) = foldl ' op e
Zipping is then just a simplification of the ( <*>) definition in the previous post .
As before , P is a type and constructor of strict pairs .
data P c c' = P !c !c ' zipF ' :: Fold b a -> Fold b a ' ->
Fold b ( P a a ' ) F op e `zip F'` F op ' e' = F op '' ( P e e ' ) where P a a ' `op ' '` b = P ( a `op` b ) ( a ' `op '` b)
We can also define non-strict counterparts :
cfoldl :: Fold b a -> [ b ] -> a cfoldl ( F op e ) = foldl op e zipF :: Fold b a -> Fold b a ' ->
Fold b ( a , a ' ) F op e `zipF` F op ' e' = F op '' ( e , e ' ) where ( a , a ' ) `op ' '` b = ( a `op` b , a ' `op '` b)
More type classes …
A previous post suggested a criterion for inevitability of interpretation functions like cfoldl and cfoldl ' .
Whatever class instances exists for the source type ( Fold here ) , interpretation functions should be “ type class morphisms ” for those classes , which loosely means that the meaning of a method is the same method on the meaning .
Where ’s the type class for our simplified Fold ?
It lacks the magic ingredient Max added to make it a Functor and an Applicative , namely the post - fold step .
However , there ’s another class that ’s just the thing :
class Zip f where zip :: f a -> f b -> f ( a , b )
( I ’ve used this class with type representations and user interfaces . )
The Zip class from TypeCompose is almost identical to the Zip class in category - extras .
The latter class requires Functor , however , which is too restrictive for the simplified Fold type .
Our non -strict left folds have a Zip instance :
instance Zip ( Fold b ) where zip = zipF
For strict folds , define a strict variant on Zip :
class Zip ' f where zip ' :: f a -> f b -> f ( P a b )
and a Zip ' instance for Fold :
instance Zip ' ( Fold b ) where zip ' = zipF '
… and more morphisms
These zipping classes have associated morphism properties .
A function q mapping from one Zip instance to another is a “ Zip morphism ” when
q ( f `zip` g ) == q f `zip` q g
for all folds f and g .
Similarly for Zip ' morphisms :
q ( f `zip '` g ) == q f `zip '` q g
In other words , q distributes over zip or zip ' .
As I ’ll show in another post , the two interpretation functions cfoldl and cfoldl ' are Zip and Zip ' morphisms , respectively , i.e. ,
cfoldl ( f `zip` g ) == cfoldl f `zip` cfoldl g cfoldl ' ( f `zip '` g ) == cfoldl ' f `zip '` cfoldl ' g
which means that zip folding as defined above works correctly .
What ’s next ?
I like to keep blog posts fairly short , so I ’ll share two more pieces of this story in upcoming blog posts :
Regaining the lost Functor and Applicative instances .
and instances .
The Zip and Zip ' morphism proofs for zip folding .
My previous post , Another lovely example of type class morphisms , placed some standard structure around Max Rabkin ’s Beautiful folding , using type class morphisms to confirm that the Functor and Applicative ...
Gore recount lawyer declares , ' Senator Franken has won ' David Edwards and Rachel Oswald
Published : Tuesday March 31 , 2009
Print This Email This Many Democrats , still smarting over the halted Florida recount of 2000 , see shades of Bush v. Gore in the battle currently being waged by Republicans to prevent the seating of Al Franken in the Senate .
David Boies , Al Gore 's lead attorney during the Florida recount , attempted to address Democratic fears in a Monday interview on MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , where he confidently proclaimed ,  I dont think theres any doubt .
I think Senator Franken has won this election . ( Emphasis added )
Of course , Boies was on the losing end of the Bush v. Gore argument .
Democrats have more reason to be nervous of a repeat of 2000 ( though , at least this time they 're in the driver 's seat ) in the wake of a Monday Poltico story , in which Sen .
John Cornyn was quoted as saying it might be years  before a Republican - led federal challenge to Minnesotas statewide recount is resolved .
The recount had Franken in the lead by more than 200 votes .
Cornyn went so far as to threaten  World War III  if Democrats attempted to seat Franken before the GOP had had its fill in the federal courts .
Noted Maddow ,  Right now , control of the Senate and by extension control of President Obamas agenda is at stake , and once again Republicans are playing to win at all costs . 
Boies said that it was a little ironic that the party that fought so hard ( and successfully ) to prevent a statewide Florida recount in 2000 is now asking for its own recount in Minnesota .
However , Boies and the rest of Gore 's legal team were criticized by legal experts for not asking for their own full - state recount of ballots in Florida , as The New York Times reported in 2000 .
The Gore campaign was criticized for , among other things , requesting manual hand recounts in Democratic - leaning counties , rather than demanding a recount of the entire state .
" It had the appearance of being manipulative , " said Thomas Merrill , a law professor at Northwestern University told The Times after Bush was anointed the winner by the Supreme Court .
" It had the appearance of making it look as if [ Gore ] did n't want a level playing field .
I think it seeped into the way the judicial system perceived things . "
Much like 2000 , the endgame strategies seem to center on which political party appointed which judge .
 It s just about taking advantage whereever you can find it ,  Maddow said of Republican strategies in Franken v. Coleman .
 They think that advantage is to be found in stretching it out as long as possible . 
Added Boies , " When you have politicians , who on the one hand preach state rights and then whey they dont like a state result , preach lets go to federal court and drag it out , I think thats what causes some of the cynicism people have in general about politics in this country . 
For now , Republicans are for the most part escaping massive public anger over their attempts to drag out what many now believe to be the inevitable seating of Franken .
This is largely the result , says Boies , of greater concerns over the plight of the national economy .
Thankfully , said Boies , enough Americans are tuned into the GOPs " battle of financial attrition , " as Maddow termed it , and are providing the Franken campaign with sufficient financial donations that permits them to battle on in the courts to the extent that they have to . 
This video is from MSNBC's The Rachel Maddow Show , broadcast Mar. 30 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Hamas and Fatah have been bitterly divided Rival Palestinian factions are meeting in Cairo , at the start of a process they hope will pave the way for a national unity government .
Cross - party committees are due to start work on a number of key issues .
The most challenging ones are reforming the security services and the Palestine Liberation Organisation .
Divisions between the two main groups - Fatah and Hamas - are making rebuilding Gaza in the aftermath of Israel 's military campaign there more difficult .
The meeting began with speeches from Egyptian Foreign Minister Ahmed Abul Gheit and the powerful intelligence chief Omar Suleiman who called on the factions to work hard towards reconciliation .
" The Palestinian people are watching the results of these talks , so please do not let them down , " Mr Suleiman said .
FATAH -HAMAS RIVALRY January 2006 - Hamas wins Palestinian Authority legislative election March 2006 - Hamas government sworn in .
US and EU suspend ties February - March 2007 - Fatah and Hamas agree to form coalition to end growing factional warfare June 2007 - Hamas seizes control of Gaza from Fatah after continued fighting .
Unity government dissolved , Israel tightens blockade of Gaza Strip
Gazans seek end to bitter split
While internationals donors have pledged billions of dollars to the reconstruction of Gaza , they are not willing to deal directly with Hamas , which is widely viewed as a terrorist organisation .
Israel , which also refuses to deal directly with Hamas , continues to maintain a strict blockade of Gaza , allowing in only essential food and medicine .
On Saturday , Palestinian Authority Prime Minister Salam Fayyad resigned ahead the power - sharing talks , a move that is intended to pave the way for the formation of a national unity government .
Leaders of the rival Palestinian factions met last month in Cairo and promised a new era of reconciliation .
Committees have also been set up to look into holding presidential land legislative elections .
Factional fighting A previous unity agreement fell apart after Israel and its international backers refused to deal with Hamas , which refuses to recognise Israel .
Inter - factional fighting in Gaza came to a head in the summer of 2007 when Hamas fighters ousted the pro-Fatah security forces and overthrew PA control .
As well as continued tension , both sides have been accused of conducting politically motivated arrests and the torture of rival faction members .
Egypt revived the call for Palestinian reconciliation talks in November .
However , Hamas withdrew from the talks , complaining that Fatah continued to arrest Hamas members in the West Bank .
Efforts to secure a reconciliation have gained strength since Israel 's three - week military offensive in Gaza , which ended on 18 January .
The Fatah and Hamas sides have fundamental differences over how to deal with Israel .
While Fatah has renounced violence , Hamas refuses to recognise Israel .
Hamas is prepared to accept a short - term truce but it reserves the right to fight Israel .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Recent discoveries of a trio of previously unknown cave - dwelling species -- a minuscule , shrimplike crustacean near Akron and two kinds of spiders in southern Ohio -- could prove to the beginning of a statewide subterranean bio - blitz .
" It 's really exciting , because it just has n't happened that often in Ohio , " said Erin Hazelton , an ecologist with the state 's Department of Natural Areas and Preserves , who along with Wittenberg University biology professor Horton H. Hobbs III , led a two - year biosurvey of more than 230 known caverns in the state .
" And there 's no reason to think that there wo n't be more . "
" And the deeper you go , the more life you 're likely to find that you have n't seen before , " Hazelton said .
Mike Johnson , chief of natural resource management for the Metro Parks , Serving Summit County , did n't have to go very deep Friday morning to find some of the newly identified swimmers .
He bottled one after poking around for a few minutes in a shallow pool just inside a cave entrance -- in the " transition zone " between the surface and underground -- in Liberty Park in Twinsburg .
The 1,700 - acre park , owned and managed jointly by the city and park system , has a number of striking rock formations with cold water springs and caves -- home to tens of thousands of bats , spiders and the still - unnamed crustacean .
" Here 's a few swimming around here , little white critters that look a bit like ' Sea Monkeys , ' " Johnson said .
He was referring to the brine shrimp species sold on television and in comic books , beginning in the 1960s -- many to children who were disappointed when the creatures failed to look like the figures on the package .
Similarly , the crustacean in Summit County does n't exactly impress .
But a closeup view reveals a rather scary - looking , opaque creature with multiple limbs and what appear to be antennae .
" This is a new species with characteristics you expect with cave - adapted species , " he said .
" There 's not as much food or resources inside caves , so they end up smaller . "
Officials at a lab in Virginia have officially tagged the shrimplike amphipod as a " presumed new species " among the more than 8,000 different invertebrate crustaceans .
The Hazelton and Hobbs cave team netted two new spider species the first year in Adams and Brown counties , near the Ohio River , an area with more and generally larger caves , Hazelton said .
The spiders are both amber to white in color and not even a quarter - inch long , with legs much longer than their bodies .
Oh , and they do n't have eyes .
" That , along with general lack of pigmentation , means they have evolved to live in the cave environment , " Hazelton said .
She said while also not yet named , the spider species have been assigned to the genus of Islandiana ( dwarf and sheetweb weavers ) .
Then , last summer , the researchers came across the tiny crustacean in several Summit County caves , including five different caves in Liberty Park .
Hazelton said the find may appear small in size , but discovering what lies beneath Ohio is important for several reasons .
" First of all , it 's a unique and fairly stable environment that we just do n't know as much about , so a scientist always wants to know more , " she said .
" Secondly , it gives us a chance to actually go into the underground aquifers that provide so much of the water to Ohio residents .
" Water quality is becoming increasingly important everywhere and studying the life in caves will help give us a picture of the water , too . "
After all , Hazelton said , the crustacean is hardly new -- just newly discovered .
She said Virginia lab officials suspect it developed between 5,000 and 120,000 years ago during the late Pleistocene period .
Hazelton said the findings have also given cave - crawling scientists and hobbyists something to finally brag about Ohio , a state where its caves are generally considered lesser brethren to the long , deep and fascinating holes in nearby Kentucky , Pennsylvania and West Virginia .
" Really , the cave environment in Ohio has been ignored -- at least scientifically -- for many years and is just now coming into its own , " Hazelton said .
And that could soon mean more new species under our feet .
Maybe especially in Northeast Ohio , Hazelton said .
" We really just got started up here , so we still have a large area left to cover , " she said .
" We found many new caves in the western half of the state and expect similar results in the eastern half .
" And we already have some species that we have n't fully identified yet , so I would think we 'll have some more new finds in Ohio . "
Minchalero Antonio ’s tour of his house , greenhouse , and garden have some inspiring examples of DIY sustainable living !
Ready to spring into action ?
Here is a roundup of tips and tutorials to do some of these projects in your own home .
Building a Greenhouse
I love his greenhouse made from found objects .
It sounds like the biggest issue he ’s got in the greenhouse is his plants growing too well .
What a fantastic problem to have !
If you want to build your own , you could use these instructions from Las Pilitas Nursery as a good jumping - off point , then just round up your own second hand materials .
Another great option is building your greenhouse out of old windows , like in this tutorial from wikiHow .
Get Gardening
We talked about planting your Spring garden just yesterday !
You do n’t need a lot of land to grow some of your own food .
Even with just a sunny porch or windowsill , you can plant lots of tasty herbs and veggies .
In the video , Antonio mentions that he ’s planting a big variety to see what does best .
If you ’re not into doing lots of research , maybe this trial and error method would be more fun !
You can easily set up a drip irrigation system like he mentions .
All you need is a rain barrel or two and some drip hoses !
Rhonda
Winter has some great tips on rainwater harvesting , too .
The House
Antonio ’s veranda uses smart construction to harness the sun ’s warmth .
Just by making sure it lets the sun shine in during colder times and keeps things shady during warmer ones , he ’s able to regulate the temperature on his porch without a single plug .
You can take advantage of the sun in your home , too !
Harnessing passive solar power can be as easy as opening the blinds during the day in the winter to let the sun heat your home and closing them at night to keep that warmth in .
The house itself is a a wooden prefab kit that he gave some extra insulation .
Insulating is a relatively inexpensive way to lower your heating and cooling costs and use fewer fossil fuels .
From Passive Solar to Active
He ’s also got a solar panel to actively collect and store power for lighting purposes .
The stimulus package includes several breaks for installing solar systems .
You might also look into a solar hot water heater .
The stimulus offers tax credits for 30 % of a solar water heating system , with no cap on systems installed after the first of this year !
The Power of Community
At the end of the video , Antonio talks about his neighbors .
He knows them all and calls the neighborhood “ a collective group of friends . ”
Sustainable living starts at home , but I think there ’s a great lesson in that moment in the video : you ca n’t do it alone .
You need help from your family and friends .
As we move beyond the petroleum based economy , building community is going to be just as important as building any greenhouse or solar array .
Stardock CEO
Brad Wardell became a star in the world of PC gaming when he took a strong anti-DRM stance and decided the best course of action was simply to ignore the piracy .
The pirates will do what they do , and the fans who were going to buy the games anyway will appreciate the lack of invasive programs .
This easygoing , anti-DRM attitude also brings the added benefits of good press , good will , and all around good vibes .
The problem , as he found out with the launch of Demigod , is that you can't always ignore the pirates ; they can hurt you in very real ways .
" The system works pretty well if you have a few thousand people online at once .
The system works less well if there are tens of thousands of people online at once , " Wardell wrote on his blog , describing the launch of the game .
Stardock had 120,000 connections to deal with , a number well outside its projections for online play .
The system melted down , causing many customers to have issues connecting to online games .
The number of those connections that were legitimate ?
It 's estimated to be around 18,000 .
As the comments have pointed out , getting an early copy of the game was not tricky , as GameStop simply broke the street date .
" Our stress tests had counted on having maybe 50,000 people playing at once at peak and that would n’t be reached for a few weeks by which time we would have slowly seen things becoming problematic ...
So during the day today , people could n’t even log on , and in some cases , the Demigod forums , which use one of the affected databases for some piddly thing were even down , " he wrote .
" Even getting the game running was a pain today because a simple HTTP call to see what the latest version would get hung leaving people looking at a black screen .
Stuff of nightmares . "
The team is working around the clock to fix the issues — Wardell points to having developers in Europe and the US as a good thing , and claimed he was just ending a 56 - hour day — but the damage may have already been done .
When multiplayer goes , it takes the scores with it
" Before [ Demigod ] shipped , I wrote a scary email to our team saying how disastrous things would be and predicted doom for us and [ Gas - Powered Games ] if there were problems with multiplayer , " Wardell wrote .
" At the time , my worry was about things like disconnects and CVP .
It did n’t occur to me that we ’d have near MMO user connections to throw in . "
The problem was that reviewers were trying to play the game , and they were n't liking what they saw as a major problem with online play .
" Connecting to other players takes an inordinately long time , if it happens at all ...
Furthermore , the game client may hang should you try to exit while the game attempts to connect players , leading to an unhandled exception error dialogue ( and a game reboot ) .
Connection issues are widespread , which is a disastrous blow in a game that requires online play to be of much value , " GameSpot wrote in its review of the game , giving it a 6.5 for a variety of reasons .
That score is going to be mixed in with the others in metacritic , and it will hold a ton of power for the length of the game 's life , long after the connection issues have been fixed ... if they are n't already .
It seems like Stardock had a realistic plan for rollout of the online play , only to be slammed by overwhelming piracy , a problem it did n't plan for or expect .
Now the company will be punished in the gaming press and gaming fora when players have issues connecting .
Wardell reacted to the GameSpot review on the blog .
" First , I totally understand that connectivity is central to a game like this .
I totally agree .
But I think that should be weighted with what the average user who gets Demigod will experience and in reality , as annoying as this issue is , it ’s not something that ’s going to be an ongoing issue , it ’s something that is likely to be taken care of in the next day or two , " he wrote .
" So this time next week , players will be happily playing but GameSpot ’s review will live on . "
He wonders about the IGN and 1UP reviews , worried that they will dock points for the same issue .
Sadly , piracy simply can't be ignored anymore
" The reason why we do n't put copy protection on our games is n't because we 're nice guys .
We do it because the people who actually buy games do n't like to mess with it .
Our customers make the rules , not the pirates .
Pirates do n't count , " Wardell said in March of last year .
" When [ Sins of a Solar Empire ] popped up as the number - one best selling game at retail a couple weeks ago , a game that has no copy protect whatsoever , that should tell you that piracy is not the primary issue . "
Now it seems as if he was being incredibly naive .
Piracy all but crushed the infrastructure Stardock had given Demigod , hurt the perception of the online play for fans who bought the game the first day of release , and lead to at least one lower - scoring review than expected .
Are antipiracy measures the answer ?
Not likely .
Any bit of DRM added to a game will be cracked , and will only annoy legitimate customers .
What about selling through Steam ?
It 's possible it could have curbed the piracy , but Stardock has its own digital distribution platform , and publishers should n't be forced to run to Valve in order to avoid the pirates .
Switch focus to consoles , where piracy has a higher barrier of entry ?
Equally unappealing : Stardock titles are a natural fit for the PC , and require a mouse and keyboard to control well .
What 's frustrating is that there does n't seem to be any semi- workable solution , other than to spend time and money supporting a vast user - base that is n't willing to buy your product .
While we can simply wring our hands with worry , this is Brad Wardell 's livelihood .
He does n't have the luxury of saying there is n't a good solution ; it 's his job to find one ... and he has n't slept in two days .
Correction : Stardock contacted us to say that the 18,000 number referred to concurrent users , not sales .
We have corrected the sentence accordingly .
Brad Wardell also released some new information that clarifies the issue .
On Day 0 there were around 140,000 concurrent users , with 18,000 validated users .
The pirates could n't update their game or play online , but they could still " touch the servers . "
" So over the first 24 hours , we had to essentially scrap together a doppleganger of the infrastructure dedicated to Demigod 's multiplayer network needs , release an update to legitimate users to point them to it ... " he wrote .
" Now today , day 3 , it 's pretty much taken care of .
Users are connecting in multiplayer , the servers are pretty responsive and we 're adding more in preparation for the weekend . "
Mentre Ratzinger se la prende con la finanza e le banche , nel santuario in provincia di Ancora dodici milioni gestiti da un consulente finanziario per conto del Monsignore sono spariti nel nulla .
E in Vaticano si arrabbiano
Qualche anno fa a Loreto puntualmente ogni fine settimana si vedeva una Jaguar parcheggiata in Piazza della Madonna .
Ma chi fosse il proprietario di quell ’auto scintillante restava un fitto mistero per la gente del posto .
All ’inizio si parlava vagamente di un amico dell ’arcivescovo Gianni Danzi , di un fantomatico mister “ X ” , senza riuscire mai a risalire alla vera identità del personaggio .
Solo in seguito a fatti di cronaca il mistero è stato svelato e si è riusciti a giungere al nome e al cognome .
SOLDI IN FUMO – Si trattava , con buone probabilità , di Marco Bossio , un analista finanziario già coinvolto ad inizio anni ’ 90 nel fallimento della società di intermediazione mobiliare Girardi , un crac da 60 miliardi di lire ai danni di centinaia di risparmiatori : fu arrestato e imputato nel processo per bancarotta fraudolenta e falso in bilancio .
E’ a Bossio che , in qualità di consulente finanziario , l’arcivescovo di Loreto Danzi aveva delegato la gestione di un patrimonio di circa 12 milioni di euro di proprietà della Delegazione Pontificia del Santuario della Madonna di Loreto , ed è proprio lui il responsabile della scomparsa di quei quattrini della Delegazione , balzati da questa a quella banca estera fino a far perdere le proprie tracce in qualche paradiso fiscale .
Il denaro , infatti , dapprima depositato in diversi conti correnti della Banca delle Marche , della Cariplo e del Credito Cooperativo di Camerano , tra il 2005 e il 2006 sarebbe stato raccolto in un unico conto milanese di Unicredit per poi essere trasferito in Svizzera , quindi in Brasile e infine alle isole Cayman .
Lo svuotamento delle casse sarebbe stato scoperto solo alla fine del 2007 , quando in seguito alla scomparsa dell ’arcivescovo Danzi , avvenuta ad inizio ottobre , alla sua successione fu nominato prelato di Loreto e Delegato Pontificio del Santuario della Santa Casa il Mons. Giovanni Tonucci .
MASSIMO RISERBO – Sul tragitto dei soldi , che sarebbe stato poi ripercorso grazie ad una indagine interna commissionata dalla Prefettura degli affari economici del Vaticano con la collaborazione dello Ior ( Istituto per le Opere di Religione , una delle banche vaticane ) , e di cui si è venuti a conoscenza solo all ’inizio di quest ’ anno , mantengono il massimo riserbo sia l’arcivescovo che la Santa Sede .
“ Se c’è stato qualcosa è di certo una vicenda che non ha riguardato direttamente il santuario .
Da parte nostra , guardiamo avanti cercando di curare l’amministrazione con la massima attenzione “ , si è limitato a dire Mons .
Tonucci , uno con alle spalle una carriera diplomatica e che vorrebbe risolvere senza clamori la questione oramai arrivata nelle stanze vaticane .
Ha mantenuto la bocca cucita anche il segretario della Delegazione pontificia di Loreto , Claudio Quattrini : “ Di questo presunto ritrovamento non abbiamo alcun riscontro “ .
E’ una storia fatta di voci e indiscrezioni : addirittura la Santa Casa non ha mai ufficialmente confermato nemmeno la sparizione della somma .
E mentre oggi per alcuni il tesoretto sarebbe stato perfino recuperato salvo commissioni per 100 - 150 mila euro e sarebbe ritornato in possesso della Delegazione , per altri a Loreto si sta ancora lavorando per rimediare ai danni della gestione - Bossio .
Infatti , si tratti di truffa o di disattenzione , si parla della possibilità di cedere un terreno edificabile di proprietà della Delegazione dal valore di circa 6 milioni di euro per ammortizzare ed anche della possibilità di portare la vicenda in tribunale , anche se non si sa bene ancora nei confronti di chi agire e se nell ’ ambito civile o penale .
VATICANO -CAYMAN – Quale che sia stato il corso delle cose , resta il fatto che quelle risorse finanziarie erano il frutto della benevolenza dei fedeli e forse avrebbero meritato un trattamento migliore rispetto a quello garantito da un finanziere già tristemente conosciuto alle cronache giudiziarie .
E la destinazione del flusso di denaro , le isole Cayman , non esclude che in qualche modo il Vaticano possa avere le sue responsabilità nella vicenda , al fianco di Bossio .
La località caraibica , infatti , non è nuova nella storia della finanza vaticana .
Si legge , ad esempio , così in un articolo molto diffuso sul web : “ I segreti finanziari del Vaticano vengono conservati nelle Isole Cayman , il paradiso fiscale caraibico , spiritualmente guidato dal cardinale Adam Joseph Maida che , tra l’altro , siede nel collegio di vigilanza dello IOR .
Le Cayman sono state sottratte al controllo della diocesi giamaicana di Kingston per essere proclamate Missio sui iuris , alle dipendenze dirette del Vaticano “ .
No , per dire .
The fuss over releasing the Iraq cabinet papers has eclipsed another information tribunal ruling , which is perhaps even more significant in what it reveals about official arrogance about the citizen 's right to know .
Earlier this month , the tribunal ordered the disclosure of two internal reviews of the government 's national identity card scheme .
Unlike the Iraq decision , which was a once - in - a - generation controversy , the ID ruling could change the way Whitehall works every day .
It concerns a procedure called Gateway reviews .
These are quick , independent and expert sanity checks carried out at crucial stages of programmes and projects deemed to be important and / or risky .
It 's an excellent idea – which , the Treasury tells us , has saved taxpayers a fortune .
As the government 's largest , most complex and sensitive IT - based initiative , the ID programme was subjected to two " Gateway zero " reviews , in 2003 and 2004 .
These are designed to assess why a programme is needed , what is needed to make it work , and what risks lie ahead .
You would have thought that the public interest in knowing all three makes a compelling case for disclosure .
Not so , says the Treasury 's Office of Government Commerce ( OGC ) , which operates the Gateway system , and has fought freedom of information act requests every step of the way .
Its main argument is that there is a greater public interest in preserving the Gateway process , which would be imperilled if participants knew their words would be made public .
The result would be " bland and anodyne " reports .
With elegance and logic , the tribunal chucks this argument out of the window .
In making this decision , it says , the onus is on the OGC to prove a " real and weighty " causal relationship between disclosure and damage .
This it failed to do .
In fact , far from the public interest being served by secrecy , " disclosure of the requested information would clearly add to the public 's knowledge in this respect and therefore to the public interest which sought to ensure that schemes as complex albeit as sensitive as the ID cards scheme were properly scrutinised and implemented . "
Two other claims receive shorter shrift .
One is a worry of " adverse press reactions ... if any form of criticism were contained in the report in question " .
Rightly , the tribunal says that this is none of the OGC 's business .
Likewise , the OGC 's breathtaking claim that the reviews should be kept from citizens because we might find them " uninformative or hard to understand " .
The OGC 's final act of wriggling was to claim that the disputed information added " nothing " to a debate on the merits of identity cards as a whole .
The tribunal said that this view misses the point : " It is not for the tribunal , let alone the OGC or the [ information ] commissioner , to second - guess the scope and content of the possible public debate . "
Too right .
The decision was promulgated on 19 February , giving the OGC 28 days to comply .
I make that 12 March – though surely only a petulant child would wait until the very last moment .
Surely ?
A new tool allows entire networks to be scanned efficiently for infection .
On 1st April , a worm named Conficker who are already infected millions of machines around the world , it is expected that something bad , but nobody knows exactly what .
Some experts fear that an army of infected machines can be ordered for a coordinated attack or send a deluge of spam .
But today , a publishing tool could assist in the impact , large enterprises and institutions , to achieve rapid weeds infected machines , networks on all the signs of infection .
Analysis of the worm Conficker has already shown that the computer is infected “ phone home ” on 1 April on a new set of instructions .
It is already possible to see the machines individually , but it is a relatively long process .
It is also possible to circumvent the problem by leaving just the communication on a network , but the latest version of Conficker must be silent , to April 1 .
Dan Kaminsky , director of penetration testing for Seattle - based Security IOActive companies contributed to the new analysis tool , and said they may be infected in such manner as it relates to the larger network .
This makes it quick and easy to remove the worm and does not require access to specific machines .
“ It ’s like driving through a neighborhood search for homes with big signs on their doors , ” says Kaminsky .
The tool was Tillmann , Werner Felix leather , members of an independent Honeynet Project , asked Kaminsky , research on Conficker .
The couple discovered that the worm changes the way a machine on a network .
Kaminsky take on this subject , which indicates that researchers a tool that uses this information to find machines infected .
The researchers built a tool and has worked over the weekend , ready for wide dissemination to other providers of security software .
“ Whoever Vulnerability Scanner with a company , it should be taken over until the end of the day , ” says Kaminsky .
via
Text size
Is the Street still too optimistic on the near - term outlook for Google ( GOOG ) ?
Rob Sanderson , the Internet analyst at Broadpoint .
Amtech thinks so .
This morning , he cut his rating on the stock to Neutral from Buy .
Sanderson contends the Street EPS estimates for both Q1 and Q2 are too high ; he says net revenue is likely to be down 5 % - 7 % sequentially in the first quarter , and another 2 % - 4 % in the second quarter .
He notes that the Street consensus is for revs to be down 2 % sequentially in Q1 , then up 2 % from there in Q2 .
A Chinese court sentenced a 19 - year - old man to death Friday for murdering a Canadian model in Shanghai last year .
Diana O'Brien , a 22 - year - old model from Salt Spring Island , B.C. , was found stabbed to death last July on the staircase of the apartment building where she was staying .
In November , Chen Jun pleaded guilty to murdering O'Brien after trying to rob her .
In a written ruling Friday , Shanghai 's Intermediary Court did not order Jun to be immediately executed .
Instead , the court offered Chen a two - year probationary reprieve .
" He has two years to show good behaviour and if he proves this his sentence could be lowered to a life sentence to be served in jail or even lighter depending on his performance , " CTV's Beijing Bureau Chief Steve Chao reported Friday .
Since punishments in China are often measured by social impact , Chen was expected to receive a harsher sentence because he murdered a foreigner and it happened right before the Olympics .
" In both cases it had the potential to embarrass China 's government so many people expected a harsher sentence -- an immediate execution , " Chao said .
He said Chen 's lawyer told him that the court considered Chen 's age and the fact that it was n't a " planned murder " in its decision .
At his trial , Chen told the court today that he was trying to rob O'Brien in her apartment by threatening her with a knife but she ran out the door .
He said he then chased her down to a stairwell and stabbed her repeatedly .
Chen claimed in court the incident was a robbery gone awry .
After the murder , Chen left the building without O'Brien 's possessions but he returned later to pick them up .
Although Chen called police after leaving , O'Brien 's body was discovered by her roommate in the morning .
Chen was arrested five days after the murder and police say he had O'Brien 's camera , some of her jewelry and Canadian cash on him .
Chen 's lawyer claimed his client was suffering from stress and depression at the time of the attack , and asked for psychiatric tests to be conducted .
He also accused police of not saving O'Brien 's life after Chen reported the crime .
O'Brien was in Shanghai on a contract with China 's JH Model Agency .
However , when CTV tried to visit the agency in Shanghai , the office was not at the address listed .
I got my package from the service dog organization yesterday .
It has really brought home to me that this is ‘ real ’ – that Hudson and I really are going to train together this summer , and I will have this furry friend around to help me .
At the same time , it is bringing something else home – the price tag .
When I applied for the service dog , I really only thought about the price of the dog – 10 % of your income or $ 1,000 , whichever was higher .
As I am a student , and have virtually no income , I will be paying $ 1,000 .
There are so many things that thousand dollars does n’t cover .
There ’s 3 weeks of training , where I ’ll need a place to stay ( I ’m estimating at $ 2,500 ) .
$ 120 of mandatory fieldtrips .
Feeding myself for 3 weeks while staying in a hotel .
Hudson ’s equipment , which will be customized to us .
Bedding and toys and food and grooming supplies .
All told , I expect this to cost over $ 4,000 .
The real kicker is this : because I will be in training for 3 weeks right in the middle of the summer , I can not take a summer job .
I will need a significant amount of time to recover after training , and besides that , Hudson and I will need to get used to working together .
Worse yet , this news comes just a few weeks after I had to pay $ 2,500 to have my car repaired .
It was , unfortunately , a repair that could not wait as it would only get worse .
I am…doing the only thing I can do now .
I ’m asking for help .
Please , if you can help … getting a service dog means the world to me .
Every little bit helps .
Australian button :
Canadian button :
Euro Button :
UK Button :
shadron Philosopher
Join Date : Sep 2005 Posts : 5,918
Wildy Originally Posted by From what I understand Youtube have n't been doing a good job regarding DMCA claims and some people believe that they are not very consistent in their banning / suspension policies .
I believe that Thunderf00t was suspended by Youtube for doing , erm ...
I do n't actually know what he did wrong , he was just suspended .
Thunderf00t has sent many complaints through the normal youtube channel for complaints about votebots attacking his videos , and has never gotten any response .
This time he decided to send a message directly to the director of ads under the theory that they can ignore the publishers and the customers , but they can't ignore their revenue source .
He timed it for late Friday two weeks ago , and then he dropped a video about how to do it on his channel .
Lots of thunderf00t 's subscribers picked up the cue and sent email to youtube 's ads channel .
Youtude responded by Saturday night , removing the video and suspending his channel .
Ever ready , thunderf00t sent out another video about it to be mirrored by a host of friends .
By Sunday , youtube , with their channel for ads jammed with messages , reinstated thunderf00t 's channel , effectively shouting , " Uncle ! " .
He released a video asking everyone to cool it - they 'd demonstrated that there really was a youtube management behind the curtain , and that they did pay attention under certain conditions .
It did n't have anything to do with DCMA except inasmuch as youtube reacts , as it must , to DCMA claims , but is slow to fix the resulting errors , just as it is to fixing votebot problems .
You can find the videos on thunderf00t 's channel .
I understand there was a pretty heavy reaction by youtubers to the Randi channel shutdown , too .
Do n't you think it is somewhat silly to be posting when you do n't know what the facts are ?
Do your fingers simply demand the exercise ?
Thunderf00t has sent many complaints through the normal youtube channel for complaints about votebots attacking his videos , and has never gotten any response .
This time he decided to send a message directly to the director of ads under the theory that they can ignore the publishers and the customers , but they can't ignore their revenue source .
He timed it for late Friday two weeks ago , and then he dropped a video about how to do it on his channel .
Lots of thunderf00t 's subscribers picked up the cue and sent email to youtube 's ads channel .
Youtude responded by Saturday night , removing the video and suspending his channel .
Ever ready , thunderf00t sent out another video about it to be mirrored by a host of friends .
By Sunday , youtube , with their channel for ads jammed with messages , reinstated thunderf00t 's channel , effectively shouting , " Uncle ! " .
He released a video asking everyone to cool it - they 'd demonstrated that there really was a youtube management behind the curtain , and that they did pay attention under certain conditions .
It did n't have anything to do with DCMA except inasmuch as youtube reacts , as it must , to DCMA claims , but is slow to fix the resulting errors , just as it is to fixing votebot problems .
You can find the videos on thunderf00t 's channel .
I understand there was a pretty heavy reaction by youtubers to the Randi channel shutdown , too .
The Internet Safety Technical Task Force was created in February 2008 in accordance with the Joint Statement on Key Principles of Social Networking Safety announced in January 2008 by the Attorneys General Multi-State Working Group on Social Networking and MySpace .
The scope of the Task Force 's inquiry was to consider those technologies that industry and end users - including parents - can use to help keep minors safer on the Internet .
Creative Commons has spent a lot of time over the past year or so strategizing , and worrying , about the current state of the public domain and its future .
In particular , we ’ve been thinking about ways to help cultivate a vibrant and rich pool of freely available resources accessible to anyone to use for any purpose , unconditionally .
Our copyright licenses empower creators to manage their copyright on terms they choose .
But what about creators who are n’t concerned about those protections , or who later want to waive those rights altogether ?
Unfortunately , the law makes it virtually impossible to waive the copyright automatically bestowed on creators .
The problem is compounded by the fact that copyright terms vary dramatically and are frequently extended .
Additionally , new protections , like the creation of sui generis database rights in the EU , are layered atop traditional rights , making an already complex system of copyright all the more complicated .
In combination , these challenges stand in the way of the vibrant public domain that CC and many others envision .
Today at the O’Reilly Emerging Technology conference , our CEO Joi Ito will formally introduce the first of two tools designed to address these challenges .
CC0 ( read “ CC Zero ” ) is a universal waiver that may be used by anyone wishing to permanently surrender the copyright and database rights they may have in a work , thereby placing it as nearly as possible into the public domain .
CC0 is not a license , but a legal tool that improves on the “ dedication ” function of our existing , U.S. - centric public domain dedication and certification .
CC0 is universal in form and may be used throughout the world for any kind of content without adaptation to account for laws in different jurisdictions .
And like our licenses , CC0 has the benefit of being expressed in three ways – legal code , a human readable deed , and machine - readable code that allows works distributed under CC0 to be easily found .
Read our FAQs to learn more .
CC0 is an outgrowth of six years of experience with our existing public domain tool , the maturation of ccREL ( our recommendations for machine - readable work information ) , and the requirements of educators and scientists for the public domain .
Science Commons ’ work on the Open Access Data Protocol , to ensure interoperability of data and databases in particular , informed our development of CC0 .
It should come as no surprise that several of CC0 ’s early adopters are leading some of the most important projects within the scientific community .
The ProteomeCommons.org Tranche network is one such early adopter .
“ Our goal is to remove as many barriers to scientific data sharing as possible in order to promote new discoveries .
The Creative Commons CC0 waiver was incorporated into our uploading options as the default in order to help achieve this goal .
By giving a simple option to release data into the public domain , CC0 removes the complex barriers of licensing and restrictions .
This lets researchers focus on what ’s most important , their research and new discoveries , ” said Philip Andrews , Professor at the University of Michigan .
Another early adopter of CC0 is the Personal Genome Project , a pioneer in the emerging field of personal genomics technology .
The Personal Genome Project is announcing today the release of a large data set containing genomic sequences for ten individuals using CC0 , with future planned releases also under CC0 .
“ PersonalGenomes.org is committed to making our research data freely available to the public because we think that is the best way to promote discovery and advance science , and CC0 helps us to state that commitment in a clear and legally accurate way , ” said Jason Bobe , Director of Community .
John Wilbanks , CC ’s vice president for science , follows Joi Ito at Etech with a presentation addressing the role of CC0 in promoting open innovation .
Building CC0 into a universally robust tool has required the efforts and dedication of many over the course of more than a year .
CC jurisdiction project leads in particular provided us with meaningful forums in which to openly discuss CC0 ’s development .
They also provided jurisdiction - specific research critical to our understanding of public domain around the world .
This support was invaluable to the crafting of a legally sound public domain tool for use everywhere .
An overview of CC ’s development and public comment process can be found on the CC wiki , together with links to our blog postings summarizing key policy and drafting decisions .
About the second tool that we refer to above , stay tuned .
Funding permitting , we plan to roll out a beta public domain assertion tool this coming summer that will make it easy for people to tag and find content already in the public domain — increasing its effective size , even if due to copyright extensions works are not naturally added to the public domain .
Note , one small improvement we ’re introducing with CC0 is that its deed and legalcode are located at http://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/.
The forthcoming public domain assertion tool will also be rooted under this directory .
Thanks to everyone who reminded us that the public domain is not a license , and public domain tools should not be under a “ licenses ” directory !
A word of thanks to our pro bono legal counsel at Wilson Sonsini Goodrich & Rosati and Latham & Watkins .
Their legal review and analysis provided the heightened level of rigor that users of our licenses and legal tools have come to expect from Creative Commons .
The Koch Snowflake is a neat fractal shape … that you can make in your kitchen .
Some time ago we showed how you can make Sierpinski triangles out of polymer clay , and followed that up by making fractal cookies , in the pattern of the Sierpinski carpet .
Another well - known simple fractal is the Koch Snowflake– soon to be known as the Koch Cupcake !
For this project we are experimenting with making iterated fractals out of edible doughs : marzipan and rolled fondant .
We should note up front that neither is particularly easy to work with in this level of detail , but the result may well be worth the effort .
Koch Cupcakes ( along with Sierpinski cookies ) certainly rank as optimal geek chow .
While the Koch Snowflake is a beautiful shape , it is not necessarily obvious how to go about constructing it physically .
The algorithm to do this was demonstrated by Instructables member LarrySDonald , who showed how to do this same project last year ( with less edible clay ) .
The first thing to recognize about building it is that it consists of three identical Koch curves placed around a triangular core .
That gives us a simplification : we can first make the Koch curve by iteration , and then cut it into thirds and place it around the core .
Let ’s look a detailed look at the algorithm :
We begin ( 1 ) by making a triangular cane of ( in this case ) blue fondant .
That ’s “ iteration 0 ” in the usual terms that are used to describe this shape .
We then stretch that cane until it ’s it has one ninth the cross-sectional area , and ( 2 ) cut it into four pieces .
We then ( 3 ) assemble those four pieces together with a similarly sized triangular cane of white fondant .
Finally ( 4 ) we add a triangular cap of blue fondant .
This last part is not strictly necessary as part of the iteration process to produce the shape on a computer , but is done to produce a final triangular shape that can be easily worked by hand in the next iteration .
In the next iteration , we begin ( 1 ) with the output material from the first iteration– a blue triangular cane with a smaller white triangle inset .
Again we stretch that ( 2 ) into four smaller pieces and assemble them ( 3 ) with a piece of fresh white material .
Note the orientation of the triangles in this step .
To continue iterating , we again apply a triangular cap .
Iteration 3 is produced the same way , and you can continue iterating with the same process until the limit of your patience– or at least for the case of edible doughs , until they begin to dry out too much .
After the last iteration that will be performed , you can leave off the triangular cap , and instead ( 1 ) cut the resulting cane into three pieces , which are then ( 2 ) placed around a larger triangular cane of white material , finally realizing the snowflake shape .
We began our physical construction with Wilton rolled fondant .
It comes in a box , ready made .
We split a large chunk into two pieces .
One piece we left as white material .
The other piece we colored blue with gel food coloring , which adds less moisture to the fondant than regular food coloring does .
Also note : rubber gloves are a good idea when working with concentrated food coloring !
After rolling out and stacking the triangular canes , here is iteration number 1 .
And iteration number 2 .
We did three iterations ( fondant is fickle ) and assembled the final snowflake out of narrow slices , rather than building a giant cane of it .
We put the parts down on the cutting board and rolled them together , creating a smooth shape on the underside .
Just add cupcakes ….
As we mentioned earlier , we also tried marzipan .
a >
Marzipan comes in a tube .
It works into a nice flexible dough and it ’s quite tasty .
It has the same sort of drying problems that fondant does , and the natural color is that of almonds rather than that of sugar .
It can also be colored with the application of gel food coloring .
And there we have it : Koch Cupcakes in fondant and marzipan .
As we have mentioned before , the interesting thing about fractals like these is that they are emergent phenomena– complex patterns that show up when a simple algorithm is iterated .
We often think of mathematical iteration as something that only happens in computers , but as these examples show , there are a number of interesting certain cases where you can perform iteration with your hands as well .
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) - Playboy magazine on Friday named the University of Miami as the top party school in the United States based on five criteria that included a nod to brainpower .
Fans cheer former University of Miami Hurricane greats as they are presented during half - time festivities during the final game at the Orange Bowl November 10 , 2007 .
REUTERS / Hans Deryk
The adult magazine , which has only occasionally published the party college list in the past but will now turn it into an annual feature , ranked the schools on campus life , sports , sex and academics , or “ brains , ” as Playboy put it .
As a last criteria , Playboy included “ bikini ” which combined weather , guy - to - girl ratio and cheerleaders .
But absent from the credentials were college bars and parties that exist on the fringe of campus life .
“ In order to make the list , you had to be a school where fun happens , so we threw that out and went to other criteria , ” said Playboy Assistant Editor Rocky Rakovic .
Rakovic also said it was hard to quantify just exactly what made a good bar scene from campus to campus , because each location had its specific attributes .
“ You ca n’t say keg party at Arizona State is much better than bar crawl at ( University of ) Wisconsin , ” he explained .
On the subject of brainpower , Rakovic said that criteria was important because , after all , “ you are in college for a reason , to get an education . ”
Judging the intelligence of U.S. university students turned into a rather scientific equation , too , using things like grade point averages , freshman retention and Princeton academic reviews , then giving them a numerical weight and averaging results .
The one surprise , Rakovic said , could be the No. 6 school University of Wisconsin because the “ bikini ” ranking favored schools with warm weather climates .
Playboy began ranking party colleges 20 years ago .
The full list is in the magazine ’s May issue and on the Internet at www.playboy.com/partyschools09.
The top 10 party schools are below in order of rank :
1 ) University of Miami
2) University of Texas ( Austin )
3 ) San Diego State University
4 ) University of Florida
5 ) University of Arizona
6 ) University of Wisconsin ( Madison )
7 ) University of Georgia
8 ) Louisiana State University
9 ) University of Iowa
10 ) West Virginia University
The Netherlands will again refuse to approve the European Union ’s accounts , finance minister Wouter Bos told a radio programme on Monday night .
The EU ’s own audit office has already said that the spending of billions of euros has not been properly accounted for in the organisation ’s 2007 books .
It is the 14th year in a row that the accounts have been criticised by the auditor .
The Netherlands is the only country which is refusing to vote for the EU accounts to be passed , NOS tv said .
The cast of Seinfeld is to reunite on quirky comedy show Curb Your Enthusiasm Jason Alexander and Michael Richards will all appear on the upcoming season of the show , which was created by and stars Larry David - one of the brains behind Seinfeld
The cameo appearances will mark the first time all four Seinfeld stars have appeared together in a TV show since Seinfeld went off the air nearly 11 years ago .
IMDb.com , Inc. takes no responsibility for the content or accuracy of the above news articles , Tweets , or blog posts .
This content is published for the entertainment of our users only .
The news articles , Tweets , and blog posts do not represent IMDb 's opinions nor can we guarantee that the reporting therein is completely factual .
Please visit the source responsible for the item in question to report any concerns you may have regarding content or accuracy .
Description
Well , this game has been in the works since the Summer .
It fuses logic and speed into a unique puzzle experience .
You have to go around each level using two pieces , which are separated by a wall in the middle .
There are many different objects you can interact with that will affect your surroundings .
There are 30 levels in total -- Good luck !!
And if you ever get stuck , there 's a hint section in the Options menu .
The game saves your data , so do n't worry about quitting out .
Broncos quarterback Jay Cutler said Sunday night he has formally asked Denver to trade him and confirmed that a Saturday meeting with first - year coach Josh McDaniels ended badly from his perspective , while McDaniels offered another viewpoint on Sunday night .
" I went in there with every intention of solving the issue , being a Bronco , moving forward as a Bronco , " Cutler said .
" We were n't in there but about 20 minutes , [ McDaniels ] did most of the talking and as far as I 'm concerned , he made it clear he wants his own guy .
He admitted he wanted Matt Cassel because he said he has raised him up from the ground as a quarterback .
He said he was n't sorry about it .
He made it clear that he could still entertain trading me because , as he put it , he 'll do whatever he feels is in the best interest of the organization .
Jay Cutler said while new Denver coach Josh McDaniels has n't been critical of him , Cutler can no longer trust McDaniels .
Matthew Emmons / US
Presswire
" At the end of the meeting , he was n't like , ' Jay , I want you as our quarterback , you 're our guy . '
It felt like the opposite .
He basically said that I needed to tell him if we can't work this out , to let him know , " Cutler added .
" I thought he was antagonizing me and that was disappointing because I was ready to move on , committed as a Bronco .
Really , I figured we'd hash things out , shake hands , laugh a little and move forward .
What happened [ Saturday ] was the last thing I expected .
If I did n't think it could be fixed , I never would have come back to Denver .
It was painfully obvious to me and Bus [ Cook , his agent ] it 's not something they want to fix . "
Consequently , Cutler instructed Cook , who also attended the meeting , to formally request a trade .
The quarterback said he left town late Sunday and would skip McDaniels ' first ( nonmandatory ) team meeting Monday as the Broncos begin their offseason program .
" The Denver Broncos confirm that Jay Cutler has requested a trade , " team spokesman Jim Saccomano told The Associated Press on Monday .
Broncos owner Pat Bowlen told The Denver Post on Sunday that he was disappointed with how Cutler has handled the situation .
In a telephone interview with ESPN , McDaniels was reluctantly expansive on the story .
" I really have wanted to avoid a he -said , she - said thing but it 's only fair for us to present the Bronco side of the story rather than let things get taken out of context , " McDaniels said .
" There 's been a pattern here for the past two weeks the way things [ have been represented ] in our communications .
I do n't think anything that happened [ Saturday ] was out of the ordinary .
At the end of the meeting , Jay said he had thought about things quite a bit and requested a few more hours to mull things over .
He said he wanted to talk to Bus on how to proceed .
He was gonna call me on my cell phone and that never happened .
Instead , Bus called [ GM ] Brian [ Xanders ] .
" Again , I think that 's been a pattern .
I could n't get [ Cutler ] to talk to me for two weeks or to talk to Mr. Bowlen .
Then when he came here this weekend , we could n't get a one - on - one meeting , just me and him alone .
He wanted Bus in there , so I had Brian sit in , too .
And it was the four of us .
There was n't any yelling , none of that .
I can't believe we get to a totally different [ interpretation ] .
It is a magnificent thing that Murray Rothbard ’s most overlooked masterpiece , his Austrian Perspective on the History of Economic Thought , has now been made available free online in two volumes , with complete navigation tools : Economic Thought Before Adam Smith and Classical Economics .
It is the culmination of a process that began in the 1980s with the original research and writing , and many lectures , often presented at the offices of the Mises Institute .
Finally , they appeared in print in 1995 , the year he died .
But the volumes were so expensive that they were nearly unaffordable for regular people .
In 2006 , the Mises Institute was able to publish both volumes at a fraction of the original price .
Now , at last , the ideas have been set free with complete online editions .
There are not enough superlatives to describe what Rothbard has done in these books .
He was not of the view that progress always defines the trajectory of ideas over time .
He looked for truth in the ancient world , the middle ages , and modern times , while spotting error and outright evil in all times as well .
He is fearless in naming names .
The result is a remarkable intellectual drama , one so compelling that it will redefine the way you look at the course of history itself .
It is not just the astonishing level of research , but the ebullient energy of Rothbard ’s personality and prose .
Open any page and see what happens .
Looking randomly now at page 33 in volume one , we get a roundup of the early Christian fathers and theologians .
Tertullian was hostile to the merchant class partly because he expected the world to founder at any moment on the shoals of excess population .
St. Jerome was not much better : he extolled the zero-sum view of wealth : “ the rich man is unjust , or the heir of an unjust one . ”
The best of the lot was Clement of Alexandra , who celebrated private property and warned : “ We must not cast away riches which can benefit our neighbor .
Possessions were made to be possessed ; goods are called goods because they do good , and they have been provided by God for the good of men : they are at hand and serve as the material , the instruments for a good use in the hand of him who knows how to use them . ”
Fascinating , is n’t it ?
That ’s about one one - millionth of what you get here .
To read these books is like finding yourself at the most opulent banquet you can imagine , with an endless variety of foods prepared by the world ’s greatest chefs , and everything is free .
But there is a difference between culinary satisfaction and this intellectual feast .
The mind is capable of far more consumption than the body , and Rothbard lavishes us with ideas .
You get the sense that he just ca n’t wait to tell you what he has discovered .
He has your attention and is thrilled , and hopes to engage you for as long as possible on the topic at hand .
He draws you into this world and ends up making what some might think is a boring topic come alive and just about take over your life .
It ’s a wonderful work , and it tells you something about the person that he was .
His number one passion was research and his number two passion was telling others about what he found .
In this sense , he was remarkably self - effacing .
After all , he was an innovator like few minds in human history .
His unique contributions to economic theory comprise a long list .
More than that , he was the first to fully integrate economic science , moral philosophy , and political theory in a unified theory of liberty .
To say that is not an exaggeration in the slightest .
He was the founder of modern libertarianism , a theory of politics that is so compelling that once you have absorbed it , it becomes the lens through which you end up understanding all economic and political events .
The best roundup of the whole of Rothbardian thought , by the way , is this excellent small book by David Gordon : The Essential Rothbard .
Oddly , however , Rothbard himself does n’t figure into his own history of ideas .
It ’s not just that he never got around to writing about the 20th century .
There is more at work .
What we see here is a fascinating combination of generosity and humility , a man far more interested in promoting the sound ideas of others rather than his own work .
We saw this in the course of his life , and once we understand it , we gain insight into the unusual personal conflicts that have been fodder for gossip and legend in libertarian circles for decades .
Justin Raimondo does a fine job of discussing many of these in his biography Enemy of the State .
He shows that the history of personality conflicts that peppered the life of Rothbard really amount to a long series of personal betrayals of their benefactor ( the worst sin , in Dante ’s view ) .
And yet this raises the question :
Why were there so many who benefitted from Rothbard ’s personal mentorship and later turned on him to denounce him and try so hard to topple him from his position as Mr. Libertarian ?
Some , like the billionaire Charles Koch , attempted to run his name out of public life , as documented in Brian Doherty ’s Radicals for Capitalism .
Here is a stab at a reason .
To be around Rothbard , and to be part of his circle of friends , was an enormously flattering experience .
He made everyone feel brilliant and important .
He was n’t the sort to insist that one sit at his feet and learn from him .
He drew you in and made you feel as if you were making a great contribution to a historic project .
If you made a point that he thought was a good one , he would praise you to the skies .
If you go through Rothbard ’s work , you find an unleashed passion for giving others credit for contributions to the history of ideas .
His Ethics of Liberty , for example , is replete with citations to people who otherwise made no mark .
The people who entered into his world began to think of themselves as Rothbard ’s intellectual equals , and this was not an accident .
It was something that Rothbard himself encouraged .
He was radically against the creation of a personality cult , and instead shared and spread his ideas with profligate abandon .
These people came to be so flattered by his attention , and so absorbed into his approach , that they actually started to believe that Rothbard himself was dispensable .
There was usually some precipitating event .
The Rothbardian would write an article that departed from the master in some respect .
Rothbard might have said nothing , but this was not his way .
He longed for intellectual engagement , so he would come back and engage , usually in a way that harmed the pride of the disciple .
The disciple would take it all personally and turn on the master in a life - changing way , and swear eternal enmity .
This happened time and again , even for some not in the Koch ambit .
But consider the driving force here .
Rothbard was so generous , so flattering to those around him , that his disciples felt empowered to the point that they actually believed that they were on Rothbard ’s intellectual level and could easily break off on their own , and become famous .
A telling fact , however , is that none of these people — and there were many — really did anything on their own , and what they did do amounted to recycling what Rothbard had taught them without giving him credit .
That ’s a short history of how it came to be that Rothbard , one of the century ’s brightest lights , rarely received the credit he deserved during his lifetime .
Now , nearly fifteen years after his death , his star is higher than ever , with a new edition of Man , Economy , and State just published , and his triumphant History of Economic
Thought now online for the whole world .
He continues to teach us all , as generous as he was in life .
Fortunately , now he is also getting the credit , while even his detractors can only stand in awe at his current influence .
Books by Lew Rockwell
Lew Rockwell Archives
The Best of Llewellyn H. Rockwell , Jr.
MARCH 12 -- Here 's the statement Bernard Madoff read this morning in federal court as he pleaded guilty to orchestrating a massive Ponzi scheme .
Madoff , 70 , claimed that he was ' actually grateful for this first opportunity to publicly speak about my crimes , for which I am so deeply sorry and ashamed . '
After Madoff copped to 11 felony counts , U.S. District Court Judge Denny Chin revoked the swindler 's bail and ordered him jailed at Manhattan 's Metropolitan Correctional Center .
Prosecutors have accused Madoff of running a decades - long scam that bilked investors of more than $ 50 billion .
Madoff is scheduled to be sentenced on June 16 and faces up to 150 years in prison .
( 6 pages )
A female athlete who won dozens of medals has discovered that she was in fact a man all along , leaving her no choice but to return her many awards .
Xiao Nan of Chengdu won more than 40 medals after graduating from high school .
Her dominating performances brought her great acclaim and a free university education .
However , a visit to a local hospital proved what Xiao had suspected all along : the tests showed that Xiao possessed male chromosomes , confirming suspicions that she was really a he .
Xiao has since retired from competing and is now living as a man .
“ Being a champion was never a happy thing to me .
Standing on the podium made me feel guilty , and I always thought the real champion should have been the one standing next to me . ”
Xiao has begun a course of sex change surgery at Sichuan Xichan Plastic Surgery Hospital which will take nine months .
At the end of which , Xiao will lose all vestiges of ever having been a woman .
Xiao could n’t be happier at the prospect .
“ The first thing I want to do after the surgery is to go swimming , wearing only boxer shorts . ”
Via Ananova .
Last night in #haskell , there was some interesting discussion going on , in which we discovered a class of data structures that seems to fit in between Applicative and Monad .
A foreword though : Most of the credit for this article should go to Brent Yorgey , Cale Gibbard , Peaker and Tristan Seligmann – the article is the product of a discussion with them last night in which they did most of the work .
Why does n’t Applicative cut the mustard
One of the major drawbacks of Applicative is that you ca n’t make choices without evaluating too much .
If we attempt to use lift A3 if ' , we find that we evaluate both branches , no matter what we get back from our predicate .
So just use Monad , right ?
Well no , bind / join give us too much power , they let us make choices between an infinite number of functions , we only want the ability to make a choice between a finite number of branches .
We can define this class then :
class Applicative b =>
Branchy b where ifB :: b Bool -> b a -> b a -> b a
We can add a pair of laws to this that force this to really be an if like operation , and to make sure that we get lazyness properly :
ifB ( pure True ) x y = x ifB ( pure False ) x y = y
These laws though may not be complete in getting us to a useful class .
Cale has suggested this additional law to get us closer , but holes in the laws are a definite place to do some work hashing this out .
f <*> ifB b x y = ifB b ( f <*> x ) ( f <*> y )
So then , do we actually have something useful here ?
For that , we would have to find two things – an Applicative which is not a Branchy ( to show that we ’ve not just reinvented applicatives ) , and a Branchy that ’s not a Monad .
Well , clearly Const a is not a Branchy , a Const a Bool does not actually contain a Bool with which to decide which branch to take .
And , here ’s the useful Branchy that ’s not a monad :
instance Branchy ZipList where ifB ( ZipList ps ) ( ZipList xs ) ( ZipList ys ) = ZipList $ zipWith3 if ' ps xs ys
Using Either instead
Andrea Vezzosi commented this morning that the interface would be rather nicer if rather than using ifB , we used eitherB :: b ( Either c d ) -> b ( c -> e ) -> b ( d -> e ) -> b e .
While each can be implemented in terms of the other , eitherB allows for a little more efficiency .
The following implementation of eitherB evaluates the either twice :
eitherB fe fl fr = ifB ( isLeft < $> fe ) ( ( .fromLeft ) < $> fl ) ( ( .fromRight ) < $> fr ) <*> fe
This version of the class also makes the connection with ArrowChoice rather clearer .
I ’d really appreciate everyone ’s comments on this topic .
Will Canada 's Next Prime Minister Be a Muckraking Russian Novelist ?
Michael Ignatieff , using his imagination
Michael Ignatieff , answering a question about domestic policy
Currently , Canada 's liberal party leader is Michael Ignatieff , the descendent of a Russian Count , who has typed his way to the top of the Canadian political machine by writing novels , screenplays , articles about human rights , and by delivering podcasts about philosophy and history .
Canada may hold an election later this spring , and if the liberal party steamrolls into power , it is almost certain that they will propel Ignatieff ( like President Obama , a person who only became famous through the strength and originality of his prose ) to the highest office in the Canadian government .
Ignatieff published his first novel less than 20 years ago in 1991 .
The book was called " Asya , " and is the story of a Russian noblewoman born in 1900 who flees the Revolution to Paris after an affair with a dashing Russian army officer .
In 1993 , Ignatieff was shortlisted for the Booker Prize for his second novel , " Scar Tissue . "
The novel went on to win the Whitbread Novel Prize , which some consider to be the Booker 's populist twin .
From " Publisher 's Weekly " :
" The title [ Scar Tissue ] refers to " the dark starbursts of scar tissue " that indicate a brain being destroyed .
Haunted by the genetic predisposition to Alzheimer 's in his mother 's family , the narrator describes each harrowing stage of her illness , meanwhile speculating about the loss of selfhood when language and memory are obliterated .
There is irony in his insight that " we have just enough knowledge to know our fate but not enough to do anything to avert it . "
The ramifications of the mother 's decline destroy the family : the narrator ascribes his father 's fatal heart attack , the demise of his own marriage , a break with his brother and his months of crippling depression as inescapable consequences .
" Ignatieff 's latest novel , published in 2005 , was called " Charlie Johnson in the Flames , " and is the story of a war correspondent in the Balkans during the turn of the millennium .
The novel was a bit of a flop , so evidently Ignatieff decided to take a break from fiction and to instead seek the highest executive office in Canada .
What does this mean for the shape of politics in the coming years ?
Imagine it , the person who wrote this article for the New York Times movie section called " The Terrorist as Auteur " in charge of a nuclear power , using complex sentences and tricky punctuation to construct a bold , new literate future and foreign policy :
" In Iraq , imagery has replaced argument ; indeed , atrocity footage has become its own argument .
One horrendous picture seems not just to follow the other but also to justify it .
From Abu Ghraib to decapitation footage and back again , we the audience are caught in a loop : one atrocity begetting another in a darkening vortex , without end .
" The world has a long , sad history of failed artists rising to power .
But successful ones ?
What does this mean ?
Writers ?
Respected ?
As leaders ?
Obama and Ignatieff : kicking back , talking about Salman Rushdie , Margaret Atwood , and the future of literary realism ?
Drinking just enough liquor to become moody and unstable , but not enough to fall down or start hitting on flight attendants ?
Starting fights in restaurants about who will pay the bill , and then remembering that their bill will be paid for by taxes , and laughing so hard that they begin to cry ?
"
We have just enough knowledge to know our fate but not enough to do anything to avert it . "
WHEN Recep Tayyip Erdogan stormed out of a panel discussion with Israel 's President Shimon Peres in Davos last January , denouncing Israel 's offensive in Gaza and quoting the sixth commandment “ Thou shalt not kill ” , many wondered whether he had just demolished Turkey 's position as the bridge between the Jews and the Arabs , and between the West and the Islamic world .
He certainly won plaudits among many Muslims , not least Iran 's President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad .
Yet his outburst — and the rancour against America and Europe that many Turks now express — seem not to have done him any harm with the administration of Barack Obama .
On the contrary , at a time when America wants to reach out to the Muslim world , Mr Erdogan 's popularity may be useful .
After visiting London , Brussels and Prague next month , Mr Obama will travel to Turkey , keeping a pledge to visit a Muslim country in his first 100 days .
Delighted Turkish officials see favourable omens : they say it will be the first time an American president has visited Turkey without also making an obligatory visit to its rival , Greece .
They interpret Mr Obama 's decision to visit as part of a European tour , rather than a Middle Eastern one , as confirmation of Turkey 's importance in NATO and a message of American support for Turkey 's wish to join the European Union .
One senior official spoke of a new “ golden era ” in Turkish - American relations , with co-operation on a host of issues : the Arab - Israeli dispute ; opening a dialogue between America and Iran to curb Tehran 's nuclear programme ; stabilising Iraq as American forces leave ; and opening energy pipelines through the Caucasus .
Perhaps the most important of these issues is Iran .
This week Turkey 's President Abdullah Gul , in Tehran for a regional economic summit , met the country 's supreme leader , Ayatollah Ali Khamenei .
It was the first time the leader of a NATO member state had been given such an audience , said Mr Gul 's entourage .
Iranian leaders listened as Mr Gul , who recently met the American secretary of state , Hillary Clinton , urged Iran to take up an American olive branch .
Mrs Clinton said Iran would be invited to a meeting in The Hague later this month of Afghanistan 's neighbours and countries contributing troops to the NATO - led stabilisation mission there .
Still , Turkish officials are holding back their hopes of an early breakthrough between America and Iran .
It is hard for “ an iceberg to melt overnight ” , says one .
America will probably not want to move until after Iran 's presidential elections in June .
It fears that a quick thaw would strengthen the hardline Mr Ahmadinejad , who could claim that his policy of nuclear defiance had succeeded in forcing America to deal with Iran on its own terms .
Until then , Turkey hopes America will restrain the incoming Israeli government from turning up hostile rhetoric against Iran , or from trying to attack its nuclear facilities .
Iran , for its part , told Turkey it wants more confidence - building steps from Washington .
In public , it shows little sign of softening .
Mr Ahmadinejad dismissed Turkey 's mediation .
Mr Khamenei said America had made “ big mistakes ” in Iraq , Afghanistan and Gaza .
“ The American government is continuing the same previous path and there is no sign of efforts to make up for the mistakes , ” he said .
Turkey wants to highlight Mr Erdogan 's other moves : helping repair Syria 's relations with Saudi Arabia and Egypt , and pushing for reconciliation between the two Palestinian factions , Hamas and Fatah .
Turkey also claims to have played a part in bringing together the leaders of Afghanistan and Pakistan .
“ Obama knows that , ” says Mr Gul .
As Europe frets about the reliability of oil and gas supplies from Russia — a dispute with Ukraine in January left much of eastern and central Europe freezing — Turkey 's position as the alternative route for energy supplies through Georgia should enhance its standing .
This fragile corridor would be strengthened if Turkey were to succeed in another ambition : a grand bargain to resolve border disputes involving Turkey , Armenia and Azerbaijan .
Stay in touch
Follow us : Twitter , like us : Facebook and read us : RSS Feed
Browse Prayers
Click to read and hear prayers in your religion :
Catholic , Protestant , Jewish , Muslim , Buddhist , Hindu and Unaffiliated .
Click to read and hear prayers in your language :
English , Deutsch , Español , Français , Polski , Português and עברית .
Welcome to Information Age Prayer .
We provide information on prayer and a unique computer prayer service .
We support relief organizations dedicated to helping people in need around the world .
While here , you can pray along with streaming sounds , and request to have a computer read some prayers in your name .
Sign up today and you will receive 10 free points which you can use to request prayers .
Read more
The New York Times takes a cold look at the ethanol industry and essentially writes its obituary .
The industry is barely keeping its head above water , even with government support and its long term outlook does n't look particularly good .
Here 's a recap of why the industry is doomed :
Ethanol plants are shutting down almost every week .
Cellulosic ethanol plants are n't picking up the slack left from corn manufacturing plants ( and seem to have no chance of doing so . )
Have you seen the price of oil lately ?
It 's sinking .
The price of corn is n't dropping , making corn ethanol a foolish investment .
VeraSun , Cascade Grain , Northeast Biofuels , and Renew Energy are bankrupt .
Pacific Ethanol is suspending operations .
The " contention " that increased ethanol production raises food prices .
Private investment in biofuels has plummeted .
Demand for ethanol is slipping , because demand for gasoline will be down 6 % in 2009 - 2010 , compared to 2007 .
Regulations set a 10 % mandate for ethanol , but there will be more ethanol available than will fill that mandate .
The excess ethanol can't be put into gasoline , because automakers say that engines are n't equipped to handle higher concentrations of ethanol .
The industry is failing even though it gets billions in subsidies from Congress .
The Times article does n't even bother citing the recent University of Minnesota study that found corn ethanol is n't even good for the environment .
According to that study , when the environmental effects of growing and harvesting corn are taken into consideration , ethanol is no better for the environment than regular gasoline .
If one factors in the damage it causes to air quality , it might be worse .
As bad as it all sounds , the end is not nigh if a person wants to drive and not feel like she is polluting the environment or contributing to foreign oil suppliers .
We simply call the solution electric cars .
Sure , they 're not ready right now , but neither is ethanol .
If the government diverted all its ethanol cash to electric car production , we'd be in better shape .
For years , people have called Watchmen " unfilmable , " and they said it would never make it to the big screen .
Those people , we have no doubt , never saw any of the movies on this list .
If there 's one thing this list proves , it 's that Hollywood will film anything and call it a comic book movie .
Starring :
Reb Brown
The Trailer :
The Plot :
Steve Rogers is a young artist who enjoys wallowing in self pity as much as he enjoys remembering his far superior father ( which is to say , very much ) .
His father was a patriotic government agent during the war who , due to his dedication and bravery , was given the nickname " Captain America . "
He also developed a " super- steroid , " which seems less brave , but people went with it because they had already gone to the trouble of giving him that nickname .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
When young , whiny Steve suffers an accident and is given his father 's special steroid during surgery .
Not only does the steroid save his life , it gives him super strength and speed , which he uses , at the behest of the government , to fight evil .
" Now that I 'm virtually indestructible , I 'll gladly fight crime ! "
Oh , but instead of serving in the war ( like his father , and the Steve Rogers in the comics ) , he uses his super - speed to buy a giant cargo fan and a moderately fast motorcycle and rides around for a good portion of the movie , briefly pausing only at the end of the film to foil a random terrorist plot that involves hiding a bomb somewhere .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Why It Sucked :
Steve Rogers from the comics was an artist at heart , sure , but he was also prepared to fight for his country even before he was loaded up with super steroids .
He was a superhero who could have genuinely been considered a true hero pre-powers .
The writers of 1971's Captain America thought this was so inspiring that they decided to leave it out completely and focus on the whiny , artsy side .
" I 'll tell you what Red Skull hurt the most : my feelings ...
One of the other great things about Captain America was that he willingly volunteered to take the super serum , because it meant he would be better at doing what he loved ( punching Nazis ) .
In this movie , the serum is given to Rogers without his consent , and he reluctantly decides to fight crime after it turns out he has superpowers .
Basically , everything that made Steve Rogers honorable and respectable was removed and replaced with ... art ?
A helmet ?
We do n't even know .
A see - through shield ?
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Gay undertones ?
Now , the good Captain 's transportation does n't really come up too often in the comics , so we can't say the filmmakers behind this movie screwed it up .
Still , we feel fairly secure in the belief that he would not roll around in a blue GMC Van that shoots an almost useless motorcycle out of the back .
And finally , the costume .
Instead of just copying the already awesome comic book costume , they apparently hired a costume designer who'd never heard of Steve Rogers ( or America ) , and said , " Make an American motorcycle superhero in 10 minutes or you 're fired . "
Why You 've Never Seen It :
This movie was only made for TV and the general reaction of the public was so collectively indifferent , that they decided to make a terrible sequel that received a similar amount of disinterest .
In case you were wondering where on earth all that money went that you shoveled into the black hole known as AIG , we now have a pretty good idea .
$ 13 billion of it went to Goldman Sachs
$ 12 billion went to Soc Gen
$ 12 billion went to Deutsche Bank
$ 9 billion went to Barclays
$ 7 billion went to Merrill Lynch
$ 5 billion went to Bank of America
And so on .
All these firms did business with AIG voluntarily .
All these firms knew ( or should have known ) the risks of doing business with an unregulated firm in an unregulated part of the market .
All these firms were willing to take the risk that AIG would n't be able to make good on its commitments .
( Or , more accurately , all these firms were willing to take the risk the government would NOT bail out AIG if it were as dumb and reckless as it looked -- and this proved to be a safe and smart bet . )
By now , however , one thing should be clear :
The government 's decision to bail out AIG on the terms it did was a colossal mistake .
All of the counterparties that were secretly bailed out via the AIG bailout could have and should have shared at least some of the loss .
But because incompetence is clearly not confined to those who work in the financial services industry , the American taxpayer will , once again , foot the bill .
Here 's the full list of those who got secret bailouts via AIG , ranked in order of gift .
Read it and weep :
And here 's the press release , which was no doubt timed to dilute the outrage over the $ 450 million in bonus payments AIG just made to the division that made all these idiotic commitments in the first place .
A.I.G.'s Biggest Counterparties
Yesterday ’s Post - Dispatch had a story on the front page of the Business section that immediately caught my eye : St. Louis - based agribiz giant Monsanto has started blogging ( and Twittering and YouTube-ing ) .
That ’s right : Monsanto , the company many of us in the sustainability sphere love to hate , has entered the conversation .
That , on the surface , is a good thing .
Of course , the devil ’s in the details .
As occasional contributor Max Gladwell pointed out in “ 10 Ways that Social Media and Sustainability Line Up , ” social media can provide a high return on investment for a business … provided its efforts are grounded in transparency .
I ’d add that such efforts must also be based in a genuine desire to interact : social media is conversation , and all parties have to both talk and listen .
Without these elements , a corporate blog will strike its intended audience as just another effort at message control .
Monsanto ’s blog also seems to validate another of Max ’s points : much of the content so far has consisted of responses to grassroots criticisms of the company ventures into biotechnology , particularly genetic engineering of crop seeds .
As blogger and public affairs manager John Combest told the P - D , “ ” There was this big conversation going on ( on the Internet ) , and we were n’t a part of it . ”
So , how ’s the company doing in its initial forray into the blogosphere ?
At this point , I ’d argue they still have a lot to learn .
Yes , they ’re new to this , and I ’m not sure there ’s any way to learn how to blog well other than on - the - job training .
As such , they ’ll make plenty of mistakes early on .
I ’m more concerned , though , about the overall tone I ’m seeing in the blog .
It ’s difficult to get a real conversation ( versus a shouting match ) going if you tend to dismiss your critics .
And there ’s an awful lot of that so far .
Take these passages from the “ Why a Monsanto Blog ? ” page :
The title Monsanto According to Monsanto is a spoof of The World According to Monsanto , a horribly biased documentary which portrays Monsanto in a very negative light .
Aside from the shoddy journalism , we at Monsanto found it incredibly arrogant that the filmmaker would present her own twisted view of Monsanto as the company ’s view of the world … ( my link added for the film ) Monsanto has a fair number of critics .
Technology in agriculture is an emotional topic and there are organizations or individuals who generally oppose modern agriculture or biotechnology .
This blog will be used on a rather frequent basis to respond to criticism leveled against Monsanto and the use of technology in agriculture .
Here ’s another example from “ Indian Farmer Suicide — The Bottom Line “ :
[ Biotech ] cotton is making life better in India .
Unfortunately , critics of biotech do not like these favorable statistics or news reports , so they rely on baseless smear campaigns to create a visceral reaction in those who are unfamiliar with the facts .
Debt is the reason for Indian farmer suicide–but the economic benefits from
Bt cotton may be the key to reversing the tragic statistics .
Monsanto ’s blogger could certainly argue that this is tone critics have take with the company .
To a large degree , they ’re right .
But , at this point in my search of their archives , I have yet to see any effort to acknowledge critics who are informed on the science of biotechnology , and still do n’t like the company ’s activities .
There are plenty of them out there …
A couple of other notes : According to the P - D article , any employee at Monsanto can contribute to the blog , and they ’re encouraged to do so .
So far , though , the only posts have come from the dedicated blog team , all of whom are members of the public affairs department .
Secondly , the “ Why a Monsanto Blog ? ” page claims that the company will use this venue to “ to levy some criticism ourselves ” ( which I assume means criticism of the company … though it does n’t specifically say that ) .
If I ’m interpreting that right , I have yet to see any efforts on this front .
But they ’ve definitely taken plenty of shots at critics ( which is what they may have meant ) .
This is a very new effort , so I do n’t want to be too critical : Monsanto is making an effort here .
At this point , though , this effort feels very much like typical corporate communications in a more conversational voice .
If that turns out to be the sum total of their blogging efforts , I doubt they ’ll see much ROI on it .
If they ’re genuinely willing to listen to informed criticism , and to get decision - makers into the mix of bloggers , this could represent a substantive step forward .
The blogosphere ’s a messy marketplace of ideas ; corporations , however , value message control .
A few companies have done well entering the social media space .
They jury ’s still out on Monsanto ( as it should be ) … we ’ll want to keep a close eye on their efforts , though .
Do n’t want GMOs in your garden ?
Check out our selection of organic seeds .
In its beginning Mother Jones , the leftist magazine founded in 1976 in San Francisco , viewed itself as a defender of independent journalism free from corporate meddling .
Today it sees itself as a defender of journalism itself .
As such , Mother Jones has become a real - life laboratory for whether nonprofit journalism  a topic of the moment in mainstream news media circles  can withstand a deep recession .
Mother Jones , named for the early - 20th - century radical labor organizer Mary Harris Jones , is a nonprofit bimonthly that has long sponsored investigative journalism in the tradition of Upton Sinclair .
It cemented its reputation with a famous piece in 1977 on the Ford Motor Company ’s indifference toward a fuel tank design flaw ; the article has come to be known as the “ exploding Pinto ” story .
Back in the fall , when the economic downturn intensified , and the plight of print publications became more dire , Mother Jones suffered , despite its position of not being in it for the money .
Advertising plummeted , down 23 percent in 2008 , and some of the big donations the magazine depends on did n’t come through .
China will increase spending on agricultural production by 20 % this year amid warnings that climate change could spark a future food crisis .
Prime minister Wen Jiabao's announcement of an extra 121 billion yuan ( £ 13 bn ) to boost farm yields and raise rural incomes was a central part of his annual budget speech at the Great Hall of the People .
The government 's spending pledge also included extra money for renewable energy and improved power efficiency , but these environmental benefits were outweighed by moves to boost overall domestic consumption and a likely emphasis on intensive agriculture .
The short - term aim is to ease the impact of the economic crisis on rural dwellers , who account for more than half of the 1.3bn population .
This group is considered a potential source of social instability because the average rural income is just a third that of the city .
Wen said grain prices would be increased as an incentive for farmers to produce more .
Many Chinese people can remember the famines of the early 1960s which killed tens of millions of people .
More recently , improved farming policies and technologies have given China a high level of self - sufficiency and growth .
But the country 's top economic planning body warned that this would be hard to maintain .
" After five years of bumper harvests , it will be very difficult to keep grain production growing steadily , " the National Development and Reform Commission said today in its annual report , pledging to keep overall output in the coming year at least steady at 500 million tonnes .
Satisfying the appetite of a population growing at the rate of 12 million people per year is all the more difficult as the impacts of climate change are felt .
Lin Erda , a senior researcher with the Chinese Academy of Agricultural Sciences projects a fall in agricultural yields of 14 % to 23 % by 2050 due to water shortages and other impacts .
Northern China , which accounts for 58 % of the country 's food production , suffered its worst drought in half a century earlier this year , according to local media .
Rising temperatures and over -use of water resources has continued to cause desertification , cutting the cropland available .
In the face of this , and continued industrial and urban development , it will be a major task for the coming year to be keep the area of arable land above 120 million hectares , Wen told the 3,000 delegates of the National People 's Congress , China 's parliament .
This is the minimum that the government has long set for food security .
Chinese scientists have not reached a consensus about the potential impact of climate change on overall harvests .
While some areas may be boosted by warmer , wetter growing conditions , other regions are likely to suffer droughts and floods .
Lei Ming , an environmental economist at Peking University said the extra spending on agriculture was a precautionary step .
" The impact of climate change on food production is uncertain .
It may go up , but it is also possible that we will face massive food shortages .
To avoid such a risk , we need to prepare ourselves .
I think that 's one of the reasons the government is increasing the agriculture budget . "
Environmental groups said that the extra investment in rural infrastructure was welcome , but that it could prove counter - productive if not spent on sustainable farming .
" If it is used to subsidise more chemical fertilisers that would be bad , but it could benefit both farmers and the environment if it was used to support eco-friendly cultivation , " said Sze Pangcheung , Greenpeace campaign director .
" But that would require a big paradigm shift . "
Currently , the focus of most funding and research in China is on intensive agriculture and genetic engineering .
While China remains committed to high economic growth , and the consequent greenhouse gas emissions , it will continue to boost environmental programmes as well .
Wen said spending would increase on wind , solar and nuclear power , as well as research on " clean coal " technology .
China 's energy efficiency has improved 10 % over the last three years .
The output of carbon and sulphur emissions grew 5 % slower than the economy in 2008 .
The National Development and Reform Commission said China would introduce a regional climate change programme , shut small coal mines and power plants and continue to experiment with cap and trade emissions programmes .
China was praised for the large green component of the $ 586bn fiscal stimulus package it announced last November .
According to the HSBC Climate Change Centre of Excellence , investment in energy efficiency measures , renewable technology and other efforts to ameliorate the impact of climate change accounted for more than 30 % of the package .
The company has been so secretive about its clients , many believe it is an urban legend .
But in fact it exists on an unassuming city street in a low - rise white building in Bogota , Colombia .
The factory of Miguel Caballero has over 100 employees , and a cleverly selected worldwide spokesman in action movie star Steven Seagal .
The Armani for Moving Targets , Caballero manufactures stylish armour - plated leather coats , suits , vests , sweaters , and even ties , for a clientele that extends far beyond Colombia 's borders - a full 80 per cent of their business comes from overseas orders .
After all , with one of the highest murder rates in the world , a bulletproof garment made for life in Colombia is made for life anywhere .
Buzzed into a sealed - off waiting room , it is immediately obvious that security within the company is taken seriously .
With a clientele that includes several world leaders and the wealthy elite , a company located in the kidnapping capital of the world is expected to take no chances .
Once inside , I 'm disappointed to learn that Miguel Caballero himself is in Miami attending a conference , but I 'm led to the showroom where a full range of the company 's products are on display .
Besides the usual military - chic armoured vests and bomber flak - jackets , some of the mannequins wear stylish , unassuming black leather jackets , overcoats , and college - style camouflage hoodies .
One would never suspect they are capable of stopping a 9 mm bullet .
Until you try them on .
The secret lies in a heavy armour plated panel inserted into the clothing , protecting the vital areas of the upper body while simultaneously blending into the garment 's loose - cut design .
The company claims to be the world 's only certified armour - plate manufacturer to incorporate industry standard protection with stylish design - attractive to those who want to be protected , without advertising to others that there is any need to be .
The key of bullet proof garments is to save lives , not prevent injury .
While the panels will stop a bullet , and in some cases even a direct knife attack , the intended victim is still going to feel the impact .
Trying on the various garments , I felt somewhat invincible , as if for a brief moment , I would survive just about anything ( provided anything did n't include a shot to the head ) .
Employees are dedicated and committed to the product , so much so that everyone who works for Miguel Caballero is required to try on a vest , and be shot by Mr Caballero .
And you thought your job interview was tough .
It is also common for the rich and powerful to put their brave and boldest bodyguards in the line of fire to ensure that purchased garments meet their own particular standards of quality .
I would have liked to have tried this experience on for size myself , but was told that only Mr Caballero is permitted to shoot prospective clients .
Since he was n't in town , there went the one legitimate shot I had at getting shot .
Still , it 's one thing to be told a fur coat can stop a bullet , and another to see it .
After some persuading , the company 's ballistic director agreed to take me into a small room where vest plates are tested .
I am reassured that everything is scientifically measured to the millimetre .
A vest plate is fastened to a square of clay which allows the ballistic experts to measure the impact and potential damage of each bullet .
Handed a pair of orange ear protectors , I am given an Uzi sub - machine gun from which to make the test myself , standing no further than a couple of metres away from the target .
I was initially told the impact is no harder than a finger flick , but examining the clay after the first shot , I see a one inch dent in the clay .
Save lives , not prevent injury .
Making nonsense of country club requirements , the company boasts a private club for the select , unlucky survivors who have been shot wearing a Caballero vest .
Still sales are booming , with boutique stores opening up in hotspots like Miami and Paris .
As the elite and powerful continue to find new ways to ensure their safety , do n't be surprised to find more and more paparazzi photos of stylish , albeit somewhat baggy leather coats .
Should anyone get the chance to peek at the label inside the suit that Barack Obama wears for large public addresses , do n't be surprised to see it 's proudly made in Colombia .
IF YOU GO :
One of the cheapest ways to get to Colombia is to fly through Houston ( as the hub ) on Continental Airlines .
From Sydney you can fly Sydney to Los Angeles on airlines such as Qantas or Air New Zealand and then fly to Bogota via Atlanta on US domestic airlines including American Airlines and Delta .
Visit : expedia.com.au .
Another way is to fly from Sydney to Santiago , Chile on LAN then Santiago to Lima , Peru and then Lima to Bogota .
For more information on the bullet - proof tailor visit : wordtravels.tv. AAP
A woman who tortured a man by dripping boiling water on his genitals during a robbery was detained indefinitely under the Mental Health Act today .
Police said drug addict Anne Marie Wall " displayed a shocking level of cruelty in systematically torturing a defenceless victim " .
A judge at Leeds Crown Court heard that Wall , 30 , splashed water from a freshly - boiled kettle on to 61 - year - old Trevor Marsden 's testicles and groin during an attack at his home in Leeds in July last year .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Her accomplice , Steven Khan , punched , kicked and stood on Mr Marsden during the attack as they demanded his cash card .
The pair took Mr Marsden 's card from his trousers , despite him repeatedly telling them he only had £ 4 in his bank account , the court heard .
Khan tied Mr Marsden 's hands and legs with a telephone wire and shoved him in a cupboard as they went to the cash machine to try to withdraw money .
When they discovered their victim only had £ 3.54 in his account , they returned to his first - floor flat , apologised , gave him his cash card and danced to music for a short while as he watched .
Leeds Crown Court has heard that Mr Marsden suffered 4 % burns to his scrotum , upper thigh and fingers on both hands and had to be treated at hospital .
Khan , 41 , and Wall , both of no fixed abode , pleaded guilty to one count of robbery last year .
Khan , who was also a drug addict , was jailed for 11 years by a judge in October last year , who said the offence " would send shivers down the spines of people who live by themselves and are older people " .
Today a different judge , Judge John Taylor , made a Hospital Order meaning Wall would be detained indefinitely under the Mental Health Act .
After the hearing , Detective Inspector Neil Beattie said : " Wall displayed a shocking level of cruelty in systematically torturing a defenceless victim with boiling water , leaving him scarred for life .
" Her and Steven Khan 's sole aim was to get money to feed their addictions to Class A drugs and they showed a complete disregard for the pain they inflicted on their victim and the terrifying and prolonged ordeal they put him through . "
State water supply vulnerable to quakes , floods ENVIRONMENT : The Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta
Image 1 of / 3 Caption Close State water supply vulnerable to quakes , floods 1 / 3 Back to Gallery
Earthquakes and severe storms could destroy hundreds of miles of mostly earthen levees in the Sacramento - San Joaquin River Delta in coming decades , according to a state report that provides the most detail yet on the vulnerabilities of the hub of California 's water system .
Among the findings in the 1,000 - page report released Friday by the Department of Water Resources :
There is a 40 percent chance that a major earthquake will flood 27 delta islands between now and 2030 , costing billions in repairs and knocking out the water source for 25 million Californians for more than a year .
" There are some risks ( to the levees ) that can be mitigated pretty well by existing programs , " said Dave Mraz , head of the department 's Delta - Suisun Marsh Office , " But there is one risk that 's very difficult to deal with - seismic . "
The report , the first of a two - part analysis of the risks facing the delta , found that the 1,100 miles of levees that protect 60 or so islands at the confluence of the Sacramento and San Joaquin rivers are growing more susceptible to breaches due to age , storms , rising sea levels and subsidence of some land by 25 feet or more .
Without intervention , researchers predicted , about 140 levees could fail in the next century due to storms or rising seas .
An earthquake of magnitude 6.7 or greater could result in fatalities , flooding of islands and costs of $ 15 billion .
Levees have failed about 160 times in the past 109 years .
The second part of the report , to be released this fall , will focus on ways to head off those worst - case scenarios , including raising the height of levees throughout the estuary or building a so - called peripheral canal that would route water from the Sacramento River to large pumps in the southern delta .
The delta acts as a giant funnel , channeling meltwaters from the Sierra Nevada to long pipelines that deliver water to two - thirds of the state - mostly the Central Valley and Southern California , but some to the Bay Area .
Critics argue the report overstates the dangers posed by earthquakes and might simply bolster the state administration 's push to build a peripheral canal .
A peripheral canal proposal was defeated in 1982 , but the idea has gained new momentum as the delta deteriorates and demands on the water supply grow greater .
Some worry a canal will simply distribute more water to Southern California and push out farmers who have been growing crops in the delta for generations .
" They keep painting a picture that the levees are doomed , the levees are doomed - and that 's a reason to build a peripheral canal , " said Barbara Barrigan - Parrilla , director of Restore the Delta , a group of residents , businesses , farmers that oppose the canal .
" If we know the seismic threat , we should be in there now doing levee fortification . "
State officials say they have increased the amount of money for reinforcing and repairing the levees - some of which date back to the Gold Rush era - from $ 12 million in the 1990s to $ 50 million last year .
Still , that may not be enough to protect key islands from floods .
In addition to supporting thousands of residents , some delta islands have important highways , rail lines , power lines and natural gas facilities that could be wiped out by raging waters .
Levees are also important to water quality .
If multiple islands are submerged , salt water could push farther east , diluting freshwater and increasing costs to purify it .
Because different islands within the delta have different values - economic , residential , environmental - Mraz said his agency is attempting to make sure all of the levees receive a certain amount of funding .
But he did acknowledge that in the face of a catastrophic event , the agency would have to prioritize which islands to save .
Steve Mello , who farms 2,500 acres on Tyler Island , worries that under either situation - floods or a peripheral canal - his family business could collapse .
Tyler Island " is on the bubble in terms of whether it would be reclaimed " in a flood , Mello said .
" What I worry about more , though , is a peripheral canal ... and arguments that say 25 million people in ( Los Angeles ) need this water more than you . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Scientists from Glasgow University claim they have created a device which can detect malaria within minutes .
Doctors have welcomed the development as more travellers go abroad without taking proper precautions against the disease .
The flu - like symptoms can be missed until the patient is critically ill .
Blood samples are placed in the microchip , which is designed to detect the strain of disease .
This means the best drug can be used to treat it .
Last year a study revealed more cases of the most dangerous type of malaria than ever before are being brought back to the UK from trips abroad .
All those millions of parasites would have replicated one more time , making eight times as many
Heather Ferguson
Malaria researcher The Health Protection Agency study identified 6,753 cases of falciparum malaria diagnosed between 2002 and 2006 .
Experts said many of the cases arose from visits to west Africa made by people visiting relatives and friends .
Project leader Dr Lisa Ranford - Cartwright said : " The current way of diagnosing is using a blood smear on a slide and examining it on a microscope .
" That will take a good microscopist a good hour to reach a diagnosis , it 's extremely difficult to make that diagnosis accurately .
" The chip can give us a result in as little as half an hour . "
Dr Heather Ferguson , a malaria researcher , picked up the disease in southern Kenya and it was only spotted by chance when she was giving a blood sample .
She said : " Had I not been diagnosed at that moment and caught it within the next 24 hours all those millions of parasites would have replicated one more time , making eight times as many as there had been before , which could very easily have been lethal . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
By Steven Duke
Editor , One Planet , BBC World Service
LIVING ON A CROWDED EARTH Current world population - 6.8bn
Net growth per day - 218,030 Forecast made for 2040 - 9bn Source : US Census Bureau
There are already too many people living on Planet Earth , according to one of most influential science advisors in the US government .
Nina Fedoroff told the BBC One Planet programme that humans had exceeded the Earth 's " limits of sustainability " .
Dr Fedoroff has been the science and technology advisor to the US secretary of state since 2007 , initially working with Condoleezza Rice .
Under the new Obama administration , she now advises Hillary Clinton .
" We need to continue to decrease the growth rate of the global population ; the planet can't support many more people , " Dr Fedoroff said , stressing the need for humans to become much better at managing " wild lands " , and in particular water supplies .
Pressed on whether she thought the world population was simply too high , Dr Fedoroff replied : " There are probably already too many people on the planet . "
GM Foods ' needed '
A National Medal of Science laureate ( America 's highest science award ) , the professor of molecular biology believes part of that better land management must include the use of genetically modified foods .
" We have six - and - a - half - billion people on the planet , going rapidly towards seven .
" We 're going to need a lot of inventiveness about how we use water and grow crops , " she told the BBC .
THE MOST POPULOUS NATIONS China - 1.33 bn India - 1.16bn USA - 306 m Indonesia - 230 m Brazil - 191 m
" We accept exactly the same technology ( as GM food ) in medicine , and yet in producing food we want to go back to the 19th Century . "
Dr Fedoroff , who wrote a book about GM Foods in 2004 , believes critics of genetically modified maize ( corn ) and rice are living in bygone times .
" We would n't think of going to our doctor and saying ' Treat me the way doctors treated people in the 19th Century ' , and yet that 's what we 're demanding in food production . "
In a wide ranging interview , Dr Fedoroff was asked if the US accepted its responsibility to reduce emissions of carbon dioxide , the gas thought to be driving human - induced climate change .
" Yes , and going forward , we just have to be more realistic about our contribution and decrease it - and I think you 'll see that happening . "
And asked if America would sign up to legally binding targets on carbon emissions - something the world 's biggest economy has been reluctant to do in the past - the professor was equally clear .
" I think we 'll have to do that eventually - and the sooner the better . "
The full interview with Dr Nina Federoff can be heard on this week 's edition of the new One Planet programme on the BBC World Service
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Wired 's Kevin Poulsen has pried loose details about the FBI 's homebrew spyware , used in criminal investigations .
The document is redacted almost to the point of uselessness , but there are some interesting nuggets .
Paul Ohm , who used to work in the FBI department responsible for the spyware , notes ,
Page one may be the most interesting page .
Someone at CCIPS , my old unit , cautions that " While the technique is of indisputable value in certain kinds of cases , we are seeing indications that it is being used needlessly by some agencies , unnecessarily raising difficult legal questions ( and a risk of suppression ) without any countervailing benefit , "
…
On page 152 , the FBI 's Cryptographic and Electronic Analysis Unit ( CEAU ) " advised Pittsburgh that they could assist with a wireless hack to obtain a file tree , but not the hard drive content . "
This is fascinating on several levels .
First , what wireless hack ?
The spyware techniques described in Poulsen 's reporting are deployed when a target is unlocatable , and the FBI tricks him or her into clicking a link .
How does wireless enter the picture ?
Do n't you need to be physically proximate to your target to hack them wirelessly ?
Second , why could CEAU " assist . . . to obtain a file tree , but not the hard drive content . "
That smells like a legal constraint , not a technical one .
Maybe some lawyer was making distinctions based on probable cause ?
This is the Captain speaking .
There is NOT , I repeat , NOT a giraffe on the right wing of the plane .
Thank you .
Rated : 10.00/10 | | Votes : 1 | | Views : 1,151 | | Submitted : 03/12/2009 | Add Media to Myspace , Hi5 , Friendster , Blogspot , Facebook .
Link To :
A site in Sweden is showing off LG ’s flagship product the new Arena KM900 phone along with a first peep at its dynamic 3D S - Class UI .
While we ca n’t see any of that promised multi- touch feature here , the cubic interface is interesting and feels good use the KM900 ’s 3 - inch , 800 x 480 pixel WVGA display and dedicated media chip .
It ’s also expected to hit in April for 4,500 Swedish Krona or $ 535 US .
British local councils have a new weapon in their arsenal of devices that collectively and indiscriminately punish teenagers simply for being young .
The new tool is a pink overhead light designed to exaggerate acne , with the intention of making children so unhappy and insecure about their appearances that they go somewhere else ( mind you , these councils are almost certainly also allocating funds to helping teenagers cope with low self - esteem and avoid the problems associated with it , such as depression and vulnerability of recruitment into violent activity ) .
Other weapons in the arsenal against youth include the " Mosquito " — an annoying high - pitched tone that adults can't hear , that shopkeepers and councils have deployed against teens and kids ( and , of course , any babies that happen to be in the area ) , and " anti- kid steps " that are supposed to prevent the menace of kids staying in one place , talking to one another .
Anti-teenager " pink lights to show up acne "
( Thanks , Dan ! )
( Image : BBC )
Slideshow ( 3 images )
CAIRO ( Reuters ) - A team of Egyptian and European archaeologists have discovered two statues of King Amenhotep III , who ruled Egypt roughly 3,400 years ago , the Supreme Council for Antiquities said Thursday .
Chief Egyptian archaeologist Zahi Hawaas said in a statement the first statute was made of black granite , while the second depicts the king in the shape of a Sphinx , a figure with the head of a man and the body of a lion .
Amenhotep III presided over an era which saw a renaissance in Egyptian art .
He was succeeded by his son Akhenaten , the sun-worshipping pharaoh credited by some for starting the world ’s first known monotheistic religion .
X25-M、SSDで検索してくる方が非常に多いので、本ブログ内のSSD関連記事をリストしておきます。
先週末 Intel X25 - M が突然 7,000 円 ほど値下がりした ので、ついに我慢できず手を出してしまいました。初めての
SSD 導入です。 ベンチマーク 記事は国内・海外問わずたくさんありますが、実際にデータベースを乗せて計測した記事はそれほど多くありません。そこで、 先日ご紹介したtpcc - mysql を用いて ベンチマーク テストを行ってみました。データベースサー バ
負荷クライアン ト
データベース構 成
スキーマ構成 ： TPC-C準拠
データベースサイズ ： 3.6GB ( 40 Warehouses )
ストレージエンジン ： InnoDB
同時接続数 ： 1 , 2 , 4 , 8 , 16 , 24 , 32 , 48 , 64
MySQLのパラメータは本エントリの末尾をご参照ください。
X25-Mですが、MySQL Performance Blogと 漢( オトコ ) のコンピュータ道で解説されているように、内部のライトキャッシュがバッテリなどで保護されていません。そのためデータベースとしてCOMMITされたデータを保証するためには、ライトキャッシュをOFFにする必要があります。
今回は業務用途を想定してinnodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit = 1、sync_binlog = 1とデータの保護を優先した設定にしています。しかし、X25-MのライトキャッシュをONにしたままではこれらを設定しても意味がありませんので注意してください。ただし、ベンチマークとしては純粋に面白そうなので、ライトキャッシュONにおける測定も行っています。
さっそく測定結果を見てみましょう。
横軸はデータベースに対する同時接続数、縦軸は1分間あたりに処理したnew-orderトランザクションの数です。new-orderトランザクションが全てのトランザクションに対して占める割合はおよそ43%ですので、実際にはこの2倍強のトランザクションがデータベースに対して発行されていることになります。
それぞれの構成でピーク値を見ると、HDDが同時接続数4のときで396 tx/m、ライトキャッシュOFFのX25-Mが同時接続数16のときで1,778 tx/m、ライトキャッシュONのX25-Mが同時接続数32のときで4,362 tx/mとなっています。つまりX25-Mを利用するとHDDに対してライトキャッシュOFFでも4.5倍、ライトキャッシュONの場合は(本来は反則ですが)11.0倍の性能を得られるという結果になっています。カタログスペックからは確かに予想できた数値なのですが、実際に目の前で動いているのを見ると圧巻です。しかもこれを無音でやってのけるのですから気持ち悪いくらいです。
CPU使用率は以下のようになっています。ここから先のグラフはそれぞれの構成でピーク値のデータをピックアップしたものになっています。
今回はinnodb_buffer_pool_sizeを1GBに設定した上でテストデータを3.6GB用意しています。TPC-Cはテストデータにまんべんなくアクセスするので、これぐらいのバランスだと基本的にI/Oバウンドの負荷になります。HDDとライトキャッシュOFFのX25-MではCPUを使い切っておらず、確かにI/Oバウンドになっていることが分かります。I/Oバウンドになった場合はそれ以上同時接続数を増やしてもほとんどスループットが上下しないところも特徴の一つです。
一方ライトキャッシ ュONのX25 - MではCPU使用率が80%を超えており、明らかなCPUバウンドです。X25-Mが速すぎるためCore2
Duo 2.0GHzとMySQL
5.1.32ではその性能を引き出しきれていません。ライトキャッシュONの構成ではCPUをもっと速いものに取り替えればさらにスループットが上がると考えられます。Core i7が欲しくなりますね。
次に、ディスクI/Oの様子を見てみましょう。まずは読み込みです。
指標値として1秒間あたりの読み込み量( MB/sec)
とI/O回数( IOPS ) を挙げています。結果的にグラフの形は同じですが、通常データベースのオンライントランザクション性能を分析するときはIOPSの方を見ます。今回はWindowsなのでパフォーマンスモニタからデータを引っ張ってきています。Linuxであればiostat - xコマンドでr/sの列をチェックします。
HDD の場合は回転待ち時間とシークタイムという機械的な制約があるため、IOPSはどうしても伸びません。単純化して回転待ち時間だけを考えると、7,200rpmのHDDは1秒間に120回転となり、目的のデータがくるまで平均半回転するとみなすと1秒間あたりのI/O回数は240回が限界ということになります。HDDのRead IOPSにこの後出てく るWrite IOPS を足すとほぼぴったり合います。
また読み込み量をI/O回数で割ると、12.5 × 1,024 ÷ 798 ＝ 16.0となるので、1回のI/Oあたり平均16KB読み込んでいることが分かります。これはInnoDBのページサイズ16KBと一致しています。このことからも、MySQLサーバはInnoDBのデータファイルに対して(シーケンシャルではなく)ランダムアクセスをしているということが分かります。
TPC-Cのワークロードでは在庫テーブルの更新処理がI/Oの大半を占めます。注文処理に応じて在庫数の更新を行うUPDATE文があるのですが、在庫テーブルはTPC-Cの中でもっとも大きいテーブルであるため基本的にはメモリに収まりません。インデックス・ツリーの大半はメモリに載るとしても、ツリーの末端にある実際のレコードのデータを読み込むために、多くの場合ディスクI/Oを1回行うことになります。
このようにメモリに収まらない大きなテーブルがあると、インデックスを張っていてもどうしてもSQLあたり1回のI/Oが発生してしまいます。そして、HDDのIOPSによって1秒間あたりに処理できるSQL数の上限が決まってしまう、というのがI/Oボトルネックの典型的なパターンの一つになっています。これを解決するには、テーブルサイズを超えるメモリを搭載するか、テーブルを縦に分割してサイズを小さくするか、RAIDを組んでIOPSを上げるか、あるいはテーブルを横に分割してサーバ分散するか、といった対策を打つことになります。
ひるがえってX25-Mを見てみると、言うまでもありませんが機械的な駆動部分がありませんのではるかに高いIOPSが出ます。今回の測定結果ではライトキャッシュOFFで323、ライトキャッシュONで798です。4桁のIOPSが出てもよいと思ったのですが、どうもライトキャッシュOFFは書き込み、ライトキャッシュONはCPUが足を引っ張っているようです。
続いて書き込みのI/Oを見てみましょう。
これも2つのグラフで形は変わりません。Write IOPSはHDDで145、ライトキャッシュOFFのX25-Mで729、ライトキャッシュONのX25-Mで1,801となっています。読み込みよりもIOPSが高くなっていますが、これはTPC-Cのトランザクションにはただ読むだけという処理が全体の9%しかなく、残りの91%が何らかの更新を行うこと、更新の際には更新データそのもの以外にもバイナリログとInnoDBのトランザクションログを書き込む必要があることが原因となっています。TPC-Cのワークロードは非常に更新が多く、一般的なウェブアプリケーションとはかなり特性が異なります。
ライトキャッシュOFFのX25-Mにおける性能ボトルネックは、このWrite IOPSが729というところだと考えられます。これでももちろん単体のHDDよりははるかに速いのですが、15,000rpmのSAS
HDDを4本程度使ってRAID
1+0を組めば追いつく数値です。一方ライトキャッシュONでの性能はまだ限界に達しておらず、底が見えません。このレベルの性能をHDDで出そうとすると、だいたいhp
MSA2012saクラスのストレージ製品が必要になります。家は建ちませんが車が買えます。この抜群の性能を見てしまうと、できればライトキャッシュはONにしつつ何らかの機構でデータを保護できないものかと思います。
このように、これまで数百万円クラスのストレージ製品が必要とされていた性能を3万円のSSDが達成してしまうのですから、Intel SSDおそるべしです。ライトキャッシュの保護や信頼性・運用性の条件をクリアして、競争力のある価格でALL SSDの業務用ストレージ製品を出すベンダが現れれば、一気にデータベースはSSDを使うのが当たり前という時代に変わると思います。何もしないストレージベンダはいくつか潰れるかもしれませんね。
最後に、測定で使用したmy.cnfを載せておきます。
[ mysqld ] datadir = C:\mysql-5.1.32-win32\data # SSD # datadir = D:\mysql\data # HDD # character set ################################## character_set_server = utf8 collation_server = utf8_bin # 大文字と小文字を区別する # InnoDB ######################################### default_storage_engine = InnoDB innodb_file_per_table = 1 innodb_flush_log_at_trx_commit = 1 # 信頼性を優先 innodb_thread_concurrency = 0 innodb_buffer_pool_size = 1G # 32bitのため少なめ innodb_log_buffer_size = 8 M innodb_log_file_size = 256MB # binary log ##################################### log_bin = vostro - bin # バイナリログ有効 binlog_format = MIXED # READ COMMITTEDのためROW で動作する binlog_cache_size = 1 M sync_binlog = 1 # 信頼性を優先 # slow query log ################################# slow_query_log = 1 long_query_time = 0.5 # connections #################################### max_connections = 256 thread_cache_size = 8 # other performance related parameters ########### table_open_cache = 768 # 9テーブル×64接続を確保 sort_buffer_size = 8 M max_allowed_packet = 16M # etc ############################################ transaction_isolation = READ-COMMITTED console = 1
このエントリ はWBC決勝の再放送を見ながら書きました。やはりイチローは格が違った。それでは。
The government 's national cybersecurity efforts would be in " grave peril " if they were dominated by the intelligence community , said Amit Yoran , former head of the Department of Homeland Security 's National Cyber Security Division .
Yoran told a House subcommittee on Tuesday that although the Department of Homeland Security , which currently oversees the government 's cybersecurity efforts , has demonstrated " inefficiency and leadership failure " in those efforts , moving the cyber mission to the National Security Agency " would be ill - advised " due to the agency 's lack of transparency .
Two weeks ago , Director of National Intelligence Admiral Dennis Blair told the House intelligence committee that the NSA should take over government cybersecurity duties , because the agency has the smarts and the skills for the job .
But Yoran , who served at one time as CEO of In - Q - Tel , the venture capital arm of the Central Intelligence Agency , said a cyber program overseen by the NSA would be over - classified and lack adequate oversight and review , which is needed to gain the trust of the public and private - sector partners who will be needed to secure the nation 's infrastructure .
" One of the hard lessons learned from the Terrorist Surveillance Program is that such a limited review can lead to ineffective legal vetting of a program , " Yoran said .
" The cyber mission can not be plagued by the same flaws as the TSP . "
Yoran 's comments echoed those made by Rod Beckstrom , the DHS ' current cyber chief who tendered his resignation last week in part over concerns about the NSA assuming a leading role in the government 's cybersecurity plan .
Yoran said the intelligence community 's mission – to collect information on adversaries – is at odds with the mission to secure networks .
Faced with a network compromise , the intelligence community 's focus would be on counterintelligence activities targeted at the offender rather than working with the public and private sector to secure the network .
" Simply put , the intelligence community has always and will always prioritize its own collection efforts over the defensive and protection mission of our government 's and nation 's digital systems , " he said .
Yoran also said that the intelligence community 's tendency to over - classify information is anathema to the cybersecurity mission and would likely have " catastrophic consequences . "
" High levels of classification prevent the sharing of information necessary to adequately defend our systems , " he said .
" It also creates insurmountable hurdles when working with a broad range of government IT staffs that do not have appropriate clearances , let alone when trying to work with , communicate and partner with the private sector .
Classification cannot be used effectively as a cyber - defensive technique , only one for avoiding responsibility and accountability . "
Scott Charney , vice president of the Trustworthy Computing division of Microsoft , agreed with Yoran 's assessment of the NSA during his testimony to the committee .
Charney said that there was no question that the NSA was the government 's center of technical expertise , but that to get the public " to trust that the networks are being secured well in a transparent fashion , the mission cannot reside in NSA . "
Instead , he recommended that the DHS retain its lead operational role over cybersecurity but work with the NSA in a way that utilizes the agency 's technical expertise .
Yoran , who currently is CEO of cybersecurity firm NetWitness , resigned from his DHS job after just a year in the position amid speculation that the DHS was not making cybersecurity a priority .
Beckstrom expressed similar frustrations in a recent interview about the DHS 's commitment to its cyber mission , following his resignation .
Yoran said DHS had demonstrated " inefficiency and leadership failure " in its cyber efforts and that " administrative incompetence and political infighting " had squandered its efforts to secure the nation 's infrastructure for years .
The hearing was the first of three the subcommittee has scheduled to address the nation 's cybersecurity issues and plans .
See also :
Determinism and Will in Bioshock
1. “ Kill . ”
You are playing a videogame .
A man rendered in high - resolution splendour on your television or computer screen hands your videogame avatar a golf club , and you watch from behind your character ’s eyes as you beat him to death with it at his request , until his face is a misshapen pulp of blood and bone , until the head of the club is wedged in his skull .
Developed by 2 K Boston ( formerly known as Irrational Games ) and led in its design by company co-founder Ken Levine , Bioshock is a narrative - driven first person shooter set in a 1950s underwater dystopia called Rapture .
That is to say , it is a videogame where your player ’s character descends into a decadent city at the bottom of the Atlantic Ocean to participate in the final throes of a civil war .
The game requires you to kill adversaries in increasingly inventive ways to progress , although for the greater part this killing is necessary self - defence : your enemies are subhuman mutant ‘ splicers ’ , desperately seeking their next fix of ‘ Adam ’ , the resource that fuels their addiction for genetic self - modification , and Rapture ’s second currency behind the almighty dollar .
These are typical videogame conceits , the kind that have relegated the medium to an escapist , fizzling , idle pursuit supposedly not worthy of the critical attention we devote to our books , our movies , our art .
The man you have just brutally – if virtually – murdered is Rapture ’s kindly founding father , Andrew Ryan , an ex-Soviet disillusioned as much with Roosevelt ’s New Deal during the American Depression as with the Communist revolution that ruined his family .
Levine explains in a podcast on the official Bioshock fan site that Ryan is “ an idealist ... [ who believes ] that man unfettered by government , unfettered by God , religion , unfettered by false altruism , can do incredible things ” .
Ryan ’s name obviously echoes ‘ Ayn Rand ’ , and his pseudo - Objectivism is reflected in every aspect of Rapture ’s extravagant art deco style , in its citizenry ’s fervent belief in great men advancing in every field , “ unconstrained by the small ” .
Rapture is a truly ‘ evolved ’ society , isolated and independent , frozen in the lights and debauched self - celebration of New Year ’s Eve , 1959 .
When the player ’s character finally meets Ryan , the latter is cheerfully practicing his putting in the security of his high - ceilinged office , far removed from the madness that has ravaged his city .
We are reminded of Nero fiddling as Rome burns .
Earlier , Ryan scornfully compares the presence of the player ’s character in Rapture to that of “ a termite at Versailles ” .
The references are surely deliberate : Bioshock is a game obsessed with the bloody end of its own once - great society , with the heights ( and the depths ) that a man can attain before his humanity fails him .
It is a game that argues – sometimes clumsily – for tolerance and sympathy , for acts of kindly selflessness , and above all against the ideological absolutes and self - indulgence ( in the strongest sense of the phrase ) that have led to the fall of Rapture .
The market for such videogames should be relatively niche , and the runaway success of Bioshock is refreshing but also understandable , because at its core it is simply a very fun game , albeit one that better rewards careful play .
It is also a game whose higher concepts justify its superficially silly conceits , and the fun it finds in gruesome acts of violence .
More than that , it is among the very rarest of videogames : one that manages , on its own terms , to tiptoe into the realm of art .
It also fails to linger there .
This article hopes to explain how , and why .
2 . “ Games are strangely about fate . ”
The remark is Ken Levine ’s , in an interview with ShackNews in August of 2007 .
The Internet communities that support the development of games like Bioshock are made frantic by notions of choice and ‘ non-linearity ’ .
They want their games to be increasingly complex and open - ended , the paths through them as freely chosen as possible .
Levine seizes on the idea in another early podcast :
“ I think it ’s clear where gamers want to go ... they do n’t want to play the designer ’s game ” .
Despite his background in the more authorial world of writing for stage or screen , he seems pleased with this direction , and is a regular champion of player choice .
It would seem that for Levine , and for many gamers , non-linear games are inherently superior : our very human predilections for freedom of will endure even in virtual worlds .
In spite of all this , Bioshock itself is a rigidly linear experience ( indeed , the more tradition - minded community sites like Through the Looking Glass or RPGCodex have already lamented this fact ) .
It is a game – for all Levine ’s talk of the importance of choice – strangely about fate .
In this , and in a host of other ways , Bioshock is dramatically Greek ( let us not forget that Levine ’s background is in theatre ) .
The word ‘ Rapture ’ can be traced back first to the Latin raptura , meaning ‘ abduction ’ or ‘ a carrying off ’ , and further to the Koine Greek word harpazo , which we might translate as ‘ to claim for one ’s self ’ , a turn of phrase easily bent to the Objectivist cause .
The locations visited over the course of the game are named predominantly from Hellenist culture or myth : Arcadia , Olympus Heights , Apollo Square , Point Prometheus , Artemis Suites , Hestia Chambers , Hephaestus .
The last , home to Ryan ’s office and the scene of his inevitable murder , is the city ’s main industrial centre , built on the slopes of a seething underwater volcano ( it would appear Levine likes to laugh ) .
Additionally , much of Rapture ’s recent history is revealed to us through found audio diaries , in which a supporting cast of peripheral figures take on the role of the Chorus in a Greek play .
They describe past events to us , make explicit present scenes , and even provide censure and conscience for the world ’s living protagonists , who communicate more directly via short - wave radio .
The majority of these radio transmissions are from a mysterious Irishman called ‘ Atlas ’ , later revealed to be the much less Olympian thug and conman Frank Fontaine , who obviously shares with Rand an appreciation for the powerful symbolism in the superman propping up the world ( it is likely he appropriated the icon from murals in Rapture depicting exactly that – there ’s one in Ryan ’s office ) .
The key revelation in Bioshock is that Fontaine has implanted false memories in the player ’s character , ‘ Jack ’ , and genetically and socially programmed him from birth to unwittingly and unquestioningly obey directives associated with the simple phrase ‘ Would you kindly ...’.
For the first two - thirds of the game the player obeys those same directives , never suspecting the repetition in Atlas ’s words , never noticing the strings tied to every order .
Bioshock encourages repeat play in spite of its linearity , and on our return to Rapture the plot twist ahead seems so clearly signposted by diary clues and the startlingly frequent intrusion of the activation phrase ‘ Would you kindly ...’ that it is a wonder how we never noticed the threads of fate during our first play .
That is to say , repeat performances of Bioshock are laden with dramatic irony , and we as player - audience are as aware of our character ’s dogged steps toward the moment of his peripateia and humiliation as we are of those Oedipus takes toward the terrible revelation of his patricide and incest .
This plot device , as many have noted , has a sharper point to it .
The player ’s actions are no more freely chosen than Jack ’s – guided , goaded , and exploited as they are by hard - coded ( genetic ) programming and skilled manipulation .
Videogames are defined by their rules and limitations , the majority of which are made explicit in accompanying manuals and tutorials , some of which are discovered through play , and others inherently understood by anyone possessing even passing acquaintance with the medium .
Bioshock begins in a decidedly linear fashion : we surface after the implied plane crash and accept the situation presented to us ; we swim to the nearby lighthouse because all other routes are bounded by fire or water ; we enter Rapture via bathysphere because there is no alternative .
Furthermore , we do these things because they are expected of us , because performing this set of tasks is tacitly understood to be progress .
Minutes after his arrival in a foreign , hostile environment we find our avatar shooting up with an alien hypodermic syringe that ‘ rewrites ’ his genetic structure .
The more cynical among us may briefly question Jack ’s willingness to go along with the radioed directives of ‘ Atlas ’ , his unseen saviour and guide , but we shrug such concerns aside .
After all , we are just as willing to suspend our disbelief
The concerns we assume in the game world for the greater part obviously align with the orders we are given : we too want to see the surface again ; we too want to put a stop to Ryan , who is harrying us with security bots and screeching splicers .
When Atlas explains to us that we will need to commit murder to unlock passage to the nearby port area ( which houses a submarine in which we can escape ) , we can see the logic in it .
When a smuggler named Peachy Wilkins sends us on the first of the game ’s numerous ‘ fetch quests ’ in exchange for passage to said submarine , we respond dutifully .
We do what we are told because that is broadly how games work , even when stripped of the complex narrative sensibility that Bioshock gifts us .
We accept that the red key card always unlocks the red door , and that the princess will not be in this first castle .
We admire Bioshock in part because it makes a more concerted and considered effort to mask its linear structure ( and in any case , the hoops are fun to jump through ) .
Following instructions is as integral to playing games with narrative as turning pages is to reading a novel , but this game goes out of its way to give us at least part - ownership of our avatar ’s intentions and actions .
It does this so it can kindly bludgeon us with them later .
3. “ [ Videogames ] by their nature require player choices , which is the opposite of the strategy of serious film and literature , which requires authorial control . ”
The contention above is Roger Ebert ’s , from a Q&A session on his website .
It is the thought that games are not art because interactivity and choice countermand artistic authorship , and that this is an a priori truth .
It is not my intention to contest this thesis here , although I believe it to be contestable , but I do hold that videogames to date have rarely approached the realm of art , and have at best perhaps peeked through the gates .
What I share with Ebert is a rather narrow ‘ definition ’ of what it would mean for a videogame to be art above and beyond a measly amalgam of more traditional art forms ( i.e. in its visual and audio elements , its animation , its writing , etc. ) .
Where we differ is in our diagnoses of the failure of games to meet that definition .
I affirm , against Ebert , that games are not art only a posteriori , and only because they do not aspire to it on their own terms , instead falling back into the familiar and recycled approaches and patterns of other media , most notably film , but in some cases even literary fiction ( cf. Planescape : Torment ) .
I also want to argue that Bioshock is briefly art , or at least that one thing it expresses is provocative and valuable , and yet utterly inexpressible in other more established art forms .
Where I feel Bioshock succeeds as art is not in championing the ‘ player choices ’ , interactivity , or emergence of videogames ( whatever Levine ’s comments on the subject , beginning in a 2004 Gamespot preview ) , but in savaging them .
It shows us that we have been systematically programmed as surely as our in - game avatar has by ridiculing our rote acceptance of each successive task .
Atlas ’s polite phrase ‘ Would you kindly ...’ exposes in a moment not only our unquestioning attitudes toward the games we play , and how we play them , but also the underlying conventions and linearity that lock us into the gaming ‘ theme park ride ’ that Levine regularly confesses he is wary of ( listen , for example , to that early fan site podcast mentioned above regarding “ the importance of player choice ” ) .
For a few minutes a videogame knowingly dangles its determinism in our face , expresses something significant and intelligent about its very nature , on its own terms , and we hold our breath .
Control is wrested from the player , and we watch , stunned , as Andrew Ryan asserts his freedom , instructing us to kill .
A mere videogame character chooses his end before our eyes , daring us to do anything but club him brutally to death , and we cannot even bring ourselves to look away .
If Roger Ebert were to read this he would probably believe there is reason to be jubilant : I seem to be arguing that a videogame becomes art – and not merely artful – precisely when it renounces its interactivity and forces the player to accept the developer ’s ‘ authorial control ’ , as well as the limitations of the medium .
The argument is not that blunt however : it is the renunciation itself that is important .
We have every reason to want to kill Andrew Ryan , until it is revealed exactly how that same want has been instilled and stirred by Frank Fontaine ’s machinations – and then we want to spare him , just to prove to ourselves that we can .
Irrational show us that we can’t , of course , but it is the sudden , stark contrast with the rest of the game ’s illusory promise of freedom and ‘ expressivity ’ ( Levine ’s word , not mine ) that gives the moment its force .
The house sets the rules , changes them at a whim ; the house always wins .
The same twist transferred to film would be surprising , even revelatory , but it would not be art .
Compare with that most famous of videogame identity twists in Bioware ’s Star Wars : Knights of the Old Republic , which would be well - suited to silver screen adaptation specifically because it apes filmic storytelling , because there is an absence of any link between the revelation that occurs and the player ’s prior intentions and actions , and because there exists a farther gulf between the player ’s world and that of their on - screen avatar ( indeed , the developers at Bioware often refer to their games ’ ‘ digital actors ’ ) .
By contrast , ‘ Would you kindly ...’ works just because it is as much directed at you the player as it is at Jack the character , because it is supported by ten or fifteen or more hours of your following a carefully - laid breadcrumb trail of audio diaries , radio instructions , and your own innate understanding of how to proceed in a videogame .
The active involvement that gives ‘ Would you kindly ...’ its power , the systematic minimisation of distance between the real player and the artificial world through the use of a first person view , the investment of the player ’s time and effort , and above all the very real rage we feel because we did all the things that led to this point , are impossible in any other art form .
‘ Would you kindly ...’ is every player ’s betrayal .
And it requires our participation .
4 . “ I think that it was really the ultimate insult to the player , that [ Ryan ] chooses to die but you ca n’t do anything .
You have no will at all .
The rest of the game after that is to establish your will in the world .
Will is a very important thing in videogames .
What will do you have ? ”
Levine ’s interview with ShackNews is perhaps the most valuable commentary on Bioshock to date , in part because it is post - release , and thus deals with the intricacies of the plot , but also because of the engaging depth of Chris Remo ’s questions .
Here he has drawn Levine into making a distinction between the earlier , Atlas - guided levels of Bioshock , and the game as it plays post - revelation .
I want to argue that the latter systematically fails the former , and undoes much of the former ’s good work .
I want to say that Levine and Irrational fail not only to have the player establish their “ will in the world ” , or to provide a satisfying , player - driven ending , but even to remain thematically coherent .
The question is not “ What will do you have ? ” but “ What will can you have ? ” , and Irrational ’s answer is half - hearted , retreating into the creaking mechanics of older , less ambitious games .
Faced with following the determinism of videogames to a consistent logical conclusion , or providing the player with a genuine moment of choice and self - assertion , Levine and his team do neither , and the game suffers for its lack of art .
Let me explain .
In that podcast concerning ‘ player choice ’ Bioshock community manager Elizabeth Tobey asks Levine to explain notions such as ‘ expressivity ’ , and the latter responds with a laundry list of the game ’s features , highlighting the diversity of the actions available to the player , at least relative to other titles in the genre .
This is true : when placed beside more conventional first person shooters like the popular Half - Life or Halo series , Bioshock grants us a greater degree of choice over how we will confront and kill our foes .
In addition to the impressive range of weaponry available , we can also wield fantastical ‘ plasmids ’ , turn our enemies against one another , plan ambushes , hack into security systems , customise our character with ‘ gene tonics ’ , and so forth .
At one point Levine uses the word ‘ playground ’ ; elsewhere he has described the game as a ‘ sandbox ’ .
If it is these things , it is sharply delineated on all sides : as mentioned , Rapture is necessarily little more than a series of corridors , a constrained environment littered with fetch quests and unavoidable combat , the conditions of which the player must fulfil to progress .
Yes , there is considerable freedom in how the player can approach the game ’s evident design , and in some cases the order in which tasks are undertaken is player - defined , but that is almost the utmost extent of the ‘ will ’ Bioshock affords us .
‘ Almost ’ , because there is also a reportedly ‘ moral ’ choice that appears and reappears over the course of the game , which is whether to harvest or rescue the ‘ Little Sisters ’ who possess the genetic resource Adam that the game ’s fiction maintains is key to your self - preservation .
The Little Sisters are young girls who play host to a parasitic sea slug that secretes and stores Adam .
Obtaining that Adam means removing the parasite , and killing the host in the process .
Bioshock wants to put you in a position where you will consider committing an appalling act of violence against an innocent , ostensibly to further your chances of survival .
Furthermore , the Little Sisters are protected by ordinarily docile ‘ Big Daddies ’ , hulking mutants in diving suits who oddly rank among the game ’s most endearing characters , despite also being the greatest threat to the player ’s chances when roused .
The Big Daddy must be disposed of before the player can harvest the Little Sister and then redeem the Adam gleaned for genetic upgrades and general improvements to game performance .
Alternatively , you can choose to save the little girl by killing the parasite , at the cost of a decreased Adam haul .
Levine succinctly outlined the choice in an interview with the Bioshock arm of Through the Looking Glass in July of 2006 :
“ ... we put you in a terrible world that has exploited the weakest members of that world in horrible ways .
Then we put you in a situation in which , in order to survive , it ’s pretty damn tempting to exploit the weak yourself .
And there ’s no moral authority telling you what to do , what ’s right and wrong . ”
There are two things about this statement that do not ring true .
Firstly , there is a moral authority : a reformed Rapture scientist named Tenenbaum makes it clear , in no uncertain terms , that rescuing the Little Sisters is the ‘ good ’ thing to do , that it will “ free them from their torment ” , that it is “ the path of the righteous ” [ emphasis added ] .
Even as the voice of Atlas whines that the girls are no longer human , a device that will restore their humanity is literally thrown in the player ’s face .
Moreover , the actual choice as presented to the player is bluntly binary : the words ‘ Harvest ’ and ‘ Rescue ’ appear superimposed over the girl on screen , with function buttons attached to them .
‘ Rescue ’ is a word as far from morally neutral as is conceivable to a generation raised on rescuing Princesses Peach and Zelda , and the canned animation that results from jabbing that option is accompanied by a tender swell of strings .
Tenenbaum even advises us that the decreased Adam haul from the rescue process will be offset in the future by some sort of reward scheme , and then makes good on her promise within the next hour or two of play .
Secondly , the Adam yielded from harvesting the Little Sisters is not required in order to survive : the ‘ rescue ’ option provides quite enough to get by .
Additionally , Tenenbaum ’s reward scheme for rescuing the Little Sisters actually includes regular hefty doses of Adam , enough to make the difference between harvesting every girl and saving every girl fairly marginal , especially considering almost all of the upgrades purchasable with Adam in the game are eventually available with the latter approach .
Some of the rewards granted are also unavailable through any other means , while in the Xbox 360 version of the game there is even a 100 - point Achievement awarded to the player who rescues every Little Sister over the course of play .
Levine tells us in an aforementioned interview that need is the “ key component of what compels people to do nasty things ” .
An astute videogames player conditioned by the standards of the medium will rightly suspect that there is no need to harvest , and then come to recognise that good game theory dictates that rescuing the Little Sisters is the more prudent course in any case .
In a Bioshock preview dated May of 2006 , one Gamespot writer suggested that we would be faced with “ difficult and ambiguous choices minute to minute ” .
But there is only one choice , repeated ad nauseum , and it is simple , and unambiguous .
Levine has called the path to the ‘ good ’ ending a “ leap of faith ” , but it ’s as easy as hopscotch .
Morality in Bioshock is thus initially introduced and thereafter presented as a brute dichotomy in which one of the outcomes is obviously ‘ bad ’ , not just in terms of the tangible results it will yield for the game ’s player , but in terms of how it will develop the game ’s story .
This same brute dichotomy of choice is reflected in the game ’s ending cinematics : there is quite simply a ‘ good ’ ending , and a ‘ bad ’ ending , and you will see them referred to on message boards as such .
Even without having viewed both , it will be clear to the first - time player which they have received , because the good ending plays out like the cheery conclusion of a long - running soap opera , while the bad ending is a comically overblown meditation on your character ’s ‘ blatant ’ thirst for power .
You are much more likely to witness the latter , however , because the game ’s design enacts a zero tolerance policy on harvesting , and few casual players will fail to be tempted into at least one child - killing , if only to see what happens .
This , as journalist Shawn Elliott observes in an edition of the Games for Windows podcast , leaves the player with no possibility for redemption , even after the crucial mid-game revelation .
It is quite possible that we could have a change of heart upon learning that the advice received from Atlas to date has served only to systematically manipulate and control our actions , to pump us up for an inevitable showdown with Andrew Ryan , but the design of Bioshock does not acknowledge that possibility .
Levine is wrong : the latter part of the game does not allow us to establish our will .
The ‘ moral ’ choice Bioshock offers us , meagre as it is , has long since been made .
It verges on the illusory .
Even more insultingly , the scripted endings as they appear are but drastically polarised caricatures of the player ’s motivations to date ( never mind that Levine has said to ShackNews that cutscenes are “ the coward ’s way out ” ) .
Bioshock dares to tell the player what it was they were thinking while they were playing , and the range of investment we might have had in the world of Rapture is shunted into two unsubtle videos that serve only to rudely divorce us from the first person perspective the rest of the game has strived ably to establish and maintain .
For a game that cautions us against absolutes in ideology , Bioshock sees our one real decision only in white and black .
5 . “ A man chooses , a slave obeys . ”
After as many as fifteen or twenty hours of relentlessly tense confrontations with masked freaks and shrieking mutants , Andrew Ryan ’s appearance in Bioshock is disconcerting .
He stands before us as nothing more than an ordinary if well - to - do man , with a clipped moustache and an imperious frown .
Like most of the city he has built , Ryan bears all the hallmarks of success in a rampant free market , but crucially remains unsullied by the wild splicing and violence that has torn the former apart .
As prim and proper and ramrod straight as the putter in his hands , Ryan stands as the ultimate advertisement for the Objectivist enclave he has built .
He ’s a great man , one who has achieved great things , but at a terrible cost .
His beliefs define him , but he has failed them , and his tragedy is found in the compromises he has made : the introduction of capital punishment to combat smuggling , the regulation of Fontaine Futuristics , the interfering tugs at his ‘ Great Chain ’ .
He ’s a great man , but just a man .
Levine is right to say to ShackNews that Fontaine is “ truer to his philosophy than Ryan is to his ” , but Fontaine ’s philosophy is empty nihilism , an absolute nothing .
In this regard , he is diametrically opposed to Ryan ; the two antagonists are as far apart on the ideological scale as can be .
As Levine admits to Through the Looking Glass , this opposition is a familiar theme in his games :
“ I ’m afraid of ideology , and the dangers of extreme ideology .
In a lot of the games I ’ve worked on , I ’ve tried to put the player in the role of the guy stuck in the middle . ” [ emphasis added ]
Fontaine is in Rapture for the long con , over a decade in the making : he establishes ‘ poorhouses ’ to recruit his own army of splicers , sets up ‘ orphanages ’ to find Little Sisters for Tenenbaum ’s experiments , even buys a fertilised egg from Ryan ’s stripper mistress to raise and reprogram as his very own assassin - puppet .
To the people of Rapture he is a predator and a phantasm , a spook - story , but the few glimpses we catch of him before the game ’s end reveal that he too is just a man , and an ugly , mangy , soulless one concerned only with getting ahead in whichever game currently holds his attention .
Bioshock wants to say that men are only ever just men , and that no ideology pursued absolutely can be preserved in the face of that fact .
In an interview with Kieron Gillen in Rock , Paper , Shotgun , Levine dismisses the characters in Ayn Rand ’s novels as ‘ idealised supermen ’ :
“ They do n’t have doubts , they do n’t have fears ... they do n’t make mistakes .
... I think Rapture is a place where there ’s a very powerful ideology put into play by actual people .
And when people get into the mix , things get complicated . ”
For much of the time we spend playing it , Bioshock successfully argues as much as this , and more , and intelligently .
But everything goes downhill after its climactic revelation , because nothing changes .
I have tried to argue that ‘ Would you kindly ...’ is one of the most powerful plot points in the history of the medium , but it ultimately has no great influence on the game as a whole .
The mechanics remain the same , the level design actually falters , and we are still fed a steady diet of fetch quests and combat , with no meaningful choices in sight .
In these later levels we even continue to blindly follow radioed instructions , this time from Tenenbaum , and Fontaine mocks us for our readiness to exchange one puppet - master for another ( “ You can knock Ryan all you want , but the old man was bingo on one point : you wo n’t even walk till somebody says ‘ go ’ ! ” ) .
Things are briefly excited by the prospect of becoming a Big Daddy , but despite the suggestion from Fontaine that the process is not “ a two - way street ” , the development is handled perfunctorily ( it amounts to little more than a helmeted field of view and a damage modifier ) , and then tossed aside for the final encounter .
The last two levels of the game consist of two tired videogame clichés .
The first is a poorly - implemented escort mission with no consequences for failure ( Hogarth de la Plante , senior artist for Bioshock , has conceded on an episode of Gametrailers ’
Bonus Round that this sequence could have used some more work – ironically it is staged in a museum ) .
The second is the age - old end boss fight , a curiously typical shooter sequence for a game that has staked its name on being atypical , and one that feels jarringly at odds with the rest of the game world .
The player ’s character finally battles Fontaine , who has overdosed on Adam and been reborn as a living Atlas , bearing no small resemblance to the statue in New York ’s Rockefeller Centre .
At its conclusion , Bioshock gives us an idealised superman after all , lapsing into the trappings of less interesting games : lightning , megalomaniac taunting , crucifixion poses .
A game that has told us all along that men are just men , argued that self - betterment without an ethical component is impossible , and confronted us with enemies who are fearsome precisely because they have retained a broken humanity , finishes with our overcoming a mere comic - book monster .
Richard Timney , the husband of home secretary Jacqui Smith , issues an apology for embarrassing his wife .
Photograph : PA / PA
The home secretary , Jacqui Smith , apologised today for an expenses claim which included adult films watched by her husband Richard Timney .
Smith said she mistakenly submitted an expenses claim which included five pay - per - view films , including two adult movies which were viewed at her family home in her Redditch constituency .
The £ 67 Virgin Media bill was submitted last June as part of Smith 's expenses .
It included two 18 - rated features , each costing £ 5 , which were viewed on 1 April and 6 April last year .
The bill also included two viewings of the film Ocean 's 13 ‑ at £ 3.75 each ‑ and an additional £ 3.50 to watch the film Surf 's Up .
Ms Smith said in a statement : " I am sorry that in claiming for my internet connection , I mistakenly claimed for a television package alongside it .
As soon as the matter was brought to my attention , I took immediate steps to contact the relevant parliamentary authorities and rectify the situation .
All money claimed for the television package will be paid back in full . "
Later , speaking outside the couple 's home in Redditch , Worcestershire , Timney told reporters : " I am really sorry for any embarrassment I have caused Jacqui .
I can fully understand why people might be angry and offended by this .
Quite obviously a claim should never have been made for these films , and as you know that money is being paid back . "
Her husband read out a short statement in which he apologised for causing his wife embarrassment over an expenses claim which included adult films he watched .
A friend told the Press Association that Smith knew there was " no excuse " for the error but added : " To say she 's angry with her husband is an understatement .
Jacqui was not there when these films were watched .
She 's furious and mortified . "
News of the claim is a new embarrassment to Smith who last month faced criticism for claiming taxpayer - funded allowances for her family home while living with her sister in London .
Smith said she had " fully abided " by the rules by designating her sister 's house as her " main " residence , allowing her to claim payments on the Redditch constituency home she shares with her husband and children .
The parliamentary commissioner for standards , John Lyon , has called on her to explain the £ 116,000 which she has claimed since becoming an MP .
After today 's disclosure about the expenses claim for the adult pay - per- view films , former shadow home secretary David Davis told Sky News : " It is very hard to believe .
My first response was , under what category would this expense claim be ?
I did n't even know films were that expensive … claiming for films ?
I can't believe it . "
Asked if she should resign Davis said : " I do n't call for people to go unless I think there is absolutely a smoking gun but I just do think on this circumstance the sympathy for her will be even less than it otherwise would have been because she is not that good at her job . "
The foreign secretary , David Miliband , said Smith was an " outstanding " home secretary , but refused to be drawn on the disclosures about her expenses .
Asked on BBC1's The Andrew Marr Show if it was " final straw time " for Smith , Miliband said : " I am never going to get into individual cases .
What I am absolutely confident of is that Jacqui Smith is doing an outstanding job as the home secretary with some of the toughest responsibilities in government . "
Today 's apology from Smith came as Labour leftwinger Harry Cohen , who was said to have claimed more than £ 300,000 in second home allowances on his house in the capital , insisted that he had done nothing wrong as it was " part of my salary " .
Cohen said that MPs had been told " go out boys and spend it " when the present system was introduced under Margaret Thatcher in the 1980s .
The Mail on Sunday reported that the MP listed a single - bedroom schoolhouse in Colchester , Essex , and a caravan on nearby Mersea island as his main home .
The paper said that it meant that over the past five years he was able to claim the maximum allowance of £ 104,701 on his constituency home 70 miles away in Leyton and Wanstead , east London .
It calculated that since 1990 , he had received a total of £ 310,714 in allowances .
Cohen told the Press Association that the arrangement had been cleared with the House of Commons authorities .
He said that the former Conservative minister John Moore had told MPs " go out boys and spend it " when he introduced a big uprating of the allowance in the 1980s to head off a pay revolt by backbench Tories .
Cohen said that he had taken full advantage of the arrangement ever since .
" That is exactly what John Moore said on behalf of Mrs Thatcher to her Tory MPs .
That makes it part of my salary , " he said .
" It really is part of my salary in all but name .
That is what it exists for . "
Cohen said the Colchester property was his " family home " .
He said that there was no reason under the Commons rules why London MPs should not live outside the capital and have a second home in their constituency .
" It is the legitimate costs of having a constituency home to do my job .
We do n't have a system where people are required to live in their constituency , " he said .
" I am doing nothing wrong whatsoever .
I am using it for parliamentary purposes .
It is a legitimate and proper use of it . "
Nevertheless the latest disclosure is likely to fuel demands for a complete overhaul of the system of MPs ' expenses and allowances .
Gordon Brown last week tried to head off the growing public anger by asking the committee on standards in public life to carry out a review of the whole system .
It followed the disclosure that another Greater London MP , immigration minister Tony McNulty , was claiming the allowance on the home where his parents live in his Harrow constituency , even though he lived only a few miles away in Hammersmith .
However , with the committee not planning to report until after the next general election , the latest row may lead to fresh demands for an immediate crackdown .
After government retaliation , over 1 million face starvation in Sudan Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday March 5 , 2009
Print This Email This Even before the International Criminal Court in The Hague issued an arrest warrant for the president of Sudan for alleged atrocities against his own people , the country 's government was issuing caustic warnings to International aid agencies that they would not be " protected " should the court proceed .
On Wednesday , 10 of the leading humanitarian groups in Sudan , including Medecins Sans Frontieres ( MSF ) -- Doctors Without Borders -- announced their departure .
" The move has put the supply of food to 1.1 million people in doubt , as the UNs World Food Programme scrambles to find lorries to deliver sacks of grain , " reported the Times Online .
" It had been using four of the expelled charities to get food to people in need . "
" Charities reported that their bank accounts were being frozen .
Doctors with Médicins sans Frontières were trying to contain two deadly outbreaks of meningitis before being expelled .
Their clinics have closed . "
" [ U ] nfortunately , Medecins Sans Frontieres is just part of a pattern now that 's been established , " reported Phillip Williams , a correspondent for the Australian Broadcasting Company . " ... [ Ten ] organisations have been asked to leave - or ordered to leave , I should say , including Oxfam , which feeds 600,000 people , Mercy Corp. , Save the Children , Norwegian Refugee Council , International Rescue Committee , just some of those .
They 've been given 24 hours to leave the country , and they 've already started leaving the area .
So , the big question mark : who is going to look after all those people now ? "
" With the loss of these NGOs , 1.1 million people will be without food aid , 1.1 million will be without health care , and over 1 million will be without potable water , " Catherine Bragg , the U.N. 's deputy emergency relief coordinator , told the Associated Press .
The massive need will be placed in the lap of 2,600 local Sudanese aid groups , AP reported , which have almost no hope of helping everyone .
Over 2.7 million people have been displaced since 2003 due to fighting in the region .
According to the United Human Rights Council , over 400,000 Sudanese have died .
Lacking an actual International police force , the arrest warrant for President Omar Hassan al - Bashir will not be easily served , reported Reuters .
" The Hague - based ICC depends on governments , mainly those of the suspects it indicts , to enforce its wishes , " the news agency said .
" The ICC arrest warrant further complicates an already difficult situation in the country , " reported AP .
" Analysts say that the fallout from the indictment could also spill over into implementation of the north - south peace agreement , leading to even more difficulties in the beleaguered nation . "
" Should that agreement fall apart , you could have a crisis that will ultimately dwarf what has happened in Darfur , " Jennifer Cooke , head of the Africa program at the Washington - based Center for Strategic and International Studies , told the wire service .
" The United States has already officially labeled the crisis in Darfur , Sudan ' genocide ' and the United Nations has called it ' the worst humanitarian crisis in the world today , ' " said the UHRC .
Activist group Save Darfur said it planned protests in New York City and Washington , D.C. for Wednesday and Thursday .
The group encourages charitable giving and volunteering as a means of aiding the Sudanese people .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
After the Laughter , Grim GOP Numbers
Created : March 27 , 2009 17:43 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
While reporters hooted at the comically simplistic charts and lack of details in the House Republican leadership ’s budget plan , the green eyeshade types at Citizen ’s for Tax Justice crunched the numbers ( PDF ) .
They conclude that a quarter of all households , most of them poor , would pay more taxes under the GOP plan , while the richest one percent would pay $ 100,000 less .
The Sudanese president , Omar al - Bashir , has been charged with war crimes over the conflict in Darfur , becoming the first sitting head of state issued with an arrest warrant by the international criminal court ( ICC ) .
The court , based in The Hague , upheld the request of the chief prosecutor , Luis Moreno - Ocampo , to charge Bashir with war crimes and crimes against humanity .
More than 200,000 people have died since 2003 in the country 's western Darfur region .
Judges dismissed the prosecution 's most contentious charge of genocide .
Prosecutors had alleged Bashir tried to wipe out three non-Arab ethnic groups .
Within minutes of the announcement , hundreds of protesters took to the streets in Khartoum , the Sudanese capital .
Mustafa Osman Ismail , an aide to Bashir , described the decision as " neo-colonialism ...
They do not want Sudan to become stable . "
The ICC spokeswoman , Laurence Blairon , said the indictment , drawn up by three judges , included five counts of crimes against humanity : murder , extermination , forcible transfer , torture and rape .
The two counts of war crimes were for directing attacks on the civilian population and pillaging .
Blairon said Bashir was criminally responsible as the head of state and commander of the Sudanese armed forces for the offences during a five - year counter - insurgency campaign against three armed groups in Darfur .
She said all states would be asked to execute the arrest warrant and if Sudan failed to cooperate the matter would be referred to the UN security council .
Human rights groups hailed the ICC decision to pursue Bashir , who is accused of ordering mass murder , rape and torture in Darfur .
" This sends a strong signal that the international community no longer tolerates impunity for grave violations of human rights committed by people in positions of power , " said Tawanda Hondora , the deputy director of Amnesty International 's Africa programme .
Sudan does not recognise the ICC , and Bashir yesterday said the court could " eat " the arrest warrant , which he described as a western plot to hinder Sudan 's development .
Despite his defiance , the court 's decision will raise immediate questions over his political future and he will find it difficult to travel abroad without the risk of arrest .
The case is by far the biggest and most controversial that the ICC , which started work as a permanent court in 2002 , has taken on .
Bashir , who is 65 and has held power for 20 years , joins the likes of the former Liberian president Charles Taylor and the late Yugoslavian leader Slobodan Milosevic , who were indicted by special international tribunals while still in office .
Both were subsequently forced from power and put on trial in The Hague .
Few independent observers doubt Bashir 's large share of responsibility for the humanitarian catastrophe in Darfur .
After the uprising in February 2003 by mainly non-Arab rebels , who complained of marginalisation and neglect , his government armed , trained and financed bands of Arab nomads to attack villages across Darfur , killing , raping and looting as they went .
The army provided air and ground support .
Moreno - Ocampo says the strategy caused 35,000 violent deaths , and alleges that Bashir wanted to eliminate the Fur , Marsalit and Zaghawa ethnic groups , whom he deemed supportive of the rebels .
" More than 30 witnesses will [ testify ] how he [ Bashir ] managed to control everything , and we have strong evidence of his intention , " Moreno - Ocampo said yesterday .
But some Sudan experts were not convinced by the genocide charge , which is normally extremely difficult to prove .
Equally contentious was the decision to pursue Bashir while he still heads an unpredictable regime in an unstable country .
The US , UK and France were in favour of the arrest warrant , and hope it may push Sudan 's government towards reforms and ending the six - year conflict .
But Arab states and the African Union had pressed for a postponement of the charges to allow Bashir a final chance to end the Darfur conflict while not under duress .
Under the ICC statute , the United Nations can still pass a resolution to defer the prosecution for 12 months , but this seems unlikely given the stance of leading western powers .
Street protests against the ICC decision are expected in Khartoum , but the government has insisted there will be no impact on national policies .
Some observers fear , however , that Bashir will crack down on opposition groups in the coming months if he feels his power is at stake , and that the 2005 peace deal to end the civil war in the south could also be in peril .
The UN , aid agencies and western embassies have made emergency plans in case of violence against foreigners .
Grilled meat is nice , but the health stakes are high ( Image : Heath Robbins / The Image Bank / Getty )
IF YOU are frying a steak and mindful of your health , then marinate it in either beer or red wine .
So say food scientists who measured amounts of a family of carcinogens found in fried steaks after steeping them in booze .
Cooking food increases levels of cancer - causing compounds called heterocyclic amines ( HAs ) .
Fried and grilled meat are particularly high in these compounds , because fiery temperatures convert the sugars and amino acids in muscle tissue into HAs .
Various substances can reduce HA content : an olive …
LGBT advocates have not been outspoken on The Employee Free Choice Act ( EFCA ) , a piece of legislation that would compliment the Employment Non Discrimination
Act in providing protections for all workers and much needed ones for LGBT employees .
The Employee Free Choice
Act would make it easier for employees to unite and form coalitions and unions to fight unfair labor practices , and to advocate for living wages , health benefits , and job security .
How will this legislation help the LGBT community :
Increased union representation will lead to a higher standard of living for all Americans especially people who make significantly less income ( transgender people and queer people of color ) .
There are no federal protections against discrimination based on sexual orientation / gender identity but often unions as a collective will have such a policy in place to help remedy the situation .
EFCA will help LGBT people bargain for more benefits including , inclusive language for LGBT families in the Family Medical Leave Act , offering domestic partner health benefits , removing transgender health exclusions , passing of pension benefits to same - sex spouse or their children .
Take action , and learn more at Shared Agenda
Gregoire as Commerce Secretary ?
Some tea leaves : The Governor of Washington State has disappeared .
Her office , while very tight - lipped about her whereabouts , tells me there will be an announcement early tomorrow morning .
Obama 's transition team plans to announce the new Commerce Secretary nominee ( replacing Bill Richardson ) " very quickly . "
From my interview just now with Gregoire spokesperson Laura Lockard :
Q : Is Governor Gregoire going to be Obama 's nominee for Commerce Secretary ?
A : “ We ’re not able to speak to that so we ’ll do a release in the morning . ” Q : Where is she ?
A : “ She ’s out of state . ” Q : Is she in the country ?
A : " I ’m not allowed to say . ” Q : Is she going to continue as Governor of Washington State ?
A : " I ’m not allowed to say . ”
Like everyone , I await tomorrow 's announcement .
But I will say — and again this is just tea leaves — that Lockard did n't sound like a staffer who was mourning some sort of personal tragedy in her boss 's life .
And , not to get too far ahead of things , but : Governor Brad Owen ?
This video provides a surreal but factual summary of the chemtrail phenomenon and the effect that chemtrails are having on the environment .
When do you last remember seeing a clear blue sky ?
Wayne Madsen has proposed that Bernie Madoff laundered embezzled money through Israel .
( See
or
Madsen mentions that longtime Madoff associate and booster Ezra Merkin recently acquired Bank Leumi , the National Bank of Israel .
While a bank is useful in a money - laundering scheme and Israel 's general lack of financial transparency is really helpful , you really need businesses , whose profits are not so easily tied to its costs and whose revenue sources are cash or hard to trace .
Historically chains of pizzerias were used by the Sicilian Mafia , and then they found that laundramats were even better .
In modern times , hi-tech and especially software firms seem to have been used -- especially startups because as the dirty money becomes clean it can be used to show the profitability necessary for a lucrative IPO .
A criminal conspiracy may actually make more money with a fraudulent IPO than with the original crimes .
This type of leveraged money - laundering requires a respectable ( we know what that means ) ( probably US ) investment bank .
I am not suggesting that Madsen is wrong , but he needs both to identify a few more elements to the scheme and also to investigate the role of " regulators , " for the power of corrupt Jewish networking in securities regulation even astounded me in the case of Madoff because apparently no one ever tried to match even one vapor transaction by Madoff 's hedge fund with any real transaction with any bank or brokerage firm .
Small things about cognitive science and coding , probably most of the latter .
Critics have been belittling President Obama ’s recent visit with Latin American leaders as a “ contrition ” and “ apology ” tour .
But a more accurate tag would be “ accountability ” tour , and it ’s long overdue .
During the Summit of the Americas last week , Obama avoided the hectoring condescension that all too often marked American foreign policy during the Bush years .
Instead , he demonstrated that the American case can be made with a combination of humility and accountability .
This shift in tone happens to be the best path for improving America ’s reputation abroad , and for increasing U.S. influence .
In fact , it has already had the effect of reducing tensions with Russia , opening doors for collaboration with alienated allies such as Turkey , and isolating inveterate critics of the United States to the margins of international discourse .
Most controversially , Obama last week met and shook hands with Venezuelan President Hugo Chávez , who continues to consolidate his power and tighten control over Venezuelan civil society .
Obama also chose not to answer Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega ’s long tirade against U.S. policy .
This has led to accusations that Obama has encouraged authoritarian and left - wing leaders in Latin America while discouraging their political opposition .
But such complaints fail to grasp that these leaders have always thrived on demonization by Washington .
What is interesting about Obama ’s non-confrontational approach to both leaders is that it suggests Obama has learned not to feed the proverbial trolls .
On the one hand , Obama has shown a willingness to engage hostile or critical foreign leaders in discussion .
But he has also shown no desire to participate in international polemics , perhaps because he has come to see that the U.S. gains nothing from such confrontations .
Better still , by largely ignoring the rantings of anti-American zealots , Obama may be able to split persuadable critics of America from those who are reflexively and genuinely anti-American .
In an amusing irony , Obama , who is often accused of being an insubstantial rhetorician , has refrained from the long - winded , idealistic bluster on the international stage that his predecessor frequently indulged in .
And it may already be paying dividends .
For instance , one of the regular rituals of Organization of American States gatherings is the litany of complaints about Cuba ’s forced absence from the summit .
But Obama managed to overshadow those complaints with his previously announced easing of travel restrictions to Cuba .
As for his meeting with Chávez , far from embarrassing the U.S. , it highlighted how much Chávez craves American acceptance .
( Chávez tentatively announced the appointment of a new ambassador to Washington , a signal of how isolated Chavez now feels . )
And rather than lending credibility and stature to Ortega , Obama ignored him , which is far worse for an anti-American demagogue than a full - throated rebuttal could ever be .
Most important , Obama ’s willingness to acknowledge America ’s past tendency to dismiss the views of allies and to disrespect legitimate foreign interests reflects a degree of self - confidence that has been oddly lacking in the strongest advocates of U.S. hegemony .
This is especially notable for a Democratic president — since Democratic leaders often feel the need to prove their hawkishness .
Instead of the almost - obsessive need to celebrate American achievements , Obama ’s handling of foreign relations has shown a steady , humble confidence in the United States .
This is a refreshing departure from foreign policy since the end of the Cold War , as well as from some of Obama ’s own more aggressive campaign rhetoric .
In contrast to that familiar Democratic “ defensive crouch ” on matters of national security , Obama has acted as a leader who feels no need to overcompensate for any perceived weakness and no need to apologize for giving priority to rebuilding damaged international relations with both allies and rivals .
Indeed , it seems that the problem Obama ’s critics have with him is not that he has been admitting American mistakes , but that he has failed to cringe and apologize to them for pursuing the course of action he thinks best for the United States .
It ’s true .
It ’s the fucking future .
Btw , today is the last day to preorder a shirt and save $ 5 .
Go do that here !
UPDATE : We ’re extending the deadline for preorders through the end of the weekend because that ’s how long it ’s going to take me to switch over the store from “ preorder ” to “ order ” .
Take advantage of this fluke right now !
ANOTHER UPDATE : Systemic Lextrical wrote a song about this comic .
You can listen to it here »
Sufficient Complexity And Combinatorial Chemistry In Stars , Planets And Life
How did life begin , anyway ?
I am a research professor at the University of California , Santa Cruz , and over the past 30 years my students and I have been working to understand how cellular life arose .
The unit of all life today is the cell , a molecular system of functional polymers ( proteins and nucleic acids ) that is bounded by a membrane composed of lipid .
We and others have discovered ways to fabricate what we call protocells , artificial molecular systems that have some of the properties of life .
In the next few years I am reasonably confidant that artificial cells will be assembled with virtually all of the properties of life , and that this breakthrough will lead to a deeper understanding of how life began .
These are very exciting times !
I want to share some of the excitement with readers of this column , and invite them to share their own views and comments .
To get some idea of the scope of the question of life ’s origins , let ’s consider for a moment what a planetary surface in our solar system was like four billion years ago , before life began .
There were no genes to tell a living organism what proteins to make .
There were no enzymatic catalysts , no photosynthesis , no metabolism .
Instead , on Mars and the Earth , there were hot , sterile surfaces , salty oceans containing a dilute solution of thousands of organic compounds , volcanic land masses rising from boiling seas , and tidal wet - dry cycles where seas met land .
Water continuously evaporated from the interface between sea and atmosphere , condensed as rain and fell on the lava of volcanic islands where it formed small pools containing organic solutes , then evaporated again .
From this unpromising chaos of land , sea and atmosphere , the first life somehow emerged , certainly on the Earth , perhaps on Mars .
I want to tell this story in a new way .
Because life today is so much a phenomenon of chemistry , it has been mostly chemists who are attracted to the question of how life began .
Chemists see this question through their perception that the origin of life is best understood as a chemical process .
And of course , this is true , at least in part .
When the first organisms began to grow and reproduce on the early Earth , chemical reactions associated with growth , metabolism and replication were central to much of what we call the living state .
But how could the chemistry begin ?
I believe that the answer will be found in the realm of physics , and more specifically biophysics , defined as the physical processes that we now associate with the living state .
The chemistry of life became possible after physical processes permitted specific chemical reactions to occur in molecular assemblages that emerge when the laws of physics and chemistry intersect .
On the early Earth , over a period of time measured in tens to hundreds of millions of years , countless microscopic compartments were produced when dilute solutions of organic solutes were mixed , baked to dryness on mineral surfaces , dispersed by rain or tides , then cycled again .
This is where chemistry takes over .
I will argue that three chemical concepts must work together for life to begin .
Furthermore , these concepts should help guide present and future research on the origins of life .
Here are the three concepts :
• The principle of sufficient complexity
• The advantage of cycling reactions
• The power of combinatorial chemistry
Sufficient complexity means just what it says .
When Stanley Miller produced amino acids from simple gas mixtures , it was essential to have water , ammonia , methane and hydrogen present .
If any one of these components had been absent , the mixture would be insufficiently complex and the experiment would have failed .
The origin of life also required components of sufficient complexity .
We , as scientists , tend to keep our experimental conditions as simple as possible , to rule out confounding complexities so that the results are clear .
This is simply good research technique , because it forces us to limit the scope of our research .
Most recently the emphasis has been on replicating and catalytic systems involving RNA and DNA which are studied in small plastic test tubes .
My point is that such systems may be insufficiently complex , and that we need to take the next bold step into interacting systems of nucleic acids and peptides , for instance , in order to more closely simulate the reactions that led to the origin of life .
The advantage of cycling reactions is also obvious , but it is rarely applied .
Studies of chemical reactions related to the origin of life typically produce a mixture of products that need to be analyzed .
For this reason they are usually run just once , over periods of minutes to days , and the products are analyzed after the reaction reaches equilibrium .
This approach simplifies the analysis , which is important for an investigator who has a limited time to do experiments and publish the results .
However , a single run negates the potential for evolution within the mixture .
Furthermore , a single run is not a plausible simulation of what would happen on the early Earth where organic mixtures would be exposed to cycling conditions over many years of time .
I will argue that we need to dig deeper into the possibilities of cycling reactions and design experiments that will take advantage of possible evolutionary steps toward increased complexity within chemical mixtures .
A standard approach used by chemists is to run a given reaction in a single container , again for experimental convenience and simplicity .
However , in recent years the technique of combinatorial chemistry has developed , which is used in the pharmaceutical industry to study large numbers of compounds and conditions in order to optimize a reaction or test a new drug .
A robotic device loads hundreds or even thousands of small reaction chambers with the desired mixtures , each chamber containing a droplet that is slightly different from the rest .
After the reaction is completed the chambers are individually tested for activity .
A lipid-encapsulated systems of molecules can also be a version of combinatorial chemistry .
In my lab , I often make liposomes by adding water to a flask containing a few milligrams of a dry phospholipid such as lecithin .
If I shake the flask for a few seconds , a milky suspension of liposomes is produced that contains trillions of individual microscopic vesicles in the size range of small bacteria , half a micrometer in diameter .
And if the vesicles are prepared in a solution containing small peptides and short nucleic acids such as RNA , each of the trillion vesicles will contain a different set of components .
Now let ’s think about the early Earth .
Instead of milligrams of lipid in a flask , the early Earth would have had trillions of tons of organic material assembling into enormous numbers of microscopic compartmentalized molecules , and half a billion years of time to do the experiment .
I think the origin of life is best understood as a version of combinatorial chemistry , but at a level far beyond what we can do in the laboratory .
Will we ever discover the combination of ingredients that gave rise to life ?
I hope so , of course .
Our only hope is to apply what we know about the chemistry and physics of living systems to reduce the odds , then be brave enough to actually try the experiments .
Wow ..
It 's kinda funny how hacked Iphones are SOOOO much better than the real thing .
Also , to the reporter , putting [ Win.mo ] on an Iphone was n't and is n't impossible .
When it comes to hacking , nothing is impossible , it 's only a matter of " When " .
Obama apologizes to Nancy Reagan for ' careless ' joke
President - elect Barack Obama called Nancy Reagan this afternoon to apologize for a joke about her having held " séances " in the White House , an Obama aide said .
“ President - elect Barack Obama called Nancy Reagan today to apologize for the careless and off - handed remark he made during today ’s press conference , " said transition spokeswoman Stephanie Cutter .
" The President - elect expressed his admiration and affection for Mrs. Reagan that so many Americans share and they had a warm conversation . "
Obama was asked at his press conference today if he'd spoken to all the " living " presidents .
" I have spoken to all of them who are living , " he responded .
" I did n’t want to get into a Nancy Reagan thing about doing any séances . "
He was apparently confusing stories about Reagan 's consulting with an astrologer with those about other First Ladies -- from Mary Todd Lincoln to Hillary Clinton -- who tried to make contact with figures from the past .
Obama 's earlier remarks :
In the eyes of many artists and record labels , being heavily pirated is just about the worse thing that could happen .
But what if there was a worse fate , one where people do n’t feel the desire to pirate your music at all ?
What if you make your music available for free - but still no one is interested ?
Come back pirates , all is forgiven .
Pirates are pretty demanding consumers , even if they are n’t putting their hands in their pockets all of the time .
But just because they ’re getting stuff like music for free , does n’t mean that they let their standards drop .
Sure , the decision about what to download is made easer by the lack of a financial penalty should the media prove substandard , but pirates are as picky as any other consumer – and maybe more so .
There have been many cases where bands and music labels have been publicly vocal about the fact that their album has been heavily pirated .
Complaining that their business has been torn apart , most of them appear to ignore the link between accumulating many unauthorized downloads and the retail success of their product .
Short and sweet – if your product is good , thousands will buy it .
If your product is good , thousands will pirate it too – the two scenarios go hand in hand .
One band who thought that evil pirates were taking all their money are Sweden - based Stockholm Stoner .
In a recent interview picked up by brokep of The Pirate Bay , the band explained that since releasing their album on January 21st this year , they had sold a pretty - unimpressive 379 copies .
Apparently , however , their music is a smash hit on BitTorrent , racking up an impressive 80,000 downloads .
This ratio of legal to unauthorized downloads seems unprecedented and the band were quick to express their dismay .
While noting that they are n’t specifically against P2P networks , the band said it “ would be fun ” to get paid for their work and that “ adults must understand that they can not steal , ” while saying that the Internet should be filtered – “ .. the Chinese can do it after all , ” they said .
But this is the Internet , and not everything is how it seems .
What could be worse than getting pirated 210 copies to every one sold ?
How about … not getting pirated at all ?
Unfortunately for the band the download stats for their album were gathered from entirely the wrong place , via scammy links on a torrent meta search engine .
As can be seen from this search for Stockholm Stoner , the site shows many thousands of downloads .
They are fake – you can type anything in that search box and the site will return ‘ stats ’ .
Rather than being relieved , I ca n’t help but think that having found out that they ’re not popular with pirates after all , the band would be hugely disappointed .
Searching in the usual places , Torrent Freak could n’t find any significant downloads of this band at all .
Better to be popular and downloaded , than not downloaded at all , surely ?
Another artist who claims to be hugely popular with pirates is Indiana “ The Internet Police Are Coming ” Gregg .
In an interview with the BBC , Gregg claimed that one of her albums had been downloaded 250,000 times – a figure we found just too outrageous to be taken seriously , with our own calculations indicating this assessment was inflated by around 240,000 downloads .
Using the publicity from her spat with The Pirate Bay to great effect , Gregg went on to create Kerchoonz – a site paid for by £ 250,000 of public money where people could download and listen to music for free .
Trying to convert ‘ pirates - with - morals ’ to the site , every listen or download would result in the artists getting paid , emphasized Gregg .
Indiana Gregg herself is touting her own music on the site and is actually the # 4 artist in the Kerchoonz ‘ Top 100 ’ list .
Since she ’s so popular with pirates ( 250,000 downloads remember ? ) she must be tearing it up on Kerchoonz .
Wrong .
Current stats indicate that her tracks have been streamed 1180 times and downloaded just 310 times .
Presuming she ’s getting paid at the same rates as the other artists on the site , Gregg netted $ 2 for this effort , which is exactly $ 2 more than she accused The Pirate Bay of giving her .
Overall it seems that getting heavily pirated is an indication of success , and a pointer that good money is to be made at retail – The Dark Knight was pirated at least a million times but has already made over $ 1 billion dollars worldwide .
If no - one wants to pirate your music or download it for free , do n’t expect to be able to sell it either .
Come back pirates , the music industry needs you .
The Texas Board of Education approved a science curriculum that opens the door for teachers and textbooks to raise doubts about evolution .
Critics of evolution said they were thrilled with Friday 's move .
" Texas has sent a clear message that evolution should be taught as a scientific theory open to critical scrutiny , not as a sacred dogma that can't be questioned , " said Dr. John West , a senior fellow at the Discovery Institute , a Seattle think tank that argues an intelligent designer created life .
Kathy ...
Slitherlink Interactive puzzle game now available from Conceptis
A Slitherlink interactive Flash game application is now available on conceptispuzzles.com .
Slitherlink , a popular number - logic puzzle family first released in December 2006 in print format , can now be played online , saved on Conceptis servers and continued from any other computer anywhere .
Slitherlink Interactive is the eighth puzzle family to be developed as an online game .
The new application joins the 7 other popular interactive puzzle games including ; Pic -a - Pix ; Link - a - Pix ; Fill - a- Pix ; Sudoku ; Kakuro ; Battleships and Hashi .
Useful puzzle solving features
Slitherlink Interactive supports all common Conceptis gaming features such as save , print ( including resize and multi- page ) , zoom in / out , undo / redo and check solution .
In addition , Conceptis ' Slitherlink provides useful optional preferences such as showing errors , auto completing link - paths around a clue and auto excluding link - paths around a clue allowing users to customize game play and enjoy the games even more .
Ca n't wait to test your interactive Slitherlink skills ?
There 's a sample to start with right on this page and 10 more in the Puzzles section .
Or you can go directly to My Conceptis where all weekly Slitherlink puzzles are playable online from now on .
For more information see the Help page and other related resources below .
About Slitherlink
Slitherlink rules are simple and straight - forward .
Each puzzle consists of a rectangular lattice of dots with some clues in various places .
The object is to connect the dots surrounding each clue so that the number of lines equals the value of the clue and the lines around all clues form one continuous loop with no crossings or branches .
Empty squares may be surrounded by any number of lines .
Following the footsteps of Sudoku , Kakuro and other Number Logic puzzles , Slitherlink ( Japanese : スリザーリンク ) is a family of addictive loop - forming logic puzzles originated in Japan .
Other internationally known names for Slitherlink include Takegaki , Loopy , Ouroboros , Suriza , Surizarinku , Sli-Lin and Fences , as well as Loop the Loop , Dotty Dilemma and Number Line .
Related resources
Like and share
You can now buy
1 PHOTO .
3 WORDS .
365 DAYS
merchandise goodies like ...
shirts.clocks.calenders.stickers.etc
click on the link below to view all the goodies ...
All profits will help us publish a book of the whole project , all 365 days on day 366 .
Thanks for your support ...
ここ数年、テレビなどでも紹介されることが多くなった「痩せ菌サプリ」
ダイエットに効果的だと言われるサプリメントの中で特に人気となっています。
ただ、痩せ菌サプリがなぜダイエットに効果的なのかということを知らない方も多いです。
AMI ♡ なんで痩せ菌サプリが効果的で人気があるのかを理解した上で摂取するのがいいですよね？
ダイエット効果の仕組みを理解しないで摂取するよりも、サプリの事をキチンと理解してから摂取した方が効果が高くなるのは当然です。
このサイトでは 痩せ菌サプリがダイエットにおすすめだといわれる理由
自分に合う効果的な痩せ菌サプリの選び方
これを選んでおけば間違いないオススメの痩せ菌サプリ
をご紹介していきます。
これまで色んなダイエットに挑戦したけど長続きしなかった人、今年こそは痩せると誓った人など、痩せたい方はぜひ参考にしてくださいね。
【人気急上昇】痩せ菌サプリのおすすめランキング
1位 肥後生まれのすらっとすっぽ ん
肥後生まれのすらっとすっぽん 口コミ評判： 価格 ：5,687 円( 税込 ) 容量 ：60 粒 定期初回：500 円 肥後生まれのすらっとすっぽんの詳細を見る
肥後生まれのすらっとすっぽんのポイント
アミノ酸やすっぽん、健康成分などを豊富に配合
シミ、そばかすに対する効果
食事制限やきつい運動は必要ない
今なら初 回500 円でお試しが可能 公式サイトはこちら 口コミからジワジワ売れている商品です
2位 極み菌活生サプ リ
極み菌活生サプリ 口コミ評判： 価格 ：7,680 円 ( 税込 ) 容量 ：31 粒 定期初回：980円 極み菌活生サプリの詳細を見る
極み菌活生サプリのポイント
腸内フローラを整えすっきり健康美人に
1日1粒のキレイ革命
前代未聞 の10冠達成したサプリ
先 着500 名 さま限定モニターキャンペーン中 公式サイトはこちら 今な らAmazonギフト券( 500円 ) 応募券付き
3位 みのりの酵 素
みのりの酵素 口コミ評判： 価格 ：6,540 円 ( 税抜 ) 容量：30 粒 定期初回：500円 みのりの酵素の詳細を見る
みのりの酵素のポイント
有名なダイエット成分が、てんこ盛り
ダイエット・美容・健康成分が充実
元 AKB板野友美さんの妹の板野成美さんが愛用で話題
痩せ菌サプリとは ？
デブ菌と痩せ菌の存 在
「 なんであの子は食べても食べても太らないのに、私はすぐに太っちゃうの？」
こんな疑問を抱いた事はありません？
AMI ♡ ワタシはもう 何100 万 回も思った事があります( T ^ T )
その理由は体内にある痩せ菌とデブ菌の量にありました。
テレビなどで聞いた事はありませんか？
「 デブ菌」とは肥満体質の人に多い腸内細菌…つまり、デブになりやすい菌の事です。
（2018年4月21日放送の世界一受けたい授業でデブ菌について放送されました。）
「 痩せ菌」とは、デブ菌とは逆で痩せやすい体質の人に多い腸内細菌。
日和見菌の一種で、正式には 「 バクテロイデス門」に属する菌のことです。
このバクロイデス門といわれる菌が食べ物を分解する際、短鎖脂肪酸が排出されますが、この短鎖脂肪酸が脂肪細胞に働きかけると脂肪の取り込みがストップし、肥満の予防につながるとされています。
引用：【医師監修】肥満の原因になっている！？腸内フローラとは | ヘルスケア大学
痩せないのは『デブ菌』が原因です
大食いで有名なギャル曽根さんなど大食いの方、ってみんな痩せてますよね？
普通の人があれだけの量を食べたらあっという間にぷっくりおデブになるわけです。
大食いの人には痩せ菌が多く含まれているから、食べても食べても太らない痩せやすい特異体質になっているわけです。
逆にデブ菌ばかりだといくらダイエットしても痩せられません。
『デブ菌』を減らすのに効果的な食べ物４選
納豆
キムチ
ヨーグル ト
ぬか漬け
酪酸菌が含まれている醗酵食品を食べるとデブ菌を減らす事ができます。
デブ菌撃退メニュー 酢キャベ ツ
【材料】 キャベ ツ 1/2 個
塩 小さじ2
酢 200cc
① 千切りにしたキャベツに塩を振り、
しんなりするまで揉んでいきます。 ② そこに、お酢をたっぷり入れ軽く揉み込み
冷蔵庫で半日ほど漬け込んだら完成。 毎食100g食べるのが理想です。
引用：世界一受けたい授 業
ダイエットが長続きしない人にオススメなのが痩せ菌サプリです
でも、毎日 「 納豆 」 「キムチ 」 「ぬか漬け」を食べるのって面倒だし、忙しいと続きませんよね？
そこで出番なのが痩せ菌サプリメント。
痩せ菌サプリを摂取する事で、簡単に痩せ金を増やす事ができます。
効果があるのは勿論、料金も安く効果も高いのでコスパが良いのが人気の秘密なんです。
今、痩せ菌を増やすサプリを利用している人が増えてきて商品も次々新しいのが登場しています。
そんなたくさん痩せ菌サプリがあると、一体何が違くて何を選べば良いか分からなくなりますよね？
そこで、口コミ評判はもちろん、料金も安く効果も高いおすすめの痩せ菌サプリをご紹介します。
どの痩せ菌サプリメントを買えば良いか分からない人はぜひ参考にして下さい。
そもそも痩せ菌サプリって本当に痩せる？
一生懸命ダイエットしても痩せない人がいるのに、いくら食べても太らない人がいるのはすべてこのデブ菌の仕業です。
逆に、デブ菌より痩せ菌が多ければ痩せやすい体質になります。
大食いで有名なギャル曽根や大食いyoutuber木下ゆうかなどがいますが、なぜ彼女たちはあんなに食べても太らないのでしょうか。
それはデブ菌が少なく痩せ菌が多いという事が最近のテレビを通して大きく浸透されてきました。
痩せ菌サプリメントを摂取する事で、生きた醗酵菌でアプローチしてくれるので、痩せ菌を増やしデブ菌を減らす効果があります。
腸内フローラを整えるこだわりで腸内の環境を整えてくれます。
痩せ菌サプリに含まれる成分と効果
痩せ菌サプリに含まれる成分は食物酵素エキスになります。
そして、その数はすごく沢山あることが多いです。
たとえばある痩せ菌サプリでは、300種類を超える食物酵素エキスが含まれています。
なので、痩せ菌サプリはダイエット効果に期待できるだけでなく、美肌効果・便通改善などにも期待する事ができます。痩せるだけでなく綺麗になれて一石二鳥です。
痩せ菌サプリを選ぶポイント
原材料にこだわる 安全性と製造過程にこだわる 購入しても継続できる値段を選ぶ 飲みやすさも重 要
① 原材料にこだわ る
加熱処理をしていない非加熱の商品を選ぶことが原則になります。
含まれる量が多ければ多いほど得られる効能は増大していきます。各メーカーによって少ないものと多いものでは配合量が半分以上違うなんてこともあります。
そして色々な種類があるのでどんな種類が含まれているかもチェックしておきたいポイントです。
原材料の他にもビタミンなど体によい栄養素が含まれているので栄養成分にも着目するとよいでしょう。
② 安全性と製造過程にこだわ る
選び方のポイントとして無添加にこだわりたいところです。
しかし、製造する過程において最小限の添加物が必要になってきます。
ダイエットドリンクなどの商品には国が安全性を認めた添加物が含有されています。
選ばれた商品の中でも添加物の少ないものを選ぶようにしましょう。外国の製品が一概に悪いとは言えませんが、信頼度の高い日本国内メーカーによる国産品を選ぶのも安全性が高いともいえます。
また、原料になる食材は発酵期間が長ければ長いほど、栄養が凝縮されます。３年以上の発酵期間があるものを選ぶようにしましょう。
③ 購入しても継続できる値段を選 ぶ
含有量の多いものだったとしても、値段のことを考えなくてはいけません。
原材料や製造過程においてコストのかかる商品なので自分の財布と相談して継続できる商品を選ぶようにしましょう。
④ 飲みやすさも重 要
形状は様々なものがあり、錠剤やパウダー、カプセル、ペーストなど形にとらわれることはありません。
しかし粉末や錠剤タイプのサプリは粉状にする際に水分を飛ばして加熱処理を加えているので酵素が失活している状態です。
本来であれば、加熱処理を食われないペースト状が理想です。
しかし、独特の風味が嫌いという人もいます。
飲みやすさを考えた丸剤のものかペーストをカプセル化したサプリを選ぶようにしましょう。
痩せ菌サプリで生活を改善しよう
痩せ菌サプリがなぜダイエットにオススメで人気なのか、なんとなく分かりましたでしょうか？
デブ菌を減らす痩せ菌を増やす事で痩せやすい身体作りを手助けしてくれるアイテムなのですから、使わない手はありません。
普段の生活から痩せ菌に効果的な醗酵菌や体作りをするのは難しいですが、痩せ菌サプリを使えば生活改善効果と同じような効果が期待できるのですから、多くの人にとって価値のあるものとなる可能性は高いです。
少なくとも一度試してみるだけの価値はあるでしょう。
ただ、身近な食べ物でも痩せ菌を増やすことはできるので、自分の合うやり方で挑戦してみて下さい。
痩せ菌サプリは2000円〜3000円ほどで買えて、初回であれば500円などお得購入できる商品も多く存在します。
そのくらいの値段で取り組む事ができるのだから、やはり試してみるのがおすすめです。
The parents of an American peace activist who was severely injured by Israeli forces at a demonstration in the occupied West Bank called on the Israeli government today to take " full responsibility " for the shooting .
Tristan Anderson , 38 , was hit in the forehead by a high - velocity teargas canister fired by an Israeli border policeman in the village of Nilin earlier this month .
The incident came after a demonstration against Israel 's West Bank barrier , which as elsewhere has cut off a large slice of the village 's agricultural land .
Since last July , four Palestinians have been killed by Israeli forces in similar demonstrations in the village .
Anderson was rushed to the Tel Hashomer hospital in Israel , where he has already had three operations .
He lost the sight in his right eye and doctors had to remove portions of his frontal lobe .
It is not clear if he will survive , or how much brain damage he may have suffered .
His parents , Nancy and Michael , who flew out from their home near Sacramento in California to be at his bedside , said he remained in a " very critical condition " in a medically induced coma .
" We are horrified and overwhelmed , " said Nancy Anderson .
" We are scared and really still in shock .
To shoot peaceful demonstrators is really horrifying to us .
What we want to ask is that the Israeli government publicly take full responsibility for the shooting of our son . "
She said no Israeli official , from either the government or the military , had contacted the couple since their son was hurt .
" I do n't carry any negative feelings towards the soldier who shot our son , " she said .
" All I feel is love for Tristan and fear for his recovery . "
Tristan Anderson worked in Oakland , California , as part of a crew involved in setting up conventions .
He arrived in Israel in February with his girlfriend , and was planning to stay three months before joining his parents in Europe for a holiday .
He had been involved in previous peace demonstrations elsewhere in the world , including in Iraq in 2003 , El Salvador and Guatemala .
He was at the 2000 demonstration in Prague against the World Bank and IMF .
" Tristan has always been interested in how societies that go through conflict are able to resolve their issues , " said his father .
" He came to understand for himself what the Israeli - Palestinian conflict was about .
It is ironic that the country in which he was shot is a democracy where it is supposed to be a duty for everyone to follow their conscience .
We want to know the truth of what happened and we want justice for our son . "
Jonathan Pollack , an Israeli activist who was at the demonstration this month , said Tristan was hit at around 4.30 pm inside the village , at least 1 km from the barrier , at a time when the demonstration was dispersing .
Although , as is often the case , there had been some stone - throwing at the protest , he said Tristan had never thrown any stones or taken any violent action .
Pollack said Israeli border police had led an incursion into Nilin that morning .
" For hours before he was shot , Tristan was nowhere near the wall , " he said .
It is thought he was hit by a high - velocity teargas grenade , a weapon newly being used against West Bank demonstrators .
It comes in a black canister labelled in Hebrew " 40 mm bullet special / long range " , and is silent when fired , according to demonstrators .
Tristan was hit from a distance of about 60 metres , they said .
Michael Sfard , an Israeli human rights lawyer acting for the Anderson family , said he had filed an official complaint demanding an independent investigation .
He said that evidence from Israeli human rights researchers showed neither the border police nor the barrier itself were under any threat at the time of the shooting .
" The incident took place in the village of Nilin when the protesters came back to the village after a peaceful demonstration , " Sfard said .
" The policemen involved , both the guy who shot and the officers who gave orders , must take the full might of criminal justice . "
The Israeli military described the protest as a " violent riot " , saying that " approximately 400 rioters threw a massive number of rocks at security forces " .
" Israel regrets that the Israeli and foreign nationals co-operate with violent rioters against the building of the security fence , whose purpose is saving the lives of Israeli citizens , " it said .
" As such , any Israeli , Palestinian , or foreign national who illegally participates in a violent demonstration takes upon himself the risk of personal harm during the dispersal of these disturbances . "
Late last night I was saddened to learn that the investment community had lost Bennet Sedacca , one of the brightest minds anywhere when it comes to understanding the credit crisis , fixed income investing , risk management , and a nearly endless list of other items , too lengthy to mention .
Bennet graciously shared his thoughts in numerous Minyanville article and I frequently referenced them in my blog .
A few days ago Bennet wrote a classic piece that I thought was so good that instead of commenting on it , I submitted it to John Rubino at Dollar Collapse for " Best of the Web " .
Bennet 's article , A Beatles ' Guide to the Bear Market is still on the scrolling " Best of the Web " list .
Times like these show us what is important and what is not .
Indeed , too much energy is wasted on what is not .
If you have not yet done so , please read A Tribute to Bennet Sedacca by Todd Harrison .
As Todd said , " Rest in peace , my friend .
I love you , and you will most certainly be missed . "
Goodbye Bennet , you were among the best of the best .
Mike " Mish " Shedlock
http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com
Click Here To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
Former Guns N' Roses guitarist Slash has sent a signed Epiphone Les Paul to a teenager in Australia who lost a number of his own instruments during a recent bushfire .
Save money on musical instruments now
guitars in the disaster , including one signed by the rock star when he was last on tour in the country with Velvet Revolver .
" I still ca n't believe it .
It 's amazing , " said Gavin of the replacement , which is from Slash 's signature range of Les Pauls .
According to the newspaper , Slash sent the guitar to the teen 's home in Melbourne not long after hearing the story .
A photograph appears in the publication showing Gavin being presented with the instrument by Wes Carr of Australian Idol .
Slash is arguably the most prominent Les Paul player in the world and is known to own several dozen of the instruments .
Buy an Electric Guitar now .
: : : : : : : : : :
The favorite right - wing meme of late is that President Obama is incapable of speaking without a teleprompter .
Are they trying to say Obama is too stupid to speak without one ?
A Harvard graduate who was editor of The Law Review ( a highly acclaimed honor only bestowed upon the brightest and best at one of the best ivy league institutions in the world ) , a man who authored two books and has spoken across this great land , in Town Hall fashion , taking questions outside of The Bubble , this man is unable to speak on his own ?
Seriously ?
Let ’s take a look and unpack this a little , shall we ?
It ’s fun , honest .
Click that Keep Reading link and …
From the right wing headliner :
Drudge Resorts to his Usual Garbage
And then there is :
Getting into the picture is Ron Fournier , the Washington bureau chief for the Associated Press ( Remember him ?
His email exchange with Karl Rove encouraging Rove to “ keep up the fight ” for the McCain camp , and was even courted to join the McCain campaign ) , who wrote a 100 word “ analysis piece ” on last night ’s speech .
Five of those 100 words were “ teleprompter ” which begged Steve Benen to ask :
This is an “ analysis ” piece ?
From where , the Republican National Committee ?
Good question , Mr. Benen .
Why might a president want to use a teleprompter ?
Oh , I do n’t know , perhaps to make sure to ensure that his facts are straight ?
I mean , it ’s not as if this president does n’t have so many plates spinning in the air that he can readily remember every fact of every disaster which was bestowed upon him .
And , honestly , it ’s not as if the teleprompter is new , or that a sitting president might want to make sure that they have their fact straight .
Really , see Saint Ronald Reagan set up for his little tête - à - tête with the American people .
Reagan is hardly the only GOPer who has used the teleprompter , as John Avarosis from AmericaBlog shows .
Even Ed Henry ( he of the beautiful smackdown by the President , shown at the beginning of this clip ) states that Obama is being careful with what he says ( see the 1:08 minute mark ) .
Compared to the previous resident of the White House , as shown below .
Please let us never forget the difference between a president who is thoughtful enough to use a teleprompter versus a president who is not .
The best of Rovian politics is to attack your opponent ’s strongest points .
Obama is a powerful speaker , one who engages people , is thoughtful and knowledgeable in his responses .
And this is what the right - wing brings forth .
I ’ve also noticed that not one of these right - wingers has questioned Obama ’s facts .
But we all know that facts have that terrible liberal bias .
Thankfully , the American people are having none of it .
Obama ’s approval ratings continue to be strong , which is infuriating and frustrating the right .
This from Erick Erickson at RedState :
I ’ve been in a funk these past couple of weeks .
…
There ’s something more though .
I am a bit overwhelmed .
I suspect many of you are too .
The information is coming fast and furious , the GOP has yet to get back in the game with a full swing , socialism is creeping upon us , and many of my friends around me have decided the best course of action is to put their heads in the sand and hope for the best .
The default is to shift into the doldrums in the middle of the fight .
Sorry , fellas .
You ’ve lost this fight .
Your dog do n’t hunt .
The American people are just not that into you .
You had eight years and you blew it .
Now , you have to tough it out while the grown - up ’s try to fix what you wrought upon this country .
If this is all you have , considering you have completely become The Party of No , with no ideas , no ideals , no rational thought , other than more tax breaks for corporations and the rich and their constant attempts to stop any sort of recovery efforts .
If this is all the right wing has , I say : Bring .
It .
On .
Whigs II anyone ?
Fine by me .
: : : : : : : : : :
As long as everyone ’s talking today about AIG ’s payouts to its executives and foreign banks , let ’s remember the payouts AIG has made over the years to politicians .
In the last 20 years American International Group ( AIG ) has contributed more than $ 9 million to federal candidates and parties through PAC and individual contributions .
That ’s enough to rank AIG on OpenSecrets.org ’s Heavy Hitters list , which profiles the top 100 contributors of all time .
Over time , AIG has n’t shown an especially partisan streak , splitting evenly the $ 9.3 million it has contributed since 1989 .
In the last election cycle , though , 68 percent of contributions associated with the company went to Democrats .
Two senators who chair committees charged with overseeing AIG and the insurance industry , Sen. Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) and Sen. Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) , are among the top recipients of AIG contributions .
Baucus chairs the Senate Finance Committee and has collected more money from AIG in his congressional career than from any other company –$ 91,000 .
And with more than $ 280,000 , AIG has been the fourth largest contributor to Dodd , who chairs the Senate ’s banking committee .
President Obama and his rival in last year ’s election , Sen. John McCain ( R - Ariz . ) , are also high on the list of top recipients .
AIG has been a personal investment for lawmakers , too .
Twenty - eight current members of Congress reported owning stock in AIG in 2007 , worth between $ 2.5 million and $ 3.3 million .
Sen. John Kerry ( D - Mass. ) , one of the richest members of Congress , was by far the biggest investor in AIG , with stock valued around $ 2 million .
Last year AIG and its subsidiaries spent about $ 9.7 million on federal lobbying , or about $ 53,000 for every day Congress was in session in 2008 .
The company ’s spending on advocacy last year was down from an all - time high of $ 11.4 million spent on lobbying in 2007 .
CRP
In the News
Here are some of the media citations of CRP ’s AIG data :
Critics Got Donations from Insurer ( Wall Street Journal , March 19 , 2009 )
Will Obama , McCain , Dodd Return Contributions From AIG Employees ?
( ABCNews.com , March 18 , 2009 )
Watching the A.I.G. Hearing on the Hill ( New York Times , March 18 , 2009 )
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : Feel free to distribute or cite this material , but please credit the Center for Responsive Politics .
For permission to reprint for commercial uses , such as textbooks , contact the Center : [ email protected ]
·
·
·
·
·
·
Support Accountability Journalism
At OpenSecrets.org we offer in - depth , money - in - politics stories in the public interest .
Whether you ’re reading about 2020 presidential fundraising , conflicts of interest or “ dark money ” influence , we produce this content with a small , but dedicated team .
Every donation we receive from users like you goes directly into promoting high - quality data analysis and investigative journalism that you can trust .
Please support our work and keep this resource free .
Thank you .
Support OpenSecrets ➜
Read more OpenSecrets News & Analysis :
Senate ’s CIA Probe Already Finished Looking at Two Detainees
Created : April 20 , 2009 17:38 | Last updated : July 31 , 2020 00:00
In a just - released letter urging President Obama not to make any public pronouncements about who should and should n’t be prosecuted for torture until the Senate intelligence committee completes its review of the CIA ’s interrogation and detention program , Sen. Dianne Feinstein ( D - Calif. ) , the committee ’s chairwoman , released an interesting piece of information :
A study of the first two detainees has already been completed and will shortly be before the committee .
I ’m not entirely clear on who “ the first two detainees ” are , but if Feinstein means the first two detainees to have been subjected to the CIA ’s “ enhanced interrogation program , ” at least one of them is Abu Zubaydah , the al - Qaeda detainee captured in Pakistan in 2002 whom had his very own interrogation regimen designed for him and approved by the Office of Legal Counsel .
It ’s also unclear if there will be any public hearings about the CIA program as the committee continues its review .
Here ’s Feinstein ’s full letter :
Dear Mr. President :
I am writing to respectfully request that comments regarding holding individuals accountable for detention and interrogation related activities be held in reserve until the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence is able to complete its review of the conditions and interrogations of certain high value detainees .
This study is now underway , and I estimate its completion within the next six to eight months .
A study of the first two detainees has already been completed and will shortly be before the committee .
Sincerely Yours ,
Dianne Feinstein
United States Senator
Phil Zelikow , a former top aide to ex-Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice and staff director of the 9/11 Commission , made the same point in a Shadow Government post today .
Color Dodge is one of the Blend Modes I use the most .
It 's in my opinion the easiest and best way to create light effects , and , even though I have already written quite a few tutorials showing how to use it , I decided to write a quick tips all about this very useful blend mode .
Because of that in this Quick Tips I will show you how it works .
You can use this technique in all programs that have Color Dodge , such as GIMP , Pixelmator , Fireworks , and others .
Step 1
Open Photoshop , the size of the document is not important because the idea is to learn how the Blend Mode works .
So the first thing is fill the Background with Black .
Step 2
With the Ellipse Tool ( U ) create an ellipse in white .
Then go to Filter > Convert to Smart Filter .
That 's available in Photoshop CS4 , if you 're not using the CS4 just skip this part .
Step 3
Go to Filter > Blur > Gaussian Blur .
Use 10 Pixels for the Radius .
Step 4 - Understanding the Color Dodge Blend Mode
First change the Blend Mode of the Ellipse layer to Color Dodge .
You will notice that the layer simply disappear .
That happens because the color dodge does n't work over Black .
Change the color of the background to a very dark brown ( # 15100c ) .
You will see that the ellipse will be visible , but without the effect we want .
Now add a folder , or group the ellipse layer in a folder , and change the Blend Mode of the folder to Color Dodge .
That 's the effect we want .
In Photoshop that 's the best way , in my opinion , to use the Color Dodge for light effects .
Another way , and that works for the different apps is to create the ellipse in a layer with black background .
For example :
Add a new layer and fill it with black
Create an ellipse in the black layer and fill it with white and apply the Gaussian Blur .
Change the blend mode to color dodge
When you have a layer filled with black with white objects , it 's not necessary to group them and apply the Color Dodge .
Step 5 - Real Example
Create a group and rename it to Light .
In this folder create 5 lines using the Rectangle Tool ( U ) , then apply a Gaussian Blur to them .
Use 2 - 3 pixels for the Radius only .
Right after that with the Ellipse Tool ( U ) , create some ellipses and apply a Gaussian blur to them .
Use a much bigger value , 15 - 20 pixels for the radius .
After that add a text .
I used Zapfino for the font .
Again apply a Gaussian blur to the word layer .
Use a small value , 2 pixels for the radius .
Use the image below for reference .
Step 6
Now , change the Group Blend Mode to Color Dodge .
You will have a very nice light effect .
Step 8
Create a new layer on top of the others and not inside the Light folder .
Make sure you have black and white for the background and foreground colors , then go to Filter > Render > Clouds .
With the Eraser Tool ( E ) delete some areas like the image below .
Step 9
Change the Blend Mode of the Clouds to Color Dodge and you will add a nice smoke effect .
Conclusion
You can create all sorts of light effects , glows , stars and many more using the Color Dodge .
But remember it wo n't work over black backgrounds , so for example if you want to make it work over black you will have to create another layer between
The color dodge layer and the black layer with another color .
Also if you want to try different colors , just create another layer on top of the others using the Overlay Blend Mode , but that 's for another Quick Tips .
Another Example
