Actress Lindsay Lohan dissolved into sobs this afternoon in a Beverly Hills courtroom as Judge Marsha N. Revel delivered her sentence for violation of probation .
Because of her failure to attend weekly alcohol abuse education classes , having missed 7 of the 27 weeks , her SCRAM bracelet violation , and instances in the past when she lied about her drug and alcohol use while on probation , Lohan has been ordered to serve three consecutive 30 - day jail terms , as well as face a modified probation sentence following her release .
Although Revel had anticipated Lohan surrendering today , her legal counsel requested surrender in two weeks , which means she must return to the court on July 20th at 8:30 a.m. to be taken to jail .
Within two days of her release Lohan must deliver herself to a Santa Monica probation office .
Said Revel : " She is to cooperate with probation in testing for drugs and alcohol , and that will be up to the probation department how often the testing will occur . "
Further , Lohan was ordered to abstain from the use of all alcoholic beverages , and undergo 90 days of further alcohol treatment .
Until she returns to court on the 20th Lohan must wear the SCRAM bracelet .
In court on that day Revel will review if Lohan is eligible for credit for days served because of previous time spent in jail and community service .
( H/T to Jim Hoft @ Gateway Pundit )
The Video :
The Story Via WKRG.com News :
Former oil clean - up worker Candi Warren says she signed up to make a difference , but soon found out the work of cleaning the beaches was all cosmetic .
That ’s what she was told , she says .
Warren says she knew that when crews worked during the day , the tide and surf buried oil overnight .
But they were forbidden to dig it up .
She quit in disgust three weeks ago despite the $ 18 per hour pay .
She said she was told to only clean the surface of the sand , that this is all cosmetic .
She was on a crew at Gulf State Park where tourists go .
She says it has priority so as to make it look like the beaches are clean .
Warren says she believes money is being wasted on the crews and says “ At some point the real clean - up will have to begin , but I ’m afraid the money will be gone . ”
She used a shovel and dug down six , eight , maybe twelve inches into the sand to show us the layers of oil close to the shoreline .
‘ Yes , there is that .
It is probably down to the texting culture .
The use of textonyms and so on .
But it is also to do with the way young people read on screen .
The digital age cuts back reading and , as a consequence , young people are losing the ability to think seriously .
They get distracted more easily , breaking off to check an email .
Speed - reading is exactly the wrong thing to do .
You have to think about what you are reading . ’
He gives me his sideways look .
‘ You have to ponder . ’
Microsoft is working on a new technology , dubbed Street Slide , aimed at reshaping the street - level mapping space currently dominated by Google Street View and Microsoft 's Bing Streetside .
The company plans to present the technology at SIGGRAPH 2010 later this week .
The big advantage of Street Slide is that it allows users to position and change the viewpoint of the camera , rather than relying on the limited view panorama that current technologies utilize .
Multi-perspective is the name of the game with Street Slide and looking at the demonstration video , the difference between the old method and the new method is immediately apparent .
Check out this Street Slide video :
While the improved contextual viewpoints of Street Slide could be useful in any context , the real benefit is on the mobile side .
MIT 's Technology Review spoke with the founder of EveryScape , a startup that captures panoramic imagery of buildings , who has already created a version of Street Slide that is compatible with the iPhone .
According to EveryScape 's tests , Street Slide helped people find places on unfamiliar streets 17 seconds faster on average than on Google 's StreetView .
We look forward to seeing Microsoft 's full paper and presentation at SIGGRAPH , and hope that some of this technology makes its way into Bing Streetside soon .
What do you think of Microsoft 's latest take on street - level mapping ?
Short definition : Sexism is both discrimination based on gender and the attitudes , stereotypes , and the cultural elements that promote this discrimination .
Given the historical and continued imbalance of power , where men as a class are privileged over women as a class ( see male privilege ) , an important , but often overlooked , part of the term is that sexism is prejudice plus power .
Thus feminists reject the notion that women can be sexist towards men because women lack the institutional power that men have .
Sexism versus gender - based prejudice
Quick jump : Sexism vs Prejudice | Unintentional Sexism Sexism vs Prejudice | Benevolent Sexism
If you ’re here , chances are you ’re familiar with the feminist definition of sexism = prejudice + power and chances are you think that , in itself , is sexist .
Let ’s start off by looking at an explanation of why the “ power ” is in there ( Kristi is discussing racism , but the same argument applies to sexism ) :
That ‘+ power ’ portion of the equation is one of the most important parts .
This is not to say that the disenfranchised cannot be prejudiced , because many of them are , but without power , they are not actually working within the systematic framework of advantage created by the majority to privilege themselves .
Thus it is only “ racism ” if the person is capable of using that framework ; otherwise , it is prejudice .
[ Kristi ( Failure to Communicate ) : Prejudice .]
Now , before I say anything else , the obligatory disclaimer :
When feminists say that women ca n’t be sexist towards men , they are n’t saying that women being prejudiced against men is a good thing , or something that should be accepted .
Prejudice is bad and should not be accepted .
Now that that ’s out of the way , let ’s look at why feminists make a distinction between sexism and gender - based prejudice when the dictionary does not .
A running theme in a lot of feminist theory is that of institutional power : men as a class have it , women as a class do n’t .
Obviously the power dynamics do shift around depending on the culture and the time period ( not to mention the individual , the other privileges that the person does / does not have , etc etc ) , but ultimately the scales remain tipped in favor of men in general ( if you disagree with that statement , please go read the Why do we still need feminism ?
FAQ entry first before proceeding ) .
What this imbalance of power translates to on an individual level is a difference in the impact of a man being prejudiced towards a woman and a woman being prejudiced towards a man .
While both parties are human , and therefore have the same capacity to be hurt by the prejudice , whether they like it or not , the men have a whole system of history , traditions , assumptions , and in some cases legal systems and “ scientific ” evidence giving their words a weight that the women do n’t have access to .
Consider this analogy :
Personally , I mean in the little picture , this [ assertion that men can be victims ] is absolutely true .
As in the example below , a woman can absolutely fire a man because she does not like men … this is where we use the term “ prejudice . ”
This is mainly because she does n’t have anything institutional to back her up .
In the big picture , we are talking about grand narratives that say XYZ about women , or where certain behaviors are enacted disproportionately against women .
And it has something institutional behind it .
For instance , the overarching trend of not wanting to hire women between the ages of 25 and 35 because it ’s assumed that either a ) she wants a family or b ) she has a family and will the primary caretaker of the family so she will make a bad employee .
This , for purposes here , it ’s what called “ sexism ” .
It ’s just used to describe the big picture and not the small picture .
[ Comment by madamjolie ( Feminist ) : Definitions of Sexism .
Men are undoubtedly affected by sexism , but because of their privilege they do n’t experience it the same way that women do ; this difference in experience is acknowledged through the distinction of sexism versus gender - based prejudice .
For more discussion on this topic , please refer to the links under A deeper look at how sexism affects men .
Hostile versus benevolent sexism
Typically when people think of sexism , images of cartoon - like villains proclaiming , “ Men are stronger and more intelligent than women ! ” or “ A woman ’s place is in the home , barefoot and pregnant ! ” come to mind .
Other concepts that might be evoked are workplace and educational discrimination or the wage gap .
These adversarial approaches to gender relations are generally termed “ hostile sexism ” .
For the most part , people get why hostile sexism falls under the heading of “ sexism ” .
What ’s harder for people to understand as sexist practices , however , are ones that — on the surface — seem to be putting women in a positive light .
These beliefs are called “ benevolent sexism ” .
In other words :
Although benevolent sexism may sound oxymoronic , this term recognizes that some forms of sexism are , for the perpetrator , subjectively benevolent , characterizing women as pure creatures who ought to be protected , supported , and adored and whose love is necessary to make a man complete .
This idealization of women simultaneously implies that they are weak and best suited for conventional gender roles ; being put on a pedestal is confining , yet the man who places a woman there is likely to interpret this as cherishing , rather than restricting , her ( and many women may agree ) .
Despite the greater social acceptability of benevolent sexism , our research suggests that it serves as a crucial complement to hostile sexism that helps to pacify women ’s resistance to societal gender inequality .
[ Peter Glick and Susan Fiske ( American Psychologist Volume 56 ( 2 ) , February 2001 , p 109 –118 ) : “ An Ambivalent Alliance : Hostile and Benevolent Sexism as Complementary Justifications for Gender Inequality ” . ]
In some ways , benevolent sexism is more virulent than hostile sexism .
This is mainly because hostile sexism is often ( though not always ) recognized as such , and at least a certain amount of lip service is paid to minimizing it .
With benevolent sexism , it is not seen as sexism at all but rather a “ natural ” expression of being male or female ( see the But men and women are born different !
Is n’t that obvious ?
FAQ entry for an example of this ) .
Add this to the fact that many of the beliefs and practices of benevolent sexism do work out positively for those women whose values and desires are in line with the traits ascribed to women and men and it becomes easy to see why the traditions that make up benevolent sexism have been subject to so little mainstream critique .
Unintentional sexism
While there are many instances of intentional sexism — when the speaker is acting out of a conscious feeling that women are inferior and should be treated that way — the facts are that most sexism today are unintentional on the speaker ’s part .
You ’d be hard pressed to find people who would say that they do , in fact , believe that women are n’t as good as men .
But those same people who profess that they believe in equality will go on to say or do things that marginalize and otherwise trivialize the experiences of women .
The tendency to use intent , rather than result , to measure whether something was offensive and inappropriate ( and therefore sexist ) is tied into male privilege and the way that it enables sexist practices to be seen as normal .
Put in slightly different terms :
A lot of bigotry probably comes from a place of ignorance about The Other .
There ’s a tendency to assume that our experiences are similar to the experiences of Other People .
[ Roy , Blatant Sexism * Is n’t * Benign , Thank You Very Much … .]
The sexism that Roy is referring to is one born out of ignorance , not malice .
People tend to filter the world through their own experiences , but this can lead to sexism because there is still a lot of subtle ( and not so subtle ) sexism in our social environments .
Let ’s take an example of a male professor who likes and respects his female colleagues , but has noticed that there are much fewer of them than there are of his male colleagues .
It would be very easy for him to come to the conclusion that — since they obviously have the capabilities to succeed — women must have less drive to be in academia than men do .
That conclusion is sexist , but his intent was n’t .
The problem is that he has never experienced the discrimination first hand , so the natural approach , using himself and his experiences / thoughts as a frame of reference , wo n’t work because he has no basis for understanding what it takes for a woman to succeed in the academic track .
While intent is n’t wholly unimportant , it also should n’t be used an excuse not to examine one ’s own behaviors .
Continuing with the above example , let ’s say that the male professor muses to his female colleagues about the lack of women and how he thinks that most women are just not competitive enough to remain interested in pursuing a career in academia .
The women point out that his statement is sexist .
If he responds defensively that he was n’t intending to be sexist and therefore he could n’t be sexist , he loses the opportunity to revisit and reevaluate his beliefs while simultaneously communicating to the women that he feels that his opinion , as a man , on an issue that affects women is more valuable than theirs as women ( ie. people who are part of the group that ’s actually being discussed ) .
The best way that the male professor in this case could show his good intent would be to make the assumption that the women , who are the targets of sexism , are probably seeing something that he was not .
This also applies in cases when male allies , who spend their time studying subjects such as sexism , call out other men on sexist behavior .
From there it ’s a matter of the person who was called out trying to see what the feminists see and understand why they ’re seeing it .
In the end , though , the important thing to remember is that sexism is defined by the result , not the intent so when people are called out for having said something sexist , it ’s not a comment on their intent or character , but rather on the message that was conveyed .
Related Reading :
Introductory :
Amanda Marcotte ( Blogging Feminism ) : Blogging While Female In A Male - Dominated Blogosphere
Flora Davis ( University of Illinois Press , 1999 ) : Moving the Mountain : The Women ’s Movement in America Since 1960
Lorraine Code ( Cornell University Press , 1991 ) : What Can She Know ? : Feminist Theory and the Construction of Knowledge .
. Peter Glick and Susan Fiske ( American Psychologist Volume 56 ( 2 ) , February 2001 , p 109 –118 ) : “ An Ambivalent Alliance : Hostile and Benevolent Sexism as Complementary Justifications for Gender Inequality ”
Clarifying Concepts :
Defining sexism through a woman - centered lens :
The Feminist Dictionary insists on the primary reference to women ’s experience , defining ‘ sexism ’ as “ a social relationship in which males have authority over females ” ( citing Linda Phelps ) …
The contrast [ between common definitions and the above one ] demonstrates the term ’s political force in naming experiences “ central to women ’s lives , which [ were ] wordless for many years . ”
Introducing the term into common parlance made it easier to recognize ( =know ) and conceptualize the experiences for purposes of constructing strategies of opposition and resistance .
[ Code , Lorraine ( Cornell University Press , 1991 ) : What Can She Know ? : Feminist Theory and the Construction of Knowledge , p. 64 . ]
Problems with the dictionary definitions of sexism :
The Feminist ’s Dictonary ‘s discussion of ‘ sexism ’ is a case in point .
The authors cite the Macquarrie Dictionary definition of ‘ sexism ’ as “ the upholding or propagation of sexist attitudes , ” and its definition of a ‘ sexist attitude ’ as one that “ stereotypes a person according to gender or sexual preference , etc ” : definitions in which the word ’s specifically feminist origins and purposes are invisible .
[ Code , Lorraine ( Cornell University Press , 1991 ) : What Can She Know ? : Feminist Theory and the Construction of Knowledge , p. 64 . ]
On apologism enabling sexism :
This sort of attitude is interesting - it ’s essentially saying “ Because I did n’t know that I was being offensive , I ca n’t have been offensive . ”
Interestingly , I ’d guess that people engaging in this form of apologism do n’t mean to engage in apologism , either .
This kind of apologism ignores the ways that positions of relative power or authority can lead to bigotry , or how easy it can be to be ignorant about the experiences of other people when one is in a position of power .
It ’s easy not to notice how many people go hungry when you ’re feasting on steak every night .
[ Roy ( No Cookies For Me ) : Blatant Sexism * Is n’t* Benign , Thank You Very Much … .]
Another explanation of the difference between the -isms and prejudice :
Racism and Sexism are different from race - based or gender - based prejudice .
I do n’t have to have any particular power to hate a white person .
I do n’t have to be in any particular position in society to say nasty things to one on the street or give them dirty looks .
That ’s prejudice .
Based on race .
However , if I do any of these things , it does n’t really matter .
It might hurt a white person ’s feelings if I did that .
It might cause them momentary discomfort .
But that ’s about it .
That ’s not to minimize how you feel when these things happen to you , but it is to put those things in perspective .
Making you uncomfortable does not rise to the level of racism .
Racism is not merely a bad attitude toward people of another race .
Harassment is definitely wrong , and I ’m sorry you experience it .
Still , that ’s all it is .
[ the angry black woman ( The Angry Black Woman ) : International Blog Against Racism Week – Ask the ABW .]
Ambivalent sexism :
Ambivalent sexism is an ideology composed of both a “ hostile ” and “ benevolent ” prejudice toward women .
Hostile sexism is an antagonistic attitude toward women , who are often viewed as trying to control men through feminist ideology or sexual seduction .
Benevolent sexism is a chivalrous attitude toward women that feels favorable but is actually sexist because it casts women as weak creatures in need of men ’s protection .
[ S. Plous ( UnderstandingPrejudice.org ) : Frequently Asked Questions : Ambivalent Sexism .]
Types of hostile and ambivalent sexism :
Hostile and benevolent sexism consistently emerge as separate but positively correlated factors .
Furthermore , three benevolent sexism subfactors typically appear : protective paternalism ( e.g. , women ought to be rescued first in emergencies ) , complementary gender differentiation ( e.g. , women are purer than men ) , and heterosexual intimacy ( e.g. , every man ought to have a woman whom he adores ) .
Hostile sexism items also address power relations ( e.g. , women seek to gain power by getting control over men ) , gender differentiation ( e.g. , women are easily offended ) , and sexuality ( e.g. , many women get a kick out of teasing men by seeming sexually available and then refusing male advances ) , even though the factor structure of the Hostile Sexism scale has proved to be unidimensional in both the United States and elsewhere ( Glick & Fiske , 1996 ; Glick et al. , 2000 ) .
[ Peter Glick and Susan Fiske ( American Psychologist Volume 56 ( 2 ) , February 2001 , p 109 –118 ) : “ An Ambivalent Alliance : Hostile and Benevolent Sexism as Complementary Justifications for Gender Inequality ” . ]
Hostile and ambivalent sexism working together :
These results suggest that hostile and benevolent sexism can be simultaneously endorsed because they are directed at different female subtypes .
The complementarity of these ideologies ( and their sexist tone ) stems from how women are split into “ good ” and “ bad ” types ; women who fulfill conventional gender roles that serve men are placed on a pedestal and rewarded with benevolent solicitude , whereas women who reject conventional gender roles or attempt to usurp male power are rejected and punished with hostile sexism .
[ Peter Glick and Susan Fiske ( American Psychologist Volume 56 ( 2 ) , February 2001 , p 109 –118 ) : “ An Ambivalent Alliance : Hostile and Benevolent Sexism as Complementary Justifications for Gender Inequality ” . ]
On intent :
I find all the talk about ‘ intent ’ interesting , and for a couple of reasons .
First , it assumes that * everything * we do , we * intend * to do .
Nothing just kinda… happens .
And second , it assumes that if we did n’t intend whatever terrible consequence , we ca n’t be held responsible for it .
Which … bizarre .
And third , and this is particularly important in this case , it assumes that the only possible way for something to be sexist is for someone to * intend * it to be so .
And that * their * perception of the situation * counts * for more : it is the ‘ reality ’ .
The fact of the matter is , lots and lots and lots of sexism and racism and homophobia and ageism and ableism and so on happens without people being conscious of it , and often without ‘ intent ’ .
Why this should mean that those things do n’t exist is bizarre .
[ Comment by Wildly Parenthetical ( Feminist Gamers ) : “ I do not think it means what you think it means . ” .]
A deeper look at how sexism affects men :
Discussion on the usefulness of distinguishing sexism vs prejudice :
But why say that a man who has been discriminated against on the basis of his gender by a male supremacist power structure has n’t experienced sexism ?
What does that distinction get us ?
[ Comment by brooklynite ]
Because he is n’t being discriminated against for being male .
He ’s being discriminated against for being not -male .
The assumption inherant is that female is bad .
This assumption is sexist because it is harmful to women .
[ Comment by sabonasi ] Citation : brooklynite ( Definitions of Sexism . ) : comment thread
Sexism and compulsory gender roles :
And while a man ca n’t experience sexism , he can be limited by gender roles .
And gender roles are often sexist against women even if the limitation is being directed against a man .
i.e.
The OP in previous post was told that he needed to cut his hair to look more manly .
This implies that one needed to be a man to do the job , and this is sexist against women .
One way I look at it is to ask , “ Does the idea being presented have a backing in institutionalized sexism ? ”
[ Comment by sabonasi ( Feminist ) : Definitions of Sexism . .]
Gender - based prejudice and the concept that “ the patriarchy hurts men , too ” :
I agree that he did n’t experience “ sexism ” , but I think this is a perfect example of how “ phmt ” – and also yet another manifestation of patriarchy and misogyny , as the idea that he has to cut his hair to “ be a man ” is implying that long hair = woman and woman = bad / something not to be or look like .
[ Comment by goodlookinout ( Feminist ) : Sexism .]
Did You Know ?
Personal Quote :
My intention , whether it 's fictional or not , is a retreat back to making small , personal visions .
See more
My intention , whether it 's fictional or not , is a retreat back to making small , personal visions .
Trivia : He and See more He and Dan Aykroyd , are the only two men to direct themselves in performances that " won " them a Razzie Award for Worst Supporting Actor .
Shyamalan " won " the award for , and also directed , the film Das Mädchen aus dem Wasser ( 2006 ) .
Trademark : Often works with particular actors twice in consecutive movies .
For example Bruce Willis in The Sixth Sense and Unbreakable , both Joaquin Phoenix and Cherry Jones in Signs and The Village , and Bryce Dallas Howard in The Village and Lady in the Water .
See more Often works with particular actors twice in consecutive movies .
For example Bruce Willis in The Sixth Sense and Unbreakable , both Joaquin Phoenix and Cherry Jones in Signs and The Village , and Bryce Dallas Howard in The Village and Lady in the Water .
Some 12 - year - olds are concerned with having the newest jeans or knowing the latest celebrity gossip .
Twelve - year - old Billy Schopf , of Whitehall Township , is concerned with saving the environment .
Schopf invented a wind - powered generator for electric and solar car batteries , which makes solar - powered cars more efficient .
He is awaiting a patent on his idea .
Schopf came up with the idea for the Inventor Club at the
in Allentown .
By early 2011 , Schopf should find out if his patent is approved , according to Frank Schweighardt , of the science center .
Read Rebecca
Dewey 's full story
:
.
Enlarge Bill Gates , left , and Warren Buffett at a question - and - answer session at the University of Nebraska in Lincoln in 2006 .
SEATTLE  Microsoft ( MSFT ) co-founder Bill Gates and billionaire investor Warren Buffett are launching a campaign to get other American billionaires to give at least half their wealth to charity .
Patty Stonesifer , former CEO of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation , told The Associated Press Wednesday that Gates and Buffett have been campaigning for the past year to get others to donate the bulk of their wealth .
The friends and philanthropic colleagues are asking people to pledge to donate either during their lifetime or at the time of their death .
The handful of billionaires approached so far have embraced the campaign , said Stonesifer , a close friend of Gates who offered to speak about the effort .
Four wealthy couples have already announced their pledges , including Los Angeles philanthropists Eli and Edythe Broad , Gerry and Marguerite Lenfest of Philadelphia , John and Ann Doerr of Menlo Park , Calif. , and John and Tasha Mortgridge of San Jose , Calif .
Gates and Buffett are calling their campaign " The Giving Pledge . "
Buffett , chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway , said in a letter introducing the concept that he could n't be happier with his decision in 2006 to give 99 % of his roughly $ 46 billion fortune to charity .
Buffett 's plan will eventually split most of his shares of his Omaha , company between five charitable foundations , with the largest chunk going to the Gates Foundation .
Besides Buffett 's pledge to the foundation , he also plans to give Class B Berkshire shares to the Susan Thompson Buffett Foundation , which he and his late first wife started , and the three foundations run by his three children .
Buffett said in 2006 that his other 73,332 Class A shares of Berkshire stock , worth about $ 8 billion , would also go to philanthropy , but he did n't spell out how those shares would be distributed .
Bill and Melinda Gates have made a similar pledge through the establishment of their Seattle - based foundation .
Gates and Buffett are asking each individual or couple who make a pledge to do so publicly , with a letter explaining their decision .
" The pledge is a moral commitment to give , not a legal contract .
It does not involve pooling money or supporting a particular set of causes or organizations , " they explain in a written statement about the project .
AP Business Writer Josh Funk in Omaha contributed to this report .
Copyright 2010 The Associated Press .
All rights reserved .
This material may not be published , broadcast , rewritten or redistributed .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
June 26 , 2009 , 5:06 PM
It should n’t really be surprising that I was dreaming about Lee Ann Taylor .
She and I had been eyeing each other for weeks , ever since my relationship with Vicky Gordon fell apart .
There was no question but that we would look good together .
I ’m just an inch shy of six feet tall and she fit nicely under my chin .
We were both slender – of course , she was only slender in the proper places ; no true girl watcher could complain about her curves – and her light skin and hair made an attractive contrast with my own darker complexion .
I knew that there was some long - distance boyfriend involved , but her friend Chandra something - or - other had assured me that he was about to be history .
I figured that I had a very good chance of making Lee Ann my girlfriend in time for House Parties this fall and , well , the things she had said to me before midterm break would have given any guy fantasies .
Besides , she had apparently been with this soon - to - be - ex - boyfriend for nearly three years , which I found rather impressive .
My longest relationship so far was the six months with Vicky , and I was still unsure how we had just managed to fall out of love with each other .
Lee
Ann seemed like a pretty good bet for something longer term .
I would have loved to indulge in the fantasy a bit longer .
It was the first day of my break , after all , and I had earned the right to sleep in , but my little sister Tina apparently had other ideas .
At least I was pretty sure I had heard her say , “ Do n’t forget that you promised to drive me to choir practice this morning , Marshall . ”
I definitely did not remember making any such promise , but I had been tired when I came home last night , so anything was possible .
At any rate , the first thing I saw when I forced open one sleepy eye was the dress hanging on the closet door .
Finding clothes hanging there was hardly unusual ; I tend to hang my clothes outside my closet the night before so that I can get dressed in the morning without waking up enough to make decisions .
It saves time and , on at least one occasion , embarrassment .
But a dress ?
My first thought was that I was n’t actually alone in the bed .
It was a hopeful thought , considering that I had now been celibate for almost a month , but it did n’t make sense – I was n’t dating anyone at the moment and I was n’t the kind of guy to bring home a girl I had n’t been dating , and in any event I would n’t have a girlfriend in my bed in front of my parents .
That meant that the dress must be for me , which meant that it was n’t real – I was obviously still dreaming .
If I had been able to focus on the rest of my bedroom , I might have learned more , but it was pretty hard to look anywhere but at that dress .
The most logical conclusion , of course , was that I had somehow woken up as Lee Ann herself .
It was n’t exactly obvious to me why I would have dreamed of being her , rather than being with her , but who was I to argue ?
I looked down for confirmation , and sure enough , I was dressed in feminine nightclothes .
Now , I do n’t know – yet – what Lee Ann wears to bed , but Vicky had favored a T - shirt and panties , while another of my ex-girlfriends had tended to sweatpants .
None of them had worn a nightgown of the type I had dreamed up , which actually looked more like something Mom or Tina would have worn .
For that matter , the dress itself was a lot more modest than I ’d ever seen Lee Ann wear .
Dreams , I ’m told , are supposed to be attempts by your subconscious to work out things that are bothering you , and my inability to sustain a long - term relationship would have had to be on top of my list .
Since Lee
Ann had been successful at this , presumably I was going to try a day in her shoes , to see how .
But somehow I was going to do it in my own home and my sister ’s clothes .
Ah well , dreams do n’t really have to make sense now , do they ?
Speaking of shoes , I could see a pair of high - heeled ones sitting below the dress .
I could tell where they must have come from .
In the movie Switch , Steve Brooks gets reincarnated as a woman , and has incredible problems trying to wear high - heeled shoes .
I think I ’d seen the same gag used in other such situations , so naturally I had to dream of wearing them myself in this case .
I do n’t know how often Lee Ann wore heels ; her feet had never been the first place I had looked at , or the second , for that matter .
At any rate , the logic of my dream meant that I was going to have to wear them for a while .
Dressing was n’t all that bad .
I ’d seen how my girlfriends had put on their bras , for example , and it was more logic than dexterity – fasten in front , spin the thing around and cup yourself in .
A piece of cake .
The dress was actually tougher , since I had to figure out how to zip it up in the back after I had put it on .
I tried the zip - in - front trick , but once it was zipped , it was too tight to spin , so I had to unzip it and try again .
In the end , I resorted to a brute - force approach .
My arms were suddenly much more limber than they had any right to be , and I could actually reach the zipper pretty much all the way up , either from below or above .
In real life , I would never have been able to get my hands to the middle of my back .
Once dressed , I had to tackle the shoes .
Despite what the movies show , I ’ve never actually seen a girl have trouble with high heels .
Clearly then , it could n’t be all that difficult .
I had to experiment a bit before figuring out the trick .
There are several strategy games and puzzles where the trap is that you have to ignore one of your assets , as any strategy that uses them is guaranteed to be a loser .
That principal obviously applied here as well .
The little spike at the back of the shoe is clearly way too unstable to support your weight while walking , so you need to pretend it ’s just not there .
It felt a bit strange walking on my tiptoes high enough to keep the spikes from hitting the ground , but it worked .
After just a few practice laps in my room , I was able to walk more or less naturally .
It was n’t as funny as the inept boy - turned - girl awkwardness , but probably a lot more realistic .
It was n’t until I reached for my doorknob that I realized that anything I had believed would work probably would have , that being the way of dream logic .
There was a purse hanging from the doorknob , so I grabbed that , too , as it seemed to be part of the package .
I smiled to myself as I made my way to the kitchen , imagining how Mom and Tina would react to Lee Ann joining them for breakfast .
Would they think I had brought her home to spend the week ?
I ’d never actually introduced any of my girlfriends to my parents , although Vicky had spent a week while Mom and Dad were on vacation .
I ’d had enough trouble without adding the complications of familial perusal to my relationships .
Was that the point of the dream ?
That if I had just trusted my girlfriends enough to have them meet my family , it would have helped ?
Or that if I had trusted my family enough to introduce them to the girls I was dating , that I would n’t have felt guilty ?
Had I been unconsciously sabotaging my own relationships rather than risk an introduction ?
I was generating lots of questions , but not getting too many answers .
And I did n’t get one from their reactions .
They did n’t even notice that I was a girl at all , much less one they did n’t know !
Tina waved from across the table without looking up and informed me that we had to leave in fifteen minutes .
Mom just kissed me on the cheek and said , “ Good morning , Marsh .
Thanks for driving your sister . ”
Then she looked at me , oddly , which made me wonder if she had noticed , after all , but all she said was , “ You ’re not going out like that , I hope ? ”
“ I ’m not planning on seeing anybody , ” I told her , “ and I ’m on break . ”
But I ran my fingers through my hair to brush it back .
It did n’t exactly satisfy her , but she looked as though she did n’t think it worth arguing with me .
It was really odd to feel hair as long as Lee Ann’s , and yet have my lack of morning grooming the only thing she ’d found worth commenting on .
What was I supposed to read into that ?
And why did I see myself as Lee Ann , while they saw me as myself ?
I studied them for clues .
Mom ’s a bit fairer than I ; my olive skin comes from Dad , as does my height .
Mom ’s about a head shorter than either of us , and Tina is essentially a 15 - year - old carbon copy of her .
Both were intent on nothing more than breakfast .
Neither showed that they had noticed anything amiss .
There was probably something meaningful in that , but it was n’t clear to me what .
Since we had time , I poured myself a bowl of cereal and grabbed the comics .
It all seemed perfectly normal – except for the whole , ‘ me being a girl and nobody noticing ’ bit , of course .
Tina was studying sheet music and listening to something , presumably the choral pieces , on her iPod .
Mom was bustling about the kitchen , apparently having found something that needed to be cleaned up .
With nothing particular to occupy my mind , I suddenly noticed something – or rather , failed to notice something .
As a guy , I had always been aware of a presence between my legs , a constant and comforting bulk .
It was easy to ignore since it was always there ; now , suddenly , it was not .
That made perfect sense , of course .
I just wondered why magical gender transformation stories never mentioned it .
I congratulated my imagination on finding a new wrinkle on what was seemingly a very old story type , or at least one I could n’t remember having read anywhere .
Finally , Tina was ready to go .
As her chauffeur for the day , I followed her to Mom ’s car , tiptoeing my way .
I was definitely getting better at it , although I could see that there must be more to it .
Her own heels did n’t seem to be clearing the ground at all , and it even looked as though she was actually putting her weight on them , impossible as that might sound .
Once in the car , I discovered another problem .
There was just no way to control the pedals with these spikes sticking out of my heels .
Fortunately , the shoes came off pretty easily , and I applied the gas with a bare foot .
It occurred to me , way too late , that girls tended to wear something on their feet – socks or stockings or something similar , although I do n’t know if that would have made a difference .
The rough pedal was very uncomfortable on bare skin .
What was needed was a detachable heel – one that could come off for driving , and be restored for walking and standing .
It was clear that I was missing something really obvious .
Logically , the belated discovery that financial consumer protection needs to be increased might have led to increased powers for the S.E.C. , which was created to protect investors .
But it stumbled badly in recent years , and that idea does not seem to have occurred to anyone .
Ms. Shapiro ’s move this week was to do something that sounds just like what Ms. Warren would propose for banks : bring fees out into the open , so everyone can see them .
The S.E.C. proposed rules to change the cozy system that lets “ no load ” mutual funds charge sales fees , known in the business as 12 b - 1 fees , that are taken from an investor ’s profits year after year .
Under the proposal , the fees would be above board , and differing brokers selling funds could discount them if they chose to compete that way .
The commission will soon move to consider the issue of whether to require brokers to have a “ fiduciary duty ” to investors , meaning they would have to offer advice they believed to be in the customer ’s best interest .
Such consideration is required by the new law , and how far the commission goes could help to determine just how consumer - oriented it is .
The most notable enforcement case of Ms. Shapiro ’s tenure can be read as an indication that she cares deeply about such issues .
Under current law , brokers serving retail investors are held to a limited standard requiring that investments be “ suitable ” to the buyer .
But brokers for institutional investors have not faced even that minimal rule .
That freed brokers to let clients view them as trusted advisers when pitching an investment .
If and when the product blows up , the broker disclaims any responsibility for the bad investment decision made by the customer .
The broker was simply a “ counterparty ” who took the other side of a trade that the customer wanted to do .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
A Haitian government video shows the moment the 7.0 magnitude earthquake struck in January , and shows parts of the palace crumbling under the impact .
The video was released by the Haitian government at a recent conference on the future of Haiti in the Dominican Republic .
The massive quake killed more than 300,000 people and left many more homeless .
I am posting this episode from Italy at The Villa Prosdocimi where I am producing a few rock projects .
I thought it might be interesting for some of you to see the miking techniques I used to recording two different drummers .
One sets his five piece kit up in a traditional way , and the other is set up very similar to Travis Barker from the band Blink - 182 .
Embed
To watch on your ipod , download the m4v file
The World from Berlin ' Referenda Would Be Good for German Democracy '
Following a successful referendum in Bavaria on Sunday to ban smoking in restaurants and bars , many Germans are calling for the creation of plebiscites on the national level .
German commentators say that the country may be ready for more direct democracy , despite negative historical experiences .
Another Giulietta , this time the Sprint Speciale .
Styled by Bertone , this car was designed with competition use in mind .
In its final guise it had a 126 bhp , 1570 cc engine
Not only did the Democrats win that race , but the Democrats have been dominating the Republicans in special elections : .
The Democrats are the ones winning [ special elections ] -- four straight this cycle ( PA - 12 , NY - 23 , CA - 10 , NY - 20 ) and seven since 2008 ( IL - 14 , MS - 1 , LA - 6 ) .
What do you think would happen , if the Republicans were to finally win a special election ?
That 's right : the AP ignores all the Democratic victories , to create the impression of a GOP wave ( emphasis added ) :
HONOLULU – Republicans scored a midterm election victory Saturday when Honolulu City Councilman Charles Djou won a Democratic - held House seat in Hawaii in the district where President Barack Obama grew up — the latest triumph for the GOP as it looks to take back control of Congress .
Djou 's victory was a blow to Obama and other Democrats ...[ in ] a congressional race that should have been a cakewalk
Maybe I just missed its coverage on PA - 12 , but I do n't recall the AP describing the GOP 's loss of that " congressional race that should have been a cakewalk " as a " blow " to its electoral prospects .
Republicans see the victory as a powerful statement about their momentum heading into November .
Does anybody recall the AP making this kind of observation , when the Dems were winning PA - 12 , NY - 23 , CA - 10 , NY - 20 , IL - 14 , MS - 1 and LA -6 ?
Finally , check out this " objective journalism " from the AP " reporters " :
[ The GOP candidate ] ... ran a disciplined campaign focused on taxes and government spending at a time when Hawaii 's tourism - driven economy remains troubled , with the state facing a $ 1 billion deficit , large cuts to state programs and workers and an unemployment rate that has nearly doubled in the last three years .... ..... He burnished his conservative bona fides during the campaign , making appearances at Hawaii 's tea party protest and on Fox News Channel for an interview with host Sean Hannity .
His message was clear :
Taxes are too high , the federal government has grown too large , and wasteful government spending hinders economic prosperity .
When I read the above , I did n't even think about it .
The words just leaped out of my mouth :
Are you fucking kidding me ?!
UPDATE
A blast from the past , for Kossacks who were n't here when the AP 's agenda was clearly revealed back in 2008 :
The Associated Press Continues With Their Hack - Style Journalism
UPDATE2
I live in New Zealand , so I was asleep when you put me on the rec list .
Thank you all very much !
Video footage showing Ian Tomlinson being struck by a police officer guardian .co.uk
The police officer caught on video during last year 's G20 protests striking a man who later died will not face criminal charges , the Crown Prosecution Service announced today .
Keir Starmer , the director of public prosecutions , said there was " no realistic prospect " of a conviction , because of a conflict between the postmortem examinations carried out after the death of Ian Tomlinson last year .
The newspaper seller died following the demonstrations on 1 April 2009 in central London .
The official account that he died from a heart attack was undermined when the Guardian obtained video footage showing a riot officer striking the 47 - year - old with a baton and shoving him to the ground shortly before he collapsed and died .
In a written statement the CPS admitted that there was sufficient evidence to bring a charge of assault against the officer , but claimed a host of technical reasons meant he could not be charged .
Tomlinson 's stepson Paul King , flanked by his mother , Julia , said : " It 's been a huge cover - up and they 're incompetent . "
King said : " He [ Starmer ] has just admitted on TV that a copper assaulted our dad .
But he has n't done anything .
He 's the man in charge ... why has n't he charged him ?
" They knew that if they dragged this out long enough , they would avoid charges .
They knew just what they were doing .
They 've pulled us through a hedge backwards – now we have to go on living our lives . "
The family solicitor , Jules Carey , said the decision was a disgrace and Tomlinson 's relatives would be considering whether they could mount an appeal .
" Clearly it is a disgraceful decision , " he said .
" We now need to find out if there has been a lack of will or incompetence , and frankly there needs to be an inquiry into that . "
The family , who went to the headquarters of the CPS in London to be told of the decision , had wanted a charge of manslaughter to be brought against the officer , who was named in media reports as PC Simon Harwood .
CPS decision
In a detailed letter setting out its reasons , the CPS said that the actions of the officer – seen striking Tomlinson with a baton then shoving him to the ground in the footage – were grounds for bringing a charge of assault .
It said : " The CPS concluded that there is sufficient evidence to provide a reasonable prospect of proving that the actions of PC ' A ' in striking Mr Tomlinson with his baton and then pushing him over constituted an assault .
At the time of those acts Mr Tomlinson did not pose a threat …
There is sufficient evidence to provide a realistic prospect of proving that his actions were disproportionate and unjustified . "
But the CPS went on to explain the obstacles to a prosecution posed by the subsequent postmortems .
The first police account , that he died from a heart attack , was confirmed by a pathologist , Freddy Patel , in the initial postmortem .
But a second postmortem , conducted by Dr Nat Carey on behalf of the Independent Police Complaints Commission ( IPCC ) , found Tomlinson had died from internal bleeding .
Today the CPS said it could not bring a manslaughter charge because the conflicting medical evidence meant prosecutors " would simply not be able to prove beyond reasonable doubt that there was a causal link between Mr Tomlinson 's death and the alleged assault on him " .
It said it could not bring a charge for criminal assault because too much time had elapsed ; a charge must be brought within six months .
The CPS also ruled out bringing charges of actual bodily harm and misconduct in public office .
Tomlinson had his hands in his pockets and his back to the officer when he was hit .
The video footage suggests that no other police officer went to his aid and it was left to a bystander to lift him to his feet .
He appeared to stumble about 100 metres down Cornhill , clutching his side , before collapsing a second time .
Police initially led Tomlinson 's wife and nine children to believe he died of a heart attack after being caught up in the demonstration .
In statements to the press , police claimed attempts by officers to save his life by resuscitation had been impeded by protesters .
The IPCC said it would now pass its file to the Met , which will consider whether the officer should be disciplined .
An inquest will examine the circumstances of Tomlinson 's death and the case could be reconsidered by prosecutors after it is concluded .
A Metropolitan police spokesman said the force offered its " sincere regret " over the death of Tomlinson .
He said the officer could still face misconduct proceedings once the force receives the IPCC report .
The CPS announcement comes five years to the day since another landmark incident involving police use of force .
On 22 July 2005 , officers shot dead Jean Charles de Menezes after mistaking him for a terrorist who was about to detonate a bomb .
Then , the family of the innocent Brazilian criticised the CPS for failing to bring criminal charges against any individual .
The investigations
The Tomlinson family have criticised the time it took the CPS to reach its decision .
The first investigation was conducted by the IPCC .
Its officials are understood to have reached a clear view as to whether enough evidence existed to support criminal charges .
They were able to complete their inquiries in just four months and submitted a file to the CPS by August .
Key to the investigation were hundreds of hours of footage and thousands of images shot by bystanders at the protest , which enabled them to piece together Tomlinson 's last 30 minutes alive .
CPS officials had assured the family they would decide on whether to prosecute the officer – and on what charge – by Christmas 2009 .
The CPS has given various explanations for the delays , and claims it has had to return to the IPCC for clarification several times on different issues .
It is also understood that there have been complications surrounding the evidence of an expert witness .
The IPCC itself was late in mounting an inquiry , claiming there was nothing suspicious about the death for almost a week until the release of footage of the incident obtained by the Guardian forced a U - turn .
GMC hearing
Patel is facing the General Medical Council accused of giving questionable verdicts on four causes of deaths , several of which later turned out to be suspicious .
Dr Carey , who carried out the second postmortem examination on Tomlinson , today criticised Patel at the GMC , where Patel 's disciplinary hearing began last week .
The hearing focuses on his actions during postmortem examinations of a four - week - old baby , a five - year - old girl and two women .
The panel was told that Carey had been called to examine the exhumed body of the five - year - old after concerns were raised about the initial recorded cause of death .
Patel had concluded there were " no significant marks of violence " .
But Carey said the death was due to a " severe head injury " likely to have been inflicted by the " actions of a third party " .
At the start of this afternoon 's evidence , the panel was told by the hearing 's legal adviser to ignore any of today 's media reports involving Patel , who denies misconduct .
Update : The Kindle for Android app is now available to the masses , and can be found via a simple market query for “ Kindle ” or the QR code below .
The app appears as it does in the preview ; upon booting it offers up a registration / sign in screen .
Upon sign - in , the app pulls your purchased books from Amazon ’s Kindle Bookstore servers and transfers them to your device .
A link to a mobile - optimized version of the Kindle Bookstore is available by a press of the menu button while in the app .
Amazon has also offered up new details on features the Kindle for Android app intends to eventually deliver on :
Future Improvements
We hope you are enjoying this version of Kindle for Android and the large selection of Kindle books that are available in the Kindle Store .
As with all our services , we will continue to improve Kindle for Android .
Below are some features to be added in the near future : Search
You will be able to search for content within your books
You will be able to search for content within your books Store
A rich interface for searching and browsing the Kindle catalog within the app
A rich interface for searching and browsing the Kindle catalog within the app Dictionary
View word definitions while reading
View word definitions while reading Zoom images
Select an image to see an expanded view We 'd also like to hear from you .
Please share your thoughts , feedback , and comments with us .
You can send them to the Kindle team at [ email protected ] - we 'd love to hear what you think !
Sincerely ,
The Kindle team
Questions ?
Comments ?
Have something to say about the Kindle app ?
Drop us a line below !
Original Article :
As previously reported , a Kindle app for Android devices has been in the works for some time .
Now , with the announcement of the Samsung Galaxy S ( aka Vibrant ) for T - Mobile , it appears a concrete release date exists .
If you read the press release ( copied below ) carefully , you may have noticed that on July 21st , T - Mobile ’s Vibrant will ship with the Kindle for Android app pre-installed .
While it is not yet known when exactly the app will be available on the Android Market , it is safe to assume that if it does not make a public appearance outside of the Vibrant on or before July 21st , the Android development community will provide bookworms their fix in a timely manner .
Amazon appears to have cherry - picked hardware for the Kindle for Android app ’s debut ; the Galaxy S is arguably the most powerful Android device to date , and sports a 4 ” Super AMOLED screen that offers enhanced ( perhaps the best of any Android device ) visibility in bright environments .
More details as they emerge .
Here is the press release that mentions the Kindle app .
We have highlighted the relevant parts in bold :
As we play more loudly , we increase the pressure ( which moves the operating point to the right ) and we also increase the range of pressure .
This means that the ( larger ) section of the curve we use is no longer approximately linear .
This produces an asymmetric oscillation .
It is no longer a sine wave , so its spectrum has more higher harmonics .
( Centre diagram . )
Have a look at the spectra for different dynamic levels on the note A# 3 .
Observe that the increase in the level of higher harmonics is much greater than that in the fundamental .
( Actually , these diagrams are for a clarinet with hypothetically constant bite force . )
When we blow even harder , the valve closes for part of the part of the cycle when the pressure in the mouthpiece is low due to the standing wave inside the instrument .
So the flow is zero for part of the cycle .
The resultant waveform is ' clipped ' on one side ( diagram at right ) , and contains even more high harmonics .
As well as making the timbre brighter , add more harmonics makes the sound louder as well , because the higher harmonics fall in the frequency range where our hearing is most sensitive ( See What is a decibel ? for details ) .
While talking about decibels , we should mention that spectra , including those on our saxophone site are usually shown on a decibel scale .
This means that one notices easily on the spectrum a harmonic that is say 20 dB weaker than the fundamental , even though it has 10 times less pressure and 100 times less power .
What is important is that your ear notices it too , because of the frequency dependence referred to above .
However , it is much more difficult to notice the presence of harmonics if you look at the waveform .
Soon after this page went up , saxophonists wanted to know a lot more about playing more loudly .
Usually , blowing harder makes it louder : more pressure times more flow gives more power .
Further , blowing harder eventually takes you into the non-linear and clipping ranges that produce stronger high harmonics , and therefore a sound that is both louder and brighter .
However , if you blow too hard , you close the reed completely and it stays closed .
A hard reed requires greater pressure differences to bend , and so allows you to blow harder without entering the non-linear or clipping ranges .
On the other hand , the smaller nonlinearity makes the sound more mellow ( and therefore less loud , all else equal ) .
This is complicated by the embouchure : because of the curvature of the lay , the position where you place your lower lip and how hard you bite makes a difference to the effective length and therefore stiffness of the reed .
It 's like a lever whose fulcrum is moved .
Mouthpiece design also influences the amplitude at which non-linear or clipping ranges begin : a mouthpiece with an obstruction near the reed tip becomes less linear at lower pressures and so produces the brighter ( harsher ? ) and louder sound beloved of some saxophonists .
Alright , I admit it , I have such a mouthpiece in the case , too .
Many examples of sound spectra are given on the data base .
To compare spectra at different loudness , go here .
Control parametes for playing
The saxophone is a ' closed ' pipe
For the purposes of this simple introduction to saxophone acoustics , we shall now make some serious approximations .
First , we shall pretend that it is a simple conical pipe – in other words we shall assume that all holes are closed ( down to a certain point , at least ) , that the bore is conical , and that the mouthpiece end is completely closed .
This is a crude approximation , but it preserves much of the essential physics , and it is easier to discuss .
Of course the saxophone does n't come to a sharp point : it has a mouthpiece .
The mouthpiece is shorter and fatter than the cone it replaces , and it has approximately the same volume .
At left is a schematic of a soprano saxophone , an idealised conical bore and a truncated cone .
At right is a photo of a Yamaha soprano saxophone .
The larger saxophones are bent to bring the keys within comfortable reach of the hands .
The bends make only modest differences to the sound , so we shall picture straight saxophones in the diagrams here .
This link shows modern Yamaha soprano and tenor saxes , with a metre rule .
This link shows three experienced saxophones ( sop , alto and tenor ) from the author 's collection .
The natural vibrations of the air in the saxophone , the ones that cause it to play notes , are due to standing waves .
( If you need an introduction to this important concept , see standing waves . )
What are the standing waves that are possible in such a tube ?
To answer the question , we must take into account the fact that the saxophone is approximately conical .
This means that sound waves ' spread out ' as they travel down the bell .
This means that the amplitude of the waves gets smaller as we go from mouthpiece to bell .
The fact that the saxophone is open to the air at the far end means that the total pressure at that end of the pipe must be approximately atmospheric pressure .
In other words , the acoustic pressure ( the variation in pressure due to sound waves ) is zero .
The mouthpiece end , on the other hand , can have a maximum variation in pressure : it is an antinode in pressure .
If we were dealing with a cylindrical pipe ( such as a flute or clarinet ) , where the standing waves are sinusoidal , we would expect the maximum and the zero of a wave to be one quarter wavelength apart .
But the variation in the amplitude of the wave due to the variation in cross sectional area complicates the story .
So we have devoted a whole page to comparing cylindrical and conical pipes and , if you want the details , you should read that page now .
However , the result is this : the standing waves in a cone of length L have wavelengths of 2L , L , 2L/3 , L/2 , 2L /5 ... in other words 2L /n , where n is a whole number .
The wave with wavelength 2L is called the fundamental , that with 2L / 2 is called the second harmonic , and that with 2L / n the nth harmonic .
The frequency equals the wave speed divided by the wavelength , so this longest wave corresponds to the lowest note on the instrument :
Ab on a Bb saxophone , Db on an Eb saxophone .
( See standard note names , and remember that saxophones are transposing instruments , so that the written low Bb3 is actually Ab2 for a tenor saxophone in Bb , Db3 for an alto in Eb , and Ab3 for a soprano in Bb.
Hereafter we refer only to the written pitch . )
You might want to measure the length of your instrument , take v = 345 m/s for sound in warm , moist air , and calculate the expected frequency .
Do you get a better answer if you use the real length , or if you use the length of the cone made by extrapolating back to a point ?
Then check the answer in the note table .
The acoustic response of wind instruments is often quantified using the acoustic impedance spectrum , which we discuss below .
This specifies how hard it is to make air vibrate at a given frequency , or what acoustic pressure is produced by air vibration at a given frequency .
Saxophones operate at peaks in the impedance .
The graphs above right show the impedance spectra for low Bb on a soprano and a tenor .
The instrument will play several of these peaks – called bugling .
Harmonics
So , with all of the holes closed , you can play the lowest note : ( written ) Bb3 , with a wavelength somewhat more than twice the length of the instrument .
With this fingering , however , you can also play other notes by overblowing – by changing your embouchure and changing the blowing pressure .
The harmonic series on Bb3 is shown below .
How the reed and pipe work together
When the saxophone is playing , the reed is vibrating at one particular frequency .
But , especially if the vibration is large , as it is when playing loudly , it generates harmonics ( see What is a sound spectrum ? ) .
These set up , and are in turn reinforced by , standing waves .
Consequently , the sound spectrum has strong components at harmonics of the fundamental being played .
For notes in the low range of the instrument , there are usually resonances at the frequencies of some of the harmonics .
These result in greater radiation of the sound at those frequencies .
In the high range of the instrument , the higher resonances do not systematically fall near harmonics of the note being played .
See the data base of saxophone acoustics for examples .
Register holes are discussed in more detail on the page about clarinet acoustics .
See more about register holes on the clarinet page .
Spectrum of the saxophone
o
o
o
Opening tone holes
For the moment , we can say the an open tone hole is almost like a ' short circuit ' to the outside air , so the first open tone hole acts approximately as though the saxophone were ' sawn off ' near the location of the tone hole .
This approximation is crude , and in practice the wave extends somewhat beyond the first open tone hole : an end effect .
( For the technically minded , we could continue the electrical analogy by saying that the air in the open tone hole has inertia and is therefore actually more like a low value inductance .
The impedance of an inductor in electricity , or an inertance in acoustics , is proportional to frequency .
So the tone hole behaves more like a short circuit at low frequencies than at high .
This leads to the possibility of cross fingering , which we have studied in more detail in classical and baroque flutes . )
The frequency dependence of this end effect means that the higher note played with a particular fingering has a larger end effect than does the corresponding note in the lower register .
If the saxophone really were a perfect cone with tone holes , then the registers would be out of tune : the intervals would be too narrow .
This effect is removed primarily by the the shape and volume of the mouthpiece .
Register holes
A small hole can serve as a register hole .
For instance , if you play E4 ( call this frequency f o ) and then push the octave key , you are opening a hole part way down the ( closed part of the ) instrument .
This hole disturbs the resonance that supports the fundamental of E4 , but has little effect on the higher harmonics , so the saxophone ' jumps up ' to E5 ( 2f o ) .
Where to put it ?
The acoustically obvious place to put a register hole is at a pressure node of the upper note which is also a region of large pressure variation for the lower note .
Opening the bore to atmospheric pressure at a pressure node makes no difference to that note .
The trouble is that each note in the upper register has its pressure node at a different position .
One can imagine a saxophone that had a separate register hole for each note , but that would be a lot of keys .
In fact , only two register holes are used for the second register from D5 to F # 6 .
This is of course a compromise : the register hole is never at the pressure node of the standing wave of the required upper note .
This is not a big problem in practice .
The register hole is small , so it is not really a ' short circuit ' , except at low frequencies .
So it does not too much affect the higher frequency standing waves .
( We explain how the mass of the air seals the hole at high frequencies below . )
It does however disrupt the fundamental , and that is its purpose : to stop the instrument dropping down to its bottom register .
This figure shows the effect of the register key on the acoustic impedance spectrum of a soprano sax .
The first peak in the continuous curve is the resonance that controls the standing wave that produces the note A4 .
Opening the register hole both weakens and detunes that resonance , so the second resonance dominates .
For more detail , see the paper by Chen , Smith and Wolfe .
Just in case you have n't noticed on your own saxophone , the octave key is automated : one key opens one or other of two register holes , according to whether or not the third finger of the left hand is depressed .
So the upper register hole ( right at the top near the mouthpiece ) opens for notes above G#5 , whereas from D5 to G # 5 the lower hole is used .
This is an example of a mechanical logic gate , which is well worth examining closely .
The octave keys on oboes are only partly automated and on bassoons --- trust me , you do n't want to know .
The octave key register holes are used from D5 to F # 6 .
In higher registers , other register holes are used .
( Some players use the key for F6 as a register hole .
This hole is designed primarily as a tone hole , so it is bigger than it need or should be for an ideal register hole .
Some players adjust the mechanism for the alternate F6 fingering so that it opens that hole only a little way .
This improves its performance as a register hole , but compromises the intonation of the alternate high F fingering . )
Cross fingering
An open tone hole connects the bore to the air outside , whose acoustic pressure is approximately zero .
But the connection is not a ' short circuit ' : the air in and near the tone hole has mass and requires a force to be moved .
So the pressure inside the bore under a tone hole is not at zero acoustic pressure , and so the standing wave in the instrument extends a little way past the first open tone hole .
( There 's more about this effect under Cut - off frequencies . )
Closing a downstream hole extends the standing wave even further and so increases the effective length of the instrument for that fingering , which makes the resonant frequencies lower and the pitch flatter .
The effect of cross fingerings is frequency dependent .
The extent of the standing wave beyond an open hole increases with the frequency , especially for small holes , because it takes more force to move the air in the tone hole at high frequencies .
This has the effect of making the effective length of the bore increase with increasing frequency .
As a result , the resonances at higher frequencies tend to become flatter than strict harmonic ratios .
Because the saxophone 's tone holes are large , cross fingerings have relatively little effect on the pitch in the first two registers .
Nevertheless , comparing the two fingerings discussed above , one sees that the first open tone hole in the simple fingering is both smaller and further down the bore than the first open tone hole in the cross fingering .
A further effect of the disturbed harmonic ratios of the maxima in impedance is that the harmonics that sound when a low note is played will not ' receive much help ' from resonances in the instrument .
( Technically , the bore does not provide feedback for the reed at that frequency , and nor does it provide impedance matching , so less of the high harmonics are present in the reed motion and they are also less efficiently radiated as sound .
See Frequency response and acoustic impedance .
To be technical , there is also less of the mode locking that occurs due to the non-linear vibration of the reed . )
As a result , cross fingerings in general are less loud and have darker or more mellow timbre than do the notes on either side .
You will also see that the impedance spectrum is more complicated for cross fingerings than for simple fingerings .
We have studied cross fingerings more extensively on flutes than on saxophones , by comparing baroque , classical and modern instruments .
( There is of course no baroque saxophone . )
See cross fingering on flutes or download a scientific paper about cross fingering .
Other effects of the reed
As well as controlling the flow of air , the reed has a passive role in saxophone acoustics .
When the pressure inside the mouthpiece rises , the reed is pushed outwards .
Conversely , suction draws the reed in towards the bore .
Thus the reed increases and decreases the mouthpiece volume with high or low pressure .
( Techncially , we say it is a mechanical compliance in parallel with the bore . )
Indeed , it behaves a bit like an extra volume of air , which could also be compressed and expanded by changing pressure in the mouthpiece .
It has the effect of lowering the frequency of each resonance a little .
However , soft reeds move more than hard reeds , so soft reeds lower the frequency more than do hard reeds .
Further , this effect is greater on high notes than on low , so soft reeds make intervals narrower and hard reeds make them wider .
This is useful to know if you have intonation problems .
( See also tuning . )
Of course , the mouthpiece itself also contains a volume of air ( an acoustic compliance ) and so it has an effect on the tuning of the resonances .
The combined compliance of the mouthpiece and reed is approximately equivalent to the volume of the cone that would be required to extend the body of the saxophone to a point .
This figure shows the effect of the mouthpiece and the reed on on the acoustic impedance spectrum .
One measurement is made with the mouthiece replaced by a conical section , with just a short cylinder matching it to the measurement head .
The next has a mouthpiece , but no reed compliance .
Measurement was on A #3 for a soprano sax .
For more detail , see the paper by Chen , Smith and Wolfe .
Cut - off frequencies
So high frequency waves are impeded by the air in the tone hole : it does n't ' look so open ' to them as it does to the waves of low frequency .
Low frequency waves are reflected at the first open tone hole , higher frequency waves travel further ( which can allow cross fingering ) and sufficiently high frequency waves travel down the tube past the open holes .
Thus an array of open tone holes acts as a high pass filter : some thing that lets high frequencies pass but rejects low frequencies .
( See filter examples . )
The cutoff frequency is about 800 Hz for the tenor and 1300 Hz for the soprano .
In the sound spectra of low notes , you will notice that the harmonics fall off above this frequency .
You will also notice that the impedance spectra become irregular above this frequency .
See the data base of saxophone acoustics .
The cutoff frequency and the conical shape together limit the ability to play high notes on the saxophone , unless the player uses his / her vocal tract as a resonator instead .
The stiffness of the reed is another : a saxophone will only play notes with frequencies lower than the natural frequency of the reed .
( There is a more detailed explanation of cut - off frequencies and their effects here . )
Frequency response and acoustic impedance of the saxophone
The way in which the reed opens and closes to control the air flow into the instrument depends upon the acoustic impedance at the position of the reed , which is why we measure this quantity .
The acoustic impedance is simply the ratio of the sound pressure at the measurement point divided by the acoustic volume flow ( which is just the area multiplied by the particle velocity ) .
If the impedance is high , the pressure variation is large and so it can control the reed and the flow of air past it .
In fact , the resonances , which are the frequencies for which the acoustic impedance is high , are so important that they ' control ' the vibration of the reed , and the instrument will play only at a frequency close to a resonance .
( There is further explanation on What is acoustic impedance and why is it important ? ) .
The section below shows how the major features of the saxophone 's shape give rise to its acoustic impedance spectrum , and thus to how it operates .
We repeat the graph of the impedance spectra of the lowest notes of soprano and tenor .
We also have a data base of saxophone acoustics that shows saxophone impedances and sound files for many notes and some multiphonics .
( We also have such a data base of clarinet acoustics .
It 's worth contrasting them :
First , the soprano saxophone is actually a little longer than a clarinet – about 700 vs 670 mm .
However , the first resonance of the clarinet ( call it f o ) occurs at a lower frequency than that of the saxophone ( call it g o ) .
Further , the peaks of the saxophone curve occur at all the harmonics ( g o , 2g o , 3g o etc ) , whereas those of the clarinet curve occur only at the odd harmonics ( f o , 3 f o , 5 f o etc .
The differences among open cylindrical pipes ( flutes ) , closed cylindrical pipes ( clarinets ) and closed conical pipes ( saxophones , oboes , bassoons ) are explained in Pipes and harmonics .
This difference gives the clarinets a big advantage : a clarinet of a given length can play lower notes than can conical instruments of the same length .
( Baritone sax players envy the small case that bass clarinettists lug around . )
Clarinets pay for this advantage : the odd harmonic series means that they overblow a twelfth instead of an octave , which makes the fingering more awkward , especially around the ' break ' between registers .
They are also less loud than a comparable conical instrument .
( The baritone sax player can blow the bass clarinettist away on that score . )
For frequencies above about several hundred hertz , the resonances become weaker with increasing frequency .
This is due to the ' friction ' of the moving air against the inside of the instrument ( technically , the viscous and to a smaller extent thermal losses in the boundary layer ) .
This affects higher frequencies more than low .
However , a problem faced by the conical instruments but not by cylindrical instruments is that the first resonance is weak .
We saw above under cut - off frequency that , at low frequencies , it is easier to move the air backwards and forwards , because less acceleration is involved .
This means that the impedance of the 'air at the downstream end of the instrument ' ( technically the radiation impedance at the end ) is low for low frequencies .
Further , the cone is good at matching the low impedance of the large end to the high impedance at the small end .
Together , these effects make the lowest resonance of conical instruments weaker than those of their cylindrical cousins .
That is why the whole curve turns down to lower values at low frequency .
( Compare with curves for the clarinet . )
Effect of the bell .
The bell ' helps ' the sound waves in the bore to radiate out into the air .
( Incidentally , the presence of a large , effective bell is what makes brass instruments loud : try playing a trombone with the tuning slide taken off . )
More sound radiated means less sound reflected , so the standing waves are weaker .
However , this effect is only strong for high frequency : as the frequency increases over this range , the resonances are more weakened by the bell at high frequency than at low .
This is because the bell is much smaller than the wavelengths of the low frequency waves , and so is less effective at radiating these waves .
The bell cuts in at 1.8 kHz for the tenor and 2.6 kHz for the soprano .
Above these frequencies the instruments have hardly any resonances – but they do behave as good megaphones !
This figure shows the effect of the bell on the acoustic impedance spectrum of A #3 on a soprano sax .
For the dotted curve , the bell was replaced by a cone having the same length .
For more detail , see the paper by Chen , Smith and Wolfe .
The effect of the bell is that of a high pass filter .
We could say that this is rather like the cut - off frequency effect of a series of open tone holes .
In fact , one purpose of the saxophone 's bell chiefly is to provide a high pass filter for the lowest few notes , so that they have a cut - off frequency and so behave more similarly to the notes produced with several tone holes open .
As far as fundamental frequencies go , the bell is really only important to the lowest notes .
However , it is important to the high harmonics of most notes .
Saxophone and oboe players will know the acoustic effect of this weak first resonance discussed above : it makes it difficult to play notes at the very bottom of the range .
It is especially difficult to play these notes softly .
We saw in How the reed and pipe work together that the higher harmonics of the reed motion could be ' helped ' by resonances of the bore .
When you play loudly , you generate proportionally more power in the higher harmonics ( this is due to increasingly non-linear motion of the reed ) .
So the lowest notes are not so difficult to play loudly , where the strong , high harmonics of the reed are supported by resonances of the bore , compared with soft notes , where you are relying on the the weak fundamental resonance .
We have not mentioned the effect of the mouthpiece .
First , we note that the bore is not a simple cone : it is a cone truncated at a comfortable diameter to take a mouthpiece .
This truncation affects the tuning : informally , we can think of it as making the pipe slightly like a cylinder , which stretches the frequency gap between resonances .
This means that , unless compensated , it would stretch the interval between registers to over an octave .
Now the geometry of the mouthpiece is a little complicated , but one contribution to the acoustic response is that it compensates for the ' missing volume ' of the cone .
Indeed , its volume ( when added to the effective volume of the reed ) is comparable with that of the missing cone .
The compliance of the mouthpiece reduces the acoustic impedance spectrum over a range near about 1 kHz .
See the data base for examples .
To the effect of the mouthpiece volume , we may add the compliance of the reed , discussed above .
This acts in parallel with the bore , and its impedance decreases at high frequency , so its effect is to reduce the rise in impedance with frequency : softer reeds give lower overall impedance at high frequency .
Further , the very high resonances are weaker and occur at lower frequency when you use a soft reed .
This is discussed in more detail under the " effect of hardness " section on the clarinet page .
Vocal tract effects
More to come
We shall continue to add to this site as we find time and as our research results are published .
One FAQ is ' Why do n't we provide a Virtual Saxophone service like the Virtual Flute ? '
The answer is that we are working on the version for clarinet and hope to have one soon .
The sax will probably be next .
Experimental measurements on this page were made by Jer Ming Chen as part of his doctoral research , and are described in the paper below .
Scientific papers with more detail :
Posted by John , July 29th , 2010 - under Uncategorised .
Tags : Afghanistan
Nicole Colson in the US magazine Socialist Worker explains why the classified Pentagon documents on Afghanistan released by WikiLeaks present a damning portrait of who is suffering from the U.S. war .
THE RELEASE of more than 92,000 classified documents relating to the war in Afghanistan by the muckraking Web site WikiLeaks has left the Obama administration and its war partners trying to defend the indefensible .
Along with making the documents available on the Internet on July 25 , WikiLeaks took the further step of providing the archive of material to the New York Times , Britain ’s Guardian and the German magazine Der Spiegel several weeks prior to the wider release–so these media outlets were ready with in - depth articles about what the documents revealed .
The Obama White House was quick to denounce the WikiLeaks release .
At first , it claimed that the documents did n’t reflect the reality of the war , since they only run through last December–before the implementation of Obama ’s “ surge ” plan announced late last year .
When it was clear that no one bought that one , administration officials turned to criticizing the release for putting “ national security ” in jeopardy –while also claiming that the documents were “ old news ” and did n’t really reveal anything that was n’t previously known ( leading to the question of why the documents were classified in the first place . )
This last point was surely damage control –the WikiLeaks documents vividly expose the disastrous state of the U.S. war on Afghanistan .
They provide indisputable proof that the Taliban insurgency is stronger than at any point since 2001 , and they reveal the scope of U.S. war crimes committed against the civilian population of Afghanistan–one of the key factors driving resistance to the U.S. –and how those war crimes have been systematically downplayed by the U.S. military .
One incident highlighted by the Guardian provides a graphic illustration of how damaging the WikiLeaks documents are .
In 2007 , near the city of Jalalabad , a convoy of U.S. Marines was struck by a minivan rigged with explosives .
As they raced the six miles back to their base , the Marines opened fire with automatic weapons , spraying bullets at anything in their path , including “ teenage girls in fields , motorists in their cars , old men as they walked along the road , ” the Guardian described .
“ Nineteen unarmed civilians were killed and 50 wounded ” in what the paper called a “ bloodbath . ”
But the WikiLeaks documents show that an initial military account did n’t state that unarmed civilians were killed .
Instead , the report “ simply says that , simultaneous to the suicide explosion , ‘ the patrol received small arms fire from three directions , ' ” the Guardian wrote .
The six - mile rampage back to the base–which the Guardian notes was later the subject of a 17 - day military inquiry and 12,000 - page report–was at first described as simply , “ The patrol returned to JAF [ Jalalabad air field ] . ”
The documents also illustrate how the massacre and initial cover - up sparked public fury among Afghan civilians at their American occupiers in the following hours and days .
The Guardian wrote :
The logs report that nine hours after the shooting , the governor of Nangarhar province appealed to the Marines to stay at home .
“ He did not want more CF [ coalition forces ] in the area due to public hostility . ”
At about the same time , the Americans stopped issuing internal reports .
“ Event closed at 1349 Z , ” it read .
But that was not the end of the affair .
Demonstrations ran through the streets of Jalalabad over the following days , the logs report , in which protesters broke windows and blocked roads .
A month later , in April 2007 , the Afghan Human Rights Commission published a report into the shooting which said the victims included a 16 - year - old newlywed girl carrying a bundle of grass and a 75 - year - old man walking back from the shops .
The report said the Marines may have come under fire from one source straight after the suicide bomb , but challenged the assertion they suffered a “ complex ambush from several directions . ”
By then , a U.S. Army colonel had admitted to the Afghans that the shootings were a “ terrible , terrible mistake ” and “ a stain on our honor . ”
He paid $ 2,000 to the families of each victim .
Yet all of the Marines involved in the incident were later exonerated by the military of any wrongdoing .
The massacre near Jalalabad is only one war crime among many revealed in WikiLeaks ’ 92,000 pages of documents .
According to the Guardian , the documents show at least 144 separate instances of the killing of innocent Afghan civilians –ranging from individual shootings at the hands of CIA paramilitaries to massive , mistaken air strikes that wiped out entire families and villages at a stroke .
– – – – – – – – – – – – – – – –
UNSURPRISINGLY , THE media response to the documents varied .
The New York Times , for example , seemed initially to focus less on U.S. massacres or the impact of the war on Afghan civilians than on what the documents showed about the role of Pakistani intelligence in propping up the Taliban and other forces fighting the U.S .
The Times wrote a lengthy note to readers justifying its coverage and explaining that it had “ taken care not to publish information that would harm national security interests . ”
The question , of course , is whose interests would be harmed ?
Ordinary Americans , who have been funding the war to the tune of tens of billions of dollars each year ?
The Afghan people , who have suffered even worse treatment at the hands of the U.S. military than was previously thought , according to the documents ?
What about U.S. soldiers , who are fighting and dying in growing numbers in Afghanistan ?
Just days after the release of the WikiLeaks material , a separate Times article –headlined “ Afghans and NATO differ on civilian deaths ” –again highlighted the disparity between what military officials claim about the war and what Afghan civilians experience .
In the story , U.S. officials disputed Afghan claims that 52 civilians were killed in a rocket attack in the southern Helmand province on July 23 .
High up in the article , the Times noted that “ the American - led military command in Kabul said that an investigation it was conducting with Afghan officials ‘ has thus far revealed no evidence of civilians injured or killed . ' ”
The investigators must not have talked to Mohammed Usman , who is quoted by the Times in the same article as saying he helped pull the bodies of 17 children and seven women from the rubble .
“ They have ruined us , and they have killed small children and innocent women , ” he said .
“ God will never forgive them . ”
Atrocities like this should at least prove that the massacres revealed in the WikiLeaks documents are n’t in the past .
In fact , the vast bulk of the information released by WikiLeaks seems to have been made classified by the Pentagon not because of any real threat to “ national security , ” but because of the damage such a cumulative archive of material about the war would have on public opinion on whether the U.S. and its allies should still be in Afghanistan .
As James Fallows of the Atlantic noted :
[ I ] nformation that may be old news to insiders may seem a revelation to the broader public .
Whether from George W. Bush or Barack Obama , presidential speeches about Afghanistan have not emphasized the mixed loyalties of the Pakistani security services , the frustrations of dealing with tribal leaders and corrupt officials , the extent of civilian casualties , and other items that , according to insiders , “ everyone ” already knows .
– – – – – – – – – – – – – – – –
MANY PEOPLE have compared the release of the WikiLeaks documents to the release of the Pentagon Papers–a classified 1968 Pentagon study on the Vietnam War that was leaked to the media by military analyst Daniel Ellsberg in 1971 .
The Pentagon Papers further discredited the U.S. war machine by showing not only the true extent of the war and civilian casualties , but the way that successive administrations –both Democratic and Republican–had deliberately misled the American public about the war .
As Fallows continued :
Afghanistan is different from Vietnam , Barack Obama is different from Lyndon Johnson and Richard Nixon , the raw battlefield intel from WikiLeaks is different from the inside policy memos of the Pentagon Papers , and so on .
But the basic similarity of the cases involves the question of what “ everyone ” knows .
By 1971 , anyone who had been really following the Vietnam War already “ knew , ” or could guess , much of what was in the Pentagon Papers .
The Papers mattered because of ( a ) the confirmation that the government had known about the problems for a very long time , and ( b ) the spreading of that understanding to the broader public .
If the WikiLeaks documents , coming during what is already the deadliest month ever for U.S. troops in Afghanistan , really do mark a shift in mainstream opinion about the war , it will be because everyone [ general public , press and politicians ] will now recognize what “ everyone ” [ insiders ] already knew .
It ’s too soon to judge the impact of the WikiLeaks documents , especially with thousands more reportedly to be released soon .
But it is certain that this new window into a failing war comes as the percentage of Americans who support it has reached an all - time low .
According to an ABC News / Washington
Post poll conducted in mid-July , the number of Americans who say the war in Afghanistan has been worth fighting has declined from 52 percent in December to 43 percent now .
Obama ’s approval rating for handling the war , which was 56 percent in April , is now down to 45 percent .
Nevertheless , the Obama administration wo n’t end the U.S. war on Afghanistan because of declining approval ratings or because it is embarrassed by the revelations in the WikiLeaks documents .
On the contrary , a few days after the WikiLeaks release , the House approved a $ 33 billion war - funding increase to pay for Obama ’s latest troop surge–and the Obama administration , along with military leaders , reiterated its commitment to staying in Afghanistan “ until the job is done . ”
As the WikiLeaks documents show , that will mean more massacres and bloodshed for ordinary Afghans .
This article , by
Protecting ourselves from backyard mosquito bites may come down to leaving the vacuuming for later , a study from York University shows .
Rather than vacuuming the grass clippings out of catch basins before adding treatments to control mosquitoes , municipalities should leave the organic waste in place , the research found .
" Catch basins are a permanent source of mosquitoes on every street .
By putting S - methoprene in cleaned catch basins we saw an average of 20 per cent of the mosquito larvae make it to the adult stage over the duration of the study .
But that number was reduced to less than 3 per cent just by leaving the organic debris in the catch basins until the fall , when mosquito season is over , " says Norman Yan , a professor in York University 's Department of Biology .
Yan and former York master 's student Stacey Baker co-authored a study published in the current issue of the Journal of the American Mosquito Control Association .
They were surprised by the results of the research , conducted by Baker in 2005 on residential streets in the Greater Toronto Area .
" We predicted that S - methoprene would work better in the catch basins that had been cleaned .
We found the opposite -- that S - methoprene binds to organic material , which holds it in the catch basins longer so that mosquito larvae are exposed to it for longer , " says Baker .
The research may have implications not only for our comfort levels , but for disease control , says Yan .
The human West Nile Virus rate and the number of positive mosquito pools have been lower in the past two years in Ontario , but it remains a problem in some areas of the United States , and warmer temperatures and a wet season could increase the risk in Ontario .
The West Nile Virus is not carried by all mosquitoes but it can lead to severe symptoms and even death .
Public health units in Ontario determine if and when they will larvicide based on their surveillance of the level of risk .
S- methoprene , which is used in Canada only for control of West Nile Virus , is still being used in hundreds of thousands of catch basins in the GTA , but there has been no thought given to the cleaning schedule , according to the authors .
The study demonstrates that scheduling both the application of S - methoprene and the removal of debris makes sense , they said , and it may be worthwhile to clean the catch basins every two years instead of annually .
" Accumulated Organic Debris in Catch Basins Improves the Efficacy of S - methoprene against Mosquitoes in Toronto , Ontario , Canada " appears in the Journal of the American Mosquito Control Association .
York University 's Knowledge Mobilization Unit , which seeks to maximize the impact of academic research on public policy and professional practice , has sent a summary of the research findings to Ontario 's public health units .
Your guide to the world of herbs and spices — how to spot them , where to get them , and how to cook with them
Get the Recipe Za'atar Rice Pilaf
What exactly is za'atar ?
Besides a spice blend , a wild herb , a dip , a condiment , and a snacking equivalent of popcorn , it 's an ancient cultural institution , a symbol of national identity , and a personal watermark .
Za'atar represents what I love most about spices : it grants insight into the foodways of generations past and introduces us to people we may otherwise never meet .
It also tastes really , really good .
What Is Za'atar ?
Za'atar the spice blend is a mixture of dried herbs , sesame seeds , and sumac , and often salt , a centuries - old mixture dating back to the 13th century , at least .
What those herbs are and how all those ingredients are proportioned vary from culture to culture and family to family .
In much of the Middle East , za'atar recipes are closely guarded secrets , and there are also substantial regional variations .
In Jordan , the za'atar is particularly heavy on the sumac , so it looks red .
Lebanese za'atar may have dried orange zest ; Israeli za'atar ( adopted from Arab communities much like the American adoption of salsa ) often includes dried dill .
Unsurprisingly , these variations are a matter of extreme national pride .
There are some standards : the most common herbs are thyme and oregano , and they make up the bulk of the blend .
Marjoram , mint , sage , or savory are also common .
Za'atar was probably first made with wild hyssop or the eponymous herb za'atar , which are still used today , so much so that the Israeli government had to curtail wild hyssop harvesting to save the plant from extinction .
My favorite za'atar blend is heavy on the thyme and the sesame seeds , which lend deep nutty and woodsy accents .
The sumac provides an acidic lift , a superb substitute for lemon juice .
With a balance of floral herby notes and rich flavors , za'atar is a versatile everyday spice blend .
You can buy za'atar in Middle Eastern markets ( and increasingly , mainstream grocery stores ) , but it 's best blended at home with recently dried herbs , where you have full control over what goes into your blend , and in what amounts .
How To Use Za'atar
Za'atar is most frequently used as a table condiment , dusted on food on its own , or stirred into some olive oil as a dip for soft , plush flatbreads .
That spread is often applied to the bread before baking , which lends incredible depth of flavor to the herbs and sesame seeds .
Za'atar also makes a superb dry rub for roast chicken or lamb , as well as on firm or starchy vegetables like cauliflower or potatoes .
In Lebanon , za'atar is most associated with breakfast , a cue well worth taking .
Try dusting some on eggs , oatmeal , or yogurt ( especially labne ) .
Or add some to your next batch of lemon cookies — lemon , thyme , and sesame are a trio on par with tomato , basil , and mozzerella , perfect in sweet and savory foods .
Many people eat za'atar as - is , out of hand , and it 's strangely addicting .
When paired with popcorn , even more so .
Za'atar 's uses are practically limitless and as flexible as its ingredients .
To get the most out of my za'atar , I fry it in oil with other aromatics to gain depth of flavor , and then add some more at the end to keep its herbal notes intact .
But anything goes with this stuff .
Fairy dust wishes it tasted this good .
Get the Recipe Za'atar Rice Pilaf View Recipe »
All products linked here have been independently selected by our editors .
We may earn a commission on purchases , as described in our affiliate policy .
A new statistical analysis Q&A website launched
While the proposal for a statistical analysis Q&A website on are a51 ( stackexchange ) is taking it ’s time , and the website is still collecting people who will commit to it ,
Joseph Turian , who seems a nice guy from his various comments online , seem to feel this website is not what the community needs and that we should n’t hold up on our questions for the website to go online .
Therefore , Joseph is pushing with all his might his newest creation “ MetaOptimize QA “ , a StackOverFlow like website for ( long list follows ) : machine learning , natural language processing , artificial intelligence , text analysis , information retrieval , search , data mining , statistical modeling , and data visualization .
With all the bells and whistles that the OSQA framework ( an open source stackoverflow clone , and more , system ) can offer ( you know , rankings , badges and so on ) .
Is this new website better then the area51 website ?
Will all the people go to just one of the two websites .
or will we end up with two places that attracts more people then we had to begin with ?
These are the questions that come to mind when faced with the story in front of us .
My own suggestion is to try both websites ( the stackoverflow statistical analysis website to come and “ MetaOptimize QA “ ) and let time tell .
More info on this story bellow .
MetaOptimize online impact so far
The need for such a Q&A site is clearly evident .
With just several days after being promoted online , MetaOptimize has claimed the eyes of almost 300 users , submitting 59 questions and 129 answers .
Already many bloggers in the statistical community have contributed their voices with encouraging posts , here is just a collection of the post I was able to find with some googling :
But is it goos to have two websites ?
But wait , did n’t we just start pushing forward another statistical Q&A website two weeks ago ?
I am talking about the Stack Exchange Q&A site proposal : Statistical Analysis .
So what should we ( the community of statistical minded people ) to do the next time we have a question ?
Should we wait for Stack Exchange offer for a new website to start ?
Or should we start using MetaOptimize ?
Update : after lengthy e-mail exchange with Joseph ( the person who founded MetaOptimize ) , I decided to erase what I originally wrote as my doubts , and instead give a Q&A session that him and I have had in the e-mails exchange .
It is a bit edited from what was originally , and some of the content will probably get updated – so if you are into this subject , check in again in a few hours 🙂
Honestly , I am split in two ( and Joseph , I do hope you ’ll take this in a positive way , since personally I feel confident you are a good guy ) .
I very strongly believe in the need and value of such a Q&A website .
Yet I am wondering how I feel about such a website being hosted as MetaOptimize and outside the hands of the stackoverflow guys .
On the one hand , open source lovers ( like myself ) tend to like decentralization and reliance on OSS ( open source software ) solutions ( such as the one OSQA framework offers ) .
On the other hand , I do believe that the stackoverflow people have ( much ) more experience in handling such websites then Joseph .
I can very easily trust them to do regular database backups , share the websites database dumps with the general community , smoothly test and upgrade to provide new features , and generally speaking perform in a more experienced way with the online Q&A community .
It does n’t mean that Joseph wo n’t do a great job , personally I hope he will .
Q&A session with Joseph Turian ( MetaOptimize founder )
Tal :
Let ’s start with the easy question , should I worry about technical issues in the website ( like , for example , backups ) ?
Joseph :
The OSQA team ( backed by DZone ) have got my back .
They have been very helpful since day one to all OSQA users , and have given me a lot of support .
Thanks , especially Rick and Hernani !
They provide email and chat support for OSQA users .
I will commit to putting up regular automatic database dumps , whenever the OSQA team implements it :
http://meta.osqa.net/questions/3120/how-do-i-offer-database-dumps
If , in six months , they do n’t have this feature as part of their core , and someone ( e.g. you ) emails me reminding me that they want a dump , I will manually do a database dump and strip the user table .
Also , I ’ve got a scheduled daily database dump that is mirrored to Amazon S3 .
Tal :
Why did you start MetaOptimize instead of supporting the area51 proposal ?
Joseph :
On Area51 , people asked to have AI merged with ML , and ML merged with statistical analysis , but their requests seemed to be ignored .
This seemed like a huge disservice to these communities .
Area 51 did n’t have academics in ML + NLP .
I know from experience it ’s hard to get them to buy in to new technology .
So why would I risk my reputation getting them to sign up for Area 51 , when I know that I will get a 1 % conversion ?
They are n’t early adopters interested in the process , many are late adopters who wo n’t sign up for something until they have too .
If the Area 51 sites had a strong newbie bent , which is what it seemed like the direction was going , then the academic experts definitely would n’t waste their time .
It would become a support
community for newbies , without core expert discussion .
So basically , I know that I and a lot of my colleagues wanted the site I built .
And I felt like area 51 was shaping the communities really incorrectly in several respects , and was also taking a while .
I could have fought an institutional process and maybe gotten half the results above and it took a few months , or I could just build the site and invite my friends , and shape the community correctly .
Besides that , there are also personal motives :
I wanted the recognition for having a good vision for the community , and driving forward something they really like .
I wanted to experiment with some NLP and ML extensions for the Q+A software , to help organize the information better .
Not possible on a closed platform .
Tal : Me ( and maybe some other people ) fear that this might fork the people in the field to two websites , instead of bringing them together .
What are your thoughts about that ?
Joseph :
How am I forking the community ?
I ’m bringing a bunch of people in who would n’t have even been part of the Area 51 community .
Area 51 was going to fork it into five communities : stat analysis , ML , NLP , AI , and data mining .
And then a lot fewer people would have been involved .
Tal :
What are the things that people who support your website are saying ?
Joseph :
Here are some quotes about my site :
Philip Resnick ( UMD ) : “ Looking at the questions being asked , the people responding , and the quality of the discussion , I can already see this becoming the go - to place for those ‘ under the hood ’ details
you rarely see in the textbooks or conference papers .
This site is going to save a lot of people an awful lot of time and frustration . ”
Aria Haghighi ( Berkeley ) : “ Both NLP and ML have a lot of folk wisdom about what works and what does n’t .
A site like this is crucial for facilitating the sharing and validation of this collective knowledge . ”
Alexandre Passos ( Unicamp ) : “ Really thank you for that .
As a machine learning phd student from somewhere far from most good research centers ( I ’m in brazil , and how many brazillian ML papers have you
seen in NIPS / ICML recently ? ) , I struggle a lot with this folk wisdom .
Most professors around here have n’t really interacted enough with the international ML community to be up to date ”
( http://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=1476247)
Ryan McDonald ( Google ) : “ A tool like this will help disseminate and archive the tricks and best practices that are common in NLP / ML , but are rarely written about at length in papers . ” esoom on Reddit : “ This is awesome .
I ’m really impressed by the quality of some of the answers , too .
Within five minutes of skimming the site , I learned a neat trick that is n’t widely discussed in the literature . ”
( http://www.reddit.com/r/MachineLearning/comments/ckw5k/stackoverflow_for_machine_learning_and_natural/c0tb3gc)
Tal :
In order to be fair to are a51 work , they have gotten wonderful responses for the “ statistical analysis ” proposal as well ( see it here )
I have also contacted are a51 directly and asked them and invited them to come and join the discussion .
I ’ll update this post with their reply .
So what ’s next ?
I do n’t know .
If the Stack Exchange website where to launch today , I would probably focus on using it and hint to the site for MetaOptimize ( for the reasons I just mentioned , and also for some that Rob Hyndman maintained when he first wrote on the subject ) .
If the stack exchange version of the website where to start in a few weeks , I would probably sit on the fence and see if people are using it .
I suspect that by that time , there would n’t be many people left to populate it ( but I could always be wrong ) .
And what if the website where to start in a week , what then ?
I have no clue .
Good question .
My current feeling is that I am glad to let this play out .
It seems this is a good case study for some healthy competition between platforms and models ( OSQA vs stackoverflow / area51 - system ) – one that I hope will generate more good features from both companies .
And also will make both parties work hard to get people to participate .
It also seems that this situation is getting many people in our field to be approached with the same idea ( Q&A website ) .
After Joseph input on the subject , I am starting to think that maybe at the end of the day this will benefit all of us .
Instead of forking one community into two , maybe what we ’ll end up with is getting more ( experienced ) people online ( into two locations ) that would otherwise would have stayed in the shadows .
The verdict is still out , but I am a bit more optimistic than I was when first writing this post .
I ’ll update this post after getting more input from people .
And as always – I would love to know your thoughts on the subject .
On this page I tried to collect links to all existing video materials about Clojure — video - lectures & tutorials , presentations at conferences , etc. if you have more links to video materials , please leave them in comments to this page !
Lectures , Tutorials and Screencasts
Videos from Clojure user groups
ClojureScript
Datomic
by
Here ’s a simple question for you …which metro areas did prospered the most during the past business cycle ?
( 2000 - 2008 )
Were the winners the highly - educated communities that make up the Creative Economy ?
Or did someone else zoom ahead ?
I asked myself these questions when I was preparing for a talk that I was giving at the Rochester Institute of Technology on innovation and economic development .
Being a man of numbers , I calculated the gains in real - per capita income for all metro areas .
Who do you think was # 1 , and who do you think was # 366 ( out of 366 ) ?
A bit surprising , is n’t it ?
The common themes are guns and oil .
The big gains in the # 1 - ranked Houma region are mainly connected with the increase in oil drilling , since BLS data shows that wages in the mining / oil industry in Terrebonne Parish , where Houma is located , soared from $ 58 K a year to $ 78 K from 2005 to 2008 .
# 2 Jacksonville ( NC ) is the location of Camp Lejeune .
Fayetteville ( NC ) .
# 5 Fayettville ( NC ) is home to Fort Bragg , one of the larget military bases in the world .
# 6 Killeen is obviously home to Fort Hood .
# 8 Odessa , Texas , is riding the oil boom .
Now let ’s look at the metro areas which were the biggest losers in real per-capita income , 2000 - 2008 .
Uh , oh .
This is not the list you might have expected , in a world where brains and innovation are supposed to be important .
There ’s Silicon Valley at the top ( or the bottom ) of the list , where incomes did n’t recover from the popping of the tech bubble that peaked in 2000 .
But other tech - type metro areas , such as Raleigh and Austin were hit hard as well .
Brains and education did not seem to count too much in success in the last business cycle .
Overall , the top ten cities , measured by growth in per capita income , had an average college graduate rate of 17.7 %
The bottom ten cities had a college graduate rate of 31.8 % .
Is this inverse relationship between growth and education going to persist into the future ?
Impossible to say .
My personal view is that the lack of rewards for education –which show up in the individual income statistics as well –is correlated to the lack of commercially - successful breakthrough innovations , which would immediate sop up all the excess college graduates .
To put it another way , innovative industries tend to locate where they can get a lot of college graduates .
That means high education areas attract new companies , boosting growth .
But without innovation , the whole economic development dynamic changes .
You ca n’t attract growing innovative companies because they are few and far between .
For their part , companies are more likely to view cost as a main consideration in deciding where to locate .
Goodbye San Jose and Austin , hello China and India .
Published in : censorship - china - Tools
“ How do I find out if web users in China can access my website at xyz.com ? ”
Following this story on China blocking Blogger blogs ahead of Olympic games , Todd is looking to conduct similar test for his own website to confirm that his site is not blocked by the Chinese government .
There are at least three reliable services that help you test Internet filtering in China using more or less the same method .
They have computers located in different cities of China that try to access your site using the ping command .
If you get a “ Packets lost ” error or there ’s a time - out while connecting to your site , chances are that the site is restricted .
1. Just Ping -
They have checkpoints inside Hong Kong and Shanghai in China .
2 . Watch Mouse -
This service too has monitoring stations inside Hong Kong and Shanghai in China .
3 . Website Pulse -
In addition to Hong Kong and Shanghai , Website Pulse conducts website connectivity test from a computer located in Beijing as well .
Unlike the previous two services that simply do a ping test , this service connects to your site and tries downloading the complete HTML web page .
The total response time shows how long it takes for your website to download .
Related : How to Read Blogger Blogs in China
Some things are best illustrated by illustrating the negative .
Therefore , we 'll start by showing you how you might succeed in dispelling that sense .
Step 1 .
First and perhaps most importantly , do what you can to avoid having the NAACP adopt a resolution condemning you for racism .
Step 2 .
Failing Step 1 , consider a response to the NAACP resolution modeled after this one :
Tea party activist Alex Poulter , who co-founded a Kansas City - area group called Political Chips , disputed the allegations .
He said the movement is made up of a " diverse group of folks who are upset with what is going on with this country . "
Poulter said he has seen no evidence of racism within the movement .
" It 's unfounded but people are running with these accusations like they are true , " he said .
It 's not accurate , factual or true .
But it 's an excellent response in terms of not looking like a crazy - ass anger junkie .
So that 's it !
It 's a simple two - step process :
Try not to give the impression that you 're racist , but if you can 't ; Lie and say that you 're not racist .
This is ordinarily a very successful formula .
And it has the benefit of being relatively short and easy to follow .
But unfortunately , it 's not foolproof :
Responding to the resolution , Tea Party Express chairman Mark Williams lashed out against the civil rights group , claiming that " they make more money off of race than any slave trader ever . "
Williams continued his assault last night on CNN , tellinghost Roland Martin , " Racists have their own movement .
It 's called the NAACP . "
OK , so it 's not foolproof .
How about monstrously insane racist asshole proof ?
Nope , not that either .
Seems Williams had more to say , in the form of a mock letter from the NAACP leadership to Abraham Lincoln :
Dear Mr. Lincoln
We Coloreds have taken a vote and decided that we do n’t cotton to that whole emancipation thing .
Freedom means having to work for real , think for ourselves , and take consequences along with the rewards .
That is just far too much to ask of us Colored People and we demand that it stop !
In fact we held a big meeting and took a vote in Kansas City this week .
We voted to condemn a political revival of that old abolitionist spirit called the ‘ tea party movement ’ .
The tea party position to “ end the bailouts ” for example is just silly .
Bailouts are just big money welfare and is n’t that what we want all Coloreds to strive for ?
What kind of racist would want to end big money welfare ?
What they need to do is start handing the bail outs directly to us coloreds !
Of course , the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People is the only responsible party that should be granted the right to disperse the funds .
And the ridiculous idea of “ reduce[ing ] the size and intrusiveness of government . ”
What kind of massa would ever not want to control my life ?
As Coloreds we must have somebody care for us otherwise we would be on our own , have to think for ourselves and make decisions !
The racist tea parties also demand that the government “ stop the out of control spending . ”
Again , they directly target coloreds .
That means we Coloreds would have to compete for jobs like everybody else and that is just not right .
Perhaps the most racist point of all in the tea parties is their demand that government “ stop raising our taxes . ”
That is outrageous !
How will we coloreds ever get a wide screen TV in every room if non-coloreds get to keep what they earn ?
Totally racist !
The tea party expects coloreds to be productive members of society ?
Mr. Lincoln , you were the greatest racist ever .
We had a great gig .
Three squares , room and board , all our decisions made by the massa in the house .
Please repeal the 13th and 14th Amendments and let us get back to where we belong .
Sincerely Precious Ben Jealous , Tom ’s Nephew NAACP Head Colored Person
What a sweetheart , eh ?
Are they cooking bile into their meth these days , or what ?
Free advice to the Teabaggers on this one :
Williams --> Basement Key -->
Garbage
You 're welcome .
i must have this .
serously throw it in a box and send it to ME AND ME ONLY .
Click to expand ...
They were perfectly lovely , the beets Surendra Pradhan and Helvi Heinonen - Tanski grew : round and hefty , a rich burgundy , their flavor sweet and faintly earthy like the dirt from which they came .
Unless someone told you , you ’d never know the beets were grown with human urine .
Pradhan and Heinonen - Tanski , environmental scientists at the University of Kuopio in Finland , grew the beets as an experiment in sustainable fertilization .
They nourished them with a combination of urine and wood ash , which they found worked as well as traditional mineral fertilizer .
“ It is totally possible to use human urine as a fertilizer instead of industrial fertilizer , ” said Heinonen - Tanski , whose research group has also used urine to cultivate cucumbers , cabbage and tomatoes .
Recycling urine as fertilizer could not only make agriculture and wastewater treatment more sustainable in industrialized countries , the researchers say , but also bolster food production and improve sanitation in developing countries .
Urine is chock full of nitrogen , potassium and phosphorus , which are the nutrients plants need to thrive — and the main ingredients in common mineral fertilizers .
There is , of course , a steady supply of this man-made plant food : an adult on a typical Western diet urinates about 130 gallons a year , enough to fill three standard bathtubs .
And despite the gross - out potential , urine is practically sterile when it leaves the body , Heinonen - Tanski pointed out .
The nutrients in urine are also in just the right form for plants to drink them up , said Håkan Jönsson , a researcher at the Swedish University of Agricultural Sciences in Uppsala who was not involved in the beet study but has researched urine recycling for over 15 years .
Food gives us nutrients like nitrogen as parts of complex organic molecules , but our digestive system strips them down into the basic mineral form that plants need — so “ we have done half of the job , ” Jönsson said .
A small but dedicated contingent of organic gardeners in the United States and Europe already fertilize with urine at home , and researchers in Scandinavia have run pilot projects to recycle locally collected urine on small farms .
But urine recycling may never become a part of large - scale farming in industrialized countries , because implementing it would mean drastically remodeling the sewage system in order to collect and transport liquid waste .
It would also mean swapping regular flush toilets for separating toilets , where a divided bowl and independent set of pipes sort the urine out from everything else .
This detail is a roadblock , Jönsson said , because many people do n’t want a toilet that looks strange .
“ Acceptance is a big problem for this kind of system . ”
For the recent experiment with beets , the urine was obtained from specialized toilets in private homes .
Heinonen - Tanski’s group planted four plots of beets and treated one with mineral fertilizer , one with urine and wood ash , one with urine alone , and one with no fertilizer as a control .
After 84 days , about 280 beets were harvested .
The beetroots from the urine - and urine - and - ash - fertilized plants were found to be , respectively , 10 percent and 27 percent larger by mass than those grown in mineral fertilizer .
By grinding some beets to powder and subjecting them to chemical analysis , the researchers determined that all the beets had comparable nutrient contents — and according to a blind taste - testing panel , the taste was indistinguishable .
The results were published in the February 10 issue of the Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry .
Effective fertilization is n’t the only benefit of recycling urine , Heinonen - Taski suggested in a review paper in the January 2010 issue of the journal Sustainability .
The separating toilets that collect urine use less water than flush toilets , she writes , and the simplified waste stream requires less energy in sewage treatment .
“ Agricultural and health organizations should encourage people to use human urine as a fertilizer , ” Heinonen - Tanski concluded in that paper , especially in areas where wastewater treatment is unavailable or ineffective .
Though he ’s skeptical that it will ever happen on a large scale , Jönsson does practice urine fertilization himself :
He and his wife use what they collect from their separating toilet to nourish their garden at home in Sweden .
The urine one person produces can fertilize about ten square feet of soil a day , Jönsson said — but there ’s been less to go around since his three children left home .
“ It ’s enough for the vegetables and the flowers , ” he said , “ but I can only fertilize very lightly on the lawn .
Otherwise I run out of urine . ”
Image caption
The protesters resent state interference in their religious affairs
Ultra-Orthodox
Jews have staged one of the biggest protests seen in Israel , to demand their children be educated separately from other Israelis .
Police said 120,000 Ashkenazi Jews rallied in Jerusalem and near Tel Aviv .
They turned out to support parents who refused to let their girls share classrooms with Jewish pupils of Sephardic or Middle Eastern descent .
The protests were triggered by a court ruling sentencing some 80 Ashkenazi parents to jail .
The parents face two weeks in jail for contempt of court and were due to start their sentence on Thursday .
' Court is fascist '
The Ashkenazi parents , who are of European descent , want segregated classrooms because they say Sephardi families are not religious enough .
Some 100,000 protesters marched through Jerusalem with the 40 couples , who planned to hand themselves over to the police in compliance with a Supreme Court ruling .
About 10,000 police officers were mobilised in the city .
I do n't want my daughter to be educated with a girl who has a TV at home Yakov Litzman , MP , United Torah Judaism party Israeli press : School dispute
Marchers brandished placards and banners .
" The Supreme Court is fascist , " one poster read .
One protester , parent and rabbi , Meir Elmaliach , told the crowd from a makeshift stage : " We are strong because God is with us . "
A similar protest in Bnei Brak near Tel Aviv drew about 20,000 people , said police .
The families at the centre of the legal battle come from a strictly observant sect of Hasidic Jews called Slonim , who have Ashkenazi lineage .
' Not a drop of racism '
They have pulled their children out of Beit Yaakov girls ' school in the West Bank settlement of Immanuel , and set up lessons elsewhere in the area .
The Slonim parents say their objections are based on differences in religious observance between the Ashkenazi and Sephardi traditions .
Yakov Litzman , an MP from the ultra-Orthodox Ashkenazi party , United Torah Judaism ( UTJ ) , told army radio there was " not a drop of racism " in the parents ' decision .
" There is a set of rules [ in the ultra - Orthodox community ] .
We do n't want televisions in the home , there are rules of modesty , we are against the internet , " Mr Litzman was quoted as saying by AFP news agency .
" I do n't want my daughter to be educated with a girl who has a TV at home . "
The court had given the parents until Wednesday to send their children back to school , but they refused .
Suicide barriers on bridges might not reduce overall suicide rates by jumping from heights , as people may change location for their suicide attempt , according to a new study published online in the British Medical Journal .
Researchers from Canada found that the overall suicide rate ( by any means ) in Toronto reduced after a barrier was erected at one particular bridge known for a high suicide rate , but suicides from jumping remained the same .
Restricting peoples ' access to a means of suicide can delay and prevent suicide such as in the UK where switching to carbon monoxide - free sources of gas was successful in reducing suicide numbers .
Suicide barriers erected to prevent jumping have been established at the Empire State Building in the USA , the Eiffel Tower in France , and bridges worldwide .
No study so far , however , has shown that a suicide barrier has led to a statistically significant drop in overall suicide rates in an area .
Researchers from Toronto studied the impact of the erection of a suicide barrier at the Bloor Street Viaduct , the bridge with the world 's second highest annual rate of suicide by jumping after Golden Gate Bridge in San Francisco .
The barrier was constructed between April 2002 and June 2003 .
Prior to that , there was an average of 10 suicides a year by jumping from the bridge between 1992 and 2002 .
advertisement
The researchers studied data covering all suicides in Ontario during the period 1 January 1993 to 30 June 2007 .
They classified the nine years from 1993 to 2001 as being before the barrier and the four years from July 1 2003 to June 30 2007 as being after the barrier .
Results showed that suicide deaths at the Bloor Street Viaduct fell from 9.3 per year before the barrier to zero after it was constructed .
However , there was no impact on suicide by jumping in the region as a whole .
Toronto 's overall yearly suicide rate by jumping was almost unchanged when comparing the pre and post barrier periods at 56.4 per year compared to 56.6 per year .
It was also noted that , post - barrier in Toronto , there was a statistically significant increase in suicides by jumping from bridges other than the Bloor Street Viaduct ( 8.7 suicide rate per year rising to 14.2 per year ) .
There was , however , a decrease in both the overall rate of suicides in Toronto and the rate of suicides by means other than jumping in the post - barrier period .
The researchers conclude : " This research shows that constructing a barrier on a bridge with a high rate of suicide by jumping is likely to reduce or eliminate suicides at that bridge but it may not alter absolute suicide rates by jumping when there are comparable bridges nearby . "
" This study reminds us that means restriction may not work everywhere , and that we have much to learn about the determinants of the choice of method in suicidal acts , " writes David Gunnell from the University of Bristol and Matthew Miller from Harvard School of Public Health , in an accompanying editorial .
" Yet , where and when means restriction works , it may save more lives than other suicide prevention strategies , especially in children and young adults , who tend to act impulsively in fleeting suicidal crisis , " they conclude .
Today OnLive officially launched .
If you have n't heard of it , OnLive is an ambitious new gaming service with a unique proposition : instead of downloading and running games traditionally on your computer , you run the games on their remote data centers and they stream the audiovisual output to your computer .
Regardless of whether or not it works in your area , whether the proposition is attractive to you , or even if you are interested in the gaming industry at all -- I think OnLive is worth paying attention to .
It is real !
It is real !
When it was first announced , it was met with incredulity from pretty much everyone , especially from game journalists and game developers .
Most stories about it inevitably focused on how unbelievable it is and how it's at least several years too early -- the infrastructure could n't possibly support it .
OnLive 's heavy optimism combined with their policy of secrecy definitely gave off the fumes of vaporware .
If their product was so great , why not let it speak for itself ?
Well , today the veil and all media embargoes have been lifted .
I have been part of the beta program , and have been playing it on my MacBook Pro and PC pretty extensively , so I thought I 'd add my two cents .
First of all , let me start with the most important point : this is the real deal .
It 's not perfect , but at least for beta users in San Francisco , it works pretty well .
At the very least , OnLive serves as a proof of concept that some of the most ambitious , computationally intensive software applications can be virtualized and streamed in real - time at extremely low latencies .
What this means for the game industry and consumers is even more fascinating though .
How does it work ?
The actual OnLive app for Mac OS X is an 8 MB executable .
You launch it , type in your username and password , and hit connect .
OnLive authenticates your user account and begins to perform some network tests .
Connecting to OnLive Connecting to OnLive
On my computer , OnLive sends out requests to several different IPs , ending up in servers in various data centers before deciding on one to use .
I assume it is performing some kind of network diagnostics to figure out which route to which server is optimal for my location .
For me ( Comcast in San Francisco ) the client chooses the Santa Clara data center , which is on average a 14 ms round trip for any given packet .
A successful connection to OnLive , adapted from the OS X activity monitor .
Note that after the peak , OnLive is using 700 KB / sec .
A successful connection to OnLive , adapted from the OS X activity monitor .
Note that after the peak , OnLive is using 700KB / sec .
According to a naive glance at the Mac OS X Activity Monitor , OnLive opens a massive , HD stream of 700k / sec ( about 5.5 megabits ) .
Hold on a second ...
700k / sec ?
While people in South Korea , Japan , or many parts of Europe may take that sort of bandwidth for granted ( or even orders of magnitude more than that , for granted ) , in the United States , that is a big deal .
I have the cheapest , residential Comcast plan possible -- nothing special .
So how is this possible ?
I 'll go into that later in this post .
On the other hand , I tried it at a friend 's house who has ADSL from AT&T .
Even though she only lives a mile away from me , she barely can visit YouTube on her poor connection .
Needless to say , OnLive did n't even let me log in with those conditions .
Trying to log in on a sub- standard connection .
Trying to log in on a sub- standard connection .
A common point of skepticism for OnLive goes something like this : 700k / sec seems unbelievable .
Normally , I 'm happy to download at around 150k / sec !
Also is n't this costing OnLive a fortune in bandwidth fees ?
There 's no way it can be viable right ?
If you are not familiar with content delivery network technology , like Akamai , then that does seem like a deathblow to OnLive .
However , here 's another way to think about it :
How much does it cost to transfer 100 GB at 100 megabits / second to your roommate 's computer ?
How about a terabyte ?
A petabyte ?
The answer is about $ 10 : the cost of a standard Cat5 Ethernet cable .
Now how about to your neighbor one room over in the apartment complex or in a college dorm ?
Depending on how the network is set up , your packets may not even leave the building and you will be transferring at 100 megabits right on an internal network .
Now how about transferring to the building across the street ?
If you are both on the same network provider , it 's likely that you can still transfer extremely fast .
By doing a traceroute , you 'll likely see that you are only a few routers away from the other person .
Just like the $ 10 Cat5 cable in the first example , none of these transfers really cost anyone anything .
The infrastructure has already been placed .
Any fees that may be incurred are the companies amortizing their initial infrastructure investment .
In many cases , it 's simply marketing : sort of like how phone companies may charge you $ 0.25 per 60 byte text message , while letting you call someone across the country for free ( using the bandwidth of tens of thousands of text messages ) .
Data centers typically charge you for a direct pipe to the internet , for example , you simply reserve a 1 gigabit / second connection , and you are not metered by the gigabyte .
The real problem comes when you try to go through underdeveloped infrastructure .
For example , there are only a handful of routers between me and the Santa Clara data center .
However , if I do a traceroute to the same data center from my friend 's ADSL modem , it balloons to twice as many routers .
The more networks you have to pass through , the more likely it is to hit a bottleneck .
OnLive seems to be addressing this by having many geographic data centers and by striking deals with various ISPs .
They are very tightlipped about the specifics .
All I can really say is that " it works for me " , at least under the light beta load -- we may soon find out if it works on a larger scale .
How is the latency ?
This will definitely depend on where you are and how good your connection to an OnLive data center is .
The Santa Clara OnLive data center responds to a ping from me in San Francisco on Comcast in about 14 ms , so I am assuming the latency of the display is roughly that , plus a few more milliseconds for their compression algorithm .
It is definitely noticeable , but I quickly got used to it .
I played through the entirety of F.E.A.R. 2 with this latency and it did n't bother me .
However , if you have a local copy of F.E.A.R. 2 running and switch back and forth , it takes a moment to adjust to the OnLive version .
Remember when LCD screens first came out and they initially had latency ?
Some screens even sported a gamer mode that would make the screen more responsive when enabled .
OnLive feels like playing on one of those TVs -- it is most definitely playable for me , but if you 're used to zero latency , it will feel weird .
Something that was interesting to me is that when I first heard about OnLive , I thought it would be perfect for games like World of Goo while FPS games would be unplayable .
After having actually tried it , I find the opposite to be true .
Games where you need to track a cursor are very difficult to control with any latency , while I found it easier to get into 3D games like Batman , Borderlands , and F.E.A.R. 2 .
Another interesting thing is that OnLive does n't let you use a wifi connection , although this is supposed to be coming eventually .
You must be connected with ethernet .
I was a little peeved at this , so I tried a pretty simple experiment .
I set up an Airport Express to join my wireless network and then ran an ethernet cord to the Airport .
This added about a 4 ms latency and caused some jitter when packets were dropped , so I can see why they want you to plug in for the launch .
How do games look ?
This is another contentious issue .
A game looks like a 720 p video of the game .
It is nearly as good as the real thing , but obviously the compression is lossy , so it 's not perfect .
It 's really easy to tell in a game like World of Goo , which has very precise 2d art .
However , in 3d games , the compression is much harder to notice , since the textures are not so precise .
World of Goo on OnLive versus native .
World of Goo on OnLive versus native .
When I looked at F.E.A.R. 2 , I made a weird discovery -- the OnLive version is definitely not running at maximum detail as I had originally assumed .
I asked OnLive about this and they said that they do n't necessarily max out the settings , they choose what they feel is a good balance .
F.E.A.R. 2 on OnLive versus the F.E.A.R. 2 demo on my PC at max settings .
I was trying to show the OnLive video compression , but it turns out that some of the quality settings are set to the defaults , so it 's not too useful ( although that fact is interesting ) .
F.E.A.R. 2 on OnLive versus the F.E.A.R. 2 demo on my PC at max settings .
I was trying to show the OnLive video compression , but it turns out that some of the quality settings are set to the defaults , so it 's not too useful ( although that fact is interesting ) .
It is hard to describe exactly what the algorithm is doing , and screenshots are not too useful , since taking one frame of a video is sort of misleading .
What 's the point ?
So we 've established that OnLive is really , really hard to do , but seems to work quite well ( via Comcast in San Francisco during the beta , at least ) .
But why bother in the first place ?
Why is this such a big deal ?
Hardware is no longer relevant
The main feature seems to be that OnLive removes the user 's hardware from the equation .
No matter how obsolete your computer may become , you can count on it being able to play the latest AAA title .
The implications of this are massive .
Furthermore , OnLive could theoretically publish games that even the latest desktop computers could n't reasonably play .
OnLive is its own self contained platform
You " port " a PC game to OnLive and it gets sold to OnLive clients .
However , the OnLive platform runs on Mac OS X and Windows , and soon , independently on your TV .
At E3 , OnLive demoed it running on the iPad .
Mac OS
X users now get access to a ton of games that they would n't have otherwise .
If OnLive creates a Linux client , that will be even more dramatic : Linux users who traditionally are lucky to see a AAA title per half decade would suddenly be treated to a buffet of games .
Of course , as you might imagine , some publishers are not too happy about this :
Mac users are greeted to this when they try to buy Mass Effect 2 .
Mac users are greeted to this when they try to buy Mass Effect 2 .
From the OnLive FAQ
Unfortunately , because of licensing restrictions , we can only offer Mass Effect 2 for play under Windows .
So , if you do not have access to a PC , your only option to play it on a Mac is under Windows using Boot Camp or a similar system .
We apologize for the inconvenience .
OnLive has no other games in the pipeline that are Windows - only , and we do not expect to have any others .
This is ridiculous on so many levels and a great example of why OnLive is so fascinating and controversial .
I might be able to virtualize OnLive in Parallels , so that I would be playing Mass Effect 2 through OnLive on Windows running inside of Parallels virtualized on Mac OS X .
It feels bad enough when publishers do n't make the effort to support Mac OS X and Linux , the fact that EA has actually gone out of their way to make ME2 inacessible to Mac OnLive users is worth examining in its own blog post .
Games are completely sandboxed
It is a weird feeling to have a game running , not just in a sandbox , but on an entirely different computer .
The result is that even though you have 32 bots running around , with tons of explosions and other things that might bring your computer to its knees , OnLive always uses the exact same resources .
The result is that you can cmd-tab out of a game at any point , run it inside of a window , resize the window in real - time , and pause the game no matter what is happening .
We take it for granted that you can do things like watch movies on your computer while chatting with friends , answering emails , or writing code .
However , when you are playing a AAA game , it typically takes significant effort to pause the game and tab to another window ( if that is even possible ) .
With OnLive all games are good citizens : you can easily pause the game ( no matter what is happening ) and you can always instantly cmd-tab out of it , or run it in a window to start with .
In fact , you can even encode video , install things in the background , compile code , and perform other tasks that would normally be impossible while playing a game simultaneously .
Depending on the task , you may introduce some latency into OnLive .
I was able to encode a video while playing a game and it seemed to be fine , but while capturing the screen using Screen Flow for the video below , I definitely overloaded my MacBook Pro and added a bit of latency to OnLive .
Demos are painless
For this post , I wanted to do some side - by - side comparison screenshots with Unreal Tournament 3 .
I do n't own the game , so I figured I would get the demo .
Let 's see how that turned out :
I had to Google around for " Unreal Tournament 3 demo " and do some research .
I found a few demo links from various sites , but they appeared to be the beta version .
The seventh or so result on Google looked pretty legitimate : UT3 on the NVIDIA site .
I started the 758 MB download ( not bad -- the Batman and F.E.A.R. 2 demos weigh in at 2 GB ) .
A 30 minute download later and I 'm in business !
I ran the installer .
First , it had to self - extract the highly compressed installer assets ( maybe 5 minutes ) .
I had to baby - sit the installer by agreeing to the EULA and hit next a few times .
Unfortunately , Windows was installing an update in the background -- I had to restart my PC and try again .
Another 5 minutes to launch and re-extract the installer data files and manually begin the install .
Even more babysitting was necessary during the install process , when it wanted to install a version of PhysX as well .
Not a big deal , it just forces you to monitor the install , instead of letting it complete in the background .
Finally -- everything finished installing successfully .
I ran the UT3 demo , and I wish I was joking , but I got an error message saying that the UT3 demo has been tampered with and cannot run .
I failed to successfully run it at all .
Compare to OnLive :
Well , I 'll let this YouTube video do the talking . :)
This video shows the complete launch of OnLive from a cold start to entering the demo of UT3 .
Note that this video is n't meant to demo OnLive 's graphics ( it looks kind of weird after being compressed by OnLive , Screen Flow , and then again by YouTube ) or my rusty UT3 skills !
" Installing " and running the UT3 demo in OnLive in seconds .
Oh , I forgot to mention something else : UT3 does n't actually exist on Mac OS X !
To be fair , I also tried the Batman and F.E.A.R. 2 demos on my PC .
These were much easier to get through Steam despite the 2 GB download sizes , and there were no installer issues .
Granted , Batman did n't run well on my PC due to system requirements , but F.E.A.R. 2 was great .
Software as a service
As a " software as a service " application , OnLive has a huge amount of flexibility on what it can do .
For example , it is possible to buy 3 - 5 day passes for games at a hugely discounted price .
Steam and other more traditional distributors can't do this unless they load up the games with tremendous DRM .
OnLive can do it effortlessly .
They also let you play most games for 30 minutes for free ( currently , as many times as you want ) .
The flipside is that you have absolutely no ownership of games .
See Stallman 's warning about software as a service .
This is basically a free software nightmare : you run a small proprietary portal into a world of completely closed applications .
The only window between you and your games is a proprietary audiovisual stream .
I have a feeling this is going to be such a contentious issue it is probably worth a separate blog post about it , but I am finding it hard to be unhappy about it because as a consumer you inherently know what you are getting when you use OnLive .
It is completely intuitive that you are not the owner of the game and you are playing it through a thin - client .
It 's akin to watching something on pay - per-view , instead of buying a DVD .
The DVD will often have all sorts of EULA and onerous DRM which tries to bully you into making it as similar to the pay - per - view experience as possible .
When you watch something on PPV , you typically have no expectations that you own it , so it is not even an issue .
Indie friendly ?
World of Goo and Dejobaan's AaaaaAAaaaAAAaaAAAAaAAAAA !!!
are already on the service as launch titles , which is a good sign .
I briefly talked to OnLive at GDC and the impression I got is that they definitely want indie games , but they have limited resources so can only sign up a few at a time .
We 'll see if they let Overgrowth or Lugaru on .
Final thoughts
I think that OnLive is the most impressive demo of cloud computing to date .
Video games are pretty much the most intensive kinds of desktop applications out there , stressing every part of a computer 's hardware and requiring updates in real - time .
The fact that OnLive has apparently tackled this beast pretty well opens a ton of possibilities .
I ( and probably other people ) were under the impression that OnLive was going to have a grand opening today , but it looks like they will be in fact having a more modest opening , letting people in slowly on a first come first serve basis .
If you sign up for their " founding members program " you 'll get an email explaining :
There are a limited number of available Accounts in each region of the contiguous United States .
Founding Member Waiting
List registrants deemed eligible for the Offer will be sent email invitations in the order that valid sign - ups were received in regions that become available .
What do you think about OnLive and cloud gaming ?
Is it going to be a sea of change in how we play games , or will it burn out its investor funding before it takes off ?
Microsoft , Windows , and Microsoft DirectX are registered trademarks of Microsoft Corporation in the United States and / or other countries .
Other company and product names are trademarks or registered trademarks of their respective owners .
A Palestinian man has been convicted of rape after having consensual sex with a woman who had believed him to be a fellow Jew .
Sabbar Kashur , 30 , was sentenced to 18 months in prison on Monday after the court ruled that he was guilty of rape by deception .
According to the complaint filed by the woman with the Jerusalem district court , the two met in downtown Jerusalem in September 2008 where Kashur , an Arab from East Jerusalem , introduced himself as a Jewish bachelor seeking a serious relationship .
The two then had consensual sex in a nearby building before Kashur left .
When she later found out that he was not Jewish but an Arab , she filed a criminal complaint for rape and indecent assault .
Although Kashur was initially charged with rape and indecent assault , this was changed to a charge of rape by deception as part of a plea bargain arrangement .
Handing down the verdict , Tzvi Segal , one of three judges on the case , acknowledged that sex had been consensual but said that although not " a classical rape by force , " the woman would not have consented if she had not believed Kashur was Jewish .
The sex therefore was obtained under false pretences , the judges said .
" If she had n't thought the accused was a Jewish bachelor interested in a serious romantic relationship , she would not have cooperated , " they added .
The court ruled that Kashur should receive a jail term and rejected the option of a six - month community service order .
He was said to be seeking to appeal .
Segal said : " The court is obliged to protect the public interest from sophisticated , smooth - tongued criminals who can deceive innocent victims at an unbearable price – the sanctity of their bodies and souls .
When the very basis of trust between human beings drops , especially when the matters at hand are so intimate , sensitive and fateful , the court is required to stand firmly at the side of the victims – actual and potential – to protect their wellbeing .
Otherwise , they will be used , manipulated and misled , while paying only a tolerable and symbolic price . "
Gideon Levy , a liberal Israeli commentator , was quoted as saying : " I would like to raise only one question with the judge .
What if this guy had been a Jew who pretended to be a Muslim and had sex with a Muslim woman ?
" Would he have been convicted of rape ?
The answer is : of course not . "
Arabs constitute about 20 % of Israel 's population , but relationships between Jews and Arabs are rare .
There are few mixed neighbourhoods or towns , and Arabs suffer routine discrimination .
Israeli MPs are considering a law requiring prospective Israeli citizens to declare loyalty to Israel as a " Jewish , democratic state " .
Many Arabs would balk at swearing allegiance to a state which they see as explicitly excluding or marginalising them .
Dan Meridor , a deputy prime minister in Binyamin Netanyahu 's government , is opposed to the proposal .
" Why does every bill need the word ' Jewish ' in it – to show the Arab citizens that it does n't belong to them ?
Then we 're all shocked when they radicalise their stance .
" The majority does n't need to remind the minority that it is in fact a minority all the time , " he added .
The Hanging of " long Steve " Young , Laramie City , Ocober 28 , 1868 , photo by Arundel C. Hull .
The above photo shows the Union Pacific Hotel , Eating House , and Depot in Laramie City .
Note that the tracks have not yet been completed .
The photographer , Arundel C. Hull ( 1846-1908 ) , arrived in Omaha in 1867 , spent the next three years taking photographs in Wyoming , Colorado , and Utah .
Hull accompanied William Henry Jackson , on his 1869 journey to Salt Lake City discussed with regard to Wm. H. Jackson .
In 1873 , he moved to Fremont , Nebraska .
As noted with regard to the discussion of Sherman on the next page , as the Union Pacific moved west there were also created instant boom towns at the end of the line serving the grading crews and providing a " jumping off " spot for those heading further west .
The instant towns were filled with lawless elements .
Thus , the first rector of St. Mark 's Episcopal Church in Cheyenne , the Reverend Joseph W. Cook , noted upon his arrival in 1868 :
The activity of the place is surprising , and the wickedness is unimaginable and appalling .
This is a great center for gamblers of all shades , and roughs and troops of lewd women , and bullwhackers .
Almost every other house is a drinking saloon , gambling house , restaurant or bawdy . "
If anything , The Reverend Cook 's comments were an understatement .
On March 20 , 1868 , as an example , the proprietor of a dance house , Charles Martin , shot dead his partner , Andy Harris .
The dance house had allegedly been purchased by the two partners from the proceeds of an armed robbery .
Although Martin had been acquitted by a jury , justice was served by men in black masks removing him from the Keystone Dance Hall on 17th Street where he had been dancing the night away .
The Cheyenne Argus reported that at the door of the dance hall Martin was seized by four or five men and dragged into the middle of the road .
The men then shut the door of the dance house and the persons inside , including a policeman , were prevented from getting out .
Martin 's body was found dangling from a crude gallows at present day 300 E. 17th Street .
He apparently strangled to death as the rope was only two feet long .
The Argus noted : Charles Martin was originally from Lexington , Mo. , where his family is well connected , and where he has left a wife and two children .
He career on the plains first commenced as wagonmaster for Russell , Major & Waddell , and until the last eighteen months or two years , he always pursued that business .
Lately , he had fallen completely into evil ways , spending his time in gambling and drinking .
He also acquired the reputation of a throough desperade , ready to shoot at a moment 's notice .
We have not learned that he killed any other men besides Harris , but last summer at Julesburg he shot at Capt .
O'Brien without the slightest provocation , the ball grazing that gentleman 's body .
Even those whose nature rebels against secret , midnight assassination in any shape or form , cannot but be glad at the country being rid of such a dangerous character .
[ Writer 's note : Capt .
O'Brien , Nickolas J. O'Brien , later Sheriff of Laramie County . ]
The same night , two alleged mule thieves met the same fate behind the Elephant Corral .
[ writer 's note :
The Elephant Corral was a freight depot where freighters could load freight and keep their animals between loads . ]
A correspondent for the Chicago Tribune , Jim Chisholm , described Cheyenne :
The wildest roughs from all parts of the country are congregated here , as one may see by glancing into numerouse dance - houses and gambling hells -- men who carry on the trade of robbery openly , and would not scruple to kill a man for ten dollars .
This class is decidedly in the majority , and they have carried matters with a high hand for sometime past .
Strangers are beset and robbed , and honest traders leaving the city with their mule teams are often waylaid and rendered penniless at a moment 's warning .
For more on the early days of Cheyenne , see Cheyenne .
Laramie was so bad , that supervision of the town had to be taken over by the Federal Court .
Indeed , in these towns four times as many railroad workers were killed than were killed by accidents on the right - of - way .
The lawless elements were brought under control by the actions of Committees of Vigilence .
In Laramie City , N. K. Boswell , first sheriff of Albany County and later deputy United States Marshall and warden of the Territorial Prison , was reputedly a member of the Committee .
In Laramie City , in addition to Young pictured at the top of the page , at least three other miscreants met their end at the hands of the Committee , including Asa " Ace " Moore , Con Wagner ( a.k.a. Con Moore ) , and an individual known as " Big Ned " or " Big Ed " Bernard .
In the early morning hours of October 28 , 1868 , members of the Committee of Vigilence proceeded to the Belle of the West , a tent saloon operated by Ace Moore and his half brother Con .
The saloon had a reputation for violence and thus was referred to by locals as the " Bucket of Blood . "
The term bucket of blood was commonly applied to any saloon in the west with a violent reputation .
Ace and Con with " Long Steve " Young were self appointed town marshals .
The three had been implicated in a number of killings in Laramie City .
By October 1868 at least thirteen men had been killed and another seven died under suspicious circumstances which pointed to the three . "
On October 18 , a prospector " Hard Luck " Harrison was killed in a gunfight with an unknown assailant .
Most killings in Laramie City , however , were by garrotting .
After a fifteen minute gun battle between the vigilantes and the denizens of the saloon , Ace , Big Ned , and Con were captured , taken to an incomplete cabin behind the Frontier Hotel and summarily hanged .
In the battle , Charles Barton , a coronet player , was killed and William Willie , a Union Pacific fireman was mortally wounded .
Also wounded was William McPherson .
. . .
Left to Right : " Big Ned " Bernard , Asa Moore , Con Moore
On the way to the unfinished cabin , Big Ned , sometimes referred to as " Big Ed , " was silent .
At the cabin , he asked if his captors minded if he took off his boots ; he did not want to die with his boots on .
Note in the above photos , Big Ned is in his stocking feet .
In the morning with the bodies of the three turning stiff with rigor mortis , Long Steve was politely told that it was advisable that he leave town .
Allegedly , Long Steve 's fiancée had reported to N. K. Boswell that Long Steve had admitted to her that he was the one who killed Hard Luck Harrison .
Long
Steve declined to leave , reportedly saying that he was n't going to let a bunch of stranglers scare him .
That , however , proved to be a mistake .
The crime problem in Laramie ended .
The use of Committees of Vigilence might be excused as being brought on by practical necessity .
It will be recalled that in the early years , what is now Wyoming was a part of Dakota Territory .
Although justices of the peace may have been appointed to provide a semblance of due process for minor crimes , they had not jurisdiction to try felonies such as homicide .
The closest court with such jurisdiction was in Yankton about 600 miles away .
Lawyer , John Wesley Clampitt , later observed that efforts to take the accused to Yankton went for naught , they either escaped or were freed by their comrades .
Nor was trial in front of the justice of the peace certain of result .
Clampitt recalled being employed as co-counsel to represent one alleged murderer in Cheyenne .
The defense was to be the lack of jurisdiction of the court to try the prisoner and , therefore , the prisoner would have to be discharged .
The two lawyers agreed to split the fee of $ 2,000.00 .
$ 2,000.00 in 1867 was a lot of money .
Clampitt explained :
The argument on the jurisdiction of his honor 's court was set for the following day , and the object of the lawyer 's visit was to retain me in the case , agreeing to fairly divide the fee .
which was § 2,000 .
This may be considered a large fee for a small amount of work , but it must be remembered that in those early days lawyers were scarce and money plentiful among the class that never worked for a living .
Besides , it resolved itself into a philosophical financial question .
If the prisoner should be discharged from custody , he could , by going upon the road , retrieve his fortunes in a day , perhaps .
If he died he would have no use for the material money , of a material world .
His spirit would soar to those spiritual realms where all good murderers go !
In any event , therefore , it was best that the money should go into the lawyer 's pockets , and in it went !
Of course I should have been untrue to every professional instinct , had I declined the generous offer of this brother in the wilderness .
I agreed to help him divide the prisoner 's fortune .
Unfortunately , Clampitt became seriously ill .
After treatment by a physician , Clampitt was late to the court tent .
He arrived just in time to find that his honor had discharged the prisoner without the necessity of Clampitt 's services .
Thus , Clampitt received no part of the fee .
A few of these instant towns , typically division points such as Cheyenne and Laramie , became permanent cities .
Some such as Sherman and Ft. Steele lasted a little longer .
And yet others which consisted little more than tents and a few shanties in which saloon keepers , gamblers , and soiled doves plied their respective trades , may have lasted only a matter of months .
As the tracks were extended , the inhabitants of the towns would pack up , load up on wagons and move to the next town , giving rise to the expression , " Hell on wheels , " but perhaps borrowing the expression from a description of the inhabitants of General Casement 's work train .
The worst of these temporary towns was Benton , which became the Territory 's first ghost town .
Jack Morrow ( center ) seated on barrel , Benton , Wyoming , 1868 .
John A. " Jack " Morrow ( 1832 -1876 ) , seated on a barrel in the above photo , was originally a freighter who allegedly got his grubstake by stealing gunpowder from barrels on a wagon train on which he was the wagon boss .
The barrels of gunpowder when delivered were found to be filled with sand .
With his initial funds , Morrow established a road ranch and trading establishment south of the confluence of the South Platte and North Platte Rivers .
From his seat of operations , he preyed upon travelers by having Indians steal stock which would then be added to Morrow 's herds .
The road ranch was a two and 1 /2 story log building with associated corrals and outbuildings .
As the railroad progressed westward , Morrow became quite wealthy by selling railroad ties to the road and furnishing cattle for the annual Indian annuities .
Wen railroad construction finally passed him by , he abandoned the road ranch and moved west .
Ultimately , he moved to Omaha where he bought a magnificent mansion .
He was described by Walter H. Rowley , Omaha World - Herald , 1954 , as " a handsome , mustachioed , goateed dandy whose flair for flashy dress came close to Wild Bill Hickok's . "
Morrow 's fortune was soon dissipated with booze and gambling at Matt Harris 's gambling den in Omaha .
He was a binge drinker who would when besotted light his cigars with bank notes .
Morrow 's memory lives on in the name of Jack Morrow Hills , Jack Morrow Creek and Jack Morrow Canyon in northern Sweetwater County .
Benton , 11 miles east of present day Rawlins at UP milepost 672.1 , lasted only three months from July to September 1868 , and attained a population of 3,000 .
The town was three miles from the closest source of water .
Thus , there was not much of a demand for water at ten cents a pail , particularly when " forty - rod " cost only twenty - five cents a glass .
" Forty - rod " is a villainous homemade whiskey warranted to kill at forty rods distance .
The town , itself , was named after Thomas Hart Benton ( 1782 -1858 ) , senator from Missouri , father - in - law of John C. Fremont , and an avid advocate of western expansion .
He early supported roads , stage lines , the telegraph , and the railroad .
In one speech he noted of the west : " In some respects , it is a desert - barren of wood - sprinkled with sandy plains - melancholy under the somber aspect of the gloomy artemisia - and desolate from volcanic rocks , through the chasms of which plunge the headlong streams .
But this desert has its redeeming points - much water , grass , many oases , mountains capped with snow , to refresh the air , the land , and the eye - blooming valleys - a clear sky , pure air , and a supreme salubrity .
It is home of the horse found there wild in all the perfection of his first nature - beautiful and fleet - fiery and docile - patient , enduring , . and affectionate .
The country that produces such horses must also produce men , and cattle , and all the other animals ; and must have many beneficient attributes to redeem it from the stigma of desolation . "
During the three months of Benton 's existence , the town provided an interesting contrast .
On one hand , it had twenty - five saloons and five dance halls .
The largest of the saloons was a canvas structure referred to as the " Big Tent , " 100 feet in depth , 40 feet wide , and in back there were canvas cubicles in which nymphs du pave plied their trade .
Immediately next to the cubicles , a physician had set up shop to cure any maladies that may have been contracted in the cubicles .
Zane Grey in his UPR Trail described the bar : [ I ]t had been brought complete from St. Louis * * * .
It seemed a huge , glittering , magnificent monstrosity in that coarse , bare setting .
Wide mirrors , glistening bottles , paintings of nude women , row after row of polished glasses , a brawny , villainous barkeeper , with three attendants , all working fast , a line of rough , hoarse men five deep before the counter -- all these things constituted a scene that had the aspects of a city and yet was redolent with an atmosphere no city ever knew .
The drinkers were not all rough men .
There were elegant black - hatted , frock - coated men of leisure in that line -- not directors and commissioners and traveling guests of the U. P. R. , but gentlemen of chance .
Gamblers !
Zane Grey continues with the scene at night :
The sun set , the twilight fell , the wind went down , the dust settled , and night mantled Benton .
The roar of the day became subdued .
It resembled the purr of a gorging hyena .
The yellow and glaring torches , the bright lamps , the dim , pale lights behind tent walls , all accentuated the blackness of the night and filled space with shadows , like specters .
Benton 's streets were full of drunken men , staggering back along the road upon which they had marched in .
No woman now showed herself .
The darkness seemed a cloak , cruel yet pitiful .
It hid the flight of a man running from fear ; it softened the sounds of brawling and deadened the pistol - shot .
Under its cover soldiers slunk away sobered and ashamed , and murderous bandits waited in ambush , and brawny porters dragged men by the heels , and young gamblers in the flush of success hurried to new games , and broken wanderers sought some place to rest , and a long line of the vicious , of mixed dialect , and of different colors , filed down in the dark to the tents of lust .
Life indoors that night in Benton was monstrous , wonderful , and hideous .
Every saloon was packed , and every dive and room filled with a hoarse , violent mob of furious men : furious with mirth , furious with drink , furious with wildness -- insane and lecherous , spilling gold and blood .
The gold that did not flow over the bars went into the greedy hands of the cold , swift gamblers or into the clutching fingers of wild - eyed women .
The big gambling - hell had extra lights , extra attendants , extra tables ; and there round the great glittering mirror - blazing bar struggled and laughed and shouted a drink - sodden mass of humanity .
And all through the rest of the big room groups and knots of men stood and sat around the tables , intent , absorbed , obsessed , listening with strained ears , watching with wild eyes , reaching with shaking hands -- only to gasp and throw down their cards and push rolls of gold toward cold - faced gamblers , with a muttered curse .
This was the night of golden harvest for the black - garbed , steel - nerved , cold - eyed card - sharps .
They knew the brevity of time , and of hour , and of life .
In the dancing - halls there was a maddening whirl , an immense and incredible hilarity , a wild fling of unleashed , burly men , an honest drunken spree .
But there was also the hideous , red-eyed drunkenness that did not spring from drink ; the unveiled passion , the brazen lure , the raw , corrupt , and terrible presence of bad women in absolute license at a wild and baneful hour .
Benjamin Marks Professional gamblers infested all of the end - of - track towns .
In Cheyenne , 19 - year old Ben Marks arrived in 1867 , but soon discovered that there was much competition .
He hit upon a profitable solution , he opened a " Dollar Store " in which highly attractive merchandise was displayed in the window priced at only a dollar .
When greed for the very much underpriced goods sucked customers in , they would be diverted to a game of three - card monte .
In the game , the customers would be stripped of all money and , thus , there was no danger of the goods actually being sold .
During Benton 's brief existence , reputedly over 100 souls met their Maker in gunfights .
One visitor referred to Benton as " nearer a repetition of Sodom and Gomorrah than any other place in America . "
On the other hand , General Grant during his 1868 visit to Wyoming visited the town .
Additionally , the town in August and September 1868 , provided the jumping off location for 2,000 Saints in 5 companies heading to Utah .
Of Benton , early western travel writer Samuel Bowles ( 1826-1878 ) wrote :
When we were on the line , this congregation of scum and wickedness was within the Desert section , and was called Benton .
One to two thousand men , and a dozen or two women were encamped on the alkali plain in tents and board shanties ; not a tree , not a shrub , not a blade of grass was visible ; the dust ankle deep as we walked through it , and so fine and volatile that the slightest breeze loaded the air with it , irritating every sense and poisoning half of them ; a village of a few variety stores and shops , and many restaurants and grog - shops ; by day disgusting , by night dangerous ; almost everybody dirty , many filthy , and with the marks of lowest vice ; averaging a murder a day ; gambling and drinking , hurdy - gurdy dancing .
Like its predecessors , it fairly festered in corruption , disorder and death , and would have rotted , even in this dry air , had it outlasted a brief sixty - day life .
But in a few weeks its tents were struck , its shanties razed , and with their dwellers moved on fifty or a hundred miles farther to repeat their life for another brief day .
Where these people came from originally ; where they went to when the road was finished , and their occupation was over , were both puzzles too intricate for me .
Hell would appear to have been raked to furnish them ; and to it they must have naturally returned after graduating here , fitted for its highest seats and most diabolical service .
Bear River City , Wyoming Territory
Of a similar nature was Bear River City about 10 miles south of Evanston .
Bear River City , 1867 , pictured above , is not to be confused with the city of the same name in Utah , Bear River City , at its peak had a newspaper , The Frontier Index , published by Legh R. Freeman ( 1842-1915 ) .
Legh Freeman , a Confederate telegrapher , was captured in 1864 and took advantage of amnesty afforded to those who would become " galvanized Yankees , " i. e. enlist in the Union Army for service in the west .
The end of the war found Freeman in Fort Kearney .
Freeman , utilizing a box car as a printing office , followed the tracks starting his newspaper in Fort Kearney , and moving westward to Julesburg , Cheyenne , Fort Sanders , Green River City and Ogden .
When word was recieved as to the election of Grant , Freeman , remaining an unrepenitent Confederate sympathizer and not exactly the voice of moderation , excited the attention of his readers , many of whom were Union veterans , by referred to Grant as " the whiskey bloated , squaw ravishing adulterer , nigger worshipping mogul rejoicing over his election to the presidency . "
Indeed , his views earned for his paper the reputation of being that " filthy Rebel sheet . "
Legh R. Freeman Additionally , Freeman was not a milquetoast in expressing his opinions as to fraud by the Railroad or his opinions as to others .
In the November 15 , 1868 edition of The Index he expressed his opinions as to Blacks , Indians and Chinese .
If his opinions did n't get the attention of the gentle reader , he persisted several days later with a vitriolic attack on the L.D.S. and a call for the lynching of three accused murderers .
Following the necktie party , a group of vigilantes turned on him .
Nineteen years later in the June 19 , 1877 edition of the Ogden [ Utah ] Freeman he described , with perhaps some exaggeration , the reason for his departure from Wyoming : " The next morning at the break of day , when several thousand graders headed by the most villainous desperadoes , beseiged the office , gutted and sacked it , and threatened to burn us in it , and would undoubtedly have left nothing but a grease spot of our mortal remains had not a milk white steed conveyed us to Fort Bridger , where we obtained troops , who arrested the leaders and held the town under martial law until the large gangs of men passed westward to the grading camps of Echo and Weber Canyon .
Forty - odd rioters are buried around the office .
the only citizen killed in the melee was Steve Stokes .
The last of the cutthroats has died with his boots on and the ringleader had his head chopped off with an ax . "
Freeman , however , was irrepressible .
Within a few months he resumed publication in Montana , renaming the paper the Frontier Phoenix .
He explained , " the Institution shall rise , Phoenix - like , from her ashes , to still advocate the cause of right and truth , to denounce tricksters and mobocracy , uphold the good and faithful . "
Union Pacfic under construction , Echo Canyon , 1869 , photo by Wm. H. Jackson
The graders from Echo Canyon were , however , a bit rough .
When the Echo Canyon saloon was torn down years later , seven human skeletons were found under the floor boards .
A more accurate version of the November 19 , 1868 , Bear River City Riot was described by George Crofutt in his 1872 edition of Crofutt 's Trans - Continental Tourist 's Guide : The Bear River City Riot cost sixteen lives , including that of one citizen .
The mob first attacked and burned the jail , taking thence one of their kind who was confined there .
They next sacked the office and destroyed the material of the Frontier Index .
Elated with their success , the mob , numbering about 300 well - armed desperados , marched up the main street and made an attack on a store , belonging to one of the leading merchants .
Here they were met with a volley from Henry rifles , in the hands of brave and determined citizens , who had collected in the store .
The mob was thrown into confusion and fled down the street , pursued by the citizens , about thirty in number .
The first volley and the running fight left fifteen of the desperados dead on the street .
the number of wounded was never ascertained , but several bodies were afterwards found in the gulches and among the rocks , where they had crawled away and died .
One citizen was slain in the attack on the jail .
By 1872 , Crofutt reported that nothing of Bear River City was left except some chimneys and rusted oyster tins .
With Victorian rectitude and between the lines , Crofutt was relaying to his readers the nature of the facilities at Bear River City .
In the 19th Century West , oysters were commonly believed to have had an affect on the libido .
Roger L. Welsch in his Catfish at the Pump : Humor and the Frontier , University of Nebraska Press , 1986 , observed , " Garbage dumps of 19th century ' hog ranches ' are distinquished by the preponderace of oyster tins . "
Among those who assisted in putting down the riot was a former New York City police officer , Thomas James Smith .
Smith , as a result of his actions , earned the appellation " Bear River Tom . "
Smith subsequently became the first town marshal of Abilene , Kansas .
There he , among other things , closed down the " Red Light District " after a murder in one of the " dens of iniquity . "
Smith was killed on November 2 , 1870 , while attempting to arrest Andrew McConnell .
Smith was buried in a $ 2.00 grave .
In 1904 the City removed his remains to a more prestigious part of the cemetary and provided a grave marker .
Smith 's year of birth is given by various sources as 1830 , 1835 , and 1840 .
Thus , as the railroad crews and the assorted hangers - on moved westward , the population of the Territory declined .
In 1868 , at the peak of railroad construction , the Territory had a population of about 16,000 , but by mid-1869 the population was only a little over 8,000 .
Ames Monument , 2001 , photo by Geoff Dobson
When the writer arrived at the above scene for the purpose of taking some photos , an individual from the blue minivan was relieving himself on the monument .
Perhaps , but not likely , he was expressing his opinion from an historical perspective of the Ames Brothers in whose honor the monument was erected .
Indeed , in an historical context one might not feel too kindly of Oliver Ames , Jr. ( 1807 - 1877 ) and Oakes Ames ( 1804 - 1873 ) .
The two were at the very center of one of the greatest financial scandals in the history of the American body politic , a scandal which swirled around the financing for the Union Pacific and which implicated in allegations of bribery the Vice President of the United States Schuyler Colfax , the Speaker of the House of Representatives James G. Blain , the Republican candidate for vice president Henry Wilson , and a future president of the United States James A. Garfield , as well as numerous congressmen .
Bas -Relief by August Saint - Gaudens , Ames Monument , photo by Geoff Dobson
In the 1860 's the attention of Oakes Ames , a congressman from Massachusetts , and his brother was drawn to the Union Pacific and the generous subsidies it was receiving from Congress .
The two , having made a fortune in the management of their father 's shovel works which boasted of an average yearly production of over 1,400,000 shovels a year , acquired control over the Union Pacific .
As a part of their scheme to take advantage of the government subsidies , they also acquired control of a Pennsylvania corporation which they renamed Credit Mobilier .
The Union Pacific then contracted with Credit Mobilier to construct 667 miles of the railroad .
The actual cost to Credit Mobilier was $ 44,000,000 .
The contract , using government subsidized funding , was for more than $ 94,000,000 .
In order to preclude Congressional investigation , a large block of Credit Mobilier stock held by Congressman Ames as trustee was ostensibly " sold " to influential congressmen for one - third of its actual value .
However , the " sale " did not require actual money .
The sales price was paid from the dividends resulting from the profits on the railroad construction .
Ultimately , the scandal was revealed by the New York Sun .
Although no one was indicted , Congressman Ames was censured by Congress and died several months later , his reputation ruined .
The Union Pacific was left heavily in debt .
Oakes Ames
The monument , itself , was designed by Henry Hobson Richardson , who was also the architect for the Marshal Field 's Store in Chicago .
It has been contended that Richardson in his design was inspired by the philosophy of Frederick Law Olmstead , designer of New York 's Central Park .
Indeed , at the time the monument was under construction Olmstead wrote a member of the Ames Family that it " was customary to commemorate important events by a form of monument * * * * by bringing together at a place agreed upon a great quantity of loose field stones and laying them up in the conical pile known as a cairn . "
The bas-reliefs of the Ames Brothers on either side of the monument were sculpted by August Saint - Gaudens , famous as the designer of the $ 20.00 gold piece .
Music this Page : Marching Through Georgia .
As indicated above , many of the railroad workers were Union veterans .
One of their favorite songs was Marching Through Georgia .
Next page , Sherman and Dale Creek Bridge .
Mainstream media has gone ga ga about Twitter , which grew more than 1,200 % in the past year , doubled its members in the past few months and attained 14 million members in March , according to Compete
Everyone and his dog seems to be tweeting , from CEOs , celebrities and not - for - profits to venture capitalists , banks , business services , government and , well , dogs ( and cats and the random parakeet , too ) .
Should your business be tweeting ?
Twitter is not for everyone .
Here are the " Top 10 Reasons Not to Tweet . "
In this week 's Ask a Physicist , we answer a question that 's on everyone 's mind :
Can we use quantum entanglement to make a mockery of the speed of light , and create intergalactic communications devices like Le Guin 's " ansible " ?
Advertisement
This week 's Ask a Physicist comes to us from a huge number of you , but was first posed by Michael Glasky who asks :
In sci -fi movies and books and games we consistently hear that quantum entanglement is used to communicate across the galaxy instantaneously .
Would this really work ?
Does action on one particle instantly affect the other no matter what distance ?
And could the movements of the particle be interpreted for the purpose of communication ?
Advertisement
This being io9 , you 're probably already familiar with the basic argument : you and a friend each have a particle which is " entangled " in some way .
You manipulate your particle in such a way that yours acts as a transmitter and your friend 's acts as a receiver .
Since we 're talking about quantum mechanics , this typically involves subatomic particles , and there are n't that many things you can jigger in your particle .
In fact , there 's only one : spin .
Spin sounds familiar , and for the most part it is .
Electron spin is different from the spin of the earth in that you can't get rid of it no matter how hard you try .
You can only change its direction .
Since you 've got a spinning electron , it forms a microscopic electromagnet .
If you want to figure out which direction an electron is spinning ( and you 'll see in a bit that you do ) , all you need to do is run it through a device consisting of a pair of ordinary magnets and see which direction the electron gets deflected .
But here 's the weird part :
If the device is oriented vertically , the electron will be measured to be either spin - up or spin - down , never somewhere in between .
Again , this is way different from the spin of the earth which is tilted about 23 1/2 degrees compared to the ecliptic ( that 's why your globe is all tilty ) .
Likewise , if you turn your device to measure the horizontal spin , you 'll find that it 's either spin - left or spin-right .
Stranger still , is that your measurements depend in a big way on the order in which you make them .
I can measure an electron to be spin up , for example , and then turn my measuring device on its side to try to measure the left - right spin .
You 'd think , if you were a rationally - minded person , " The spin is up .
Therefore , the left - ness and right - ness should both be zero . "
Advertisement
You'd be wrong .
There 's a 50 % chance of measuring spin-left and a 50 % chance of measuring spin-right .
Measurement once again messes up the system .
Advertisement
I 'll bet you can already see the appeal of spin to someone building a communicator .
You run a particle through a device and get a readout saying up or down .
It could just as easily be a zero or a one , and you could send binary messages ( Q : Will you go out with me ?
A : Spin down ! ) .
To send the message , though , you need to send a particle , and that decidedly goes slower than light .
To build our faster - than - light ansible , we need a pair of them .
Advertisement
Take a spinless particle that decays into a electron and ( its anti-particle ) a positron , each shooting off in opposite directions .
Since we started with no spin , the spin of the positron must be opposite of that spin of the electron — they have to add up to zero .
They are , in other words , entangled .
It 's very easy to underestimate how weird quantum entanglement is .
For instance , if I measure the electron as spin up , I know that the positron is spin down .
This is ridiculously trivial , and barely deserves the name entanglement .
Advertisement
However , in the instant before we measured the spin of the electron , nothing in the world could have told you whether it was spin up or spin down .
Supposing you measure it as spin- up , then it's not only the wave function of your electron that collapses but the positron as well , even if the positron is halfway across the universe .
Einstein , famously , could n't believe that spin was really random , and really could n't believe in a spooky action at a distance .
But in the 1960's John Bell came up with a way of testing whether quantum mechanics really was random , and these experiments were first performed in the 1980's .
As funny as it's making you feel , it 's apparently the way the universe works .
We talk a lot about spin in Chapter 3 of my book , if you 'd like to learn more through goofy cartoons .
Advertisement
So we can collapse the wavefunctions of two particles at opposite ends of the universe instantaneously .
This ends up being surprisingly unhelpful .
Advertisement
From the positron guy 's perspective , 50 % of the time , he measures spin - up ( when you measure spin - down ) , and 50 % of the time he measures spin - down ( when you measure spin - up ) .
Let 's say you decide to be clever and send him a message by turning your measurement device on its side .
Half the time you see spin - left , and the other half , spin-right .
But in each case , positron guy has a 50 - 50 chance of measuring spin - up versus spin-down .
In other words , there 's absolutely nothing he can observe on his end that tells him anything about what you 're doing on yours .
What we have here is a failure to communicate .
I 'm sure you 've heard some things in the schoolyard .
Things that suggest that there is a way to cheat and send messages .
This brings us to :
Common Misconception 1 : Messing with one of the electrons directly alters the other electron .
Advertisement
I put it in bold so you would n't miss the point .
If io9 allowed me to , I 'd make it blink as well .
There 's this idea that because the pair of particles is entangled , you can decide to simply snatch the electron out of the air and manipulate it until it is spin- up , and then you know that the positron is spin - down .
If this were true , then you could send instantaneous messages by simply successively flipping your electron spin and having your friend read the spin of his positron .
This does not work .
If you mess with the electron , the pair simply is n't entangled any more .
If you want the technical term , it 's called decoherence , and it 's simply a fancy way of saying that entanglement does n't last forever .
And by " not forever , " I mean that the longest decoherence timescales are tiny fractions of seconds .
So much for sending messages across the universe .
Advertisement
Common Misconception 2 : Quantum Teleportation works at faster than light speeds .
Some of you have likely heard of more sophisticated attempts to send information quantum mechanically .
The design specs get a little convoluted , but the simplest procedure is :
1 . Take an entangled particle pair and keep one for yourself , and send another to your friend .
Advertisement
2 . Wait a while ( till your friend has gotten good and far away ) , and then take a particle you 'd like to " teleport , " ( call it " A " ) and set it to whatever state you like .
Teleportation in this case will involve sending the spin of your particle to your friend .
3 . Scatter your entangled particle with particle " A . "
4 . Your friend 's particle will now be related to the original spin state of particle " A . "
Advertisement
Voila !
You 've teleported a particle , and you 've done so instantaneously , but do n't hurt yourself patting yourself on the back .
Things get kind of tricky because of the " related to " that I slipped in .
The fact is that your friend 's particle can actually be in either the spin - up or spin - down state , depending on the final state of particle " A . "
In other words , to figure out whether you 've send a positive image or a negative image of the original , you need to measure particle " A " and then send that info to your friend using telegraph or smoke signals .
Or to put it another way , you are the speed of light 's bitch once again .
Advertisement
Dave Goldberg is the author , with Jeff Blomquist , of " A User 's Guide to the Universe : Surviving the Perils of Black Holes , Time Paradoxes , and Quantum Uncertainty . "
( Like us on facebook or follow me on twitter . )
He is an Associate Professor of Physics at Drexel University .
Feel free to send him your questions about the universe .
Advertisement
Top image by El Caganer .
“ Trinta di Mei allowed us to recognize the subversive treasure we had in our language , which existed for centuries so we could keep secrets from the Dutch , ” said Frank Martinus , 73 , a Curaçaoan writer and founder of Kolegio Erasmo , a grade school where Papiamentu is the main language .
Papiamentu still has a way to go in usurping Dutch from some spheres .
Curaçao ’s laws are still written in Dutch .
Some schools start out teaching children in Papiamentu , but then transition to Dutch , bowing to the economic opportunities the Netherlands still provide for many islanders .
Even Mr. Martinus wrote his 1973 novel “ Double Play , ” considered the masterpiece of modern Curaçaoan literature , in Dutch .
He said that was a necessity at the time he wrote it , since he needed money fast while living in the Netherlands .
Now the novel is being translated into Papiamentu by Lucille Berry - Haseth , a Curaçaoan poet .
Ms. Berry - Haseth , 73 , revels in Papiamentu ’s playfulness and capacity to absorb new influences , joking in an interview , for instance , that she was a “ puitu killer , ” or “ cradle robber , ” since she was a few years older than her husband .
“ Puitu ” ( pronounced poo - EE - too ) , she explained , came from the Spanish word “ pollito , ” for “ little chicken ” or “ chick , ” while “ killer ” came from English .
Papiamentu ’s origins fascinate linguists ; it emerged in a Dutch colony but its core vocabulary is a mix of Portuguese and Spanish .
( Dutch Creoles crystallized elsewhere in the Dutch empire . )
Some scholars say Papiamentu evolved from a Portuguese - based lingua franca once used in West Africa , developing further in the 17th century when Curaçao was an entrepôt for South America ’s slave trade and a cosmopolitan Dutch outpost settled in part by Portuguese - and Spanish - speaking Jews .
Whatever its origins , Papiamentu today evokes a bit of the rhythm of Brazilian Portuguese , sprinkled with words from Dutch and English but also largely from the Spanish of Venezuela .
Papiamentu speakers frequently employ racy slang that would seem out of place in the pages of a family newspaper but not on the streets of Caracas .
Moreover , many Curaçaoans are remarkably polyglot , fluently speaking Papiamentu , Dutch , English and Spanish .
He referred to it as his '' party trick ' ' - exposing his genital piercing , or opening a beer bottle with a bottle opener attached to it .
And police officer Sergeant Andrew Lawrance is certain no one was offended when he performed the trick to a small group of fellow officers and their wives at a Christmas party at Tommy 's Chinese Restaurant in Yamba , egging him on .
One woman , he told the Industrial Relations Commission yesterday , had asked to see the piercing after he talked about it .
One man , however , took offence : his ultimate boss , Police Commissioner Andrew Scipione , who wants Mr Lawrance gone from the force , saying he has lost confidence in him .
He argued the offence was made worse by the fact that Mr Lawrance was one of the most senior officers at the party in December 2008 .
Mr Lawrance said there were no other patrons left at the Yamba restaurant when he went to the toilet to attach the bottle opener to the piercing , before exposing it two or three times to about six other people including his wife .
9 Live wichtiger als Dritte Peter Mühlbauer
Kabel Deutschland wirft aufgrund von Funkstörungen Programme aus dem Angebot
Zwischen 2 . August und 20 .
November wird der Kabelnetzbetreiber Kabel Deutschland ( KDG ) in 13 Bundesländern jeweils ein Drittes Programm aus dem analogen Angebot nehmen : Den Bayerischen Rundfunk ( BR ) in Niedersachsen , Berlin , Sachsen - Anhalt und Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , den Westdeutschen Rundfunk ( WDR ) in Bayern , Sachsen , Schleswig - Holstein , Thüringen und Brandenburg , den Norddeutschen Rundfunk ( NDR ) in Rheinland - Pfalz und im Saarland sowie den Mitteldeutschen Rundfunk ( MDR ) in den beiden Hansestädten Bremen und Hamburg .
Als Grund dafür gibt das Unternehmen den Paragrafen 5 Absatz 1 der Sicherheitsfunk - Schutzverordnung ( SchuTSEV ) an .
Er soll dafür sorgen , dass der Sicherheit dienende Frequenzbereiche störungsfrei genutzt werden können .
Der Bundesnetzagentur zufolge ist dies derzeit nicht gegeben , weil es auf den Frequenzen S04 und S05 Abstrahlungen aus den Kabelnetzen gibt .
Als Ursache dafür gelten unter anderem Beschädigungen der Koaxialkabel durch Nägel , unsachgemäßen Verlängerungen , Verzweigungen und Verbindungen des Schirmgeflechts mit dem Kabelstecker sowie starken Biegungen .
Allerdings verlangt die Bundesnetzagentur , wie sie betont , von Kabel Deutschland aufgrund der Störungen nicht die konkrete Herausnahme von Programmen , sondern nur die von Kanal S04 und Kanal S05 .
Diese Kanäle sind in den einzelnen Bundesländern unterschiedlich belegt , zum Beispiel mit N24 und RTL2 .
Warum also werden dafür ausgerechnet Dritte Programme aus dem Netz genommen ?
Dass man die bizarre Pseudo - Dialekt - Soap " Dahoam is Dahoam " außerhalb Bayerns kaum sehen möchte , ist nachvollziehbar .
Doch eine Sendung wie Quer hat in ganz Deutschland ihre Fans .
Ebenso verhält es sich mit den vom NDR gesendeten alten Stahlnetz - Folgen , den historischen Tatort - Episoden , die der WDR wiederholt , oder den regelmäßig vom MDR aus dem Archiv geholten Defa - Filmen .
Gäbe es da nicht geeignetere Kandidaten für eine Herausnahme aus dem Angebot ?
Das im Volksmund " Opfersender " genannte Programm 9 Live beispielsweise , dessen Zuschauerzahlen regelmäßig als " im nicht messbaren Bereich " ausgegeben werden ?
Kabel Deutschland gibt hierzu an , dass dem Unternehmen das Angebot von den Landesmedienanstalten vorgegeben werde und nur teilweise ein Mitspracherecht bestehe .
Aus diesem Grund , so das Unternehmen , sei die Aufnahme mancher Sender verpflichtend , was unter anderem für 9 Live gelte , das die Bayerische Landeszentrale für Neue Medien ( BLM ) für einen unverzichtbaren Teil des Angebots halte .
Wer dort nach den Gründen dafür fragt , erhält allerdings zur Auskunft , dass sich zwar das ebenfalls unbeliebte Home Shopping Europe ( HSE24 ) unter den 16 Pflichtprogrammen findet , nicht aber 9 Live .
Als weitere Gründe führt KDG an , dass die ARD mit der Herausnahme der Dritten einverstanden gewesen sei und man aufgrund einer neuen Vorgabe , dass Arte ( außer in Niedersachsen ) zukünftig ganztägig ausgestrahlt wird , als " Ausgleich " im Bereich der öffentlich - rechtlichen Sender kürzen wollte .
Zudem wären neben den Dritten je nach Netz auch noch andere Kanäle betroffen , etwa Euronews und Das Vierte .
Und , so heißt es , über das digitale Angebot würden die Dritten Programme ja weiterhin überall geliefert .
Allerdings hat dieses digitale Angebot , für das Kabel Deutschland derzeit auch mit Telefonanrufen massiv wirbt , im Vergleich zum analogen für den Verbraucher einige wesentliche Nachteile :
Es ist deutlich teuerer und man benötigt für jedes Fernsehgerät einen eigenen Receiver sowie eine Smartcard , die der Zuschauer ebenfalls kaufen und bezahlen muss .
Zudem kann es Probleme mit den Anschlüssen , dem Empfang und dem sehr kostspieligen Service geben .
In Baden - Württemberg gehört das Kabelnetz Kabel BW ; in Nordrhein - Westfalen und Hessen Unitymedia .
Beide Anbieter wollen die Streichung der Kabelplätze erst zum Jahreswechsel durchführen und haben nach eigenen Angaben noch nicht entschieden , welche Programme dafür geopfert werden .
Bei Unitymedia soll jedoch " die Zuschauerakzeptanz eine wesentliche Rolle spielen " .
( Peter Mühlbauer )
For the third time in 12 years , Californians opted to change the way they select candidates for local , state and federal office with the passage of Proposition 14 .
Under the new measure , only the top two vote - getters in a primary election -- regardless of their political party -- will advance to a November runoff .
Currently , the top vote - getter in each party advances to the fall campaign .
The changes will not affect presidential contests .
Supporters of the law say it will lead to the election of more moderate legislators .
Opponents say the change will make campaigns more expensive and decimate smaller political parties .
California voters passed a similar measure in 1996 , only to have it overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court .
Voters reaffirmed their support for closed , partisan primaries in 2004 .
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger was among the leading supporters , and fundraisers , for Proposition 14 .
-- Anthony York in Los Angeles
Live Election Results
More Election Coverage :
Carly Fiorina wins GOP Senate nomination
With polls closed , deputies await action
Scene is set for Whitman victory party
Photo : Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger and Carl Guardino , CEO of the Silicon Valley Leadership Group , speak in favor of Proposition 14 in April .
Credit : Associated Press
ISLAMABAD ( Reuters ) - Pakistan has been fighting Islamist militants for years , but tough measures are needed to overturn a system breeding religious intolerance after the long failure of authorities to confront mullahs and hardline groups .
Policemen run towards gunmen attacking an Ahmadi mosque in Lahore 's Garhi Shahu neighborhood May 28 , 2010 .
REUTERS / Hussain Abid / Files
Analysts say the notion of religious mistrust is deeply entrenched in the predominatly Muslim country -- even in the school system -- and it is now up to leaders to mobilise public .
Last week ’s massacre in the city of Lahore of more than 80 Ahmadis - a minority religious sect deemed non-Muslim and heretical by the constitution - has generated a heated debate in Pakistan , a U.S. ally , on how to tackle the issue .
In a sign of how hatred is propagated , The News newspaper said one of the two surviving gunmen caught by security forces said he had been persuaded that Ahmadis were “ blaspheming ” Islam .
Identified as Abdullah , he told investigators that his mentors had him believe that Ahmadis were drawing caricatures of Prophet Mohammad during a recent online contest and “ so their bloodshed was a great service to Islam ” , the newspaper said .
That raised alarm bells in a country combatting militancy .
“ The nagging feeling that the government has already lost the battle against extremism has now acquired the force of conviction , ” Zafar Hilaly , a former ambassador , wrote in The News last week .
After joining the U.S. - led war on terrorism after the September 11 , 2001 attacks on the United States , Pakistan mounted a crackdown on militancy , outlawing several groups , arresting hundreds of suspects and warning hardline mullahs against delivering hate speeches and distributing hate literature .
ISLAMIC SEMINARIES
The government also vowed to reform tens of thousands of Islamic seminaries , known as madrassas , many of which are considered as breeding grounds for militancy .
Almost none of these measures , however , has been implemented .
Most outlawed groups have re-emerged under new names .
Radical clerics still deliver fiery speeches against sects .
The U.S. Embassy acknowledged the difficulties , given the importance placed on Pakistan helping Washington battle al Qaeda and its extremist allies .
“ We recognise this is a problem , ” an embassy official said , adding that the embassy encouraged Pakistanis to take part in exchange programmes to see a multi- faith United States .
Analysts say Pakistani leaders dating back to the 1970s , however popular , took no action to counter radicals .
Hasan Askari Rizvi , a Lahore - based political and security analyst said governments have lacked the stomach to implement reforms , particularly in school curricula .
“ In textbooks used in government schools , Pakistan is equated with Muslims ... They teach Pakistan is a country only for Muslims .
They do n’t teach that non-Muslims also live here , ” he said .
Journalist and analyst Ahmed Rashid described school programmes as “ the most sensitive issue .
But it is an issue in which any attempt to change the curriculum would have a whole host of fundamentalist groups oppose you . ”
In 1974 , Pakistan ’s first popularly elected Prime Minister , Zulfikar Ali Bhutto , bowed to Islamic groups and won approval of a constitutional amendment declaring Ahmadis as non-Muslims .
He also switched the weekly day off from Sunday to Friday .
But much of the upsurge in militancy occurred in the late 1970s and 1980s during the “ Islamisation drive ” by late military leader General Mohammad Zia-ul - Haq and Pakistan ’s support for the U.S. - baked Afghan jihad or holy war against the Soviet invasion which saw a rapid growth of radical groups and madrasas .
Haq introduced several laws , such as the notorious blasphemy law , which are deemed discriminatory against non-Muslim minorities and fuelled tensions between different Muslim sects .
Subsequent governments did nothing to reverse the laws .
Military dictators , who ruled Pakistan for more than half of its existence , have also used militant groups to further policy objectives in Afghanistan and India and marginalise liberals .
“ In earlier years , in order to pursue its foreign policy using the instrument of jihad , the state actively sought to create a religiously charged citizenry , ” said Pervez Hoodbhoy , a physicist and analyst .
“ But , now that the Pakistani military and political establishments have become a victim of extremism , they are foundering in confusion . ”
Former President Pervez Musharraf , a military ruler , though he espoused a modern and liberal version of Islam , repeatedly failed to get the laws reviewed while in office from 1999 - 2008 .
Former Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto , a pro-West politician and a vocal opponent of the militants , was killed in December 2007 in a suicide attack blamed on militants linked to al Qaeda .
Civilian leaders are made even more cautious now in tackling radical groups by the tremendous fear of militants who have unleashed bomb and suicide attacks across the country .
“ Religious intolerance is getting worse in Pakistan because the political leadership lacks the will to fight this , ” said analyst Rizvi .
“ They do n’t want to face the wrath of mullahs . ”
La ville de Bordeaux ne se limite pas uniquement à son vin , c’est une zone riche en histoire et en …
President 's Message
Instalogic Inc — Calgary Web Design & SEO Marketing Solutions Provider
Instalogic
Inc is a website design and digital marketing agency , known both within the industry and on an international level , for utilizing forthright techniques and time - tested methods .
Working with a dynamic team of energetic individuals , each gifted in their own specialized fields , we assist companies in maintaining a place of prominence in search engine results by consistently delivering creative websites tailored to meet their needs .
Our Calgary web design and SEO marketing services are coordinated by a formidable team of programmers , software engineers , graphic designers , internet marketers , and technical support staff ; each member contributes to the systematic hierarchy that has become the foundation of success upon which Instalogic Inc now stands .
Our Website Design & Web Development Services
Relevant to the areas of website development services and internet marketing , our services , developed through years of experience , hard work , and persistence , are divided into two categories : online and offline services .
Online services include responsive website design and development , internet marketing , Calgary SEO , branding , hosting solutions , and Calgary software solutions ; offline services include printing , signage , video creation , promotional products , and Calgary IT solutions .
Us. vs. Them
What draws the line of distinction between Instalogic Inc and other digital marketing companies is our desire to exceed expectations .
The success of our website development and design profile is largely due to the indomitable courage and expansive cognizance of our Calgary web designers to travel down roads not taken .
Special care is taken when applying the finishing touches to our creative projects , from website design to printing solutions .
The same intrepid approach is embraced by our digital marketing experts .
New techniques are fashioned and tested on internal projects to gauge their efficacy before they are added to our repertoire of proven methods .
Circumstantial challenges faced by a business are assessed before marketing strategies are chosen and implemented to target desired outcomes .
Imported from Japan !
Spike , Jet , Faye , and Ed are cowboys on the new frontier of space , and together this band of bounty hunters takes on the jobs that anyone in their right mind would turn down .
Fans of the anime Cowboy Bebop will appreciate Square Enix 's Play Arts ~ Kai~ action figures , an updated version of their highly - detailed Play Arts series .
These figures feature better detailing , more articulation , and additional accessories , letting characters from the games and anime to step out of the television and into your collection .
Vicious stands 9 7/8 " tall .
Following the release of the Figuarts Zero Super Saiyan Son Goku will be Figuarts Zero Super Saiyan Trunks .
This meticulously sculpted statue recreates Trunks in precise detail , and features translucent hair .
Brilliant effect parts and a special display stand are also included in set .
A Tamashii Web Exclusive in Japan , this figure has been made a regular release in the US , thanks to the folks at Bluefin .
Window box packaging .
Collect detailed figures of 7 Dragon Ball Z favorites !
Blind mystery box packaging .
In the post - Flashpoint universe , Black Adam was mentioned by Dr. Sivana while listening to witness reports of the wizard Shazam .
Sivana mentions that Black Adam was a slave who was teleported from his prison cell to the Rock of Eternity and granted his powers by the wizard .
Adam then went on to save Khandaq from the Seven Deadly Sins before vanishing .
During Dr. Sivana 's explanation , drawings of Black Adam are shown in a historical text , displaying a slightly different look from his previous incarnations .
Dr. Sivana later uses his new - found magic eye inside of some ruins to read a magically hidden hieroglyph that makes the wall explode , releasing Black Adam from his tomb .
Adam is then shown in a revamped version of his original costume , which includes a cape , hood , and a metallic belt instead of a sash .
His lightning bolt appears as an opening into his body with magical energy visibly inside of him .
Kotobukiya proudly presents the next villian in their ARTFX + line based on Super Heroes and Villians from DC Comics : Shazam 's nemesis Black Adam !
Standing 20 cm ( 7.9 in ) tall in 1/10th scale , Black Adam displays all the finely sculpted detailing of Kotobukiya 's ARTFX + line .
In his black suit and frayed cape , Black Adam stands , fists clenched , as the perfect counterpoint to Shazam Like all ARTFX + statues , Black Adam has magnets embedded in his feet for extra stability on the included display base Black Adam is impressive on his own , but looks even better posed with the Shazam ARTFX + statue !
Striking the Play Arts ~ Kai~ line yet again is the cool and strong beauty Lightning , as she appears in Lightning Returns : Final Fantasy XIII !
Figure includes shield , weapon parts , interchangeable hands and a display stand !
Popular characters Ace ( Final Fantasy Type - 0 ) Zidane Tribal ( Final Fantasy IX ) and Warrior of Light ( Final Fantasy ) from the Final Fantasy series make their appearance as these super - deformed mini-figures !
Even at 3 inches tall , Square Enix Products ' signature detail work and craftsmanship are apparent .
With the potential to display even in a small space , these are a must - have item for Final Fantasy fans everywhere !
Each poseable figure set comes with interchangeable face and body sets , weapon (s ) , mini display stand and other accessories .
Pick your favorite hero or heroine from your most beloved Final Fantasy installment ... or better yet , collect them all !
Popular characters Ace ( Final Fantasy Type - 0 ) Zidane Tribal ( Final Fantasy IX ) and Warrior of Light ( Final Fantasy ) from the Final Fantasy series make their appearance as these super - deformed mini-figures !
Even at 3 inches tall , Square Enix Products ' signature detail work and craftsmanship are apparent .
With the potential to display even in a small space , these are a must - have item for Final Fantasy fans everywhere !
Each poseable figure set comes with interchangeable face and body sets , weapon (s ) , mini display stand and other accessories .
Pick your favorite hero or heroine from your most beloved Final Fantasy installment ... or better yet , collect them all !
Hello Kitty has been a staple cute character for Sanrio since here first appearance almost 40 years ago .
She is featured on a variety of products ranging from fashion accessories to her own animated TV show .
Now her sweetness has now be replicated in candy form .
Enjoy these candies that come in a Hello Kitty - decorated , cupcake - shaped candy tin .
Colors available may vary .
The " pretty - boy idol " takes the stage in her colorful sunflower - inspired costume with this effervescent figure that stands approximately 8 " tall .
The most powerful form of Zero has arrived !
Originally a Tamashii Web Excusive in Japan , the D - Arts Black Armor Zero will be made a standard release in North America via Bluefin Distribution .
First appearing in Mega Man X4 as an upgrade available only with the use of a secret code , Zero 's black armor quickly became a staple of the X series , allowing for an increase in attack speed , strength , and mobility .
Keeping this in mind , Tamashii Nations has specifically recreated Black Zero as originally appeared in the game , so fans can pose him alongside Ultimate Armor Mega Man X .
And with three different styles of his signature Z - Saber ( now in purple to reflect his added strength ) three sets of hands , and three interchangeable faces , Zero comes with all he needs to take down Repliforce , or any other Reploid foolish enough to go Maverick .
The figure stands 5 1/8 " tall .
Maverick Hunter Zero , go !
From the upcoming CGI film Space Pirate Captain Harlock - based on Leiji Matsumoto 's classic 1970s anime , Captain Harlock - Harlock , the swashbuckling romantic hero , along with his second in command , the beautiful and spirited Kei Yuki are on deck for the Play Arts ~kai~ line !
Harlock comes with an attachable " Mr. Bird " accessory for his shoulder .
Each figure comes with interchangeable hands , weapons and display stand !
From the upcoming CGI film Space Pirate Captain Harlock - based on Leiji Matsumoto 's classic 1970s anime , Captain Harlock - Harlock , the swashbuckling romantic hero , along with his second in command , the beautiful and spirited Kei Yuki are on deck for the Play Arts ~kai~ line !
Harlock comes with an attachable Mr. Bird accessory for his shoulder .
Each figure comes with interchangeable hands , weapons and display stand !
The sequence of events goes like this :
US government issues annual report card threatening to cut off aid from countries that do n’t make the right efforts to combat trafficking Threatened countries comply by passing legislation
And then instructing local police to carry out raids in order to ‘ rescue ’ victims Police go to sex businesses , pick up all the workers and claim to have rescued them Police say victims ( sex workers ) will be ‘ rehabilitated ’ via detention and forcible participation in an ‘ alternative work ’ programme , whether rescued people want this or not Threatened national governments point to these actions to show US that they are fighting crime US gives them a better grade on the next report card
Problems ?
Well yes , several , including the overtly neocolonialist coercion .
In the following story which pointedly uses the word rescue , the police try to blame foreign devils for the existence of sex businesses , make sure to point out that some of those rescued were ‘ only waitresses ’ ( which perfectly shows what they think about prostitutes ) , and , most important , if compliance with US aims to ‘ convict ’ traffickers is what ’s needed , how does detaining and forcibly rehabilitating 200 victims help ?
What we ’ve learned over and over is that some large number of the detained women do not want to be rescued , or not by the police , or not from sex work but possibly from poverty or the fear of disappointing their parents .
I have unfortunately had to comment repeatedly on such stories , including recently on Cambodia .
There are other ways to help people .
Anti-human trafficking agency rescues 200 women from Malate
Francis Faulve , 18 June 2010 , ABS - CBN News
Manila , Philippines –
The government ’s anti-human trafficking task force on Thursday night rescued at least 200 women from a girlie bar in Malate district in Manila .
Retired military officer Jesus Kabigting of the government ’s Inter - Agency Council Against Trafficking said the raid was conducted in response to the US State Department ’s report on human trafficking in the Philippines .
The US State Department said the Philippines remains in the Tier 2 list of countries whose governments have failed to show improved efforts to curb human trafficking .
Representatives from the Manila Police District , Department of Social Welfare and Development and Department of Labor of Employment raided the LA Cafe at the corner of M.H. Del Pilar and R. Salas streets in Malate around 10:30 p.m .
Kabigting said majority of the women are being peddled to foreigners in Malate district .
He said some of those rescued were only waitresses , but are also considered as victims of forced labor and human trafficking .
He said the women , particularly the prostitutes , will be “ rehabilitated ” and provided with alternative livelihood .
“ Anti-human trafficking operations ito …
Iyon ang dahilan kaya nagsagawa tayo ng walang humpay na operation against human trafficking ( This ia an anti-human trafficking operation ...
That is the reason why we are conducting operations against human trafficking ) , ” Kabigting told reporters referring to the US State Department ’s report .
He said similar raids will also be conducted nationwide .
Kabigting assured that charges will be filed against the owner of the bar .
“ Whether they have a permit to operate or not , they are committing acts in violation of the anti-human trafficking law .
We will investigate them , ” he said .
The US State Department was critical of the Philippine performance in all three benchmarks ( prevention , protection and prosecution ) .
It said that despite several labor trafficking cases were filed , the Philippine government never convicted any offenders .
“ Despite overall efforts , the government did not show evidence of significant progress in convicting trafficking offenders , particularly those responsible for labor trafficking , ” the US State Department said in its report .
You would have thought that the world had come to an end once the clock started striking midnight across the world last night and everyone ’s Swype beta died off .
Well here you go …
* UNINSTALL YOUR OLD SWYPE FIRST .*
For the DROID / Milestone :
Download : swype-1.56-multi-MilestoneEdition.apk
For the Incredible :
Download : com.swype.android.inputmethod ( 1) .apk
Give it up once again to the XDA Forums for putting these together .
We all owe those guys a giant hug and some donations .
Source : XDA Forums
Cheers Dan !
In a riposte to those who think a reliance on cars is unhealthy , new Nissan models will feature air conditioners that pump breathable vitamin C and stress - reducing seats , the firm said Wednesday .
The group is also looking to install " friendly " speedometers that can further improve the in - car atmosphere with timely reminders of wedding anniversary dates or birthdays , in the event the driver forgets .
" We want drivers to feel that they are healthier staying in the car instead of on the outside , " a Nissan engineer said Wednesday at a test drive event outside Tokyo .
The automaker plans to introduce air conditioners in its cars that spray vitamin C to moisturize skin and as well as air purifiers developed by Sharp .
Nissan also expects to equip its cars with heating " easy chairs " that incorporate NASA research to enable better blood circulation and reduce the chances of back pain during long drives .
The innovations were announced along with a raft of driver safety features the automaker plans to equip its new cars with in the next two to three years , including anti-collision technology .
As competition among carmakers increases and the concept of automobiles expands beyond transportation , manufacturers are looking to add value .
" The emotional aspect of a car has become increasingly important and as customer needs diversify , " said Nissan engineer Kenichi Tanaka .
The anti-collision technology , which is similar to radar systems used by airplanes and ships , monitors the distance with a vehicle in front and can prevent collisions at forward speeds of up to 60 kilometers ( 40 miles ) per hour .
The system tells the driver to decelerate with a beeping sound and slows the vehicle by automatically raising the accelerator pedal and partially braking , Nissan officials explained .
The updated designs and technology come as Nissan is bracing for the year - end launch of the all - electric Leaf in Japan and the United States , which has become the fulcrum of its green ambitions .
The group lags behind rivals Toyota and Honda , with only one hybrid , the Altima , which uses Toyota 's technology .
Explore further Nissan rolls out electric car at new headquarters
( c ) 2010 AFP
Ready to fight back ?
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and get three actions in your inbox every week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Subscribe now for as little as $ 2 a month !
Support Progressive Journalism
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
The Nation is reader supported : Chip in $ 10 or more to help us continue to write about the issues that matter .
Fight Back !
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
You will receive occasional promotional offers for programs that support The Nation ’s journalism .
You can read our Privacy Policy here .
Sign up for Take Action Now and we ’ll send you three meaningful actions you can take each week .
Thank you for signing up .
For more from The Nation , check out our latest issue
Travel With The Nation
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Be the first to hear about Nation Travels destinations , and explore the world with kindred spirits .
Sign up for our Wine Club today .
Did you know you can support The Nation by drinking wine ?
If Major League Baseball ’s 2011 All - Star Game is held as planned in the anti-immigrant “ meth lab of democracy ” otherwise known as Arizona , players are letting it be known that the show will go on without them .
On Monday ’s media day for this week ’s 2010 game in Anaheim , several Latino All - Stars were asked for their thoughts about next year ’s game taking place in a state being monitored by the justice department for racial profiling .
Ad Policy
” If the game is in Arizona , I will totally boycott , " said Milwaukee Brewers pitcher Yovani Gallardo .
Kansas City reliever Joakim Soria and Detroit Tigers pitcher Jose Valverde seconded that emotion .
” They could stop me and ask to see my papers .
I have to stand with my Latin community on this , ” said Soria .
The three have now joined San Diego Padres all - star Adrian Gonzalez , and his teammates Yorvit Torrealba , and Heath Bell along with Chicago White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen in stating that they would stay away from Arizona next summer .
Other even more prominent players did n’t call for a boycott , but they made their feelings exceedingly clear .
Major League home run leader , Toronto Blue Jays outfielder Jose Bautista said , ” Hopefully , there are some changes in the law before [ next year ] .
We have to back up our Latin communities . ”
The biggest star in the game , Albert Pujols , came out in direct opposition to his Arizona - law - loving manager Tony LaRussa , saying , " I ’m opposed to it .
How are you going to tell me that , me being Hispanic , if you stop me and I do n’t have my ID , you ’re going to arrest me ?
That ca n’t be . ”
A spokesperson for the Baseball Players Association also made news by saying they would fully back any player who chose to boycott the 2011 game .
[ As a side - note , Alex Rodriguez – Major League Baseball ’s answer to Lebron James in too many ways to name – was also asked about Arizona ’s laws but just said , ” Wrong guy , ” and then pointed to other players in the locker room .
Rodriguez then proceeded to drown after attempting to make love to his own reflection in a nearby duck pond . ]
This flurry of commentary in this most staid of sports threatens to overshadow Tuesday ’s Midsummer Classic and spotlight the political and moral impotence of Major League commissioner Bud Selig .
Selig refused to comment on the issue today and his one statement all season on the issue managed to be both puzzling and inane .
( After much analysis , it was determined that Selig wants the game to stay in Arizona . )
Selig ’s constant crutch of no -comments may be coming to an abrupt end .
The sports media was n’t asking about immigration out of concern for the 28 % of Major Leaguers born outside the United States .
They were probing the actual political thoughts of players because of a very real , growing movement of civil rights and grass roots organizations calling on MLB to move the game .
On Monday morning , the organization movethegame.org held a press conference where they showcased more than 100,000 names who had signed their petition calling on Major League Baseball to act .
A protest has also been called for Tuesday at 3 pm right at Angel Stadium , on all American Gene Autry Way in Anaheim .
As Wade Henderson , president of the Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights and Janet Murguia is president of the National Council of La Raza wrote in an oped on Alternet , “ Unless the league acts , next year our favorite all - stars could enter a hostile environment , and the families , friends and fans of a third of the players could be treated as second - class citizens because of their skin color or the way they speak … .
We are not asking Selig to weigh in on immigration policy ; we are asking him to take a stand against bigotry and intolerance .
Despite being petitioned by numerous members of Congress and civil rights , labor and social justice groups , Selig has not adequately addressed the issue . ”
He certainly has not .
But if civil rights activists keep up the pressure on the outside and players keep speaking out on the inside , Selig will have no choice but to make perfectly clear where he stands on the most basic civil rights of his own players .
If the NFL could move the Super Bowl from Arizona two decades ago because they would n’t acknowledge Martin Luther King ’s birthday ; if the NCAA can keep post - season tournaments out of states that still fly the confederate flag , then Bud Selig can wipe that hang - dog look off his face , straighten his back , and do the right thing .
If not for the people , he can do it for Pujols .
One of the NHL 's longest - standing records was broken last Dec. 22 when Martin Brodeur and the New Jersey Devils blanked Pittsburgh 4 - 0 .
It was the 104th shutout of Brodeur 's career , surpassing the mark set by Terry Sawchuk That record had stood since Feb. 1 , 1970 , when the New York Rangers beat the Pittsburgh Penguins 6 - 0 at Madison Square Garden in Sawchuk 's only shutout as a Ranger , and the last one of his career .
He died less than four months later .
Back then , the idea that anyone would ever pass Sawchuk 's total seemed incomprehensible .
The question now is how high Brodeur will take the record before he calls it a career .
Someone may catch Brodeur at some point in the future .
But there are marks that figure to stand the test of time .
Here are a few :
Given the way the game is played today , many of Gretzky 's offensive marks will be hard to beat -- after all , he played in an age when offense was king .
Today 's goaltenders are better - coached , far more athletic and have better equipment ; teams also pay a lot more attention to keeping the puck out of their next .
But of all his records , this is the one that will be the toughest to top .
Gretzky 's assist total of 1,963 would make him No. 1 on the all - time scoring list ( Mark Messier is No. 2 with 1,887 points ) -- but he also scored a record 894 goals .
To put Gretzky 's margin in perspective : a baseball player would have to hit well over 1,000 home runs to exceed Barry Bonds ' career record by the same percentage that Gretzky 's career points total exceeds Messier's .
Gretzky once said that Sidney Crosby could break a lot of his records .
As great a player as Crosby is ( he has 506 points and will be just 23 when the 2010 - 11 season starts ) , this is one that he wo n't get .
Selanne was an untested kid from Finland when he burst into the NHL with the Winnipeg Jets in 1992 - 93 and immediately began terrorizing goaltenders .
He blew past Mike Bossy 's rookie record of 53 goals and did n't stop until he'd reached 76 , tying him with Buffalo 's Alexander Mogilny for the League lead .
Selanne added 56 assists for 132 points , also a record for first - year players .
Since then , the only rookie to score more than 45 goals was Washington 's Alex Ovechkin , who had 52 ( and 106 points ) in 2005 - 06 .
Like Selanne , he won the Calder Trophy .
Selanne has gone on to score more than 600 NHL goals , and there 's a berth in the Hall of Fame waiting for him after he retires .
But he 's never come close to matching his rookie magic -- in fact , he dropped to 25 goals and 54 points in 51 games in his second season and did n't even reach 50 goals again until 1996 - 97 , when he had 51 for Anaheim .
Mosienko and the Chicago Black Hawks ( that 's how they spelled it in those days ) appeared to be on the way to a season - ending loss to the New York Rangers at Madison Square Garden when Mosienko had the greatest shift of any player in NHL history .
The speedy right wing beat Rangers goaltender Lorne Anderson at 6:09 of the third period … and at 6:20 … and again at 6:30 .
That 's three goals in 21 seconds , an accomplishment that has never been approached ( for perspective : Jean Beliveau is next with three in 44 seconds , more than twice as long ) .
Mosienko's record - setting night in the Hawks ' 7 - 6 win has overshadowed his career accomplishments .
He and the Bentley brothers , Max and Doug , formed the " Pony Line , " one of the great trios in NHL history .
He finished his 14 - year NHL career ( all with Chicago ) with 258 goals and 282 assists for 540 points -- good enough to earn him a berth in the Hall of Fame .
It 's conceivable that someone could break the three records above .
Not so for Hall 's goaltending standard for showing up for work every night .
Hall took the ice for the Detroit Red Wings ' season - opener in 1955 - 56 and played all 70 games .
He did the same thing the following season .
The Wings sent him to Chicago in the summer of 1957 , and he played all 70 games for the Hawks for five consecutive seasons , leading Chicago to a Stanley Cup in 1961 .
Hall 's ironman streak grew to 502 games .
But in Game No. 503 , against Boston on Nov. 7 , 1962 , he had to be lifted in the first period due to a back injury .
Hall wound up playing " only " 66 of Chicago 's 70 games .
Ironically , though his career lasted through the 1970 - 71 season , he played more than 50 games only once after 1963 - 64 .
Given that the NHL season has grown to 82 games from 70 , the League now has 30 teams instead of six and the game is far more physical , Hall 's mark appears safe for the ages .
The first - place Boston Bruins came out firing against the Black Hawks on March 4 , 1941 , setting an NHL record by firing 83 shots on goal -- a mark no team has come close to in nearly seven decades .
The only reason the Hawks were n't run out of the building was a 24 - year - old rookie goaltender named Sam LoPresti , who had only recently been called up from the minors to replace Paul Goodman The Minnesota native made 27 saves in the first period , 31 ( on an NHL - record 33 shots ) in the second and 22 more in the third , keeping the Hawks close in what became a 3 - 2 loss .
Boston forward Johnny Crawford , when asked afterwards if LoPresti was good or just lucky , said " He was good all right -- if he had n't been good , he would n't be alive now .
" A couple of years later , LoPresti was lucky to be alive at all .
After playing 47 games for the Hawks in 1941 - 42 , he enlisted in the U.S. Navy ; several months later , he was aboard a merchant ship that was torpedoed and spent 42 days on a lifeboat before being rescued .
LoPresti never played in the NHL again -- though his son , Pete , was an NHL goaltender for six seasons in the 1970s .
No one has come within 10 shots of facing as many shots as LoPresti -- the next - highest total is 70 saves on 73 shots by Quebec 's Ron Tugnutt in a 3 - 3 tie at Boston on March 21 , 1991 .
Since then , the most saves by a goaltender is the 58 made by the Islanders ' Dwayne Roloson in a 4 - 3 overtime win at Toronto last Nov. 23 .
The Boston Bruins were down 6 - 4 at home to the St. Louis Blues on Dec. 19 , 1987 , when Ken Linseman scored with 10 seconds left to give the Bruins some hope .
But Boston 's comeback dreams were dashed in record time when Blues center Doug Gilmour scored right off the faceoff into an empty net at 19:52 , sealing the Blues ' 7 - 5 victory and setting the mark for the fastest two goals by two teams .
The laws of time and space would seem to make it virtually impossible for this record to be broken , though Chicago and the Minnesota North Stars came close on Nov. 5 , 1988 , by scoring twice in three seconds ( both with the goaltender in the net ) .
The Minnesota Wild also came close , scoring twice in three seconds to beat Chicago 4 - 2 on Jan. 21 , 2004 .
Fans who 've seen Bobby
Orr play only in clips like those shown on the NHL Network can't really appreciate the way he transformed hockey .
Before
Orr , the job of a defenseman was to help keep the puck out of his own net .
Defensemen did n't " activate " ( today 's popular term ) and get into the play .
Then came Orr , who not only jumped into the play for the Boston Bruins but often led the rush -- yet he was such a brilliant skater that he was almost never out of position in his own zone .
In 1970 - 71 , Orr became the only defenseman ever to exceed 100 assists in a season ( he had 102 ) and finished with a mind - boggling plus - 124 rating , nearly doubling his own 1968 - 69 record of plus - 65 in the still - young statistic .
Montreal defenseman Larry Robinson came close to Orr 's mark with a plus - 120 rating in 1976 - 77 , but no one else has ever been more than plus - 98 .
In the last 20 years , no one has been better than the plus - 60 rating by Detroit 's Vladimir Konstantinov in 1995 - 96 .
Washington 's Jeff Schultz was tops in 2009 - 10 with a plus - 50 rating -- not even 40 percent of Orr 's historic total .
View of the north polar region of Mars from orbit .
The ice - rich polar cap ( quasi - circular white area at center ) is about 1,000 km across .
It is bisected by a large canyon , Chasma Boreale , on the right side .
Chasma Boreale is about the size of the Grand Canyon in the U.S. and up to 2 km deep .
Huge troughs curving outward from the north pole of Marslike the arms of a pinwheel were not carved into the polar ice caps by somemysterious force , researchers have discovered .
Instead , the shifting patternarose from a long process of formation and erosion that gave it the appearanceof slowly moving and spiraling inward over time .
A similarly snail - like process gave rise to the ChasmaBoreale canyon that cuts into the side of the giant pinwheel pattern , known asthe north polar layered deposits ( NPLD ) .
The unveiling of the origins of thecanyon and NPLD came courtesy of ground - penetrating radar carried by twoMars orbiters .
Scientists had previously favored the idea that a naturalforce recently carved both the canyon and pinwheel pattern into older geologicaldeposits .
But they could not test their theories beyond what they could see onthe Martian surface , as if trying to judge a book by its cover .
" Radar is like opening the book ; we can read each pagenow , " said Isaac Smith , a planetary scientist at the University of TexasAustin .
" People were looking at the outside and thinking they knew whatthe book was about , but they didn ?t. "
Such technology allowed scientiststo take 2 - D cross-section images of the troughs and reveal the layers withinthe walls , like snapshots in time going back through the red planet 's history .
Radar also helped trace reflective markers that followed the geometry ofunderground structures to build up a 3 - D sense of the layers .
The radar studies do not answer the riddle of what changesin the Martian atmosphere spurred the formation of both the canyon and theyounger spiraling troughs .
But they do give scientists a new understanding ofthe timing of the processes that allow the wind and sun to shape the Martiansurface over a certain period , and that may lead to more evidence - based climatemodels for the red planet .
Not built in a day
The Chasma Boreale appearsto cut into the side of the ice - richpolar layered deposits which sprawl across 621 miles ( 1000 kilometers ) and areabout 1.2 miles ( 2 kilometers ) thick .
But the radar studies showed that themassive canyon formed long before the appearance of the shallower troughs whichmake up the spiraling arms .
Some researchers had suggested that pressure - induced meltingor sub-ice volcanic activity caused the canyon to appear .
Yet the canyon ' sbirth turned out to result more from the slow workings of climate and time , rather than rapid or catastrophic forces .
" There were many hypotheses about the Chasma Boreale , and all assumed it was a recent feature cut into the polar ice , " said JackHolt , a geophysicist at the University of Texas , Austin .
" But now we knowit 's an old feature , and you can interpret the stratigraphy in thatcontext . "
Holt led the radar study on the Chasma Boreale , while hiscolleague Smith focused on the spiral troughs .
Their two studies appear in the May 27 issue of the journal Nature .
Both the Chasma Boreale and the younger troughs formed ontop of an older polar ice cap .
Layers of water - ice and grit began depositing , and soon an early form of the canyon appeared .
But it was n't alone ; asimilarly - sized canyon also began to take shape .
Then something in the Martian climate caused the deposits tostop .
Erosion then took over , as the wind wore at the surface and the suncaused some ice to sublimate and turn directly into vapor .
There was noevidence of water melt from the radar studies , Holt told SPACE.com .
Eventually the layers began depositing again on top of oneanother , and one of the canyons ended up getting filled in .
But natural forcessuch as the wind somehow spared the Chasma Boreale by preventing deposits fromfilling it , and helped preserve the canyon that today stretches 311 miles ( 500 kilometers ) long and 62 miles ( 100 kilometers ) wide .
" The [ canyon formation ] happened for some time with nogood age constraints , " Holt said .
" That was about 75 percent of theway through the history of this , but then the troughs started forming .
We do n'tknow why . "
Picking up good migrations
The younger , shallower troughs began to form sometimebetween 2.49 million years and 467,000 years ago .
They represented depressionson top of about three quarters of built - up polar layered deposits , but theydid n't just sit still .
Instead , a combination of wind and perhaps sun erosion beganto wear away at the southern , equator - facing sides of the polar layereddeposits .
Wind then carried a trickle of eroded material to the northern , polar - facingsides of the deposits .
As a result , the troughs appeared to slowly spiral inward asthey crept northward toward the pole .
That appearance of movement has strongresemblance to how sand dunes seem to move over time , Smith said .
" Radar shows that three quarters of the ice has beensitting there , but the surface was altered by wind , " Smith explained .
" Some troughs have moved as much as 65 kilometers [ 40 miles ] , and manymoved much less . "
More material also accumulates on top of the deposits as thespiral pattern tightens , Holt said .
That means the deposits get thicker andhigher all the time .
More climate mysteries
Understanding how the north polarice cap patterns appeared may also help scientists understand the globalclimate of Mars .
Holt and Smith hope to continue examining the patterns ofaccumulation and try to understand why snow or frost built up unevenly tocreate the polar layered deposits .
" That tells us a storyabout the wind and possibly the sun , " Smith said .
" That 's thecontinuing story . "
Researchers can plug their evolvedunderstanding of the natural forces into Mars climate models to make the modelsmore realistic .
And better models might help reconstruct how water icetransfers between the poles and the mid or lower latitudes of the red planet , through sublimation and frost or snow .
" You can then start placing age constraints on icedeposits at lower to mid latitudes , which are more accessible to robotand human missions , " Holt pointed out .
Future work might also solve the mystery of the south polarlayered deposits , which also resemble the spiral pattern of their north polarcousins .
But unlike in the north , the south polar layered deposits do n't appearto move .
Smith speculated that a colder climate and higher elevationat the south polar ice cap may translate into stickier frozen material andweaker winds .
Holt also noted that the southern region appears older , so thatperhaps the climate simply did not allow for movement during the time in whichthe deposits formed .
What lies beneath
Part of the reason that the southern polar ice cap remainsmore mysterious is that radar does not work as well in that region .
Reflectivemarkers or structures beneath the north polar layered deposits helped the radarstudies trace the geometry and layers underground , but such markers appear lesscommon in the south .
Still , Holt and Smith praised the radar carried by the Marsorbiters as the crucial components that solved at least the origins of the northpolar layered deposits .
Such equipment has been used in Antarctica since the1970s , but did not fly out to Mars until the past decade .
The Mars Advanced Radar for Subsurface and IonosphericSounding ( MARSIS ) on the Mars Express orbiter can probe deep beneath thesurface with less resolution , while the Mars ReconnaissanceOrbiter ?s SHAllow RADar ( SHARAD ) has both higher frequency and bandwidthwith shallower penetration that can still examine the underground layers andstructure of the polar layered deposits .
Such powerful tools could begin tomake a case for flying even better radar out to Mars someday .
" In the future , we could probably learn even more aboutthe subsurface , " Holt said .
" There 's still more we could learn with anewer , better radar . "
As planned , Cambodia will conduct first ever large scale military exercise next week , a part of the United Nations Peacekeeping framework for strengthening peace and security .
Chhum Socheat , spokesman of the Ministry of National Defense said Saturday that the military exercise will be conducted on July 17 through July 30 with participations of 26 countries and more than 1,000 forces .
Of those forces , the largest number will be coming from Cambodia as a host country and from the United States , the co- organizer of the exercise .
The other participating countries , the majority of which are the members of the United Nations include France , Indonesia , the Philippines , Australia , India , Italy , Germany , Japan , Mongolia and the United Kingdom among others .
According to the plan , Chhum Socheat said the military exercise which is part of the Global Peace Operations Initiatives ( GPOI ) , a UN - US peacekeeping - training program will be conducted in two separate forms with one to be organized in Kompong Speu province , about 50 kilometers from Phnom Penh , and that will be a field exercise .
The second of its kind will be conducted in Phnom Penh as part of the far command from headquarters .
The military exercise in Cambodia will be called as " Angkor Sentinel 2010 " .
Source : Xinhua
Cotton was one of the driving forces of the Industrial Revolution .
Find out if you have what it takes to make it in this cut - throat Victorian trade .
Tablets may be attracting all of the attention right now , but it 's clear that Intel 's keeping a broad focus on mobile computing .
During today 's PC Client keynote at Computex , the company took a moment to talk up Canoe Lake , an experimental platform that 'll enable 720 p video playback on a machine that 's barely thicker than a couple of envelopes stacked together .
We got a chance to peek the prototype on hand in Taipei , and we were told that Intel designed the device you 're peering at above completely in - house as a way to sell PC makers on the idea .
They also affirmed that a GMA 3150 GPU was inside , and that the platform was capable of handling high - def multimedia .
The machine was indeed functional , but few tricks were shown -- the 10 - inch display looked suitable enough , though it would certainly take us a few days to stop noticing that monster gap between the keyboard and LCD .
But hey , you 've got to cram those components / battery / fairy dust somewhere , right ?
Look for a plethora of Canoe Lake - based systems ( probably fashioned like the gapless netbook at the tail end of the gallery below ) to start shipping in " the second half of this year " from companies that Intel simply can't name as of yet .
Updated : Apparently NetbookNews grabbed some video of the thin netbook .
Hit the break for a walk through .
Dans le contexte du travail inter-associations débuté en Juin 2019 et objet du message du 7 Juin 2019 , les associations AMSAT-F , le DR@F , l‘URC et le REF ont travaillé ensemble afin d’adresser à un courrier commun au service des Affaires Internationales de l’ANFR dans le cadre la prochaine réunion de préparation de la CMR 2019 fin Aout .
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) --
Days before Arizona 's controversial law targeting illegal immigration takes effect , demonstrators are finalizing their plans to descend upon the state capital to show their support for or opposition to the measure .
The protests will include busloads of labor union members from Los Angeles who oppose Senate Bill 1070 because they believe it promotes racial profiling ,
They plan to dare law enforcement in Phoenix , Arizona , to put SB 1070 to the test , according to Maria Elena Durazo , one of the organizers of the rally .
" We will not be carrying ' papers , ' " said Durazo , of the Los Angeles County Federation of Labor , AFL - CIO .
" We will let them know we are coming , and we will tell them : Arrest us for being brown or black , arrest us for being suspicious . "
The protesters include immigrant students , religious leaders , day laborers and members of several unions including the United Food and Commercial Workers Union , the Teamsters and the Utility Workers of America Union .
But not all Latinos oppose Arizona 's law , which takes effect Thursday .
Poll :
One in four Americans angry over illegal immigration
Jesse Hernandez is a member of the Arizona Republican Latino Association , a group that supports SB 1070 and opposes the U.S. Department of Justice lawsuit challenging it .
Hernandez said Arizona 's law does nothing more than federal law already allows .
He believes Durazo and her " left - wing " supporters are simply misinformed .
" They throw out this verbiage , racist , discrimination , Nazis -- they 're just trying to drum up fear among the public , " Hernandez said .
" We live in a society that does n't read anymore , that is spoon - fed by TV .
That 's why I 'm challenging them to pick up the law and read it and not believe the rhetoric that is coming out from the left . "
i Report :
Tell us what you think
Section 2 of SB 1070 states that law enforcement cannot stop a person for the sole purpose of determining immigration status .
An officer can inquire about immigration status only if a person is stopped or detained on suspicion of another crime , and if there is reasonable suspicion that the person is in the U.S. illegally .
Many , like Hernandez , believe that section guards against racial profiling .
Read what others think about immigration reform
But immigrant rights activist Angelica Salas dismisses that , citing the aggressive and controversial immigration enforcement by Maricopa County Sheriff Joe Arpaio .
" We 're telling you about what we know , we 've seen it over and over again , " said Salas , who represents the Coalition for Humane Immigrant Rights of Los Angeles .
" Do n't tell us what 's true and what 's not when we know what we have seen and the consequence of racial profiling in Maricopa County for years , " she said .
" And what Sheriff Joe is doing is now sanctioned by the state of Arizona . "
Arpaio -- who calls himself " America 's toughest sheriff " -- has ignited controversy for his sweeps of illegal immigrants using a federal program called 287( g ) that allows local law enforcement to be cross-trained by the Department of Homeland Security and work in immigration enforcement .
Salas will be heading to Phoenix along with Durazo and the other busloads of protesters this week .
There have been three court hearings to consider challenges to the Arizona law , including one from the Department of Justice .
To date , U.S. District Judge Susan Bolton has yet to rule on the law 's fate .
Read more about the court challenges
Durazo said that even if there is an injunction , they will still go .
She says the fight will continue until the law is repealed .
We are all Jezebels now
“ Voting is not just a political act !
It is not just a choice that you make .
It ’s not some kind of decision .
I ’m shouting it .
The Bible says that God gave Adam the responsibility to govern !
From the beginning , man was given the government of the earth !
Romans 13 says all government is derived from God ’s government .
It ’s all delegated authority , and that those governors are to rule in such a way , in the fear of the Lord , Psalms chapter 2 .
So , if all government comes from God , then THE GOVERNMENT WE HAVE IN AMERICA IS FROM GOD !
So , who is the government ?
Not Barack Obama !
It ’s a government of the people , by the people , and for the people .
Therefore , when you vote for those who shed innocent blood , you are making a governmental decision under the government of God !
You are actually in the rebellion of Psalms 2 !
You will actually be held accountable for how you govern !
We have to tremble in the voting booth .
We should tremble in voting booths !
You do n’t choose a person because you feel good about him , or he feels like maybe he ’s going to change the world , YOU VOTE ON THEIR STAND ON THE FOUNDATIONS OF BIBLICAL TRUTH !
Because if you do n’t , you ’re actually handing the keys to people who have anti-Christ spirits !
You are actually giving authority to someone who is in rebellion to God ! …
There is a higher government than the governments of men .
We are a citizenship of heaven , and that citizenship of heaven influences everything we do , every decision in our lives .
I want to stand before the Lord and say ‘ When you gave me the government in America , I did what you wanted me to do . ’
Because if I do n’t , then we ’ll hear those same words of Psalms 2 , Therefore you kings be warned , Tremble you judges of the earth .
Who are the kings ? ”
HURST , Texas –
The 2010 election campaign is well under way among Texas unionists , even though they have traditionally waited until early September , and even beyond that in non-presidential years .
Democratic gubernatorial candidate Bill
White received a rousing union welcome at United Auto Workers hall here in the Dallas - Fort Worth area on May 28 .
The president of the Tarrant County Central Labor Council organized the event from the council office in Fort Worth .
The Communications Workers had a big group , and most area unions were represented , but American Airlines employees from the pilots , flight attendants and ground crew unions had the most numbers .
The pilots and flight attendants are waiting for permission to strike under the Railway Labor Act .
When Association of Professional Flight Attendants President Laura Glading introduced
White , she said , “ There is no question who the jobs candidate is ! ”
The union hall belongs to production workers at Bell Helicopter in Hurst .
White took note of that , saying , “ American aircraft workers are the finest in the world . ”
All over Texas , local unions , central labor councils , and state union federation leaders are soliciting volunteers for a mighty effort in 2010 .
In the last two elections , and in special elections here and there , the unions have seen their candidates make steady progress against the anti-worker incumbents strangling state and local government .
A particular target is Republican Gov. Rick Perry , who continues to embarrass Texas before the nation by defending British Petroleum ( he said the largest oil spill in history was an “ act of God ” ) and by refusing to cooperate with federal efforts to ease the suffering of unemployed workers .
Texas unionists have a special reason to be enthusiastic this election season .
Former top AFL - CIO leader Linda Chavez - Thompson is running for lieutenant governor , which is one of the two most powerful positions in state politics .
The other most powerful is speaker of the Texas House .
Texas AFL - CIO President Becky Moeller makes it a point to push the Chavez - Thompson campaign in every union meeting .
Photo : Association of Professional Flight Attendants President Laura Glading introduced Bill
White at the UAW hall in Hurst .
( PW / Jim Lane )
LIVE TEXT COMMENTARY ( all times BST )
To get involved , please use Twitter , 606 or text us your views & comments on ( UK ) or ( worldwide ) .
( Not all contributions can be used .
Messages will be charged at your standard operator rate )
2132 : My brain hurts and my eyes do n't appear to be functioning properly - that is the magic of Wimbledon .
Another fantastic day is , finally , over .
Thankfully , it should be a quiet one on Thursday , we 've just got the Queen visiting , the return of Andy Murray , the small matter of Rafa , Serena , Maria and the gang , and the finale - in theory - of My brain hurts and my eyes do n't appear to be functioning properly - that is the magic of Wimbledon .
Another fantastic day is , finally , over .
Thankfully , it should be a quiet one on Thursday , we 've just got the Queen visiting , the return of Andy Murray , the small matter of Rafa , Serena , Maria and the gang , and the finale - in theory - of the longest tennis match in history .
Let 's hope Mahut and Isner remember to set their alarms .
Thanks for all your texts and tweets today , they 've kept us sane and amused , let 's have another go from 0900 BST tomorrow .
Happy days .
Laura Robson on Twitter : " So impressive from these two guys .
Really can't believe the match has lasted this long .
Ca n't wait for the rest of the match tomorrow . "
From Amy , xxx , via text : " Wimbledon : sending luv & appreciation 2 mahut & isner . "
" Wimbledon : sending luv & appreciation 2 mahut & isner . "
2120 : Isner - " Nothing like this will ever happen again ... ever .
He 's serving fantastic , I 'm serving fantastic .
That 's really all there is to it .
I 'd like to see stats , the ace count .
We both could n't agree to play so they cancelled . "
" Nothing like this will ever happen again ... ever .
He 's serving fantastic , I 'm serving fantastic .
That 's really all there is to it .
I 'd like to see stats , the ace count .
We both could n't agree to play so they cancelled . "
2119 : Mahut -
" He 's just a champ , we had to fight like we never did before .
Someone has to win , we 'll come back tomorrow and see .
I mean , it 's amazing , the crowd is just fantastic .
Everyone wants to see the end , but we 'll have to come back .
We play for too long , I do n't know how many hours . "
" He 's just a champ , we had to fight like we never did before .
Someone has to win , we 'll come back tomorrow and see .
I mean , it 's amazing , the crowd is just fantastic .
Everyone wants to see the end , but we 'll have to come back .
We play for too long , I do n't know how many hours . "
2115 : " I 'm so proud , this is the greatest advert we 've ever had for our sport beyond the Roger - Rafa final , " says John McEnroe .
" We do n't get enough respect as a sport sometimes . "
Tim Henman says they should not play on Centre Court tomorrow , Mac disagrees .
" I 'm so proud , this is the greatest advert we 've ever had for our sport beyond the Roger - Rafa final , " says .
" We do n't get enough respect as a sport sometimes . " says they should not play on Centre Court tomorrow , Mac disagrees .
2111 : " I want to play but .... " was all I could hear from Mahut as he approached the net with the score at 59 - 59 in the final set .
Despite the crowd chanting , " We want more , we want more ! " the referee says enough is enough .
An incredible , incredible event with the match suspended after 10 hours and they deserve to come back on Thursday to try and win it with relatively fresh legs .
" I want to play but .... " was all I could hear from Mahut as he approached the net with the score atin the final set .
Despite the crowd chanting , " We want more , we want more ! " the referee says enough is enough .
An incredible , incredible event with the match suspended afterand they deserve to come back on Thursday to try and win it with relatively fresh legs .
2110 : PLAY IS SUSPENDED !
2109 : Six - time Wimbledon champion Roger Federer has been through his press conference and had this to say when asked about fifth - set tie - breaks : " I think it 's perfect the way it is .
It 's unfortunate these guys are going to be a little bit tired tomorrow ... and the next day , the next week , the next month
It 's absolutely amazing .
It 's a very special match .
I hope some way it 's going to end .
know they 're maybe not loving it .
This is unheard of in our game .
Normally there are breaks but John 's barely moving but is still able to produce good serves .
I do n't know if I was crying or laughing , it was too much .
I can relate to it to some little degree - but this is beyond anything . "
Six - time Wimbledon championhas been through his press conference and had this to say when asked about fifth - set tie - breaks : " I think it 's perfect the way it is .
It 's unfortunate these guys are going to be a little bit tired tomorrow ... and the next day , the next week , the next month
It 's absolutely amazing .
It 's a very special match .
I hope some way it 's going to end .
know they 're maybe not loving it .
This is unheard of in our game .
Normally there are breaks but John 's barely moving but is still able to produce good serves .
I do n't know if I was crying or laughing , it was too much .
I can relate to it to some little degree - but this is beyond anything . "
2105 : Mahut looks in charge again at 40 - 15 but he 's pegged back to deuce and then double - faults !!
Match point Isner .....
Ace number 95 !
Mahut holds for 59 - 59 .
Mahut looks in charge again at 40 - 15 but he 's pegged back to deuce and then double - faults !!
Mahut holds for
2102 : Germany 's Daniel Brands knocks out seventh seed Nikolay Davydenko 7 - 6 7 - 6 6 - 1 .
I might have earlier suggested that Niko was two sets up , I can't quite remember .
Nothing much makes sense any more .
Germany ' sknocks out seventh seed Nikolay Davydenko 7 - 6 7 - 6 6 - 1 .
I might have earlier suggested that Niko was two sets up , I can't quite remember .
Nothing much makes sense any more .
2100 : Isner smiles and applauds his opponent after Mahut dives headlong for a ball he was never going to get at 0 - 15 .
The American hits his 98th ace to make it 59 - 58 .
Isner smiles and applauds his opponent after Mahut dives headlong for a ball he was never going to get at 0 - 15 .
The American hits his 98th ace to make it
2056 : Mahut thumps ace number 92 , I think , to make it 58 - 58 and there 's plenty of life left in the crowd , if not on court .
We get a Mexican wave and much cheering as McEnroe and Henman peer over from the roof of the Broadcast Centre , adjacent to Court 18 .
Mahut thumps ace number 92 , I think , to make itand there 's plenty of life left in the crowd , if not on court .
We get a Mexican wave and much cheering as McEnroe and Henman peer over from the roof of the Broadcast Centre , adjacent to Court 18 .
2052 : Mahut has a little chat with the trainer but carries on , serving to stay in the match at 58 - 57 down .
For all those asking about the light , I reckon they 'll play until 2130 BST at least .
Dig in lads .
Mahut has a little chat with the trainer but carries on , serving to stay in the match atdown .
For all those asking about the light , I reckon they 'll play until 2130 BST at least .
Dig in lads .
2047 : " There 's no way you can think about trying to describe something that 's never happened before and will never happen again , " says John McEnroe .
Au contraire , John , you can have a go .
For seven hours .
Mahut makes it 57 - 57 .
" There 's no way you can think about trying to describe something that 's never happened before and will never happen again , " says Au contraire , John , you can have a go .
For seven hours .
Mahut makes it
2045 : Mahut holds for 56 - 56 , has a bit of a glare at the umpire over an overrule at the start of the following game , and then gets to 30 - 30 .
" Here we go , this it , " says Tom Fordyce for at least the 20th time today .
Twenty seconds later , " Game Isner .
Isner leads 57 - 56 . "
Mahut holds for , has a bit of a glare at the umpire over an overrule at the start of the following game , and then gets to 30 - 30 .
" Here we go , this it , " says Tom Fordyce for at least the 20th time today .
Twenty seconds later , " Game Isner .
Isner leads . "
2040 : Isner holds to love and practically crawls back to his chair as the set moves past six and a half hours .
Big John leads 56 - 55 but decides against a banana on this changeover as he probably does n't have the energy to peel it .
Isner holds to love and practically crawls back to his chair as the set moves past six and a half hours .
Big John leadsbut decides against a banana on this changeover as he probably does n't have the energy to peel it .
2037 : Mahut skips around the baseline after holding for 55 - 55 .
Mind games , like it .
Isner is n't skipping anywhere but he can still move when he needs to , amazing stuff .
Mahut skips around the baseline after holding for .
Mind games , like it .
Isner is n't skipping anywhere but he can still move when he needs to , amazing stuff .
2034 : An equally impressive hold from Isner from 15 - 30 makes it 55 - 54 to the American .
Henman
Hill remains packed .
" Roger Federer will be in the main interview room in five minutes , " we are told .
It could be a quiet one for Rog today .
An equally impressive hold from Isner from 15 - 30 makes itto the American .
Henman
Hill remains packed .
" Roger Federer will be in the main interview room in five minutes , " we are told .
It could be a quiet one for Rog today .
From Allie , Kent , via text : " The poor players and umpire , I 've taken more comfort breaks than they 've had !
They must be desperate by now !
I do n't no who i want to win ! "
" The poor players and umpire , I 've taken more comfort breaks than they 've had !
They must be desperate by now !
I do n't no who i want to win ! "
ruppy99 on Twitter : " Do you think these 2 are just holding on so they can play in front of The Queen tomorrow ? "
2030 : ... Mahut lunges for a world - class volley , sticks an ace down the ' T ' , sticks another ace down the ' T ' , then puts one out wide for good measure .
Quite incredible .
He 's got to be up for French Sports Personality of the Year after this .
It 's 54 - 54 . ...
Mahut lunges for a world - class volley , sticks an ace down the ' T ' , sticks another ace down the ' T ' , then puts one out wide for good measure .
Quite incredible .
He 's got to be up for French Sports Personality of the Year after this .
It's
2027 : Isner leaps out of his chair and bounds to the baseline , boosted by his seemingly impregnable 54 - 53 lead .
Not really , he shuffles along like a man coming round after major surgery .
However , the seemingly perkier Mahut fires a wild forehand over the baseline and trails 0 - 30 ....
Isner leaps out of his chair and bounds to the baseline , boosted by his seemingly impregnablelead .
Not really , he shuffles along like a man coming round after major surgery .
However , the seemingly perkier Mahut fires a wild forehand over the baseline and trails 0 - 30 ....
2021 : There is other tennis going on but it all seems so half - hearted .
Nikolay Davydenko leads Daniel Brands by two sets to love , Jelena Jankovic has levelled at one set all against Aleksandra Wozniak , and it 's 53 - 53 in the big one .
There is other tennis going on but it all seems so half - hearted .
leads Daniel Brands by two sets to love , has levelled at one set all against Aleksandra Wozniak , and it ' sin the big one .
2015 : Probably , " Caroline , fancy sticking with the live text for a bit longer ? "
I jest , of course , this is what it 's all about and I remain pumped , stoked etc .
Despite the confident howlings from my left that " this is the game " , Isner recovers from 15 - 30 to lead 53 - 52 .
Probably , " Caroline , fancy sticking with the live text for a bit longer ? "
I jest , of course , this is what it 's all about and I remain pumped , stoked etc .
Despite the confident howlings from my left that " this is the game " , Isner recovers from 15 - 30 to lead
From Dan via text : " Piers what you have said if i told you this last set would be over 100 games long ? "
" Piers what you have said if i told you this last set would be over 100 games long ? "
2007 : It 's Isner 52 - 51 Mahut , and I half expect to see the umpire tucking into a plate of steak and chips as he gazes down on the neverending story .
Anne Keothaovong & Mel South are in doubles action on Court Six , while fellow Brits Naomi Cavaday & Anna Smith are on Court One .
I think .
It 'sand I half expect to see the umpire tucking into a plate of steak and chips as he gazes down on the neverending story .are in doubles action on Court Six , while fellow Britsare on Court One .
I think .
Buntworthy on Twitter : " Is there any theoretical limit or could this actually go on forever ?
It could ruin this Wimbledon .
And the following ones ! "
2002 : Mahut gets two break points !!!
His first of the set ........
Ace , smash , deuce .
Isner looks almost as disappointed as Mahut as it dawns on him that it means he 's got to keep playing .
Humans were not designed for this .
Isner 51 - 50 Mahut .
His first of the set ........
Ace , smash , deuce .
Isner looks almost as disappointed as Mahut as it dawns on him that it means he 's got to keep playing .
Humans were not designed for this .
1959 : In a brief moment of clarity , I 'm marvelling at what I 'm seeing here .
Mahut fires down his 77th and 78th aces of the match to make it 50 - 50 .
" Fifty games all ! " booms the umpire as the crowd stand for a prolonged ovation .
I feel quite emotional .
Partly for my lost youth .
In a brief moment of clarity , I 'm marvelling at what I 'm seeing here .
Mahut fires down his 77th and 78th aces of the match to make it .
" Fifty games all ! " booms the umpire as the crowd stand for a prolonged ovation .
I feel quite emotional .
Partly for my lost youth .
1955 : My colleague Tom Fordyce returns from Court 18 with a faraway look in his eyes .
" It 's hell out there , " he says .
Apparently one of the on -court scoreboards has frozen at 47 - 47 , which puts it well out of sync as Isner makes it 50 - 49 .
After eight and a half hours .
My colleague Tom Fordyce returns from Court 18 with a faraway look in his eyes .
" It 's hell out there , " he says .
Apparently one of the on -court scoreboards has frozen at 47 - 47 , which puts it well out of sync as Isner makes it 50 - 49 .
After eight and a half hours .
Svetlana Kuznetsova on Twitter : " I feel sorry for chair unpire !!!! he probably feels the worse as he is not aloud to eat to stand up !!!! its hell for him !!! "
1948 : Now the pressure is on Isner at 30 - 30 .
Ace number 92 and he races into a 49 - 48 lead .
Slightly delirious laughter in Commentary Box Four .
Now the pressure is on Isner at 30 - 30 .
Ace number 92 and he races into a 49 - 48 lead .
Slightly delirious laughter in Commentary Box Four .
Nick , Luton , via text : " I finished work at 5 but decided to stay at work to watch the last few games of this 5th set .
I 'm still here !
Last one in the building and i just can't leave ! "
" I finished work at 5 but decided to stay at work to watch the last few games of this 5th set .
I 'm still here !
Last one in the building and i just can't leave ! "
1945 : Mahut nets a backhand for 15 - 30 and it feels like Championship point in the Roger - Rafa final two years ago .
No matter , the Frenchman calmly sends down his 74th ace of the match on his way to holding for 48 - 48 .
I 'm starting to worry about renegotioating my mortgage now , it 's due next month .
Mahut nets a backhand for 15 - 30 and it feels like Championship point in the Roger - Rafa final two years ago .
No matter , the Frenchman calmly sends down his 74th ace of the match on his way to holding for 48 - 48 .
I 'm starting to worry about renegotioating my mortgage now , it 's due next month .
1939 : Good news Britain , we have a winner !
Two , in fact , as Heather Watson & Jocelyn Rae beat Australians Casey Dellacqua and Alicia Molik 3 - 6 6 - 1 6 - 4 on Court Six .
Elsewhere , " Game Isner .
Isner leads 48 - 47 . "
Good news Britain , we have a winner !
Two , in fact , asbeat Australians Casey Dellacqua and Alicia Molik 3 - 6 6 - 1 6 - 4 on Court Six .
Elsewhere , " Game Isner .
Isner leads 48 - 47 . "
1937 : Someone better ring Jeremy Paxman and tells him Newsnight wo n't be on today .
The only way I can see this one ending is if one of the players needs a hip operation .
As mentioned earlier , possibly in a different month , Someone better ring Jeremy Paxman and tells him Newsnight wo n't be on today .
The only way I can see this one ending is if one of the players needs a hip operation .
As mentioned earlier , possibly in a different month , Mahut beat Britain 's very own Alex Bogdanovic 24 - 22 in the final round of Wimbledon qualifying , so he 's got form .
It 's 47 - 47 , people .
1932 : Mahut pegs Isner back to 46 - 46 - a truly herculean effort from both men this as we pass 500 minutes on the match clock and approach five and a half hours for the fifth set .
And Isner holds again for 47 - 46 .
To say he 's walking back to the chair gingerly would be fair , I think .
Mahut pegs
Isner back to 46 - 46 - a truly herculean effort from both men this as we pass 500 minutes on the match clock and approach five and a half hours for the fifth set .
And Isner holds again for 47 - 46 .
To say he 's walking back to the chair gingerly would be fair , I think .
1926 : Day 36 , and John is in the diary room .
He has a recurring nightmare that every time he holds serve some chirpy French fella does exactly the same and he 's back to square one .
Isner 46 - 45 Mahut .
I 'm going to need a shave soon .
Day 36 , and John is in the diary room .
He has a recurring nightmare that every time he holds serve some chirpy French fella does exactly the same and he 's back to square one .
Isner 46 - 45 Mahut .
I 'm going to need a shave soon .
1923 : Roger Federer beats Ilija Bozoljac 6 - 3 6 - 7 6 - 4 7 - 6 , despite a cheeky Hawkeye challenge from the Serb on match point .
It 's smiles all round and rapturous applause for the Swiss as he leaves .
beats Ilija Bozoljac 6 - 3 6 - 7 6 - 4 7 - 6 , despite a cheeky Hawkeye challenge from the Serb on match point .
It 's smiles all round and rapturous applause for the Swiss as he leaves .
1920 : Lots of people asking if the umpire is allowed a ' comfort break ' .
I would imagine they 're a hardy bunch who would not crumble under the pressure .
I do expect to see Mohamed Lahyani wheeled straight off court and into the locker rooms at the end though , it could be a bit dicey getting down from that chair .
Isner 45 - 44 Mahut .
Lots of people asking if the umpire is allowed a ' comfort break ' .
I would imagine they 're a hardy bunch who would not crumble under the pressure .
I do expect to see Mohamed Lahyani wheeled straight off court and into the locker rooms at the end though , it could be a bit dicey getting down from that chair .
Isner 45 - 44 Mahut .
1913 : Novak Djokovic beats Tayor Dent 7 - 6 6 - 1 6 - 4 , and can get back in the locker room to carry on watching Isner v Mahut .
The Frenchman trails 44 - 43 and is about to serve to stay in the match .
For the 39th time , I think .
And my apologies for not noticing that Britain 's Heather Watson & Jocelyn Rae are in action on Court Six against Aussies Casey Dellacqua and Alicia Molik , and it 's one set all .
beats Tayor Dent 7 - 6 6 - 1 6 - 4 , and can get back in the locker room to carry on watching Isner v Mahut .
The Frenchman trails 44 - 43 and is about to serve to stay in the match .
For the 39th time , I think .
And my apologies for not noticing that Britain ' sare in action on Court Six against Aussies Casey Dellacqua and Alicia Molik , and it 's one set all .
Katie O'Brien on Twitter : " You 've got to feel sorry for the players following this match .
I think I would 've given up warming up by now . "
1905 : Well , the referee 's office have just informed us that Isner 's doubles match with Sam Querrey due on Court 10 has been cancelled for the day .
It 's big Sam who 's the victim in all this .
Isner has stormed into a 43 - 42 lead .
On serve .
I 'm not sure he is n't crying a little bit at the changeover .
Well , the referee 's office have just informed us that Isner 's doubles match with Sam Querrey due on Court 10 has been cancelled for the day .
It 's big Sam who 's the victim in all this .
Isner has stormed into a 43 - 42 lead .
On serve .
I 'm not sure he is n't crying a little bit at the changeover .
1857 : Federer saves three break points and then swipes a magnificent forehand pass across Bozoljac at the net for 3 - 3 in the fourth .
Isner leads
Mahut 42 - 41 as we move past seven and a half hours .
The latest suggestions I 'm getting are for food parcels to be sent in for the Court 18 crowd .
Federer saves three break points and then swipes a magnificent forehand pass across Bozoljac at the net for 3 - 3 in the fourth .
Isner leads
Mahut 42 - 41 as we move past seven and a half hours .
The latest suggestions I 'm getting are for food parcels to be sent in for the Court 18 crowd .
From Nick in Irvind via text : " They 're putting the Mahut v Isner match on DVD .
It 'll be a box set mind ! "
" They 're putting the Mahut v Isner match on DVD .
It 'll be a box set mind ! "
1853 : Tomas Berdych beats Benjamin Becker 7 - 5 6 - 3 6 - 4 .
Mahut plays a cheeky drop shot on game point and , not surprisingly , Isner is not too sprightly chasing it down - 41 - 41 . beats Benjamin Becker 7 - 5 6 - 3 6 - 4 .
Mahut plays a cheeky drop shot on game point and , not surprisingly , Isner is not too sprightly chasing it down - 41 - 41 .
1850 : I 'm told that Taylor Dent has twice hit 148 mph serves in his match on Centre Court against Novak Djokovic to set a new Wimbledon record .
Andy Roddick holds the world record at 155 mph .
It 's a shame they do n't have speed guns at Dulwich Park because I reckon I 've gone close .
It does n't have to go in , does it ?
I 'm told that Taylor Dent has twice hit 148 mph serves in his match on Centre Court against Novak Djokovic to set a new Wimbledon record .
Andy Roddick holds the world record at 155 mph .
It 's a shame they do n't have speed guns at Dulwich Park because I reckon I 've gone close .
It does n't have to go in , does it ?
1843 : Nonsense , Laura , there 's plenty left in this one .
Ace number 81 gets Isner out of a spot of bother from deuce and he strolls back to the chair , surely confident that a 40 - 39 lead will do the job .
The shadow is creeping further and further across Court 18 .
I 'm told this has something to do with the sun going down .
Nonsense , Laura , there 's plenty left in this one .
Ace number 81 gets Isner out of a spot of bother from deuce and he strolls back to the chair , surely confident that a 40 - 39 lead will do the job .
The shadow is creeping further and further across Court 18 .
I 'm told this has something to do with the sun going down .
1836 : Federer wraps up the second set against Bozoljac , Djoko is two sets up on Dent , Berdych is in an equally strong position against Becker , and it 's 39 - 39 in the longest match in the history of the world .
Federer wraps up the second set against Bozoljac , Djoko is two sets up on Dent , Berdych is in an equally strong position against Becker , and it 's 39 - 39 in the longest match in the history of the world .
Wimbledon on Twitter : " Ivo Karlovic 's aces record tumbles .
John Isner has just dished up his 79th winning serve . "
1829 : There is a sense of delirium in Commentary Box Four at the moment , we are living Isner - Mahut .
Suggestions that both men should be given laptops so they can check their emails at the next changeover , and we can't be far off a hairdresser being called to Court 18 .
It 's 38 - 38 .
There is a sense of delirium in Commentary Box Four at the moment , we are living Isner - Mahut .
Suggestions that both men should be given laptops so they can check their emails at the next changeover , and we can't be far off a hairdresser being called to Court 18 .
It 's 38 -38 .
1826 : Mahut holds to love , Isner responds - incredible effort .
Seven hours and 15 minutes for the match , fours hours and 21 minutes for the set , and it's 38 - 38 .
Mahut holds to love , Isner responds - incredible effort .
Seven hours and 15 minutes for the match , fours hours and 21 minutes for the set , and it 's 38 - 38 .
1818 : You 've got to hand it to these boys , they must have been to a spin class or something because they 're not flagging too badly .
Mahut holds to love to make it 36 - 36 .
They would definitely have to stop at 100 because it would clock the scoreboard , so the end is in sight .
Oh , and Federer has broken to lead Bozoljac in the third , and Djokovic is a set and a break up on Dent .
You 've got to hand it to these boys , they must have been to a spin class or something because they 're not flagging too badly .
Mahut holds to love to make it 36 - 36 .
They would definitely have to stop at 100 because it would clock the scoreboard , so the end is in sight .
Oh , and Federer has broken to lead Bozoljac in the third , and Djokovic is a set and a break up on Dent .
1812 : Lleyton Hewitt is heading off to find a television set and watch Australia against Serbia in the World Cup .
So it 's party time round at Lleyton's ?
" No , I wo n't have any beers .
No , not tonight . "
Probably best .
Lleyton Hewitt is heading off to find a television set and watch Australia against Serbia in the World Cup .
So it 's party time round at Lleyton's ?
" No , I wo n't have any beers .
No , not tonight . "
Probably best .
1806 : It 's 34 - 34 and Mahut , who has not had a single break point in a final set that has lasted four hours , gets to deuce , sets up a tantalising backhand and .... smacks it in the net .
The Frenchman falls to the ground in disbelief , and moments later Isner 's 78th ace of the match whistles by .
The American leads 35 - 34 and is one ace from equalling Ivo Karlovic 's record for a single match .
It 's 34 - 34 and Mahut , who has not had a single break point in a final set that has lasted four hours , gets to deuce , sets up a tantalising backhand and .... smacks it in the net .
The Frenchman falls to the ground in disbelief , and moments later Isner 's 78th ace of the match whistles by .
The American leads 35 - 34 and is one ace from equalling Ivo Karlovic 's record for a single match .
dungeekin on Twitter : " Mahut & Isner to settle the match with Rock , Paper , Scissors .
Trouble is , it 'll be best of 135 . "
From Sarah via text : " Well , Henman , Murray et al might have put us through it sometimes , but at least they never did this to us !
Come on Isner !
Although all credit to both ! "
" Well , Henman , Murray et al might have put us through it sometimes , but at least they never did this to us !
Come on Isner !
Although all credit to both ! "
1758 : I need another pair of eyes , but Caroline Cheese will have to do .
Bozoljac has only gone and taken the second set tie - break against Federer to level it up .
" Why is n't he in the top 50 ? " muses my colleague .
Again , I point you to his wikipedia entry .
I need another pair of eyes , but Caroline Cheese will have to do .
Bozoljac has only gone and taken the second set tie - break against Federer to level it up .
" Why is n't he in the top 50 ? " muses my colleague .
Again , I point you to his wikipedia entry .
1755 : We have two match points on Court 18 !
I never thought this moment would come .
At ease everyone , Mahut comes up with a nerveless volley and a big serve .... and it's 33 -33 .
Personally , I want this to go on and on .
Not sure the referee 's office agree though , as Murray & Marray 's match has now been cancelled .
We have two match points on Court 18 !
I never thought this moment would come .
At ease everyone , Mahut comes up with a nerveless volley and a big serve .... and it's 33 -33 .
Personally , I want this to go on and on .
Not sure the referee 's office agree though , as Murray & Marray 's match has now been cancelled .
1751 : A quick update from elsewhere - Federer leads Bozoljac by a set and 6 - 5 , Berdych leads Becker by a set and 2 - 1 , Djokovic trails Dent 5 - 4 on serve , and Britain 's Chris Eaton & Dominic Inglot beat Fabio Fognini & Kevin Ullyett 6 - 7 ( 7 - 9 ) 7 - 5 6 - 4 7 - 6 ( 7 - 4 ) .
Hang on , drama on 18 ...
A quick update from elsewhere - Federer leads Bozoljac by a set and 6 - 5 , Berdych leads Becker by a set and 2 - 1 , Djokovic trails Dent 5 - 4 on serve , and Britain ' sbeat Fabio Fognini & Kevin Ullyett 6 - 7 ( 7 - 9 ) 7 - 5 6 - 4 7 - 6 ( 7 - 4 ) .
Hang on , drama on 18 ...
1748 : There are some very red faces out on Court 18 , send sunblock immediately .
Mahut leans on the net and chuckles after one point in the first visible acknowledgement from either man that they are involved in a ridiculous game of tennis .
Ridiculous but record breaking as it becomes officially the longest tennis match in history when it goes past six hours and 34 minutes .
A ' shock ' graphic will have to do the job .
There are some very red faces out on Court 18 , send sunblock immediately .
Mahut leans on the net and chuckles after one point in the first visible acknowledgement from either man that they are involved in a ridiculous game of tennis .
Ridiculous but record breaking as it becomeswhen it goes past six hours and 34 minutes .
A ' shock ' graphic will have to do the job .
1743 : The referee 's office almost certainly follow this page as Jamie Murray 's match is swiftly moved to Court Six at 1800 BST .
He and Jonny Marray are up against top seeds Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjic .
Meanwhile , Isner storms into a 32 - 31 lead .
On serve .
The referee 's office almost certainly follow this page as Jamie Murray 's match is swiftly moved to Court Six at 1800 BST .
He and Jonny Marray are up against top seeds Daniel Nestor and Nenad Zimonjic .
Meanwhile , Isner storms into a 32 - 31 lead .
On serve .
po8crg on Twitter : " If Isner / Mahut gets to 33 - all then it will break the number of games in the famous Gonzales / Pasarell match in in 1969 . "
1732 : And so it goes on ... 30 - 30 now on Court 18 .
They 'll need to come out and cut the grass in a minute .
And so it goes on ... 30 - 30 now on Court 18 .
They 'll need to come out and cut the grass in a minute .
From Heather via text : " Win or lose , Mahut can teach his football colleagues a lesson or two in grit and determination ! "
" Win or lose , Mahut can teach his football colleagues a lesson or two in grit and determination ! "
1727 : Jamie is , of course , scheduled last on Court 18 for his doubles match with Jonathan Marray .
Chin up , Jamie , Isner and Mahut are 29 - 29 and you always get a break in the 59th game .
Then it 's just a ladies ' singles and men's singles , and you 're on !
We do have a winner on Court Six , where Thiemo de Bakker has beaten Santiago Giraldo 16 - 14 in the fifth .
See you bright and early tomorrow , Thiemo .
Assuming Isner and Mahut are n't still going .
Jamie is , of course , scheduled last on Court 18 for his doubles match with Jonathan Marray .
Chin up , Jamie , Isner and Mahut are 29 - 29 and you always get a break in the 59th game .
Then it 's just a ladies ' singles and men's singles , and you 're on !
We do have a winner on Court Six , wherehas beaten Santiago Giraldo 16 - 14 in the fifth .
See you bright and early tomorrow , Thiemo .
Assuming Isner and Mahut are n't still going .
1719 : Federer looks set for a rather easier afternoon than on Monday as he takes the first set 6 - 3 against Bozoljac , a dead net cord on set point raising a smile from both men .
Lovely .
Novak Djokovic and Taylor Dent have just started on Centre , and I should mention that Britons Chris Eaton and Dominic Inglot lead Fabio Fognini and Kevin Ullyett by two sets to one on Court Six .
Federer looks set for a rather easier afternoon than on Monday as he takes the first set 6 - 3 against Bozoljac , a dead net cord on set point raising a smile from both men .
Lovely .
Novak Djokovic and Taylor Dent have just started on Centre , and I should mention that Britons Chris Eaton and Dominic Inglot lead Fabio Fognini and Kevin Ullyett by two sets to one on Court Six .
1710 : " There 's so much going on right now : the World Cup , Isner 's match ...
I 've been trying to dabble a little bit in all of them , " says Andy Roddick after his win over Llodra .
The fifth set alone of Isner and Mahut has last over three hours , with just the one break point for Isner .
I 've just realised that the winner will face Giraldo or De Bakker , who are currently at 12 - 12 in the decider .
That should be an energetic encounter .
" There 's so much going on right now : the World Cup , Isner 's match ...
I 've been trying to dabble a little bit in all of them , " saysafter his win over Llodra .
The fifth set alone of Isner and Mahut has last over three hours , with just the one break point for Isner .
I 've just realised that the winner will face Giraldo or De Bakker , who are currently at 12 - 12 in the decider .
That should be an energetic encounter .
1702 : Mahut serves out to love and it's 25 - 25 in the fifth .
Just the five hours and 51 minutes gone in this match .
Isner to serve .
De Bakker and Giraldo are 11 - 11 in the fifth on Court 14 , the lightweights .
Mahut serves out to love and it's 25 - 25 in the fifth .
Just the five hours and 51 minutes gone in this match .
Isner to serve .
De Bakker and Giraldo are 11 - 11 in the fifth on Court 14 , the lightweights .
1700 : Kim Clijsters on British tennis : " You have the best facilities you can have here in England .
Most of the girls who make it never had that when they were younger , when they were growing up .
So I think the biggest thing that I can think of , is do n't give it to them that early .
I do n't think there 's one point where you can say ' this is what we 're doing right ' .
You need the whole system , it 's the whole group around , the player , the parents , the whole infrastructure that 's important .
There 's not one difference that Belgium has compared to England .
You probably took most of our coaches already so that did n't work . "
" You have the best facilities you can have here in England .
Most of the girls who make it never had that when they were younger , when they were growing up .
So I think the biggest thing that I can think of , is do n't give it to them that early .
I do n't think there 's one point where you can say ' this is what we 're doing right ' .
You need the whole system , it 's the whole group around , the player , the parents , the whole infrastructure that 's important .
There 's not one difference that Belgium has compared to England .
You probably took most of our coaches already so that did n't work . "
1656 : Venus Williams defeats Ekaterina Makaraova 6 - 0 6 - 4 on Centre Court .
Novak Djokovic and Taylor Dent are up next .
defeats Ekaterina Makaraova 6 - 0 6 - 4 on Centre Court .
Novak Djokovic and Taylor Dent are up next .
And .... relax .
Wimbledon on Twitter : " John Isner v Nicolas Mahut 5th set longest in games in Wimbledon history ( 48th game ) & longest men's singles match at 5 - hours 30 - mins .
Another 39 minutes and Isner v Mahut will be the longest match ( doubles or singles ) in Wimbledon history ( 6 - hrs , 9 - mins ) . "
1641 : Gael Monfils defeats Karol Beck 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 7 6 - 4 on Court Two , meaning it 's time for Tomas Berdych and Benjamin Becker to put the travel scrabble away .
defeats Karol Beck 6 - 4 6 - 4 6 - 7 6 - 4 on Court Two , meaning it 's time for Tomas Berdych and Benjamin Becker to put the travel scrabble away .
1638 : Some stats from Isner and Mahut on Court 18 - it 's 23 - 23 in the fifth , Mahut has 53 aces and 246 points to Isner 's 59 aces and 244 points .
It 's making Bakker and Giraldo's 8 - 8 in the fifth seem quite tame , pull your fingers out lads .
Some stats from Isner and Mahut on Court 18 - it 's 23 - 23 in the fifth , Mahut has 53 aces and 246 points to Isner 's 59 aces and 244 points .
It 's making Bakker and Giraldo's 8 - 8 in the fifth seem quite tame , pull your fingers out lads .
From Dan in London via text : " Mahut won an epic qualifier over our own Bogdanovic 24 - 22 .
Anyone would think he likes doing this . "
" Mahut won an epic qualifier over our own Bogdanovic 24 - 22 .
Anyone would think he likes doing this . "
1629 : The big guns are out and about .
Roger Federer walks onto Court One , smiling and waving .
Ilija Bozoljac looks pretty happy with life too .
Not surprised if his wikipedia entry is accurate .
Rog appears to have discarded the chunky knitwear as the temperature approaches 30 C but still has a tracksuit top on .
Venus is cruising at 6 - 1 2 - 1 on Centre .
The big guns are out and about .
walks onto Court One , smiling and waving .
Ilija Bozoljac looks pretty happy with life too .
Not surprised if his wikipedia entry is accurate .
Rog appears to have discarded the chunky knitwear as the temperature approaches 30 C but still has a tracksuit top on .
Venus is cruising at 6 - 1 2 - 1 on Centre .
1622 : Apologies for the slow updates , seems to be a busy day on the interweb .
The good news is that Isner and Mahut are trundling along at 21 - 21 in the fifth set .
What 's the best way to decide this one ?
I think a winner - takes - all game of hide and seek .
Apologies for the slow updates , seems to be a busy day on the interweb .
The good news is that Isner and Mahut are trundling along at 21 - 21 in the fifth set .
What 's the best way to decide this one ?
I think a winner - takes - all game of hide and seek .
From Sarah , Liverpool , via text : " The Isner v Mahut match is gearing up to beat the Roddick v El Aynaoui 2003 quarter final at the Australian Open and that was EPIC !! "
" The Isner v Mahut match is gearing up to beat the Roddick v El Aynaoui 2003 quarter final at the Australian Open and that was EPIC !! "
FromJ amie , Manchester , via text : " Wishing I was at home watching Isner - Mahut match - sounds amazing :(
Stuck at work where they 're watching some football instead .. "
" Wishing I was at home watching Isner - Mahut match - sounds amazing :(
Stuck at work where they 're watching some football instead . . "
1610 : I have bad news for Serena Williams , all that curtsey practising might have been a waste of time .
Thursday 's order of play is out and , as expected , Andy Murray and Jarkko Nieminen will open Centre Court proceedings at 1300 BST in front of the Queen .
Caroline Wozniacki and Kai-Chen Chang will meet in the second match , before Rafael Nadal takes on Robin Haase .
I believe the Queen will meet some players , past and present , at some stage so hopefully Serena will get her chance then .
I have bad news for Serena Williams , all that curtsey practising might have been a waste of time .
Thursday 's order of play is out and , as expected , Andy Murray and Jarkko Nieminen will open Centre Court proceedings at 1300 BST in front of the Queen .
Caroline Wozniacki and Kai-Chen Chang will meet in the second match , before Rafael Nadal takes on Robin Haase .
I believe the Queen will meet some players , past and present , at some stage so hopefully Serena will get her chance then .
1607 : Lleyton Hewitt moves into the third round when his opponent Evgeny Korolev retires with the Aussie leading 6 - 4 6 - 4 3 - 0 , meaning Court One is about to welcome Roger Federer .
And Ilija Bozoljac .
moves into the third round when his opponent Evgeny Korolev retires with the Aussie leading 6 - 4 6 - 4 3 - 0 , meaning Court One is about to welcome Roger Federer .
And Ilija Bozoljac .
1601 : Mahut slams down his 48th ace of the match to level at 18 - 18 in the decider against Isner on Court 18 .
For any younger readers , this is what Wimbledon used to be like .
I should mention that Dutch up - and - comer Thiemo de Bakker and Colombia 's Santiago Giraldo are 3 - 3 in the fifth on Court 14 .
Great stuff for the spectators but this is not the day you 'd choose to play a five - setter .
Mahut slams down his 48th ace of the match to level at 18 - 18 in the decider against Isner on Court 18 .
For any younger readers , this is what Wimbledon used to be like .
I should mention that Dutch up - and - comer Thiemo de Bakker and Colombia 's Santiago Giraldo are 3 - 3 in the fifth on Court 14 .
Great stuff for the spectators but this is not the day you 'd choose to play a five - setter .
1559 : Monfils cannot close it out as Beck takes the third set tie - break , leaving the Frenchman to chunter at the umpire on the changeover .
Monfils cannot close it out as Beck takes the third set tie - break , leaving the Frenchman to chunter at the umpire on the changeover .
Venus has made a swift start against Makarova , while Hewitt leads Korolev by two sets and an early break .
BBC Sport 's David Ornstein on Twitter : " Anne Keothavong & Melanie South plan 2 watch #eng win footy then want you lot to help them win dubs 4th on C6 v Wozniacki & Mirza . "
Wimbledon on Twitter : " John Isner has just broken Wimbledon ace record .
Has served up 52 v Mahut .
Mahut no slouch either with 42 for the match .
400 points played "
1534 : Andy Roddick beats Michael Llodra 4 - 6 6 - 4 6 - 1 7 - 6 , and he 'll be delighted to have got through that one .
He departs and we wait for Venus and Ekaterina Makarova to join us on a sweltering Centre Court .
beats Michael Llodra 4 - 6 6 - 4 6 - 1 7 - 6 , and he 'll be delighted to have got through that one .
He departs and we wait for Venus and Ekaterina Makarova to join us on a sweltering Centre Court .
1530 : Feliciano Lopez is undergoing lengthy treatment to his left leg on Court 12 - he 's just had it sprayed and now appears to have blue gaffer tape around his knee .
It wo n't be much fun getting that off later .
The Spaniard remains 3 - 0 up on Berankis in the third .
Feliciano Lopez is undergoing lengthy treatment to his left leg on Court 12 - he 's just had it sprayed and now appears to have blue gaffer tape around his knee .
It wo n't be much fun getting that off later .
The Spaniard remains 3 - 0 up on Berankis in the third .
1523 : Monfils sees a couple of break points go begging and remains two sets up and on serve at 3 - 3 in the third against Beck .
A murmur goes around Centre Court as I type ....
Jurgen Melzer has beaten Viktor Trocki 6 - 3 in the fifth .
Roddick leads Llodra by two sets to one on Centre Court , and Korolev has broken Hewitt to lead 2 - 0 in the second on Court One .
Monfils sees a couple of break points go begging and remains two sets up and on serve at 3 - 3 in the third against Beck .
A murmur goes around Centre Court as I type .... something 's afoot .
It must be the news thathas beaten Viktor Trocki 6 - 3 in the fifth .
Roddick leads Llodra by two sets to one on Centre Court , and Korolev has broken Hewitt to lead 2 - 0 in the second on Court One .
1515 : One contented looking fellow on Court 18 munches on a sandwich , safe in the knowledge that his scalp is protected from the fierce sun by the newspaper he is balancing expertly on his head .
It could be there a while yet as Mahut makes it 11 - 11 against Isner in the decider after four hours and eight minutes of match time , although they resumed at the start of the fifth .
One contented looking fellow on Court 18 munches on a sandwich , safe in the knowledge that his scalp is protected from the fierce sun by the newspaper he is balancing expertly on his head .
It could be there a while yet as Mahut makes it 11 - 11 against Isner in the decider after four hours and eight minutes of match time , although they resumed at the start of the fifth .
1507 : A bit of a surprise out on Court 17 as Mardy Fish makes an early exit with a four - set defeat by Germany 's Florian Mayer .
And Mardy 's mate John Isner is still battling away with Nicolas Mahut on 18 , leading 10 - 9 on serve in the decider .
A bit of a surprise out on Court 17 asmakes an early exit with a four - set defeat by Germany's .
And Mardy 's mate John Isner is still battling away with Nicolas Mahut on 18 , leading 10 - 9 on serve in the decider .
1458 : Daniela Hantuchova has beaten Vania King 6 - 7 7 - 6 6 - 3 , Hewitt leads Korolev by a break at 4 - 2 , Monfils has just gone two sets up on Beck , and has beaten Vania King 6 - 7 7 - 6 6 - 3 , Hewitt leads Korolev by a break at 4 - 2 , Monfils has just gone two sets up on Beck , and England are wearing all red .
Shorts and everything .
More of that elsewhere , stay here for updates on Troicki , Gabashvili , Berankis and the gang .
1444 : Good point , James , although I 'm not sure yesterday 's ODI win is going to help cheer up much of the nation at about 5 pm if it all goes wrong .
Out on Court One , Good point , James , although I 'm not sure yesterday 's ODI win is going to help cheer up much of the nation at about 5 pm if it all goes wrong .
Out on Court One , Roddick finally gets the break to level at one set all against Llodra , while out on Court 18 it's 6 - 6 in the fifth between Isner and Mahut .
jamesaldous on Twitter : " England have beaten the Aussies in a cricket ODI and a Rugby Union Test in Australia .
Hardly a summer of doom and gloom ! "
1436 : I 've checked the rules and apparently three sets is enough for a win , so I can confirm that Britain 's Delgado & Goodall have beaten Almagro & Ventura 5 - 7 7 - 6 6 - 1 6 - 3 in the men 's doubles .
And here comes Aussie battler Lleyton Hewitt onto Court One to face Evgeny Korolev .
Lleyton will want to race through this to catch the second half of the England match , surely .
I 've checked the rules and apparently three sets is enough for a win , so I can confirm that Britain ' shave beaten Almagro & Ventura 5 - 7 7 - 6 6 - 1 6 - 3 in the men 's doubles .
And here comes Aussie battler Lleyton Hewitt onto Court One to face Evgeny Korolev .
Lleyton will want to race through this to catch the second half of the England match , surely .
1430 : Kim Clijsters defeats Karolina Sprem 6 - 3 6 - 2 and will play Shenay Perry or Maria Kirilenko next .
Fellow Belgian Justine Henin earlier beat Kristina Barroi , and said : " I really do n't see myself as one of the favourites .
I see Wimbledon differently now , I 've opened my eyes .
Usually I 've done well at French and I 've come here with a lot of pressure , as the world number one .
Now it 's different .
I can see it 's a beautiful court and the atmosphere is fantastic , you feel the passion for the game . " defeats Karolina Sprem 6 - 3 6 - 2 and will play Shenay Perry or Maria Kirilenko next .
Fellow Belgianearlier beat Kristina Barroi , and said : " I really do n't see myself as one of the favourites .
I see Wimbledon differently now , I 've opened my eyes .
Usually I 've done well at French and I 've come here with a lot of pressure , as the world number one .
Now it 's different .
I can see it 's a beautiful court and the atmosphere is fantastic , you feel the passion for the game . "
1422 : We may be teetering on the edge of a sporting summer of gloom in the UK but there is still hope .
Things are already a lot gloomier in France , but free from a coach who believes in horoscopes and a having to share a room with Nicolas Anelka , Gael Monfils has confidently snaffled the first set against Karol Beck on Court Two .
And We may be teetering on the edge of a sporting summer of gloom in the UK but there is still hope .
Things are already a lot gloomier in France , but free from a coach who believes in horoscopes and a having to share a room with Nicolas Anelka , Gael Monfils has confidently snaffled the first set against Karol Beck on Court Two .
And Roddick finally gets the break to level at one set all against Llodra .
BBC Sport 's David Ornstein on Twitter : " Andy Murray falls heavily while playing football tennis at Wimbledon .
Stays on floor motionless for a few mins .
Physio Andy Ireland runs on court .
Little chats going on betwn Murray 's fitness trainers & physio .
Will be interesting to know if he injured something in that fall .
Seems fine . "
From Neil via text : " At about 2.45 I am going to the office canteen turn the television to Wimbledon and throw away the remote .
Will i be unpopular ? "
" At about 2.45 I am going to the office canteen turn the television to Wimbledon and throw away the remote .
Will i be unpopular ? "
1407 : I 've been distracted by my annual quandary as to whether anything ' vanilla flavoured ' can really be considered a ) a yoghurt , and b ) healthy .
Away from that drama , I 've been distracted by my annual quandary as to whether anything ' vanilla flavoured ' can really be considered a ) a yoghurt , and b ) healthy .
Away from that drama , Kim Clijsters is on course to join fellow Belgian Justine Henin in the third round as she leads Karolina Sprem by a set and a break on Court One .
1400 : I would like to find someone else to blame for the previous entry , and when I do I 'll make sure to pass on their name .
Delgado & Goodall were serving for the set , not the match , this being a Grand Slam and all .
And it was 5 - 1 .
The good news is they took it and the Brits lead by two sets to one .
Meanwhile , I would like to find someone else to blame for the previous entry , and when I do I 'll make sure to pass on their name .
were serving for the set , not the match , this being a Grand Slam and all .
And it was 5 - 1 .
The good news is they took it and the Brits lead by two sets to one .
Meanwhile , Roddick is in a real battle on Centre as he trails Llodra by a set , and John Isner and Nicolas Mahut have just taken to Court 18 to resume their match from last night .
It 's the start of the fifth in that one .
1352 : Afternoon all , refresh your page and you can confirm I am no Cheese .
I trust the butterflies are fighting for stomach space with that large knot of tension on this huge afternoon for British sport ?
Well , I 'm about to put you out of your misery as Delgado & Goodall are serving for the match at 5 - 0 in the third against Almagro & Ventura .....
Afternoon all , refresh your page and you can confirm I am no Cheese .
I trust the butterflies are fighting for stomach space with that large knot of tension on this huge afternoon for British sport ?
Well , I 'm about to put you out of your misery as Delgado & Goodall are serving for the match at 5 - 0 in the third against Almagro & Ventura .....
By Caroline Cheese
BBC Sport at Wimbledon
1343 : Kim Clijsters wraps up the first set 6 - 3 against former quarter - finalist Karolina Sprem .
Delgado / Goodall are 3 - 0 up in the third set against Almagro / Ventura .
Piers Newbery will bring you the rest of their march to victory .
Thanks for all your poems / haikus .
I 'd show them to the official Wimbledon poet , but I do n't want to cause any tears .
Kim Clijsters wraps up the first set 6 - 3 against former quarter - finalist Karolina Sprem .
Delgado / Goodall are 3 - 0 up in the third set against Almagro / Ventura .
Piers Newbery will bring you the rest of their march to victory .
Thanks for all your poems / haikus .
I 'd show them to the official Wimbledon poet , but I do n't want to cause any tears .
From anon via text : " Another haiku : a nation 's hopes raised , once more dashed by foreign stars .
There 's always snooker . "
" Another haiku : a nation 's hopes raised , once more dashed by foreign stars .
There 's always snooker . "
1331 : Panic over .
Justine Henin wins two games in a row to wrap up a 6 - 3 7 - 5 win over Kristina Barrois .
She 'll face Nadia Petrova or Yung - Jan Chan in the third round before a possible last - 16 meeting with fellow Belgian Kim Clijsters .
And hello naysayers !
Josh Goodall and Jamie Delgado take the second set against Almagro / Ventura on the tie - break .
Panic over .wins two games in a row to wrap up a 6 - 3 7 - 5 win over Kristina Barrois .
She 'll face Nadia Petrova or Yung - Jan Chan in the third round before a possible last - 16 meeting with fellow Belgian Kim Clijsters .
And hello naysayers !
Josh Goodall and Jamie Delgado take the second set against Almagro / Ventura on the tie - break .
1326 : Strange turn of events on Court Two where Justine Henin has been pegged back to 5 - 5 by Kristina Barrois in the second set .
Perhaps not so strange : Jamie Delgado and Josh Goodall failed to serve out the second set against Ventura / Almagro and they 're into a tie - break .
I think I know how that story goes .
Strange turn of events on Court Two where Justine Henin has been pegged back to 5 - 5 by Kristina Barrois in the second set .
Perhaps not so strange : Jamie Delgado and Josh Goodall failed to serve out the second set against Ventura / Almagro and they 're into a tie - break .
I think I know how that story goes .
1321 : If there was anyone still in any doubt about Wimbledon 's World Cup policy ,
If there was anyone still in any doubt about Wimbledon 's World Cup policy , here 's tournament referee Andrew Jarrett speaking to BBC Sport : " We 're a major tennis event .
That is our priority . "
1317 : Here 's some scores on the doors especially for Bruce : Henin a game away from victory ; Shahar Peer and Angelique Kerber at a set each ; Delgado / Goodall are a game away from the second set .
Here 's some scores on the doors especially for Bruce : Henin a game away from victory ; Shahar Peer and Angelique Kerber at a set each ; Delgado / Goodall are a game away from the second set .
1312 : Bruce Forsyth puts his shades on and pats down ' his hair ' as the action gets under way on Centre .
After the disappointments of the last couple of days , the Royal Box is packed with celebs today .
Jimmy Tarbuck and June Whitfield will be teaming up with Forsyth to provide the laughs .
Albert Roux will no doubt share some cooking tips .
puts his shades on and pats down ' his hair ' as the action gets under way on Centre .
After the disappointments of the last couple of days , the Royal Box is packed with celebs today .
will be teaming up with Forsyth to provide the laughs .
will no doubt share some cooking tips .
1307 : During the warm - up , just saw Andy Roddick play a high backhand volley , which looked very much like the one he missed so crucially when leading 6 - 4 in the second - set tie - break against Roger Federer last year .
He got it spot on this time , just 12 months too late .
During the warm - up , just saw Andy Roddick play a high backhand volley , which looked very much like the one he missed so crucially when leading 6 - 4 in the second - set tie - break against Roger Federer last year .
He got it spot on this time , just 12 months too late .
1300 : Here come Andy Roddick and Michael Llodra , the lefty who won Eastbourne last week .
Here come Andy Roddick and Michael Llodra , the lefty who won Eastbourne last week .
Tom Fordyce is standing by to bring you that match in detail .
Stick around here for doubles updates from Court Six - where the Brits are a break up in the second set !
1256 : Just heard that Roger Federer 's opponent Ilija Bozoljac is more well - known in Serbia for his love life than his tennis .
If Wikipedia is to be believed , the 24 - year - old has got a Miss Canada and a Playboy model on his CV .
One of the game 's ' characters ' then .
Just heard that Roger Federer 's opponentis more well - known in Serbia for his love life than his tennis .
If Wikipedia is to be believed , the 24 - year - old has got a Miss Canada and a Playboy model on his CV .
One of the game 's ' characters ' then .
1251 : Jamie Delgado and Josh Goodall drop the first set against Almagro / Ventura 7 - 5 .
Well , it was close at least .
Justine Henin has broken at the start of the second set .
Crowd filling up in front of me , hats being put on , suncream being applied .
Ten minutes until Michael Llodra and Andy Roddick step on to Centre Court .
Jamie Delgado and Josh Goodall drop the first set against Almagro / Ventura 7 - 5 .
Well , it was close at least .
Justine Henin has broken at the start of the second set .
Crowd filling up in front of me , hats being put on , suncream being applied .
Ten minutes until Michael Llodra and Andy Roddick step on to Centre Court .
From Alice , Oxford , via text : " Here 's my haiku effort - clean green and bright white , rhythmic bok bok bok of balls , tennis conquers all . "
" Here 's my haiku effort - clean green and bright white , rhythmic bok bok bok of balls , tennis conquers all . "
1241 : Israel 's 13th seed Shahar Peer wins the first set of the day , 6 - 3 against Angelique Kerber .
Justine Henin is n't far behind , holding to love for a 6 - 3 first set against Kristina Barrois .
Israel 's 13th seed Shahar Peer wins the first set of the day , 6 - 3 against Angelique Kerber .
Justine Henin is n't far behind , holding to love for a 6 - 3 first set against Kristina Barrois .
BBC Sport 's David Ornstein on Twitter : " British player Marcus Willis the first player seen in a footy shirt Wimbledon this wk .
Wearing England away strip with Willbomb 8 on the back . "
From Dave , London , via text : " In Wimbledon , everyone hears us dream .
The sound of action comes a distant second .
If we could only make it really seem , to kids computer - glued and sullen , that in another place , another time , a greater glory beckons . "
Stop ... I 'm welling up ...
" In Wimbledon , everyone hears us dream .
The sound of action comes a distant second .
If we could only make it really seem , to kids computer - glued and sullen , that in another place , another time , a greater glory beckons . "
From Alex in Harborne , via text : " Re earlier text ( above 1159 entry ) : Fine .
I will express it as a rhyming haiku .
' My 6 year old son .
Wants tennis lessons for fun .
Ca n't find em in Brum ' . "
" Re earlier text ( above 1159 entry ) : Fine .
I will express it as a rhyming haiku .
' My 6 year old son .
Wants tennis lessons for fun .
Ca n't find em in Brum ' . "
1226 : Early scores on the doors : Henin already into a 3 - 1 lead over Barrois .
Everyone else pretty much level pegging , including Brits Jamie Delgado and Josh Goodall against Spanish pair Nicolas Almagro and Santiago Ventura .
Early scores on the doors : Henin already into a 3 - 1 lead over Barrois .
Everyone else pretty much level pegging , including Brits Jamie Delgado and Josh Goodall against Spanish pair Nicolas Almagro and Santiago Ventura .
From Roman , London , via text : " Re 1111 : Here 's a haiku for you - Scorched summer grass courts , Cool cream covered strawberries , Slovenia who ? "
" Re 1111 : Here 's a haiku for you - Scorched summer grass courts , Cool cream covered strawberries , Slovenia who ? "
Anne Keothavong on Twitter : " Will be at Wimbledon again soon .
Fourth match on today for dubs , hope to watch England win first though :-) "
From Tom , Chelmsford , via text : " Re 1111 : ' Wimbledon is here .
Murray is our only hope .
Optimistic fools . '
That 's my haiku , did you enjoy ? "
Yes " Re 1111 : ' Wimbledon is here .
Murray is our only hope .
Optimistic fools . '
That 's my haiku , did you enjoy ? "
1213 : Tim Henman strolls on to Centre Court wearing a dark suit .
He must be roasting .
It 's at least a million degrees out there .
Tim Henman strolls on to Centre Court wearing a dark suit .
He must be roasting .
It 's at least a million degrees out there .
1209 : Curses .
I was so busy looking at that picture of Feliciano Lopez , I missed who won the first point of the day .
I reckon it was Viktor Troicki , who 's already a game up against Jurgen Melzer .
Curses .
I was so busy looking at that picture of Feliciano Lopez , I missed who won the first point of the day .
I reckon it was Viktor Troicki , who 's already a game up against Jurgen Melzer .
From Douglas from Tynemouth : " Who needs the World Cup , we 've got the tennis .
Hopefully Murray , compared to England , will show a bit more menace . "
" Who needs the World Cup , we 've got the tennis .
Hopefully Murray , compared to England , will show a bit more menace . "
From Alex in Harborne , via text : " My six - year - old wants tennis lessons in Birmingham and I am struggling to find them . "
Is that a poem ?
Not sure ...
" My six - year - old wants tennis lessons in Birmingham and I am struggling to find them . "
1159 : All hail All hail Tom Fordyce 's mum , who has provided a month 's supply ( which will be gone in a few hours ) of flapjacks just in time for the start of play .
Commentary Box Four is happy .
From John R in Welburn , via text : " Re 1111 : shiver me timbers , day three at Wimbers , nothing surprising , only Muzza surviving ! "
" Re 1111 : shiver me timbers , day three at Wimbers , nothing surprising , only Muzza surviving ! "
From Paddy via text : " Re 1111 : Suits and blazers , cocktails and canapes ; no mention of tennis , at the LTA ... "
" Re 1111 : Suits and blazers , cocktails and canapes ; no mention of tennis , at the LTA ... "
From Bryan on a train , via text : " Re 1111 : British tennis in the modern age ( alt title : Murray 's on telly again ) ' Murray - worry - woolly - wally - welly - telly ' . "
" Re 1111 : British tennis in the modern age ( alt title : Murray 's on telly again ) ' Murray - worry - woolly - wally - welly - telly ' . "
1147 : Also in action at 1200 BST today : Anastasia Rodionova , who now plays for Australia , with her sister Arina , who still plays for Russia .
Anastasia did n't win many fans in the singles yesterday , and not just because she knocked out the lovely Anne Keothavong .
When she was n't yelling at herself for her ( 54 ) errors , she was taking it out on the poor umpire .
Rodionova was chucked out of the Cincinnati Open in 2007 for smashing a ball into the crowd .
She 's not bothered what people think though .
" The end result was I won the match and I 'm really happy about it . "
Also in action at 1200 BST today : Anastasia Rodionova , who now plays for Australia , with her sister Arina , who still plays for Russia .
Anastasia did n't win many fans in the singles yesterday , and not just because she knocked out the lovely Anne Keothavong .
When she was n't yelling at herself for her ( 54 ) errors , she was taking it out on the poor umpire .
Rodionova was chucked out of the Cincinnati Open in 2007 for smashing a ball into the crowd .
She 's not bothered what people think though .
" The end result was I won the match and I 'm really happy about it . "
From Stu via text : " Re 1111 : Swish , miss ; thwack , out .
Another Brit player on wrong end of a rout . "
" Re 1111 : Swish , miss ; thwack , out .
Another Brit player on wrong end of a rout . "
1124 : If you 're in the queue hoping to catch a glimpse of 2007 finalist Marion Bartoli , I bring devastating news .
Her opponent Petra Martic has pulled out of their second - round match , handing the Frenchwoman a walkover .
Martic , you may recall , beat Elena Baltacha in the first round .
Clearly , the effort was too much .
If you 're in the queue hoping to catch a glimpse of 2007 finalistI bring devastating news .
Her opponent Petra Martic has pulled out of their second - round match , handing the Frenchwoman a walkover .
Martic , you may recall , beat Elena Baltacha in the first round .
Clearly , the effort was too much .
From Cogen from 606 , via text : " Re 1020 : I had a great time on court One yesterday !
I 'd already seen Nadal and Soderling before at the World Tour Finals , so I chose Court One and was glad to be able to see the charisma of Tsonga followed by my favourite guy and my favourite girl , Andy and Caroline !
Wonderful line up and I thank the organisers . "
" Re 1020 : I had a great time on court One yesterday !
I 'd already seen Nadal and Soderling before at the World Tour Finals , so I chose Court One and was glad to be able to see the charisma of Tsonga followed by my favourite guy and my favourite girl , Andy and Caroline !
Wonderful line up and I thank the organisers . "
Andy Murray on Twitter : " On way into courts .
Get behind my brother Jamie today .
He plays last on Ct 18 . "
1111 : Great effort on the poems so far , keep them coming .
That last tweeter had another effort ( ' Rafa Nadal , he hails from Spain .
He 's won the French Open again ' ) , which I did n't like as much because it did n't have any made - up words in it .
Still , I 'm pretty sure the real Wimbledon poet , Great effort on the poems so far , keep them coming .
That last tweeter had another effort ( ' Rafa Nadal , he hails from Spain .
He 's won the French Open again ' ) , which I did n't like as much because it did n't have any made - up words in it .
Still , I 'm pretty sure the real Wimbledon poet , Matt Harvey , will be worried right now ...
1100 : One hour until play begins on the outside courts , two hours until they hit the ball on Centre and Court One .
Justine Henin is among those in action early doors , up against Kristina Barrois on Court Two .
The fact that Henin has been on Court 12 and now Two in her first appearance at Wimbledon for three years , I do find a bit odd , by the way .
One hour until play begins on the outside courts , two hours until they hit the ball on Centre and Court One .
Justine Henin is among those in action early doors , up against Kristina Barrois on Court Two .
The fact that Henin has been on Court 12 and now Two in her first appearance at Wimbledon for three years , I do find a bit odd , by the way .
BBC Sport 's David Ornstein on Twitter : " Already spotted 10 - 15 England shirts and a scattering of St George 's flags on Henman Hill .
Do n't they know Wimbledon is a World Cup free zone ? ! "
Excellent effort .
Keep them coming From sparkyfresh on Twitter : " Re 1012 : How about an ode to Sharapova : Twack screech twack screech , win the match , screech , go back to Florida and lie on the beach ... "
1047 : Phil in London texts to ask where to go if you 've got a ground pass today .
Funny you should ask , Phil , because it 's time for Cheesy 's Outside Court Golden Ticket and today , it 's an antidote to the doom and gloom surrounding British tennis .
Over on Court Six , get your Union Jacks out as four British doubles duos take to the grass .
Delgado / Goodall , Eaton / Inglot , Rae / Watson and Keothavong / South .
Please do n't blame me if they all lose ...
Phil in London texts to ask where to go if you 've got a ground pass today .
Funny you should ask ,
Phil , because it 's time forand today , it 's an antidote to the doom and gloom surrounding British tennis .
Over on Court Six , get your Union Jacks out as four British doubles duos take to the grass .
Delgado / Goodall , Eaton / Inglot , Rae / Watson and Keothavong / South .
Please do n't blame me if they all lose ...
ACETennisMag on Twitter : " A lot of men in suits standing around looking v worried outside the press centre .
Why ?
Testing the cordons for the Queen 's visit Wimbledon . "
From Steve , Clapham via text : " Hey Caroline .
We had the joy of having the resident poet serenade us with ' Thwok ' on the Hill yesterday while sipping champagne .
One of the more surreal Wimbledon experiences ! "
I might pop out to the hill later and roadtest my ode to British tennis ... ( see 1012 ) " Hey Caroline .
We had the joy of having the resident poet serenade us with ' Thwok ' on the Hill yesterday while sipping champagne .
One of the more surreal Wimbledon experiences ! "
From David T , Edinburgh , via text : " Re 1003 : That Wimbledon poem reminds me of Baldrick 's poem from Blackadder about the German guns , ' Boom boom boom boom , boom boom boom !
Boom boom , boom boom ...'
Can you guess the last line ? ! "
That one could work for the great Boris Becker as well ...
Anyone else want to have a go ?
" Re 1003 : That Wimbledon poem reminds me of Baldrick 's poem from Blackadder about the German guns , ' Boom boom boom boom , boom boom boom !
Boom boom , boom boom ...'
Can you guess the last line ? ! "
1020 : Now then , there 's a few of you perplexed about the decision to put Andy Murray ( yesterday ) and Roger Federer ( today ) on Court One , but I 'm not sure it's that surprising .
The order of play committee tries to give all the top seeds a go on Centre during the first week , on the basis that the likes of Fed and Murray will dominate it later on .
Novak Djokovic is on Centre again today after his late night under - the - roof finish on Monday , but his match against Taylor Dent could be a close one .
Now then , there 's a few of you perplexed about the decision to put Andy Murray ( yesterday ) and Roger Federer ( today ) on Court One , but I 'm not sure it 's that surprising .
The order of play committee tries to give all the top seeds a go on Centre during the first week , on the basis that the likes of Fed and Murray will dominate it later on .
Novak Djokovic is on Centre again today after his late night under - the - roof finish on Monday , but his match against Taylor Dent could be a close one .
From Ank , via text : " In the queue since 5:30 am and just managed to get Court Two tickets .
Everyone here going for Court One tickets as Roger is on Court One .
Wonder why he was put on Court One . "
" In the queue since 5:30 am and just managed to get Court Two tickets .
Everyone here going for Court One tickets as Roger is on Court One .
Wonder why he was put on Court One . "
1012 : If I 'd known you could just make up words , I 'd have had a bash at poetry a long time ago .
Here 's my ode to British tennis : " Hrrrrrmmmmmeeeurgh . "
Simple but effective .
Where do I apply to be 2011 Wimbledon poet ?
If I 'd known you could just make up words , I 'd have had a bash at poetry a long time ago .
Here 's my ode to British tennis : " Hrrrrrmmmmmeeeurgh . "
Simple but effective .
Where do I apply to be 2011 Wimbledon poet ?
1003 : In another ' only at Wimbledon ' moment , the tournament appointed an official poet this year .
I confess the news did n't exactly fill me with cheer - but that was until I saw In another ' only at Wimbledon ' moment , the tournament appointed an official poet this year .
I confess the news did n't exactly fill me with cheer - but that was until I saw his latest effort in the Guardian this morning .
Entitled Thwok , it begins : " bounce bounce bounce bounce , thwackety wackety zingety ping , hittety backety pingety zang , wack , thwok , thwack , pok ... "
Get the idea ?
Something for the LTA to think about there .
Free strawberries for all BBC Sport 's David Ornstein on Twitter : " Free strawberries on the walk from Southfields tube station to Wimbledon - the gloom hanging over British tennis has just been lifted ! "
0952 : If the English are beginning to despair about their football team , they 've got If the English are beginning to despair about their football team , they 've got nothing on the French .
Jo -Wilfried Tsonga seemed to reflect the mood of the nation yesterday when he conducted a hilariously monosyllabic press conference after his first - round win yesterday .
Do you think you have the game to challenge Federer , Jo-Wilfried ?
" Yeah . "
Great stuff .
From David , Gillingham , via text : " Do n't worry !
There will be a British girl on court on Ladies ' Final day .
My daughter will be tossing the coin !
What about using the flag icon ? "
To hell with it , I 'm going with two flags " Do n't worry !
There will be a British girl on court on Ladies ' Final day .
My daughter will be tossing the coin !
What about using the flag icon ? "
0938 : Former British number one and BBC commentator Former British number one and BBC commentator Tim Henman was impressed by Murray 's performance , after a dodgy few months for the Scot .
" Coming into Wimbledon I spoke of how important it was for him to dictate play and be the aggressor , " said Henman .
" I wanted to see him achieving a high first - serve percentage , dictating from the baseline and getting that backhand working like we know it can .
For the majority of the match he played offensive and aggressive tennis , kept his first - serve percentage well above 60 % , looked to dictate from the baseline and got his backhand firing consistently . "
0931 : Let 's focus on the positives .
In his latest Let 's focus on the positives .
In his latest exclusive !
column for the BBC website , Andy Murray , who showed flashes of his very best form in his first - round win over Jan Hajek , says he 's looking forward to playing in front of the Queen on Thursday .
" That 's probably not going to happen too often in my career , if ever again , so I want to be prepared as best as possible and hopefully I 'll put on a good performance .
I 'll be practising my bowing in front of the mirror on Wednesday night ! "
0921 : On Radio Wimbledon , they 're wondering whether football is the reason not enough kids play tennis in Britain .
Just as well we rule the world in football then ...
Oh wait ...
On Radio Wimbledon , they 're wondering whether football is the reason not enough kids play tennis in Britain .
Just as well we rule the world in football then ...
Oh wait ...
0914 : In his blog , BBC 5 live 's Jonathan Overend has promised to seek some answers from British tennis bigwigs this morning , so we can look forward to lots of positive spin no doubt .
Yesterday , Jonathan
In his blog , BBC 5 live ' shas promised to seek some answers from British tennis bigwigs this morning , so we can look forward to lots of positive spin no doubt .
Yesterday , Jonathan asked Andy Murray for his thoughts .
" The rankings are not good enough , " said the world number four .
" The last few years it [ British men 's tennis ] has definitely got worse , less depth even than three or four years ago . "
0909 : Not such a good morning if you 're British tennis - related .
Andy Murray is the Not such a good morning if you 're British tennis - related .
Andy Murray is the only home player through to the second round , Britain 's worst ever Wimbledon in its 133 - year history .
A failure of impressive proportions .
Furrowed brows all round at the LTA then , and they may be grateful that the small matter of England 's crunch match against Slovenia has kept tennis off the front pages today .
0900 : Hello , a very , very good morning to you .
It 's a beautifully sunny day at Wimbledon .
Again .
Getting kinda boring now is n't it ?
Hello , a very , very good morning to you .
It 's a beautifully sunny day at Wimbledon .
Again .
Getting kinda boring now is n't it ?
Venus and Makarova are knocking up in front of me , while out on Court 18 it's now 16 - 16 in the fifth between Isner and Mahut .
Hewitt is closing in on a two - set lead over Korolev on Court oO
Alex Barnett spent 14 years as an attorney handling several high - profile class - action lawsuits involving consumer fraud and product defects .
But after getting laid off by two firms in the spring of 2008 , he began prepping for a different kind of spotlight :
He launched a career in stand - up comedy .
Facing a tough job market , many lawyers struggling to find work like Mr. Barnett are re-examining their roles and testing the waters in other fields .
Some are attempting to stay in the industry by taking temporary ...
Russian President Dmitry Medvedev told ABC ’s George Stephanopoulos that President Obama is a “ thinker ” unlike “ other people . ”
The Russian president seemed to be referring to President George W. Bush .
“ I wo n’t name anyone by name , ” he said .
In a rambling fashion , Medvedev also talks in vague terms about an “ agreement ” reached between President Barack Obama and his own country over reducing the number of active missiles in their respective arsenals .
ADVERTISEMENT
“ We agreed upon and we spoke about with President Obama and talked about with American representatives that we should cooperate in the creation of global missile defense systems , ” he added .
“ But if that process will go eventually on such a scenario which , according to our impression , will lead to the quantity changes , then such a question could be posed by our side .
And this is the principle of that reasoning , and understanding as well about that oral statement yesterday . ”
The creation of a US missile shield in Europe , aimed at deflecting a threat from a nuclear - armed Iran and potentially from Russia itself , has been a sore point between Russia and the United States .
This video is from ABC ’s Good Morning America , broadcast April 12 , 2010 .
President Obama congratulates Sen. Chris Dodd , center , and Rep. Barney Frank , after he signed the Dodd - Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection financial reform bill at the Ronald Reagan Building Wednesday .
Obama signs Wall Street reform bill
Almost two years after the near collapse of the American economy , President Barack Obama signed into law on Wednesday a historic rewriting of the regulations governing the nation ’s financial system and declared the end of an era of antiquated rules that left Americans vulnerable .
Describing it as a triumph for consumers and a necessity for business , the president hailed the law , saying that the financial system “ only works — our markets are only free — when there are clear rules and basic safeguards that prevent abuse , that check excess , that ensure that it is more profitable to play by the rules than to game the system . ”
Advertisement
“ And that is what these reforms are designed to achieve ; no more , no less , ” Obama said during the ceremony at the Ronald Reagan Building , “ because that is how we will ensure that our economy works for consumers , that it works for investors , that it works for financial institutions — that it works for all of us . ”
But despite his second major legislative victory since taking office , Obama is already under pressure from progressives disappointed with the bill .
They want him to appoint an aggressive advocate to run the new Consumer Financial Protection Bureau .
The liberal base has rallied around Elizabeth Warren , a plain - spoken Harvard University law professor who drafted the idea of a consumer bureau .
But top administration officials , sensing opposition from Republicans and the business community , have said she is only one of several candidates under consideration .
The reluctance of the White House to publicly embrace Warren has prompted some congressional Democrats and labor groups such as the Service Employees International Union to launch impromptu campaigns on her behalf .
Obama on Wednesday said the consumer bureau would be led by a “ watchdog with just one job : looking out for people — not big banks , not lenders , not investment houses — in the financial system . ”
Obama signed the bill after months of debate that led to hopes of producing a strong bipartisan measure , but it barely passed the Senate with a handful of Republican votes .
The GOP and the business community argued that the bill failed to address what they said was the root cause of the 2008 financial crisis — irresponsible lending at mortgage giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac — and that the reforms would lead financial firms to move jobs overseas .
The bill “ epitomizes a law with unintended consequences ” that will hamstring American businesses , said Tom Donohue , president and CEO of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce .
Though the Chamber is open to financial system modernization , he added , “ this law is like adding new paint on an old car ; it ’s still not going to run at the pace and with the agility that is currently demanded . ”
Obama took on the criticism from Wall Street , saying the reform will help foster innovation , not hamper it .
“ It is designed to make sure that everyone follows the same set of rules , so that firms compete on price and quality , not tricks and traps .
It demands accountability and responsibility from everyone , ” Obama said .
“ It provides certainty to everybody from bankers to farmers to business owners .
And unless your business model depends on cutting corners or bilking your customers , you have nothing to fear from this reform . ”
He signed the bill flanked by Senate Banking Committee Chairman Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . ) , House Financial Services Committee Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) and Senate Agriculture Committee Chairwoman Blanche Lincoln ( D - Ark. ) and congressional leaders .
Obama went out of his way to praise them for shuttling the bill through Congress ; Dodd and Frank received an extended standing ovation .
“ Barney and Chris have worked day and night to bring about this reform , and I am profoundly grateful to them , ” Obama said before thanking Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid and House Speaker Nancy Pelosi “ for their leadership . ”
He added that he “ could n’t have done it ” without Lincoln .
Toshiba is reportedly developing a tablet with two 7 - inch displays , which folds like a book .
That would make it the latest in a long line of companies - both big names and start - ups - who have toyed with these dual - display devices .
The concept makes some sense .
A design with two displays maximizes the screen real estate while keeping the size down .
You can mix - and - match different display technologies and operating systems to serve different applications in a single device .
And the success of touchscreen smartphones , and more recently the Apple iPad , demonstrates that many users are willing to forgo a physical keyboard .
But so far the dual - display has been DOA .
Asus , HTC , MSI and Sony among others have all experimented with these devices , either as full - blown tablets or e-book readers , but there 's no sign any of them are coming to your Best Buy anytime soon .
The Microsoft Courier project generated a lot of excitement , but never made it out of the incubator .
One Laptop Per Child scrapped its XO - 2 dual - screen tablet , and instead plans to release updates to its standard XO netbook .
OLPC will eventually offer a standard low - cost tablet , the XO - 3 .
Then there are the dual - display e-readers .
Start - up
Kno demonstrated its device at the D8 conference , but its unwieldy tablet , which consists of two 14 - inch displays , has puzzled reviewers .
The Entourage Edge is a hybrid device - the company calls it a " dualbook " -- with a 9.7 - inch E - Ink display on one side and a 10.1 - inch LCD tablet running Android on the other .
It 's a novel concept , but the device is much thicker than an e-book reader or tablet , and does n't really excel at either .
There is , however , one very successful device with two displays : the Nintendo DS .
( Yesterday the company announced the Nintendo 3DS , as anticipated . )
Why has the DS worked so well ?
It has great software designed specifically for the two screens , including a touchscreen , as well as the stylus and buttons .
The result is a dual - display device that is easy to use , even for young kids .
( It also helps that the DS is meant to do one thing really well . )
This sounds easy , but it is n't .
Recently I set - up a Nook , the Barnes & Noble e-reader , for a family member .
Unlike Amazon 's Kindle , the Nook has a second display , a small color LCD touchscreen , designed for a few basic tasks .
It 's a nice feature , but everyone who tried it found that the interaction between the two different displays was confusing at first .
Aside from Apple , no company has yet figured out how to deliver a great experience on a standard tablet , let alone one with two displays - sometime using different technologies and input mechanisms .
Google is still working on versions of Android and Chrome OS tailored for tablets .
And Microsoft CEO
Steve Ballmer recently admitted that the company has a lot of work to do on Windows 7 tablets to catch up with the iPad .
Developers may create apps for these platforms , but they are unlikely to spend a lot of time and money customizing them for a dual - display device unless the potential audience is really big , such as with the Nintendo DS .
Without really good software tailored to them , dual - display devices will be no match for e-readers , tablets or netbooks .
Linux rules supercomputers .
It 's vitally important to servers .
And , Linux is making gains on the desktop .
Where Linux is really going to shine in the next twelve months though is in devices : tablets , smartphones , and TVs .
For example , more than a dozen Apple iPad - like tablets made their first appearance at the Computex computer show in Taipei , Taiwan .
The vast majority of these devices run Android Linux or other embedded Linuxes such as the latest MeeGo embedded Linux .
I have every expectation that Apple 's iPad is going to stay on top .
It 's a great design , and , except for its failure to support Flash thanks to Apple 's fight with Adobe , it works well .
But , iPads are expensive and they do n't support Flash .
That gives the coming flood of low - priced Linux - powered tablets more than enough room to win in the market .
Moving on , look at smartphones .
ABI Research senior analyst Victoria Fodale predicts that Linux - enabled smartphones , with Google 's Android leading the way , will make up 33 % of the worldwide smartphone market by 2015 .
In terms of growth , the Linux smartphone is going to beat everyone else .
It makes sense to me .
IPhones are great , but again , they 're not cheap .
And , as Fodale is reported to have said , " Due to its low cost and ability to be easily modified , Linux in the mobile market today is nearly as disruptive as Linux was in server markets a decade ago . "
Symbian , open - sourced or not , seems to be on a permanent decline .
As for television and other entertainment devices , most of the major chip makers , with the noticeable exception of Intel , but including IBM , Samsung Electronics and Texas Instruments have just announced Linaro .
This is a new software - engineering , non-profit foundation aimed at helping Linux distribution developers from the Android , MeeGo and Ubuntu worlds work on consumer devices such as TVs , tablets , smartphones and netbooks .
which use the ARM processor .
The big news here is that by trying to unify ARM Linux development efforts , Linaro promises to make it easier for everyone who wants to manufacture devices that can make use of the processor powerful , but low - powered ARM chipset .
I 've long predicted that ARM would eventually do extremely well in low - cost , long battery life devices .
The problem has been co-coordinating all the different software and hardware efforts to achieve that end .
With luck , Linaro will overcome this problem .
Taken all - in- all , it seems clear to me that we 're going to see major growth in the use of Linux in consumer devices .
It 's just makes sense , and , as I 've pointed out elsewhere , it 's devices and not PCs , that are really where the computing world is heading now .
And , in this brave new world , Linux will be leading the way .
This story , " Linux Makes New Home on TVs , Smartphones , Tablets " was originally published by Computerworld .
The haunting mystery of Britain 's headless Romans may have been solved at last , thanks to scars from a lion 's bite and hammer marks on decapitated skulls .
The results of forensic work , announced today , on more than 80 skeletons of well - built young men , gradually exhumed from the gardens of a York terrace over a decade , suggests that the world 's best - preserved gladiator graveyard has been found .
Many of the 1,800 - year - old remains indicate much stronger muscles in the right arm , a condition noted by Roman writers in slaves trained from their teens to fight in the arena .
Advanced mineral testing of tooth enamel also links the men to a wide variety of Roman provinces , including North Africa , which was another a feature of gladiator recruitment .
The conclusions are consistent with York 's importance in the Roman world as a provincial capital and major military base for years of campaigning north of Hadrian 's Wall .
Many senior generals and politicians held posts in the city and Constantine appointed himself emperor there in 306AD .
Such distinguished residents would have required a high standard of social life , according to the York Archaeological Trust , which has supervised the excavations in Driffield Terrace .
Field officer Kurt Hunter - Mann said the accumulation of evidence now pointed to a gladiator graveyard rather than to a military suppression of aristocratic rebels by Caracalla , another emperor who visited York , as suggested by earlier theories .
Signs of respect accorded to the remains , including piles of grave goods for use in the afterlife , had appeared to support the earlier notion .
The initial finds of some 60 skeletons also turned up evidence suggesting lavish funeral feasts , with beef , pork and horsemeat on the menu .
But accounts of gladiator burials make it clear that similar pomp accompanied the rites for many long - serving gladiators , who were comparable to modern football stars apart from their often bloody end .
Decapitation was a regular conclusion to bouts and the coup - de - grace often came with a hammer blow to the head .
Other theories about the grave have included a pagan rite involving decapitation , or a pogrom against a minority group such as Christians , but evidence for either is lacking .
Gladiators were brought into the debate in earnest three years ago , when the discovery of burials of arena combatants at Ephesus in Turkey revealed a similar combination of hammer blows to the skull and decapitation as at York .
The animal bite has also tilted the balance of the evidence , after a further 23 skeletons were found during excavation for a resident 's patio .
Hunter - Mann said : " It is one of the most significant items of the evidence accumulated .
A large carnivore bite – probably a lion 's but possibly from a tiger or bear – must have been sustained in an arena .
The great majority of the skeletons are also male , very robust and mostly average height , which is telling along with the arm muscle asymmetry . "
York appears to have held major arena events until as late as the fourth century AD , avoiding the decline into the spectacle known as Venatio , or the hunt , which saw cash - starved provincial governors provide deer and even rabbits in place of the exotic beasts associated with gladiator spectaculars .
Dr Michael Wysocki , senior lecturer in forensic anthropology and archaeology at the University of Central Lancashire , who has carried out recent tests , said : " We do n't have any other potential gladiator cemeteries with this level of preservation anywhere else in the world .
It is a unique Roman burial assemblage .
Anthropologically speaking , the material is particularly significant because it includes such a broad spectrum of healed and unhealed injuries associated with violence .
" Nothing like the bite marks has ever been identified before on a Roman skeleton .
It would seem highly unlikely that this individual was attacked by a lion or tiger as he was walking home from the pub in York 2,000 years ago . "
Work is continuing on the remains and at the dig , which will be featured in a Channel 4 documentary , Gladiators : Back From The Dead next Monday ( 14 June ) .
The discoveries add to the formidable Roman reputation of York , which has the remains of walls , tombs and a large civil settlement , plus a ghostly cohort of soldiers whose tramp through the cellars of the Treasurer 's House by York Minster is the subject of centuries of claimed sightings .
( Updates Datteln entry )
March 17 ( Reuters ) -
The following list shows the status of new coal - fired power plant projects in Germany , which are the focus of environmentalists ' campaigning against climate - harming carbon emissions from the coal - to - power generation process .
Plants in the locations listed in alphabetical order have attracted opposition on environmental grounds , or because local people fear the impact on landscapes and tourism .
A separate listing of known German coal and gas plant projects can be seen by clicking on [ ID : nLDE627103 ] .
Latest updates are marked ***
BERLIN
Vattenfall Europe [ VATN.UL ] will replace a heat plant with gas and biomass feedstock rather than hard coal .
BRUNSBUETTEL
Plans by GDF Suez GSZ .
PA to build a plant criticised .
DATTELN ***
Germany 's federal administrative court decided in favour of a regional court ruling in September against construction of the half completed 1,050 MW project against which E.ON had appealed .
E.ON says it stays hopeful to start the plant in 2011 as the state government is changing planning laws to accommodate it .
DOERPEN
EnBW EBKG.DE and Switzerland 's BKW BKWN.S abandoned a plan for a coal plant , saying local buyers referred gas .
DUESSELDORF
The city utility has put off plans for a new 400 MW coal block at Lausward and is exploring alternatives including gas .
EMDEN
Denmark's Dong [ DONG.UL ] last October gave up a plan for a coal plant at Emden but since says it favours gas plants .
HAMBURG -MOORBURG
Vattenfall Europe tries to ease tough environmental conditions for a plant project .
[ ID :nLL82579 ] CEO Tuomo Hatakka says talks with the city government are developing fruitfully .
HUERTH
RWE RWEG .DE has put off plans for its first commercial size ( 450 MW ) plant project using carbon capture and storage .
KIEL
Plans for a project to replace an existing nearly 40 - year old coal block were shelved by the city and partner E.ON .
KREFELD
Utility network Trianel , which is building a 750 MW coal plant at Luenen , got approval for another one at Krefeld in Jan. and aims to start building in the fourth quarter .
LUBMIN
Dong has pulled out of plans for a 1,600 MW plant in Lubmin on the Baltic Sea for 2012 , citing lack of political support .
[ ID : nDKT004778 ]
The project firm is looking for new investors .
MAINZ -WIESBADEN
The ruling local coalition has shelved for good a plan for a new 800 MW hard - coal fired plant on the banks of the Rhine .
MANNHEIM
Utility MVV MVVGn.DE and its power plant unit GKM have permissions for a coal unit for start up in 2013 .
Executives have dismissed complaints by environmental groups .
STADE
Dow Deutschland and EnBW abandoned a plan to build a plant at the Dow site in North Germany .
Separately , GDF Suez GSZ .
PA and E.ON are each still pursuing projects of their own there .
STAUDINGER 6
The Justice Department filed a lawsuit on Tuesday against Arizona to challenge a new state law intended to combat illegal immigration , arguing that it would undermine the federal government ’s pursuit of terrorists , gang members and other criminal immigrants .
The suit , filed in federal court in Phoenix , had been expected since mid-June , when Obama administration officials first disclosed they would contest the Arizona law , adding to several other suits seeking to have courts strike it down .
The federal government added its weight to the core argument in those suits , which contend that the Arizona law usurps powers to control immigration reserved for federal authorities .
The main suit was brought by the American Civil Liberties Union , the Mexican American Legal Defense and Educational Fund and other civil rights groups .
The Justice Department argues the law would divert federal and local law enforcement officers by making them focus on people who may not have committed crimes , and by causing the “ detention and harassment of authorized visitors , immigrants and citizens . ”
If there was one thing Finbarr O’Reilly sought to emphasize when he began reporting on white poverty in South Africa , it was that color should n’t have a voice in the conversation .
“ It does n’t really matter what color it is , ” said Mr. O’Reilly , a 39 - year - old Canadian photographer for Reuters whose touching 2005 photo of a Niger mother and child was named World Press Photo of the Year .
“ It ’s an issue that really is quite urgent right now in South Africa . ”
The story has rarely been told .
But it has been on his radar since a 1994 backpacking trip through Africa , when he noticed a number of poor white South Africans begging for change at traffic lights .
“ I started asking around and saying , ‘ What ’s going on here ? ’ ” Mr. O’Reilly said over the phone from Dakar , Senegal , where he ’s based .
“ It ’s not a new phenomenon , but the numbers seem to be more apparent than they were in the past . ”
Many people react with surprise when they hear the numbers associated with the poor white population .
Mr. O’Reilly said there are nearly half a million white South Africans living below the poverty line , and at least 80 squatter settlements near the capital city , Pretoria .
“ The common perception is that white South Africans enjoy lives of privilege and relative wealth , ” Mr. O’Reilly said .
He spent a week in March photographing the mostly - Afrikaner population in Coronation Park , a squatter community of about 400 in Krugersdorp , northwest of Johannesburg .
On the surface , Coronation Park is quaint , with the aura of a verdant holiday resort .
On weekends , wealthy Afrikaners picnic there .
But a closer look , like the one evoked through Mr. O’Reilly ’s reportage , reveals scattered garbage , stray animals and children in bare feet .
Small generators and open fires stand in for electricity .
Alcoholism and violence abound .
Mr. O’Reilly ’s goal is to refute the kinds of stereotypes typically associated with African imagery ; to show not only another side of poverty , but the resilience of those who live it .
Finbarr O’Reilly / Reuters
The residents of Coronation Park were at first skeptical when Mr. O’Reilly approached them .
In the past , he said , the local press had depicted them very negatively .
“ I was less interested in what they were saying than why they were saying it , ” Mr. O’Reilly said .
“ All of it was aimed at not coming into a place like that with any preconceived judgment , and to try and portray the people for how they are in a dignified way . ”
He spent a week in the community and ultimately gained the residents ’ trust .
Inside their homes — many of which are one - room shanties — Mr. O’Reilly found poignant vestiges of formerly - middle - class lives : religious icons , wall hangings , wooden spoons and Afrikaner lace doilies .
“ It was little bits and pieces of former lives that no longer were , ” he said .
“ All these individual items added up to trying to recreate in this new environment the comfortable existence that they would have had before . ”
The series from Coronation Park is being shown in an Italian exhibition called “ After A . ”
In his wider look at poverty among white South Africans , Mr. O’Reilly said , it is just the beginning .
National broadband provider Internode this afternoon stated that — unlike Telstra , Optus and Primus — it would not voluntarily filter its customers ’ internet for websites that are known to contain child pornography and child abuse material , while iiNet said it would wait to see the detail in the proposal and VHA is awaiting a code for the mobile industry .
On Friday Communications Minister Stephen Conroy revealed the three ISPs — some of the largest in Australia — would cooperate with his request to voluntarily block the material online while the Government ’s mandatory internet filtering policy was finalised .
The list to be used will be compiled and maintained by the Australian Communications and Media Authority .
But this morning Internode general manager of Regulatory & Corporate Affairs John Lindsay said the ISP would not comply and that ACMA ’s blacklist had been thoroughly discredited .
“ It covers a tiny proportion of the content that would need to be blocked for it to be effective and has already been shown to contain URLs of legal content that Australians would expect to access , ” he said in a statement .
“ Internode reminds parents that they will always need to use supervision and that they should activate the filtering tools provided with their computer operating system to protect their children online .
There are also numerous tools sold by companies like Symantec and F - Secure that can provide fine - grained filtering that is age - appropriate . ”
iiNet chief executive Michael Malone ( pictured ) said his company would wait to see the detail of the proposal .
“ I am a long time supporter of opt - in , or even opt - out , ” he said by email .
“ Still not keen on a blanket mandatory filter though .
On the plus side , I ’m very happy to see the scope limited to child porn ( for now ) , and to see notice to website owners , an appeals process , and regular review . ”
A spokesperson for mobile broadband player VHA — which operates the Vodafone and 3 brands in Australia — said the company wholly supported the development of the Internet Industry Association ’s ISP code , which it said would guide the mobile industry in the blocking of unlawful content .
It is believed the broadband provider wo n’t immediately follow the lead of Telstra , Optus and Primus .
Other broadband providers such as Adam Internet and Exetel have not yet responded to a request for comment on whether they will comply with Conroy ’s request .
The news on Friday came as part of a wider announcement where Conroy revealed the filter project would be delayed for a year while a review was carried out by federal and state governments into the Refused Classification category of content which it will filter .
In addition , a number of other measures aimed at enhancing the project ’s transparency and accountability were added to the project .
Image credit : iiNet
These days the vast majority of my photos are taken with my camera phone , but it ’s nice to know that I can still use my fancy DSLR camera with my Linux computers when I want to .
Connecting my camera to a Linux box is no issue — it ’s this pesky Camera RAW file format that I ’ve been worrying about .
But once again , Linux has you covered .
There are at least two highly - regarded apps for handling RAW files , Rawstudio and UFraw .
Rawstudio
Here ’s Rawstudio running on my Linux Mint 8 - powered rig .
I prefer it over UFraw because it has support for batch - converting RAW files to JPG ( or whatever ) built - in .
Rawstudio seems to have been designed with workflow in mind — while there are n’t so many options to tweak individual photos there are three separate presets which you can conform your digital negatives to .
And critically , editing any particular photo in the GIMP is just a click away .
The exposure settings and other tweaks are saved by Rawstudio in a hidden folder inside your image directory .
UFraw
Here ’s UFraw running on my Eee PC (!)
It also supports batch - processing RAW files , albeit in a slightly different way .
UFraw now comes bundled with an image viewer called Geeqie — or Geeqie comes bundled with UFraw …
Anyway , you load up an image directory in Geeqie and from there you can batch - convert to JPG using UFraw .
Note that this is only an available option in the latest Ubuntu repositories ; for Mint 8 I could only find the original ( and since abandoned ) GQView .
Instead of storing the colour settings and such for individual photos separately , UFraw saves another copy of the image altogether in the .
PPM file format .
This is another reason why I prefer Rawstudio , as it ’s what I ’m used to from years of using Photoshop on proprietary OSes .
But backing up a hidden folder might represent an extra step that UFraw users would n’t care for , so the choice is yours .
The important thing is that Camera RAW files are fully supported by Linux .
For really high - level tweaking you ’ll probably want to calibrate your monitor — but that ’s a discussion for another day …
Are you in the market for a new pair of designer sunglasses this summer ?
It 's the season for it , and you can spend hundreds of dollars on your next pair of shades .
Some Prada and Bulgari pairs will run you nearly $ 500 , and that 's if you do n't need prescription lenses .
Even more moderate design labels like Ray - Ban or REVO can cost a couple of hundred bucks .
Designer ...
AUSTRALIAN university student Ahmed Luqman Talib was allegedly left to bleed for 12 hours after being shot in the thigh by Israeli commandos during their raid on a Turkish aid flotilla near Gaza on Monday .
The 20 - year - old , who suffered severe blood loss , was last night in intensive care in an Istanbul hospital .
He was evacuated by air ambulance from Israel to Turkey , but Israel refused to hand over his medical records .
His father , Luqman Talib , who rushed from Kuwait to his son's bedside , said he and Australian consular officials had repeatedly requested the medical documents , and the lack of information about surgery performed in Israel was now complicating his son's treatment .
'' Ahmed was left to bleed for over 12 hours before medical treatment was availed to him , '' Mr Talib told The Age .
Washington ( CNN ) --
A suspect in an alleged Russian spy ring was arrested Tuesday in Cyprus a day after 10 other suspects in the case were arrested in the United States .
Robert Christopher Metsos was arrested at Larnaca airport in Cyprus after an Interpol " red notice " was served on him for suspected espionage and money laundering , Cypriot police told CNN .
Authorities in Washington were being notified so extradition proceedings can begin , police said .
Metsos , 55 , is free after paying 20,000 euros ( about $ 24,000 ) in cash as bail , but he is not allowed to leave the country , police said .
Metsos received money from a Russian agent and buried it in a park in northern Virginia , according to a court document .
Two other suspects later showed up at the park to dig up the money , the document said .
The Justice Department announced Monday that 10 people were arrested on charges of being Russian agents involved in a long - term mission in the country .
Five of the arrested suspects appeared in a New York courtroom Monday .
Four of the five , including a longtime U.S. - based columnist for the Spanish - language El Diario newspaper , were advised of their rights and ordered held due to flight risk , with their next hearing scheduled for July 1 .
The other defendant , identified in a court document as Anna Chapman , was denied bail , and her next hearing was scheduled for July 27 .
The Russian Foreign Ministry said in a statement the arrests are " unfounded and have unseemly goals . "
" We do not understand the reasons why the U.S. Department of Justice has made a public statement in the spirit of the Cold War , " said the statement , posted on the ministry 's website .
" Such incidents have occurred in the past , when our relations were on the rise .
In any case it is regrettable that all these things are happening on the background of the ' reset ' in Russian - U.S. relations announced by the U.S. administration . "
Asked about the incident Tuesday in an appearance with Israeli Foreign Minister Avigdor Lieberman in Jerusalem , Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov said , " We still have not received an explanation .
... I am hopeful we will get an explanation . "
He said the timing of the announcement was significant but did not elaborate .
Asked about the matter again following the news conference with Lieberman , Lavrov said , " I have already said everything . "
Assistant U.S. Attorney Michael Farbiarz said search warrants in the case were being executed " across the country . "
He called the initial criminal complaint " the tip of the iceberg . "
" These people are trained together , " Farbiarz said of the defendants .
" At the core of this is deception . "
Separate hearings for the other detained suspects were expected later Monday in other states .
A Russian Embassy spokesman said Monday that he was unaware of the reports of the arrests , and said he was seeking more information from Russian officials .
The suspects were " trained Russian intelligence operatives , " a Justice Department spokesman said , and information from court documents alleged they were part of a mission to plant " deep - cover " agents in the United States .
The Justice Department said the 10 people arrested and another person not yet in custody were supposed to recruit intelligence agents , but were not directly involved in obtaining U.S. secrets themselves .
All were charged with acting as agents of a foreign government , and nine also were charged with conspiracy to commit money laundering .
The charges include conspiracy to act as an agent of a foreign government without notifying the U.S. attorney general , a crime that carries a maximum penalty of five years in prison , the Justice Department said .
Conspiracy to commit money laundering has a maximum penalty of 20 years in prison .
The case resulted from a " multiyear investigation " conducted by the FBI , the U.S. Attorney 's Office for the Southern District of New York and the Justice Department 's National Security Division , according to a Justice Department statement .
The 11 suspects were charged in two separate criminal complaints .
Last week , President Barack Obama and Russian President Dmitry Medvedev spoke of strengthened ties between the former Cold War foes after their meeting at the White House .
However , court documents and Justice Department officials described a Russian intelligence operation straight out of a 1950s spy novel .
According to the court documents , some of the suspects adopted phony identities , including those of dead Americans , and posed as married couples .
The suspects engaged in secret communications including exchanges of bags , money drops and use of invisible ink , as well as more modern touches such as private wireless computer networks between specific laptops , the documents said .
A decrypted message from Moscow to two of the suspects said they were sent to the United States for " long - term service , " one of the documents said .
" Your education , bank accounts , car , house , etc. -- all these serve one goal : fulfill your main mission , i.e , to search and develop ties in policymaking circles in U.S. and send intels ( intelligence reports ) , " the document said .
The Russian operation was believed to date back to the 1990s , the court document said .
It added that the FBI conducted extensive electronic surveillance of the suspects for years , including secretly recording and videotaping them and surreptitiously entering residences to take photographs and copy documents .
One of the suspects is Vicky Pelaez , a columnist for " El Diario " for more than 20 years covering politics , immigration and other issues , her lawyer confirmed .
Pelaez is married to Juan Lazaro , another of the suspects arrested Monday , and the couple resided in Yonkers , a New York suburb .
Pelaez , Lazaro , Chapman and two other suspects -- identified as Richard Murphy and Cynthia Murphy -- appeared in the New York courtroom .
The other suspects were identified in court documents as Donald Howard Heathfield , Tracey Lee Ann Foley , Michael Zottoli , Patricia Mills and Mikhail Semenko .
Another suspect , Christopher R. Metsos , was still being sought .
Semenko and Chapman allegedly conducted the private wireless computer links to communicate with a Russian government official , one court document alleged .
In one instance , Chapman was in a bookshop and the Russian government official drove by in a van to make the wireless connection , the document said .
Another document described alleged efforts to secretly get money to the suspects to fund their clandestine activities , including money drops involving exchanged bags in public places and other subterfuge .
In one incident , Metsos , the suspect still at large , received money from a Russian agent and buried it in a park in northern Virginia , the document said .
Mills and Zottoli later showed up at the park to dig up the money , the document said .
CNN 's Jill Dougherty , Carol Jordan , Michael Schwartz and Arkady Irshenko contributed to this report .
During his testimony before the House Budget Committee , when asked about the recent move in the price of gold to a fresh all time high , the Princetonian , who usually has an answer for everything , was stumped : " the signal that gold is sending is in some ways very different from what other asset prices are sending " he said , adding that " the spread between nominal and inflation - indexed bonds , the break even , remains quite low , suggesting that markets expect about 2 percent inflation over the next 10 years . "
The fact that TIPS are linked to the most manipulated indicator in the government 's arsenal the CPI , was not mentioned .
But back to gold , Ben Shalom concluded " gold is out there doing something different from the rest of the commodity group . "
Yes , Ben - it is indicating that your policy of endless fiat dilution is about to come to a forced end .
But do n't take our word for us .
Here is a report from Credit Suisse which explains not only why the firm sees gold rising promptly to $ 1,360 but possibly going much higher - and this is from a bank whose very existence is contingent on gold prices staying sufficiently low for some marginal credibility in fiat to still remain .
Here is what CS has to say about gold :
We on the global strategy team remain overweight of gold ( last October we forecast a $ 1,200 gold price ) – and see the risk that the gold price could rise another 10 % to 20 % .
We acknowledge that our view on gold is more positive than the house view ( now under review ) – and that there are short - term downside risks ( most importantly , a pull - back in worries about sovereign debt ) .
However , we believe the following factors are supportive of the gold price :
The macro environment : gold tends to do well when the real Fed Funds rate is below 2 % , as it is now .
We expect that the inflation - adjusted Fed Funds rate will remain below 2 % for at least the next three years ( the 10 - year inflation swap is 2.5 % , while the end - 2011 Fed Funds future is 1.2 % , implying a real Fed Funds rate of negative 1.3 % ) .
The Fed normally does not raise rates until 19 months after the peak in unemployment , which would imply March 2011 , and this time around there are plenty of reasons why tightening could be postponed further ( the output gap is - 5 % , bank credit is contracting at 2 % yoy and net fiscal tightening is nearly 2.6 % of GDP next year ) ;
We see a 80 % chance that the macro environment will be supportive for gold .
There are , we think , five possible macro scenarios , in three of which gold is likely to do well : i ) a renewal of QE , either as a response to a sovereign credit crisis or a double dip ( 35 % chance ) ; ii ) an economic recovery during which central banks keep policy abnormally loose ( 40 % ) ; iii ) a major sovereign default , outside of Greece ( 5 % ) .
The scenarios which would be bad for gold have , we believe , a lower aggregate probability : ( iv ) a normal recovery with the normal amount of monetary tightening ( 15 % chance ) ; ( v ) renewed deflation with no renewal of QE ( 5 % ) .
If there were a double dip , we feel that QE would be renewed more quickly than fiscal policy would be eased .
After all , the US / UK have done QE , the ECB is half way there and the BOJ thinks of itself as doing QE at the moment .
A low proportion of FX reserves is in gold .
Just 1.6 % and 2.5 % of China and Japan ’s reserves are in gold , compared to 70 % and 66 % for the US and Germany .
If the PBoC and BoJ were to put 10 % of their reserves in gold , the increase in demand for gold would be 3.5 x annual mine production .
Shortage of a reserve currency .
There are no safe big - cap currencies : the Yen has been strong , but the BOJ is engaged in QE ; the US is still running a current account deficit , has c1.5$ trn of excess consumer leverage and a primary budget deficit of 7.5 % ; and ECB will , we believe , embark on QE .
The only currencies that look relatively safe tend to be either commodity plays ( and hence too cyclical ) or in NJA ( and hence do not represent diversification for the PBoC ) .
Low aggregate weightings in gold .
Global ETFs may have seen strong inflows , but still represent just 0.7 % of global funds under management .
The real gold price is still 34 % off its all time high and the behaviour of gold is not yet typical of a bubble .
Credit Suisse gold analyst Dr David Davis believes that the cost of producing gold will be $ 1,400 by 2015 , but the future market price is only $ 1,360 .
[ uhm , that makes sense ]
Gold stocks still look relatively cheap .
We continue to recommend clients buy the cheap gold stocks ( Newmont Mining ) .
Full report with numerous pretty charts here .
A new PBS documentary concludes that Andy Warhol and five other artists contributed sketches that were miniaturized and put on a postage - stamp - sized chip smuggled aboard Apollo 12 .
Advertisement
According to USA Today :
" For us , at the time , the moon landing was the most exciting thing that ever happened .
The artists just wanted to be part of it , " says Myers , one of the six artists , including Warhol , Claes Oldenburg , Robert Rauschenberg , David Novros and John Chamberlain , who made sketches .
Representatives of Oldenburg and Chamberlain confirmed to USA TODAY that the artists had contributed to the effort .
During the 1960s , Myers was one of hundreds of New York artists working with Bell Labs engineers on the " Experiments in Arts and Technology " program .
Wright traces for PBS how the artists ' sketches were shrunk onto rectangular half - inch - by - three - quarter - inch ceramic chips by two Bell Labs engineers , now deceased .
Advertisement
The article does n't mention which sketch is by which artist - and just what that slightly obscene - looking doodle in the upper left - hand corner is supposed to be - but maybe the PBS History Detectives episode , airing June 21 , will clear that up .
" The Moon Museum " will be on view at the Tampa Museum of Art from June 18 - August 1 , 2010 .
G/O Media may get a commission Subscribe and Get Your First Bag Free Promo Code AtlasCoffeeDay20
Image by Jade Dellinger
WASHINGTON ( AP ) — A House investigative committee on Thursday charged New York Rep. Charles Rangel with multiple ethics violations , a blow to the former Ways and Means chairman and an election - year headache for Democrats .
The committee did not immediately specify the charges against the Democrat , who has served in the House for some 40 years and is fourth in House seniority .
The announcement by a four - member panel of the House ethics committee sends the case to a House trial , where a separate eight - member panel of Republicans and Democrats will decide whether the violations can be proved by clear and convincing evidence .
The timing of the announcement ensures that it will stretch into the fall campaign , and Republicans are certain to make it an issue as they try to capture majority control of the House .
Speaker Nancy Pelosi had once promised to “ drain the swamp ” of ethical misdeeds by lawmakers in arguing that Democrats should be in charge .
Rangel led the tax - writing Ways and Means panel until he stepped aside last March after the ethics committee criticized him in a separate case — finding that he should have known corporate money was paying for his trips to two Caribbean conferences .
Officials said that in the current case , the committee and Rangel ’s attorney tried unsuccessfully to negotiate a settlement .
The sources spoke on condition of anonymity to discuss private discussions .
A settlement would have required Rangel to agree that he violated ethics rules .
The investigation of Rangel has focused on :
— His use of official stationery to raise money for the Charles B. Rangel Center for Public Service at City College of New York .
— Whether he had the Ways and Means Committee consider legislation that would benefit donors to the Rangel Center at the same time the congressman solicited donations or pledges .
— Preserved a tax shelter for an oil drilling company , Nabors Industries , which has a chief executive who donated money to the center while Rangel ’s committee considered the loophole legislation .
— Used four rent - controlled apartment units in New York City , when the city ’s rent stabilization program is supposed to apply to one ’s primary residence .
This raises the question of how all the units could be primary residences .
One was a campaign office , raising the separate question of whether the rent break was an improper gift .
— Whether Rangel , as required , publicly reported information on the financing and rental of his ownership interest in a unit within the Punta Cana Yacht Club in Punta Cana , Dominican Republic .
Rangel also had to pay back taxes on the rental income .
— Intentionally failed to report — when required — hundreds of thousands of dollars or more in assets .
The amended disclosure reports added a credit union IRA , mutual fund accounts and stock .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
All for the Love of a Dog – A Rescue Story in Pictures
When you turn on your TV to watch the news it is bad .
When you open your morning newspaper the news is bad .
Our world is troubled , but from time to time you run across a story that will warm your heart .
This is one of those stories .
I want to thank David Williams for sending me this .
It made my day and I hope it makes yours .
Enjoy ….
Follow MadMike ’sAmerica on Facebook and Twitter , and do n’t forget to visit our HOME PAGE .
If you liked our story please share it at REDDIT .COM and PINTEREST as well as TUMBLR .
Summary
This article explains how to redirect the output of command line tools to the Windows Vista Clipboard .
Redirecting the console output to Clipboard
Windows Vista ships with Clip.exe , a console tool that can be used to redirect the console output directly to the Windows Clipboard .
To get more information about this utility , open a Command Prompt window and type :
Clip /?
Press {ENTER}
CLIP
Description :
Redirects output of command line tools to the Windows clipboard .
This text output can then be pasted into other programs .
Parameter List :
/? Displays this help message .
Examples :
DIR | CLIP Places a copy of the current directory listing into the Windows clipboard .
CLIP < README.TXT
Places a copy of the text from readme. txt on to the Windows clipboard .
For example , to generate the System information and copy the output directly to the clipboard , type the following :
Systeminfo | Clip
The pipe ( | ) operator reads the output from one command and writes it to the input of another command .
Open a Notepad window and press CTRL+V to paste the System information data from the clipboard .
Wormhole news , stories and updates from an experienced wormhole - dweller .
Editor 's note : Blizzard Entertainment has announced the release date for StarCraft 's sequel .
StarCraft II : Wings of Liberty will be available come July 27 .
SEOUL , South Korea — Koh Seok - hyun walks on stage wearing a red and white race - car uniform .
He sits under glimmering orange lights , and contemplates the strategy he ’s been preparing for weeks .
Training has been rigorous : he ’s dissected his rival ’s style and calculated his own moves down to the second .
He plans to finish in 2 minutes and 13 seconds , with no room for error .
The 22 - year - old wipes sweat from his brow .
The announcer calls it on and Koh 's fingers whiz across the computer keyboard .
Quickly , he sends six skimpy zerglings ( killer alien bugs ) to crush his adversary .
As he had hoped , his opponent built a sluggish defense .
Game over in 3 minutes , 16 seconds — a bit later than he had hoped but not a poor showing .
Koh leaps from his seat , and high fives his teammates .
Outside , he is greeted by a crowd of squealing female fans .
In a country where StarCraft has become a national sport , Koh and his teammates live like rock stars .
The pastime , a military science - fiction video game , has become a sort of baseball for South Korea .
Competitions like this one in Seoul earlier this month , are broadcast across the country and thousands of gamers each year try to become professionals .
The best players are celebrities said to make as much as $ 300,000 a year .
Tabloid magazines drool over paparazzi photographs of the more glamorous gamers dating well - known models and actresses .
But the life of stardom is a hard one , says Koh .
That ’s because the road to becoming a professional gamer is rocky , part of a cutthroat competition that prompted Koh to dedicate his life to StarCraft in high school .
Every year , about 6,000 South Korean players try to become professionals by entering monthly tournaments ; after a few stages of elimination , 50 or so are drafted by professional teams each year .
“ I could n’t win the semi- finals several times , ” Koh said .
“ So the last time , I let out all of my anxiety and stopped caring .
Then I was drafted . ”
Koh ’s coach , Ha Tae - kee of a team called MBC , explains how gamers are picked .
“ I look for players with mental strength instead of only the best ranking , ” he said .
“ Once we reach the top players , the difference between rank one and rank 50 is not a large gap . ”
The gamers will need a lot of that mental stamina , he says , because being drafted is hardly the final step to making it as a pro .
After Koh joined the team in 2006 , he and four other players were still not allowed to compete on television .
Rather , they trained in isolation for eight hours a day for one year .
Three of those players dropped out before joining the regular matches .
But as a mafia - style scandal sweeps across the professional StarCraft league , many are questioning whether some players have taken the game too far .
Last month , authorities charged 16 people with illegal betting and match rigging in a debacle that has touched some of the most revered players on the peninsula .
Police alleged that three brokers from an illegal gambling ring had since the mid-2000s offered players between $ 2,000 and $ 6,000 to purposely lose matches .
South Korean law prohibits the police from releasing the full names of those implicated .
But of the 11 players charged , at least two have been forced to retire and another five have apologized publicly .
“ I can only say that I will do my best to reflect on my actions and to be discharged as a better , more rational person , ” one charged player , Moon Sung - jin , wrote on his online profile on CyWorld , a South Korean social networking website .
“ I am truly sorry once again . ”
Some Korean commentators have been comparing the incident to the 1919 Chicago White Sox Scandal , when eight team members were banned for life from playing professional baseball — after they purposely lost the 1919 World Series in exchange for bribes from gamblers .
That ’s a testament to how central StarCraft has become to sports in South Korea .
In recent months , other aspects of the pro-gaming circuit have come under fire .
At an industry conference last month , one StarCraft newspaper columnist criticized low living standards in “ StarCraft academies , ” or dormitories where amateur players practice for entire days to become professionals .
In April , the government responded to the growing problem of video game addiction by ordering a national night - time curfew for gamers .
Starting in September , players under 18 will be disconnected from their games from midnight until 8 a.m.
( Existing laws already bar teenagers from visiting internet cafes , or “ PC Bangs ” in Korean , at night time . )
Lawmakers approved the stratagem right after a bizarre gaming - related death in March : police discovered that a 3 - month - old infant had starved because her parents were too busy raising a fake baby on a computer game in an internet cafe .
Still , that step has put some in the industry on edge — especially for a massive domestic market valued at $ 2.4 billion in which 30 million people ( mainly teenagers ) are thought to play regularly .
" Korea is popular for its gaming industry , ” said Koh Byung - hun , head of the Korea Game Development Association , a trade association based in Seoul .
“ This kind of regulation is contrary to what the government says it wants for the industry . ”
With slews of problems arising , lawmakers might be bracing themselves for a second round of embattlement later this year : the release of StarCraft II , though no official date has been set .
In April , the Korean game rating board gave the sequel an “ adults only ” rating , a stamp of violence that the United States - based creator of StarCraft , Blizzard , immediately appealed .
“ By revising some parts pointed out by the board , we … finally received a 12 + rating , ” said Yoon Ji-yoon , a Seoul - based spokesperson for Blizzard .
StarCraft II is mostly safe from government hands — for now .
The Korean e-Sports Players Association ( KeSPA ) , a governing body for video game sports , was fervent about not discussing their plans for StarCraft II with GlobalPost .
And with lots of money and matches on the line , industry insiders appear to be taking the sequel as seriously as its predecessor .
Oil spills can increase levels of toxic arsenic in the ocean , creating an additional long - term threat to the marine ecosystem , according to research published July 2 in the journal Water Research .
Arsenic is a poisonous chemical element found in minerals and it is present in oil .
High levels of arsenic in seawater can enable the toxin to enter the food chain .
It can disrupt the photosynthesis process in marine plants and increase the chances of genetic alterations that can cause birth defects and behavioural changes in aquatic life .
It can also kill animals such as birds that feed on sea creatures affected by arsenic .
In the study , a team from Imperial College London has discovered that oil spills can partially block the ocean 's natural filtration system and prevent this from cleaning arsenic out of the seawater .
The researchers say their study sheds light on a new toxic threat from the Gulf of Mexico oil leak .
Arsenic occurs naturally in the ocean , but sediments on the sea floor filter it out of seawater , which keeps the levels of naturally occurring arsenic low .
However , arsenic is also flushed into the ocean in wastewater from oil rigs and from accidental oil spills and leakages from underground oil reservoirs .
In the study , the researchers discovered that oil spills and leakages clog up sediments on the ocean floor with oil , which prevents the sediments from bonding with arsenic and burying it safely underground with subsequent layers of sediment .
The scientists say this shutdown of the natural filtration system causes arsenic levels in seawater to rise , which means that it can enter the marine ecosystem , where it becomes more concentrated and poisonous the further it moves up the food chain .
The scientists say their work demonstrates how the chemistry of sediments in the Gulf of Mexico may be affected by the current oil leak .
Professor Mark Sephton , from the Department of Earth Science and Engineering at Imperial College London , says :
" We can't accurately measure how much arsenic is in the Gulf at the moment because the spill is ongoing .
However , the real danger lies in arsenic 's ability to accumulate , which means that each subsequent spill raises the levels of this pollutant in seawater .
Our study is a timely reminder that oil spills could create a toxic ticking time bomb , which could threaten the fabric of the marine ecosystem in the future . "
advertisement
Wimolporn Wainipee , postgraduate and lead author of the study from the Department of Earth Science and Engineering at Imperial College London , adds :
" We carried out our study before the leak in the Gulf of Mexico occurred , but it gives us a big insight into a potential new environmental danger in the region .
Thousands of gallons of oil are leaked into the world 's oceans every year from big spills , offshore drilling and routine maintenance of rigs , which means many places may be at risk from rising arsenic levels , which could in the long run affect aquatic life , plants and the people who rely on the oceans for their livelihoods . "
For their research , the team analysed a mineral called goethite , one of the most abundant ocean sediments in the world , which is an iron bearing oxide .
The team carried out experiments in the laboratory that mimicked conditions in the ocean , to see how the goethite binds to arsenic under natural conditions .
They discovered that seawater alters the chemistry of goethite , where low pH levels in the water create a positive change on the surface of goethite sediments , making them attractive to the negatively charged arsenic .
However , the scientists discovered that when they added oil , this created a physical barrier , covering the goethite sediments , which prevented the arsenic in the oil from binding to them .
The team also found that the oil changed the chemistry of the sediments , which weakened the attraction between the goethite and arsenic .
In the future , the researchers plan to analyse other minerals such as clays and carbonates that are sediments on the ocean floor .
Sediment content varies from ocean to ocean and the researchers will analyse how oil affects their ability to bind to arsenic after a spill .
“ You do n’t always think you should call the doctor , ” Ms. Cox said .
But she has no qualms about reaching out to the nurse .
The initiative is part of an overall effort by Geisinger and other insurers to create a so - called medical home  the place where patients ’ care is carefully coordinated by a doctor and staff , with particular attention given to the chronically ill .
Geisinger began experimenting with this approach three and a half years ago and now uses it in 37 practices , most of which are part of its own network of doctors ’ offices .
But five of the doctors ’ offices , including Dr. Kilduff ’s , are independent practices that accept Geisinger as one of several insurance plans .
Under the arrangement with the outside doctors , Geisinger pays for the nurses and shares with the doctors any savings they can achieve by reducing medical expenses .
So far , Geisinger says it is pleased with the early results .
In an unpublished review of 2008 data , Geisinger experienced an 18 percent drop in hospital admissions ; overall medical expenses fell 7 percent .
Geisinger expects to publish a study on its results later this year .
The doctors involved in the Geisinger experiment say they would not hesitate to hospitalize a patient if necessary .
Part of the nurses ’ work , in fact , is to keep tabs on anyone who is admitted and make sure a treatment plan is in place when a patient is discharged .
Many other insurers are also trying new , similar ways of rewarding primary care doctors .
“ What we ’re trying to do is get doctors off the traditional fee - for - service hamster wheel , ” said Dr. Gus Manocchia , the chief medical officer for Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Rhode Island , a nonprofit insurer that started a program similar to Geisinger ’s earlier this year .
“ A lot of the Blues plans are at least thinking about this , if they have n’t started it already . ”
Image Mary Solomon reviewing Marie Jones ’s medical information in her office .
Geisinger shares with doctors any savings from helping patients avoid costly hospital stays .
Credit ... Laura Pedrick for The New York Times
WellPoint , Aetna and Cigna , which are some of the nation ’s largest for - profit insurers , are also flirting with the concept .
In one case , in Texas , a nurse whose salary is paid by Cigna discovered that a diabetic patient was missing check - ups and not filling his prescriptions because he had lost his job .
He was insured through his wife , but without his income the couple could no longer afford to pay his share of the cost of prescriptions or the co-payments for the office visit .
In various ways , over the last two weeks , Bryan Fischer of the American Family Association has advanced three theories about Hitler , the Nazi Party and homosexuals .
They are :
1. Hitler was an active homosexual .
2 . Hitler could not find straight soldiers who were savage enough to carry out his evil plans , so he recruited homosexuals to do it .
3. Homosexuals in the Nazi military led to the Holocaust .
Fischer produces several quotes from historians and students of the Nazi movement to support him .
It seems to me that he pulls these quotes right out of their context and uses them to paint an incomplete picture of history .
Hitler ’s sexuality has been examined from several different angles .
He is an enigma for sure , but you would n’t know it by listening to Fischer who called Hitler “ an active homosexual . ”
In the historical record it is clear that Hitler displayed some interest in certain women but this was glossed over by Fischer .
Even if Hitler did have a homosexual period – this is by no means proven — there was a clear shift in attitude toward homosexuals after the murder of Ernst Rohm .
It is accurate to say that Rohm and several of the SA Brownshirts were homosexual .
Hitler tolerated them until they were no longer useful and had them executed in 1934 during the Night of the Long Knive purge .
The man who led the execution of Rohm and who later had responsibility for instilling the uncompromising cruelty of the concentration camps at Dachau and later as general inspector of all camps was Theodore Eicke .
Eicke , not mentioned in Scott Lively ’s book , was married with two children ; very straight and very savage .
What follows are just a sampling of quotes which are relevant to Fischer ’s theories .
Hitler avoided contact with women , meeting with cold indifference during visits to the opera alleged attempts by young women , probably seeing him as something of an oddity , to flirt or tease him .
He was repelled by homosexuality .
He refrained from masturbation .
Prostitution horrified but fascinated him .
He associated it with venereal disease , which petrified him .
( p. 23 )
– Ian Kershaw in Hitler : A Biography ( 2008 ) .
WW Norton & Co .
“ Diels says of Hitler , “ He [ Hitler ] lectured me on the role of homosexuality in history and politics .
It had destroyed ancient Greece he said .
Once rife , it extended its contagious effects like an ineluctable law of nature to the best and most manly of characters , elimination from the reproductive process those very men on whose offspring a nation depended .
The immediate result of the vice , however , was that unnatural passion swiftly became dominant in public affairs if it were allowed to spread unchecked ” .
( p.118 ) ( Rudolf Diels was the first chief of the Gestapo )
– Frank Rector . ( 1981 ) .
The Nazi Extermination of Homosexuals .
Stein & Day Publishing .
Hitler was prudish in his abhorrence of the “ sins ” of the modern big city like prostitution , homosexuality , and even immodest dress .
He wrote of these matters as the “ political , ethical and moral contamination of the people ” and the “ poisoning of the health of the body politic . ” ( p. 336 )
– Robert Gellately ( 2007 ) .
Lenin , Stalin and Hitler : The Age of Social Catastrophe .
Random House .
In November , 1941 Hitler even signed a decree making homosexual offenses among SS members and policemen a capital offense .
Two months earlier , Hitler had explained to Goebbels the Darwinian underpinnings of his opposition to homosexuality .
After remarking that homosexuality should not be tolerated , especially in the Nazi party and the Army , Hitler continued :
The homosexual is always disposed to drive the selection of men toward the criminal or at least the sickly than the useful in the selection of men .
If one would give him free rein , the state would eventually be an organization of homosexuality , but not an organization of manly selection .
A real man would defend himself against this endeavor , because he sees it as an assassination of his own evolutionary possibilities .
( p. 131 )
— Hitler ’s Ethic : The Nazi Pursuit of Evolutionary Progress ( 2009 ) .
Richard Weikart .
Palgrave MacMillan .
There are many more such quotes and accounts which demonstrate the clear distain for homosexuality from Hitler and the Nazis .
Last week , I noted that Lothar Machtan , who Bryan Fischer quotes at length , discounted points 2 and 3 above .
For more on homosexuality and the Nazis , consult this link and this one .
The name Buzz Moschetti probably is n’t familiar to you .
Buzz was the author of the Perl 4 database for Interbase known as Interperl .
Back in those days Perl 5 was barely a twinkle in Larry ’s eye and database interfaces for Perl 4 required building a custom perl binary .
Buzz was one of the four people to get the email on September 29th 1992 from Ted Lemon that started the perldb - interest project which defined a specification that ultimately lead to the DBI .
( The other people were Kurt Andersen re informix , Kevin Stock re oraperl , and Michael Peppler re sybperl .
I joined a few days later . )
Update :
It turns out that it was actually Buzz who sent that original email , Ted just forwarded it on to others , including me .
So Buzz can be said to have started the process that led to the DBI !
I had n’t heard from Buzz for many years until he sent me an email recently .
This is his story :
Thought I ’d share a quick story with you .
Recently , I was frustrated with a development team ’s efforts in putting together some DB - oriented reconciliations .
The candidate solution was a blend of precompiled SQL in COBOL code , file dumps and ftps , programs to read files , more programs to read other DBs , etc. etc .
Not only was the process orchestration a project in its own right , the end - to - end logic required to accurately perform the reconciliation was distributed across several programs and platforms , diluting the knowledge base .
I knew a perl program using multiple DBD drivers to different DB engines could do it in a much cleaner way , but over the years my job has changed and although I still use perl regularly , I do n’t do much in the way of DBD / DBI .
To make matters worse , one of the targets was mainframe DB2 and very little work had been done here with DBD :: DB2 .
Also , the Sybperl module continues to be heavily used in addition to DBD :: Sybase , so local DBD / DBI expertise in general is thin .
I decided to get it working on my own .
The infrastructure team spun up for me a Linux virtual machine with a modern build environment on it .
This had the latest gcc compilers and a firm - approved build of perl 5.8.5 right out of the box .
It took a few days of low - priority requests to get the appropriate 32 bit Linux client - side SDKs for the DB2 and Sybase products but soon enough I had an environment set up with headers and shared libs .
I was ready to build some perl modules , something I have n’t done in years .
I went to CPAN and downloaded DBD :: DB2 , untar ’d it , and ran perl Makefile .
PL and make .
Everything worked perfectly and the whole exercise took minutes .
‘ make test ’ sets PERL_DL_NONLAZY and warned of some unused symbols not being found , but that was OK .
The rest of the tests that I expected to work with my level of permissions worked fine .
‘ make install ’ worked perfectly .
Buoyed by this success , I wrote a 4 - liner test program just to connect and fetch some data from a table I knew about .
Outside of the test environment , however , the shared libs for DB2 were not found so I cheated and relinked and reinstalled DB2. so with the - Wl , - rpath option to “ cement in ” the location of those libs so I would n’t have to fuss with LD_LIBRARY_PATH .
My test program now worked fine .
Newly comfortable with the process , I downloaded DBD :: Sybase and built and installed the module in scarcely more time than it took for the compiler to run .
In my excitement I skipped over the DBD :: Sybase 4 - liner test program and went straight to a slightly bigger script that used both modules and grabbed data from both DBs .
It quietly and quickly executed .
Total time from initial download with almost no clues to a running example : about 40 minutes .
Later , for grin ’s sake , I threw in DBD :: Oracle for good measure .
That went even faster — about 5 minutes — from CPAN download to printing “ Oracle connected ! ” because I was more familiar with the connection string syntax that is bespoke for each engine .
As I watched the program run , it made me reflect on how far we ’ve come and how easy yet sophisticated the perl module ecosystem has become .
There is no question that this multi-DBD perl program is easier to understand and support than a solution involving a set of disconnected programs , platforms , and files .
But I think it is the organization and design of the resources as a whole — DBI , DBD , CPAN , MakeMaker , pod , binary and non-binary library locations , etc. — that makes the whole environment so clear , symmetric , and easy to use with confidence .
I think back to the build environment that I used to create interperl , and the progress that has been made in terms of both breadth of module functionality and depth of framework for module build portability is simply amazing .
Perl has grown far beyond just being another language .
It has a value proposition as an able integrator of widely disparate functionality .
I exited the Perl mainstream some time ago but I am watching from the side and I applaud the work you ’ve done in this space .
Take care .
Thanks Buzz !
WASHINGTON --
The ever expanding BP oil spill , in a sense , provides Bill Gates the perfect backdrop for selling Congress and the White House on a proposal to increase annual U.S. spending on clean energy research and development from $ 5 billion to $ 16 billion .
Gates , General Electric Co. CEO Jeff Immelt and venture capitalist John Doerr , a partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byer , are among the well - known business people involved in high - level lobbying effort on clean energy .
The trio discussed the need for clean energy investment at a press conference here today , and are slated to discuss it further with President Barack Obama this afternoon .
Today 's message , and a related American Energy Innovation Council report listing a number of energy policy recommendations , did n't cite BP oil spill .
It was about which country will lead in what may easily be the world 's next big industrial push .
Gates , Immelt and Doerr are all members of the energy innovation council .
This business - driven push for a better energy plan already has some congressional support , principally from U.S. Rep. Bart Gordon ( D - Tenn . ) , who heads the House Committee on Science and Technology .
He said Thursday that he plans to work with the group on legislation that implements its proposals .
At an earlier meeting with congressional leaders on the BP oil spill , Obama made note of today 's planned meeting today with Gates and others .
" We can't keep our eye off the importance of having an energy policy that meets the needs of the next generation and ensures that the United States is the leader when it comes to energy policy , " said Obama .
" We are not yet that leader , and that 's what I want us to do . "
The U.S. is n't the worldwide leader in clean technology today , agreed Doerr during the press conference .
America is a worldwide leader in biotechnology and information technology , he said , but " that 's not the case in today 's energy technologies . "
Of the top 30 new energy technology companies worldwide that produce batteries , solar technologies and advanced wind energy , only four are headquartered in the United States , Doerr said .
" It 's very sad that Americans spend more on potato chips than we do on investment in clean energy R&D , " said Doerr .
Gates said more federal research spending is needed to spur investment in clean technologies .
" The incentives are n't there to make it happen , " said Gates .
" In the same way that the U.S. has led in health care , the same way we have led in IT , it takes an upfront investment , " said Gates .
U.S. - based General Electric is one of the top companies on Doerr 's list , and Immelt said that its revenue from clean energy products has gone from $ 5 billion to $ 20 billion .
" It 's created jobs , and it 's created competitive advantage , " said Immelt , adding that the company plans to increase R&D spending in this area .
The timeline for producing results is years away .
It will take a decade to bring a number of technologies in the pilot stage , and perhaps take 20 years before there is a clear idea what the winning technologies look like , according to those involved in this effort .
Patrick Thibodeau covers SaaS and enterprise applications , outsourcing , government IT policies , data centers and IT workforce issues for Computerworld .
Follow Patrick on Twitter at @DCgov , or subscribe to Patrick 's RSS feed .
His e-mail address is pthibodeau@computerworld.com .
Price Stability Not a Fed Priority
I knew the instant that I read the article ’s title , “ Fed Nominees Seek Economic Boost ” in The Wall Street Journal , that I was probably going to be outraged and end up screaming a fearful and angry Mogambo Howl Of Anger ( MHOA ) .
It was , alas , a feeling of doom that soon gave way to stark fear when I saw that the accompanying photo was captioned “ Fed nominees – Janet Yellen , Peter Diamond and Sarah Bloom Raskin – at a Senate hearing Thursday . ”
I am already petrified of this Yellen woman and the horrifying things that she has said over the years , and probably done , for all I know , and maybe far worse than even I expect .
In fact , I am so distrustful of the “ sacrificing the minority to benefit the majority ” insanity that I am sure that they would have no qualms about killing all the first - born sons if it meant a higher standard of living for the remaining population , a proud tradition she perpetuates when she embarrasses herself by testifying , “ Over the next few years , the Fed must craft policies that ensure that our economy accelerates its progress along the recovery path it has begun to trace . ”
Yikes !
Because I was paying so much attention to my sudden crushing chest pains and my left arm going numb at what she said , and the fearful inflationary implications thereof , I was not sure if my hands were shaking at the prospect of the Fed creating enough money to “ ensure that our economy accelerates . ”
So I stood up , raised my hands and loudly asked , “ Hey !
Are my hands shaking ? ”
Well , almost everyone said something rude along the lines of , “ Shut up , you creepy little weirdo ” or , “ Hey !
I ’m on the phone here , moron ! ” but a few acknowledged that , yes , my hands were shaking .
So I said , “ Of course my hands are shaking , you morons !
Yours should be , too , when you read about the staggering amount of money and credit that the Federal Reserve is willing to create , according to this horrid woman , which is sufficient to be deemed ‘ all the help that the Fed can provide over the coming year , ’ which is a truly terrifying thing for those of us who fear the terrible miseries of inflation in consumer prices that such monstrous inflation in the money supply will bring ! ”
Well , everyone went back to work , most of them shaking their heads and muttering under their breath , so I went back to reading the article , and saw that Ms. Yellen apparently mentioned something along the lines of , “ the Fed achieved price stability for a generation , ” which made me want to laugh , and would have , too , if I was n’t so angry that I was grinding my teeth together so hard that sparks were flying out of my mouth .
So , to distract myself , I looked up the definition of “ generation ” and found that a “ generation ” is 30 years , which really , REALLY makes me want to laugh that Ms. Yellen would be so boldly , so brazenly , so bereft of brains that she would DARE say that the Fed has achieved price stability for 30 years !
Even the Bureau of Labor Statistics calculator shows that $ 1 in 1980 , 30 years ago , had the buying power of $ 2.65 today !
That ’s 3.3 % a year , compounding for 30 years , for crying out loud !
As Exhibit A in my persecution of Ms. Yellen , according to thepeoplehistory.com , “ In 1980 the average cost of new car was $ 7,210.00 , ” and now the average cost of a new car in the United States is $ 28,400 , according to the National Automobile Dealers Association .
I apologize for bringing up the cost of cars because you and I both know that the car we really , really want is not an “ average car ” that costs $ 28,400 , but one that costs at least $ 75,000 , and usually more , lots more .
Of course , we ca n’t afford either of them , like we are some kind of big - shots who could even afford the insurance on a snazzy ride like that , which we find , after careful research , that we could actually swing if the spouse left and took all the kids , vowing never to return , but who kept paying the mortgage !
Then you realize that THAT sure ai n’t gonna happen , either , and this is just one MORE thing to be angry about , as if you did n’t already have enough heavy crosses to bear .
Well , peoplehistory.com also notes , probably as Exhibit B , that “ From Our 80s Price of Food Section , ” milk was 85 cents a 1 / 2 gallon , while I easily find that the average price for a half - gallon today is $ 2.06 .
So , Ms. Yellen , price stability ?
Hahaha !
A stable currency ?
Hahahaha !
Is n’t the expressed mission of the Federal Reserve to provide a stable currency ?
Hahaha !
I laugh at you !
This is outrageous inflation !
Again , the more frightened and enlightened among us scream in dismay in the dark , dank dismay of doom and destruction , where all we have is a depreciating currency and gratuitous use of alliteration , meaning higher prices day after day , and month after month , and year after year , and decade after decade , each of them filled with people suffering because their incomes did not rise as much as inflation in prices because they were old , young , infirm , ignorant or just plain lazy , or otherwise had nothing to offer with which to bargain for higher incomes to offset inflation in prices .
So congratulations to the horrid Federal Reserve , and congratulations Ms. Yellen , for inflicting continuous financial pain on the population , despite the fact that the freaking mission of the Federal Reserve is to preserve the stability of the buying power of the dollar .
Hahaha !
Failures all !
So while everything else was a crappy investment that barely broke even in nominal terms , they were dismal failures when adjusting for inflation , although you might happily note that buying gold and silver were fabulous investment decisions over the last 30 years , and for the 2,500 years before that , too !
And , I might add , just like right now .
This amazing , wonderful consistency of precious metals makes investing so easy that you cannot stop yourself from happily laughing and clapping your hands together , saying , “ Whee !
This investing stuff is easy ! ”
The Mogambo Guru
for The Daily Reckoning
Mount Your Trophy Bass as an Ashtray
These plans are to make a trophy fish mount ashtray .
While the thrill of catching a big fish lasts only a few minutes , the pleasure of reminisces , or telling your friends about it , can last for years if you mount the head to serve as a cigarette holder or ash tray .
When removing the head , it 's best to leave about 2 in . of the skin on it .
If you forgot to do this , the skin can be imitated with plaster of paris .
After as much flesh as possible as been removed , the mouth is propped open with a stick so that it resembles the one in Fig.
2 . Then it is placed in a bucket or can of 5 per cent - formaldehyde solution , Fig. 3 . It should be left in this solution for at least 3 days , or it can be left until ready for use .
When you are ready to mount the head , it is taken out of the solution , rinsed in running water as in Fig. 5 , then dipped in denatured alcohol , Fig. 4 , and hung up to dry .
After it has dried , which will only be a few minutes , it is given a coat inside and out of water glass , Fig .
6 . When dry ... Make The Ashtray Plans
While it is unquestionable that Barack Obama made the war in Afghanistan “ his ” war , it also is true that it was served to him on a platter and with a gun pressed against his back .
It was in fact the Pentagon ’s chosen war .
Had he refused to fight it , Pentagon insider stories , the opposition press and the Republican Party would have attacked him and his new administration for demonstrating incompetence in dealing with world affairs , naive and pacifist inclinations , and a willingness to “ surrender ” to terrorism .
Mr. Obama , a presidential candidate wholly without military experience , decided to forestall the inevitable attacks upon him as someone incapable of dealing with security issues , by accompanying his promise to end George W. Bush ’s Iraq war and making peace in Iraq ( yet to be accomplished — as was foreseeable at the time ) by relaunching and winning “ the right war , ” the war in Afghanistan against al - Qaida and the Taliban .
This was a half - baked notion since al - Qaida ’s survival as a serious terrorist organization , rather than an internationally notorious franchise for homegrown terrorism , was at the time doubted , and the Taliban was clearly a domestic Afghan political and social phenomenon possessing no international dimension other than in neighboring Pakistan .
It had neither the design nor the capability to attack the United States or Europe — nor any interest in doing so .
The Taliban had done nothing directly to harm the United States , but those in the United States who , for various reasons , wanted the war in Afghanistan prosecuted by Washington , held that unless the U.S. defeated the Taliban and controlled Afghanistan , that country would be forever a “ safe haven ” for terrorism .
Much the same thing could be said of most of the world ’s unoccupied spaces ( including Utah and Idaho ) .
The ascendant force in the Pentagon when Obama took office was a group of younger officers associated with Gen. David Petraeus , author of a restatement of classical political as well as military anti-insurgent tactics in a forthcoming U.S. Army Field Manual .
He had been named commandant of Central Command ( covering the Middle East and Central Asia ) by Secretary of Defense Robert Gates , and in turn placed a protege , Gen. Stanley McChrystal , in command in Afghanistan .
Petraeus was credited with what actually was not ( and still is not ) “ victory ” in Iraq because he had recommended and commanded the “ surge ” of reinforcements sent into Iraq in 2007 - 08 , and was associated with the program that had recruited and paid Sunni tribal forces to restore order in their own tribal areas by driving out al - Qaida ’s supporters ( tacitly in support of the dominant Shiite political forces in Baghdad , expected to win the forthcoming 2010 parliamentary elections and form an independent coalition government — which has yet to happen ) .
The new President Obama sent Gen. McChrystal to Kabul to assess the situation and recommend a program of action .
To no one ’s surprise , he recommended a “ surge ” of troops to Afghanistan , as in Iraq , to a total that today already is at nearly 100,000 American soldiers and contractors , plus a huge program of civilian “ nation builders ” in which Americans would go into villages to teach and promote democracy , school - building , women ’s education and modern administration .
This would follow an initial phase in which American forces would “ clear ” an area of Taliban and would then install newly trained Afghan soldiers and police to secure or “ hold ” the newly liberated area while NATO combat forces would move ahead to clear still more of Afghanistan .
Afghanistan is a country of some 250,000 square miles ( 646,000 square kilometers ) .
It is larger than France , most of it rugged and very difficult to access .
Its population is estimated by the U.N. to be some 30 million , 80 percent of it rural and tribal , a society profoundly disrupted by virtually continuous war since 1979 , and mostly illiterate .
President Obama asked Gens. McChrystal and Petraeus how long their program would take .
They assured him that American troops could begin shipping home in a year , and so the president assured the American people .
It is difficult to imagine how Gens .
McChrystal and Petraeus could in good faith have presented him with so fantastical a plan , or how Barack Obama , who is surely not a fool , could have accepted it .
But the press , the Congress and the American people nodded collectively that this was a scheme of benevolent nation - building that could transform and pacify Afghanistan .
Former Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice had written a few months before in Foreign Affairs magazine that the United States could and should “ change the world , and in [ America ’s ] image . ”
To do so , she wrote , was “ a uniquely American realism . ”
Such fantasy is bipartisan .
It can by no means simply be blamed on Obama and the Democrats .
It is as American as apple pie , and Gens. McChrystal and Petraeus ’s strategy for pacifying Afghanistan came straight , freshly baked , out of the Pentagon .
Today the fantasy has collapsed .
The accounts of journalists and of soldiers themselves , the small - unit combat histories newly disclosed in the WikiLeaks classified documents , have made plain what every informed grown - up American should have known from the beginning , that U.S. forces are being defeated in this preposterous effort , just as Soviet and British imperial forces were defeated before them .
Barack Obama might today call in Gen. Petraeus , and his predecessor Gen. McChrystal , together with the latter ’s “ Team America ” of high school jocks , and tell them that as they are responsible for this fiasco of destruction and useless slaughter , they will now make a public apology to the American people , and take charge of executing a mass American retreat from Afghanistan , with as little loss as possible to American forces and the Afghan people .
There is nothing to be gained by staying .
But that is impossible .
Failure is merely a steppingstone to success in the American military and political systems .
No one accepts responsibility .
The war will go on until it is extended to Pakistan , and possibly beyond .
Casualties will steadily mount .
No one can predict when the inevitable moment will come , but it will come , when the last Americans are lifted by helicopter off an embassy rooftop , and the Afghans , Pakistanis , Indians , Tajiks and others at last are left to reconstruct their own world .
The nation 's top civil liberties group is opening its own front in the battle over Arizona 's controversial immigration law , warning travelers that visiting the state could lead to racial profiling .
Critics have said the law , which requires local law enforcement to check the immigration status of people stopped for other reasons , opens the door to warrantless arrests simply for looking like an illegal immigrant , but proponents note that the law specifically forbids racial profiling .
And Gov. Jan Brewer , who signed the law in April , fought back Wednesday against the ACLU 's new alert .
Her office issued a statement saying that the ACLU 's actions proved how " hopelessly out of touch they are with the vast majority of Arizonans , as well as most Americans . "
" The legislation includes very specific language that makes it abundantly clear that racial profiling is and will continue to be illegal in Arizona , " Brewer spokesman Paul Senseman said .
" Instead of spreading fear , hate , and disinformation about the legislation , it would be helpful for the ACLU to instead join Governor Brewer 's demand that the federal government stop discussing and begin implementing an honest plan to secure our nation 's border . "
American Civil Liberties Union affiliates in Arizona , New Mexico and 26 other states put out the warnings in advance of the Fourth of July weekend .
The Arizona chapter has received reports that law enforcement officers are already targeting some people even though the law does n't take effect until July 29 , its executive director said .
Sgt. Kevin Wood , a spokesman for the Arizona Department of Public Safety , said Wednesday that its officers were not racially profiling people they come in contact with .
The alerts are designed to teach people about their rights if police stop and question them .
The Arizona law requires police , while enforcing other laws , to question a person 's immigration status if officers have a reasonable suspicion that the person is in the country illegally .
It also makes it a state crime for legal immigrants to not carry their immigration documents and bans day laborers and people who seek their services from blocking traffic on streets .
Attorneys defending the law against constitutional challenges filed by the ACLU and others argue that the Legislature amended it to strengthen restrictions against using race as the basis for questioning by police .
Five lawsuits are pending in federal court , and the U.S. Justice Department is believed to be preparing a legal challenge .
Despite the legislative action , the ACLU still believes that officers will inappropriately target minorities .
" We have a long history of racial profiling in this state , and this is basically going to really exacerbate that problem , " said Alessandra Soler Meetze , executive director of the ACLU of Arizona .
The ACLU 's warnings were accompanied by a " bust card " that citizens or non-citizens can print out or download to their mobile phone instructing them about their rights during encounters with police .
" There is a tremendous amount of misinformation out there about the law , " Meetze said .
" It 's a very complicated piece of legislation that gives police unprecedented powers to stop and question people about their identity and their citizenship .
I think it is important for people to have this information easily accessible . "
Arizona 's police training board is developing a video training program expected to be revealed Thursday for the state 's 15,000 law officers .
An outline of the training program said it will teach officers that race and ethnicity cannot be used as targets when enforcing the new illegal immigration law .
Besides ACLU affiliates in Arizona and New Mexico , chapters in Alaska , Arkansas , California , Colorado , Florida , Georgia , Idaho , Kansas , Missouri , Kentucky , Louisiana , Maine , Maryland , Massachusetts , Michigan , Minnesota , Montana , Nevada , Ohio , Oregon , Tennessee , Texas , Utah , Virginia , West Virginia and Wyoming issued the alerts .
View Transcript
Transcript
The Boss says , " I 'm happy to report that none of our oil rigs exploded . "
The Boss says , " Our children 's pharmaceuticals are not tainted with bacteria , and the government is not investigating our financial practices . "
The Boss says , " All we 're doing is quietly losing share - holder value . "
CEO says , " I knew it would feel like success if we kept at it ! "
Cable & Wireless was the first supplier , which recently met the government to discuss cost cutting , to come out and state the obvious .
That profits would be impacted , in a negative fashion , by the government cuts in spending .
“ Following the new government ’s Emergency Budget in late June , non-contracted spending in the UK public sector has slowed very significantly .
Given the nature of our public sector business , this reduction will adversely impact trading in the current year , ” said the company in a statement .
Now Capita , which also attended the government meeting , has come out and said : “ current pressures on public spending may potentially affect growth in the short term , ” in its latest results statement .
But these two and the other top suppliers can probably weather this type of storm
But according to Mark Lewis , a Lawyer at Berwin Leighton Paisner specialising in outsourcing , it is the mid sized and small IT forms that depend on UP public sector business that could be hit the hardest .
Could this be bad end users .
The disapearance of smaller suppliers will reduce competition , wipe out some service innovation and hit SME IT users the hardest .
Tags
Suppose there were food insurance .
Rather than everyone paying for food with their own money , people would pay a certain fee to their insurance company every month , and in return the insurance company would pay for all of its clients ' groceries .
Sound like a good idea ?
Perhaps , but what do you suppose would happen if we had this kind of food insurance ?
One thing we should expect is that there would be a general increase in food consumption , with a particular increase in more - expensive foods .
As of today , who can afford a Kobe porterhouse steak with white truffles and saffron , La Bonnotte potatoes and Almas Iranian caviar on the side , a Perrier Jouet Belle Epoque Blanc de Blanc to wash it down with , and a Chocopologie by Knipschildt and Kopi Luwak coffee for dessert ?
But if you 're paying the same whether you get this or a hamburger with fries and a soft drink , why not give the steak dinner a try ?
As more expensive foodstuffs become popular , cheaper food will become repackaged and given higher prices .
Which would you pay more for : a can of green beans , or a can of hand - picked , hand - selected haricots verts ?
The French term for " green beans " just makes you want to spend a few dollars more on it , does n't it ?
Thus , consumers will drive up the overall cost of food .
Indeed , insurance or not , it is always the consumer who is responsible for upward pressure on prices .
This is kept in check by the fact that consumers have to spend their own , limited funds .
Remove that check , and the check on prices will be removed as well .
Naturally , farmers will begin to make huge profits from this increased demand .
There will be an expansion of the agricultural sector .
More exotic foods will be introduced , and well - known food will , again , be repackaged and sold as more exotic in order to compete .
Since demagogues are always on the lookout for situations to exploit , farmers would then be cast as villains , unfairly profiting off the consumer .
People do have to eat , after all .
How can one profit off something people need to survive ?
One could expect several decades of demand that the government do something about rising food prices .
In the meantime , insurance companies will begin trying to figure out how to cut costs .
Premiums will go up , making it harder for poorer people to afford food insurance .
The government will likely step in to offer FoodCare and FoodAid for the elderly and the poor .
Grocery stores will build up huge bureaucracies to deal with the private and government insurance , driving up prices still further as they cover those employees ' wages .
" Rising prices are kept in check by the fact that consumers have to spend their own , limited funds .
Remove that check , and the check on prices will be removed as well . "
Both private and government insurance will try rationing , negotiating prices with stores , and dictating what stores consumers can go to and what those consumers can buy .
Demagogues will start complaining about the insurance companies , how they are charging high premiums but not allowing consumers to get what they want .
Eventually , people will begin to think that it 's just awful that anyone has to pay for their own groceries at all .
Stores wo n't display their prices , and store managers will act offended if you even ask about cost .
And as people pay more to the insurance companies while getting less and less — people will of course have forgotten what it was like before insurance , when food was cheap and abundant — they will demand that someone do something about it .
And someone will .
Regulations on agriculture , grocery stores , and insurance companies will increase , typically exacerbating problems in such a way that the companies will further be blamed for continued problems .
The same problems will be used to justify more control over each industry .
Finally , socialized food will be proposed .
With socialized food production and distribution come long food lines and limited rations among limited choices .
( That is , when there 's even food available . )
Do n't think this could happen ?
All we need is a wartime excuse to cap wages on the average worker , giving employers an incentive to come up with nonsalary compensations — such as insurance — to attract workers .
Something like the incentives adopted during the wage controls imposed during World War II .
Still think it could n't happen ?
Change " food " into " healthcare , " " grocery stores " into " hospitals , " and " farms " into " pharmaceutical companies , " and the above narrative can explain why the healthcare industry is in the situation it is in — and why we have moved more and more toward a socialized healthcare system in this country .
The bottom line here is that insurance of this kind — as opposed to catastrophic insurance like car insurance , which pays for accidents and not for oil changes and general repairs — creates moral hazard .
Prices help provide accurate information , but when you are insulated from the real costs of something , you receive bad information about that product — and no one can make good decisions with bad information .
The less expensive something is , the more we are likely to consume .
For example , my wife tells me she once had great insurance — a ten - dollar copay for anything .
So she went to the doctor over the tiniest sniffle .
Today she is a public school teacher , and as such her insurance is nowhere near as generous , so seasonal colds are waited out and treated with over - the - counter medicines that are cheaper ( and work just as well ) .
I have no insurance , so I do n't go to the doctor at all .
Of course , if the US healthcare - insurance model had not been driving up prices for the better part of a century , I could afford to see the doctor anyway .
But do n't worry about me .
The current federal health - insurance legislation will soon force me to buy insurance even though I can't afford it — and I , as well as those like me , will contribute to the next mortgage crisis when we are forced by law to buy insurance rather than choose , as I have done , to pay my mortgage instead .
Australia : Mining giants dictate terms to new prime minister
By Patrick O’Connor
29 June 2010
The major transnational mining corporations have delivered a blatant ultimatum to new Labor Prime Minister Julia Gillard — unless their demands are satisfied on the government ’s proposed Resource Super Profits Tax ( RSPT ) in the next few days , the campaign against the tax and against the government will resume and intensify .
The threat follows a protracted destabilisation campaign mounted by the miners against former Prime Minister Kevin Rudd , which helped create the conditions for last week ’s conspiratorial coup orchestrated by a handful of shadowy Labor Party factional bosses .
Gillard is now beholden to the mining magnates and other powerful sections of the corporate elite that helped install her in office .
Media reports emphasised that the mining CEOs would not accept any partial compromise that left important elements of the tax unresolved until after the next federal election .
“ There is no industry appetite for drawn - out negotiations on the mining super tax proposal , ” Minerals Council of Australia chief executive Mitch Hooke told the Australian .
“ In the interests of the industry and the national economy , the mining super tax issue must be resolved quickly and categorically . ”
The Australian listed the series of demands that the mining industry expected to be met : “ Mr Hooke said that to restore confidence and industry certainty , Ms Gillard must craft a ‘ definitive resolution ’ before the election including addressing industry concerns about the 40 percent rate , the point at which the tax would take effect and the RSPT ’s effect in international competitiveness . ”
According to the Australian , Gillard understood that she had until Friday to resolve the matter .
Acting as a direct conduit for the miners ’ demands , Murdoch ’s Australian explicitly warned Gillard that she was “ going to have to do a whole lot more ” to satisfy them : “ Compliance with the prime minister ’s ambition to disarm the mining tax as an election issue will require some sort of public pre-election commitment to remove the retrospectivity of the tax .
It will require , too , some certainty that a post-election negotiation on the tax rate will focus on a band of between , say , 25 and 35 percent and that the rate will be commodity specific rather than a one - size - fits - all number .
And it will require commitment to a discussion on where in the production cycle the tax is charged and on the capital uplift , which is currently set at the long - term government bond rate and needs to be about twice the 6 percent rate that currently implies . ”
The Australian Financial Review indicated that the mining companies had set a deadline .
“ We ’ve said up to two weeks , ” Association of Mining and Exploration Companies head Simon Bennison declared .
“ We want resolution to this situation .
We want to know what they ’re putting on the table and what we ’re going to negotiate out of this .
We want to get down to specifics .
We have got to put numbers to their parameters . ”
Without a deal , he warned , “ the campaign is back on full and we run this to the election . ”
Rarely has the class character of the bourgeois parliamentary apparatus — as the smokescreen for the naked dictatorship of capital — been so glaringly exposed .
An elected prime minister sought to increase the level of taxes paid by the wealthiest section of business , only to be brought down in an unprecedented inner-party Labor coup , instigated amid a ferocious advertising campaign mounted by the mining companies , costing an estimated $ 100 million , and assisted by the corporate media with their highly manipulative opinion polls .
The mining corporations operate in concert on a global scale , generating revenues that dwarf the gross domestic products generated by many nation - states .
Three of the leading mining interests behind the anti-Rudd campaign — BHP Billiton , Rio Tinto and Xstrata — have a combined market capitalisation of $ 400 billion , larger than the world ’s most powerful corporations , PetroChina ( $ 329 billion ) and Exxon Mobil ( $ 316 billion ) .
The combined market capitalisation of BHP Billiton , Rio Tinto and Xstrata is equivalent to that of Sweden , the 22nd wealthiest country on the International Monetary Fund ’s 2009 GDP country ranking ( only a few notches behind Australia , which comes in 13th ) .
These enormously powerful interests act in concert to sabotage any threat to their interests , including , if necessary , destabilising elected national governments .
Last month the Australian published an article , “ Zambian backflip provides warning against super - profits tax ” , which noted that the central African country had introduced various mining tax surcharges in 2008 on the advice of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund .
But , the newspaper explained , “ Miners in the country , including the Australian - listed Equinox Minerals and Canada ’s First Quantum — which bought BHP Billiton ’s mothballed Ravensthorpe nickel operation — railed against the move .
The pressure , and a drop in exploration , caused the Zambian government to throw out the windfall tax . ”
Now a similar operation is underway in Australia .
Labor ’s factional system provided the direct vehicle for the prosecution of the miners ’ interests within the party .
While the details of the various incestuous ties between mining company boardrooms , union bosses , and Labor ’s factional warlords will no doubt emerge , there is no question that those behind the Gillard coup enjoy close relations with the miners .
The Australian Workers Union , which played an important role in the affair , operates in the mining industry and has a long record of close collaboration with the corporate CEOs .
Contrary to Rudd ’s rhetoric , the RSPT was never about ensuring that the “ Australian people ” received a fairer share of the country ’s wealth .
Rather , the tax was aimed at redistributing income within the ruling elite , with the new revenue stream slated to fund a 2 percent reduction in the corporate tax rate , more public infrastructure investment to boost exports , and an expanded superannuation scheme to assist the financial sector .
Rudd nevertheless proved unable to rally any significant section of business behind the proposed tax , in part because of fears that the Australian economy as a whole would be plunged into crisis in the event of a mining “ capital strike ” .
Having benefited from the coup , Gillard is now intent on satisfying miners ’ demands , while at the same time ensuring that these other pro-business measures , previously funded by forecast RSPT revenue of $ 12 billion , are also implemented and that she makes good her pledge of delivering a balanced budget by 2013 .
Only by cutting government spending on areas including welfare and social infrastructure can such an agenda be achieved .
Gillard and those who orchestrated the coup , however , are intent on preventing any public discussion on these issues .
That is why increasingly strident calls are being made for an early election — as soon as August .
Gillard yesterday announced a cabinet reshuffle , having made minimal change .
Simon Crean , a former union chief and a minister under the Hawke and Keating Labor governments , was moved from trade minister to Gillard ’s previous portfolios — education , employment and workplace relations .
Stephen Smith is now both foreign and trade minister .
Gillard denied Rudd ’s reported request to be appointed foreign minister , though declared that after the election she would be “ happy ” to have him serve in cabinet .
She pointedly delayed rewarding the factional heavyweights who organised the coup until after the election .
The purpose of the limited cabinet rearrangement is to focus all the government ’s efforts on its first priority — to placate the miners — and then seek to legitimise Gillard ’s installation by calling an election .
The haste with which a national vote is being prepared reflects serious concerns within government , media and corporate circles over the hostile public response to the political coup against Rudd .
World Socialist Web Site reporters spoke with several people in Gillard ’s electorate of Lalor , covering working class suburbs in Melbourne ’s outer - west .
“ Quite a few people were angry about it because Rudd was elected by the people , ” Craig Hort , who is unemployed , said .
“ It is supposed to be up to the will of the people .
I can smell a rat ...
To say it is undemocratic is an understatement .
Gillard kept saying repeatedly that she stood for Kevin Rudd all the way .
One month ago she said she would not make a good prime minister .
She lied her head off .
She was trying to convey to the public that she was loyal .
Loyal to who ? ”
Wendy Gillespie said that there should have been an election and she felt what had happened was “ a stab in the back ” while Rita insisted : “ The people had no say in it — why do we bother voting ...?
I heard it on the radio .
I had n’t heard anything .
I thought ‘ Why ? ’
We never voted .
That ’s what gets me — we ’re used .
We vote when we ’re told to vote . ”
The author also recommends :
The Australian Labor Party coup : a warning to the working class
[ 28 June 2010 ]
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
Have you heard of the Jones Act ?
Unless you read Newsmax and listen to a lot of right - wing radio , probably not .
It ’s an obscure statute that ’s been on the books since 1920 , and it requires all shipping between U.S. ports or in U.S. coastal waters to be carried in U.S. - flag ships that are owned and crewed by U.S. citizens .
So why are conservatives suddenly up in arms about it ?
Because , they claim , it ’s a labor - inspired rule that ’s obstructing aid to a Gulf Coast being ravaged by the BP oil spill .
Why , if only President Obama would stand up to the union bosses and grant a waiver to the rule , we could get help from the Dutch , the Norwegians , the Belgians , and all the other countries that desperately want to help but are being kept away .
Sarah Palin got the ball rolling on this meme a couple of weeks ago when she said , “ It ’s amazing to me and to so many others that though President Bush had been able to waive Jones Act provisions for Katrina , President Obama has n’t thought to do that yet ? ”
It ’s been a right - wing talking point ever since .
This is , as it happens , entirely false .
No waivers have been requested yet because so far none have been needed .
The Jones
Act does n’t apply to vessels like oil skimmers that would be used in coastal areas , and the world ’s largest skimmer , a converted Taiwanese supertanker , is in the Gulf and will begin operations soon .
It does n’t apply at all more than three miles off the coast , where the spill itself is taking place .
There are , it turns out , over a dozen foreign flagged ships helping out with spill operations .
“ To date , ” reports FactCheck.org , “ 25 countries and four international organizations have offered support in the form of skimming vessels , containment and fire boom , technical assistance and response solutions , among others . ”
Only one offer has been declined .
Not surprised ?
Me neither .
But I was pleasantly suprised by this headline on a Jones Act story distributed on Wednesday by McClatchy :
GOP ’s false talking point : Jones
Act blocks Gulf help
One of the reasons that conservatives get away with mendacious memes like this one is because the media rarely calls them out directly on it .
When it came up on Meet the Press last weekend , for example , David Gregory ’s response was “ Mm-hmm , ” and it was left to Rep Ed Markey ( D–Mass . ) to explain why the charge was baseless .
So three cheers to the heroic but anonymous copy editor at McClatchy who read William Douglas ’s story and did n’t try to fudge things .
It ’s a false talking point , full stop , and it ’s nice to see someone in a mainstream organization say so plainly .
Once we heard Rock Band 3 would be presenting at E3 this year , Icrontic just had to be first on the scene .
As E3 ’s show floor officially opened , IC ’s posse hustled to the MTV Games / Harmonix booth to make the first appointment of the day .
We fully expected to be underwhelmed by the game .
Blahblahblah keyboard , yadda yadda .
We were shocked , though — at one point in the presentation , we actually broke out into heartfelt applause .
Sure , the game has a keyboard , but that ’s really not what makes Rock Band 3 great .
The game ’s single most powerful feature is Pro mode for all instruments .
Pro mode includes the ability to play a true MIDI keyboard , or a real guitar .
I repeat for emphasis : a real guitar .
Fender will be releasing a Stratocaster model to complement the game .
The new Stratocaster will act as either a Rock Band 3 controller , or — by plugging into an amp — a true electric guitar .
Rock Band 3 ’s
Pro mode will allow a range of true guitar play , from plucking a single string on Easy to actually playing along with the song on Expert .
Finally the rhythm game genre has matured to the point where you can pick up a game and learn a real instrument .
All of the existing mechanics of the series are carried over : three part vocal harmonies , no fail mode , party or career gaming , and an enhanced version of the character builder .
Menu systems have been enhanced , allowing any player to drop , join , or change settings at any time during a song .
Harmonix put on a strong presentation for the game , and then unleashed Icrontic onto a demonstration set .
To sum it up : do want .
Randall Stephens is Associate Professor of History at Eastern Nazarene College .
He is an editor of Historically Speaking and the author of The Fire Spreads : Holiness and Pentecostalism in the American South ( Harvard , 2008 ) .
“ I do n’t believe in change over time . ” I wish Glenn Beck would come out and say just that .
I ’ve watched quite a few of Beck ’s 5:00 p.m. dispatches from disturbia .
I ’ve seen his maniacal chalkboard talks on fascism and communism , with brisk arrows drawn to “ progressivism , ” “ social justice , ” and “ unions . ”
I ’ve heard him tar the labor movement with the brush of nineteenth century racism , conveniently ignoring the Knights of Labor and the Congress of Industrial Organizations .
I ’ve spent too much time observing him weave far - fetched moral conspiracy tales on a range of subjects .
Maybe I get some sick pleasure watching Beck cry crocodile tears for his American Babylon .
Beck ’s political grandstanding and maudlin theatrics are offensive enough .
( I can think of no better ipecac for the typical humanities professor . )
But it ’s his ahistorical theories of the past that disturb me most .
Beck , like many conservatives , Christian or not , is incapable of coming to terms with the notion of change over time .
What was true for bewigged , knee - breeches - wearing , slave - owning nabobs in eighteenth century Virginia must be just as true for a minivan - driving NASCAR dad in 2010 .
( Still , few of those NASCAR dads would adopt some of Ben Franklin ’s woolly polytheistic notions . )
Did America ’s public schools once allow Protestant - styled prayers in the classroom ?
Then they should do so still .
Were women once the caretakers of hearth and home ?
Then maybe they should still be .
Did n’t learned folks once believe that the Grand Canyon formed in a matter of days during the flood of the Old Testament ?
Or was it millions of years in the making , as modern geologists would have us believe ?
The flood story — biblical , less complicated , more interesting — makes more sense .
Ahistorical logic knows few bounds .
Beck applies his shoddy history to the left , too , which he dispatches with relish .
If members of the California Workingmen ’s Party or the American Federation of Labor hated blacks and Asians in the 1870s and 1880s , then they must still hate them .
Was Woodrow Wilson a white supremacist ?
Then it follows that progressives today are , too .
Maybe the New Left adage about a usable past should be retooled as a mis-usable past for Beck , Christian Nation historians , and the like .
( I wonder what representatives of the NAACP make of Beck ’s “ use ” of Martin Luther King . )
In the West , historians have been thinking about the “ differentness ” of the past for more than five hundred years .
Many historians now take for granted the idea that , in the words of L.P.
Hartley , “ The past is a foreign country : they do things differently there . ”
David Lowenthal ’s excellent study on the subject , which borrowed Hartley ’s phrase for the title , put the matter succinctly : “ The disjunction of the past from the present became significantly apparent only during the Renaissance , when rapport with antiquity made humanists exaggerate the unlikeness of more recent medieval times … and feel poignantly their remoteness from ancient Rome . ” ( 2 )
Sometimes the distance between past and present lessens .
Like many historians , I often sense a point of contact with the individuals I study .
How might I have felt in that same situation ?
I wonder .
Did the man in the street in mid-nineteenth century Charleston see some things as I do ?
And often enough the past comes crashing in on the present , like a hurricane , bringing new meaning to William Faulkner ’s immortal words in Requiem for a Nun : “ The past is never dead .
It ’s not even past . ”
( That rang true for Daniel Lazare , who wrote a Harper ’s Magazine article over ten years ago on the lock the Second Amendment held on the country .
He asked , “ Why must Americans remain slaves to the past ? ” )
More typically , when I ’m thumbing through old dusty documents or scanning microfilm as it speeds across the screen , I ’m reminded of the strangeness of the past , or the gaping distance that separates me from the subjects I study .
Not so with many religious conservatives .
The past is much like the present , they must think , with the exception that people in olden times had different hairdos , talked funny , and wore strange clothes .
Besides minor changes in wardrobe , hair , and speech , they imagine , the circle is unbroken .
The inability to understand change over time is a basic blind spot for a range of evangelical conservatives and right - wingers of various stripes .
Whether they ’re talking about the inerrancy of Scripture or the original intent of the founders , what ’s missing is a real appreciation for historical processes or an understanding of the uniqueness of the past .
I conclude with one example : Marriage .
Historians would appreciate that marriage in nineteenth century America is really not the same as marriage in twenty - first century America .
One hundred and fifty years ago a woman ’s legal identity was an extension of her husband ’s .
She was a dependent .
Before 1848 in New York a married woman lost the right to control any property owned before the union .
A woman could not acquire land in her own name .
Neither could she make contracts or bring a lawsuit into court .
Late in the century women gained greater property rights , but full legal equality in marriage would take decades to achieve .
Added to all that , state laws could dictate who could marry whom well into the twentieth century .
As many know , the case Loving v. Virginia ( 1967 ) challenged Virginia ’s Racial Integrity Act of 1924 .
Marriage gets more complicated , foreign , bizarre in contemporary eyes the further one looks back .
The Old Testament patriarch Jacob had four wives .
King David ’s eight wives are named in the Bible , though he had many more .
The book of I Kings describes the amorous King Solomon , who “ loved many strange women , together with the daughter of Pharaoh , women of the Moabites , Ammonites , Edomites , Zidonians , and Hittites . ”
He took seven hundred wives and three hundred concubines .
Wives and women in general were subject to a range of Bronze Age laws .
Codes and regulations for concubines , spelled out in Exodus 21:7 - 11 , were a whole other matter .
In the West women are no longer property to be hoarded by kings or jealous leaders of tribes .
That historical context is either ignored or lost on advocates of traditional , changeless marriage .
Here 's conservative Christian psychologist and bestselling childcare expert James Dobson on the subject : Gay activists “ do not have the right to define marriage … .
For five thousand years in every continent on Earth , marriage has been the standard between a man and a woman . ”
Whether the issue is marriage , human evolution , or history , quite a few stalwarts argue that things have always been the same and should always remain so .
The same faith once delivered to the saints .
Beck just happens to be one of the most visible and powerful expositors of that ahistorical faith .
(1) David Lowenthal , The Past Is a Foreign Country ( Cambridge : Cambridge University Press , 1985 ) , 390 .
Das Berliner Tablet sieht Apples neuem Kassenschlager zum Verwechseln ähnlich .
Im Unterschied zum iPad gibt es aber eine Webcam , USB - Anschlüsse und das Bürosoftware - Paket OpenOffice .
Apples iPad bekommt Konkurrenz aus Deutschland .
" WePad " klingt nicht nur ähnlich , sondern sieht auch fast genauso aus wie Apples Tablet .
Dass das iPad " etwas schöner " ist , musste Helmut Hoffer von Ankershoffen vom Hersteller Neofonie bei der Präsentation eingestehen .
Dafür ist das WePad viel offener und flexibler - schließlich basiert es im Grunde auf dem freien System Linux .
Die Oberfläche wurde mit Adobes Entwicklungsumgebung AIR gestaltet und besteht aus kleinen Widgets , die entweder Zugang zu Diensten wie Facebook oder Google bieten oder gleich kleine Informationshappen auf den Homescreen holen ( Wetter , Schlagzeilen , etc. ) .
Weil Verlage die neue Produkt - Kategorie der Tablets als neue Chance sehen , mit digitalen Inhalten doch noch Kasse zu machen , bietet auch Neofonie in diesem Bereich so einiges .
Billiger mit Abo
Publikationen können über die Plattform WeMagazine angeboten werden .
Der Hamburger Verlag Gruner + Jahr ( zB. " Stern " ) und die Schweizer Verlagsgruppe Ringier mit
( c ) AP Photo ( Michael Sohn )
ihrer " Illustrierten " und " Cicero " sind bereits aufgesprungen .
Als besonderes Zuckerl sollen später von Verlagen subventionierte WePads besonders günstig in Verbindung mit einem Abonnement angeboten werden .
Webcam und USB
Der Browser kann dank enger Zusammenarbeit mit Adobe auch alle Flash - Inhalte darstellen , was auf Apples iPad nicht möglich ist .
Flash ist Bestandteil vieler Webseiten und wird insbesondere bei Webvideos eingesetzt .
Auch hardwareseitig hat das WePad eine Antwort auf viele Kritikpunkte des iPads : Zwei USB - Anschlüsse , einen Speicherkarten - Leser und eine Webcam für Videotelefonie .
Zusätzlich gibt es WLAN und wahlweise UMTS und GPS - der Speicher beträgt je nach Variante 16 oder 32 Gigabyte .
Auf Apples AppStore antwortet Neofonie mit der Integration von Googles Marketplace , in dem Apps
( c ) AP ( Michael Sohn )
für das Smartphone - Betriebssystem Android bereit stehen .
Die Android - Apps sollen ohne Probleme auf dem WePad laufen .
Ab Sommer erhältlich
Die Preise für das WePad liegen nur wenig unter jenen , die für für das iPad zu erwarten sind .
Das Basismodell mit 16 Gigabyte Speicher und WLAN gibt es um 449 Euro ( iPad : 499 Dollar , die bei Apple in der Regel 1:1 in Euro
umgesetzt werden ) .
Das teuerste Modell mit UMTS , GPS und 32 Gigabyte Speicher beläuft sich auf 569 Euro .
Das WePad kann bereits vorbestellt werden .
Ausgeliefert wird ab Juni , zunächst aber nur in kleinen Stückzahlen .
Ab August soll das Tablet dann unbegrenzt zur Verfügung stehen .
Bisher gibt es laut Neofonie bereits 20.000 Vorbestellungen .
A Kid Pulls Out His Own Tooth … With A Rocket
Click here to get each day ’s one thing to see by email !
I can’t decide whether this video features the best or worst parenting in the world .
In it , a father films as his son pulls out his own tooth … by attaching it to a rocket and igniting the rocket .
I guess that ’s one way to get kids excited about science .
If you enjoyed this post , please “ like ” our Facebook page :
Is White Privilege A Myth ?
Jim Webb argues that we should stop measuring diversity by race alone .
James Joyner · · 49 comments
My senior senator , Jim Webb , has taken to the pages of WSJ with an op - ed titled “ Diversity and the Myth of White Privilege , ” subtitled “ America still owes a debt to its black citizens , but government programs to help all ‘ people of color ’ are unfair .
They should end . ”
Forty years ago , as the United States experienced the civil rights movement , the supposed monolith of White Anglo - Saxon Protestant dominance served as the whipping post for almost every debate about power and status in America .
After a full generation of such debate , WASP elites have fallen by the wayside and a plethora of government - enforced diversity policies have marginalized many white workers .
The time has come to cease the false arguments and allow every American the benefit of a fair chance at the future .
This is , to say the least , an unusual position for a Democratic United States Senator .
Indeed , Pat Buchanan could have written it .
But Webb ’s no Pat Buchanan .
I have dedicated my political career to bringing fairness to America ’s economic system and to our work force , regardless of what people look like or where they may worship .
Unfortunately , present - day diversity programs work against that notion , having expanded so far beyond their original purpose that they now favor anyone who does not happen to be white .
In an odd historical twist that all Americans see but few can understand , many programs allow recently arrived immigrants to move ahead of similarly situated whites whose families have been in the country for generations .
These programs have damaged racial harmony .
And the more they have grown , the less they have actually helped African - Americans , the intended beneficiaries of affirmative action as it was originally conceived .
I made pretty much the same argument in my recent posting “ Does Harvard Discriminate Against Whites ? ”
But Webb goes further :
Affirmative action was designed to recognize the uniquely difficult journey of African - Americans .
This policy was justifiable and understandable , even to those who came from white cultural groups that had also suffered in socio-economic terms from the Civil War and its aftermath .
The injustices endured by black Americans at the hands of their own government have no parallel in our history , not only during the period of slavery but also in the Jim Crow era that followed .
But the extrapolation of this logic to all “ people of color ” — especially since 1965 , when new immigration laws dramatically altered the demographic makeup of the U.S. — moved affirmative action away from remediation and toward discrimination , this time against whites .
It has also lessened the focus on assisting African - Americans , who despite a veneer of successful people at the very top still experience high rates of poverty , drug abuse , incarceration and family breakup .
Those who came to this country in recent decades from Asia , Latin America and Africa did not suffer discrimination from our government , and in fact have frequently been the beneficiaries of special government programs .
The same cannot be said of many hard - working white Americans , including those whose roots in America go back more than 200 years .
This is largely correct , although Hispanics in border states may quibble with the assertion that they do n’t face government discrimination .
But Affirmative Action was never solely about government based discrimination .
One of the “ vestiges of slavery , ” one could argue , is private racism , especially against blacks .
Moreover , aside from marginal slots at elite universities , does anyone seriously think whites are being singled out for discrimination by society at large ?
Webb does n’t .
However , he correctly points out that “ Contrary to assumptions in the law , white America is hardly a monolith .
And the journey of white American cultures is so diverse ( yes ) that one strains to find the logic that could lump them together for the purpose of public policy . ”
He devotes several paragraphs , not surprisingly , talking about the plight of poor whites in the South , noting that they ’re virtually indistinguishable from blacks in terms of education and achievement .
He concludes :
Nondiscrimination laws should be applied equally among all citizens , including those who happen to be white .
The need for inclusiveness in our society is undeniable and irreversible , both in our markets and in our communities .
Our government should be in the business of enabling opportunity for all , not in picking winners .
It can do so by ensuring that artificial distinctions such as race do not determine outcomes .
Memo to my fellow politicians : Drop the Procrustean policies and allow harmony to invade the public mindset .
Fairness will happen , and bitterness will fade away .
While I do n’t disagree with the premise , I ’m not sure what policy conclusion one reaches .
I fully agree and have long argued that using race as the sole criterion for policy preference should end .
But , surely , we do n’t want to create new categories , such as “ Scotch - Irish Sons of Confederate Veterans , ” for special treatment .
We could target based on poverty , perhaps with some sort of regional cost of living adjustments .
I like the concept of “ enabling opportunity for all . ”
But what does that mean in practice ?
Do we Federalize education ?
Under our current system , which is typically funded by local property taxes , children in poor communities are trapped in poorly funded schools .
That ’s doubly true if surrounding communities are also poor .
And this gets compounded by the fact that poor families are more likely to be single - parent families with households headed by poorly educated , young people too tired to give their kids ’ education much attention and poorly equipped to do much good , anyway .
How do we break this cycle through the government ?
Correction :
The original referred to Webb , elected in 2006 , as my junior senator .
But he ’s actually my senior senator , as longtime Senator John Warner retired and was replaced by Mark Warner ( no relation ) in 2008 .
- video encodings still in process -
Driver loses control and crashes into a group of bystanders .
Apple 's second - generation iPad may feature 5.6 - and 7 - inch OLED screens , and may hit the shelves as soon as the fourth quarter of 2010 , according to the Taipei - based Digitimes .
According to the Digitimes ' unnamed sources from component makers , Apple has " recently placed new iPad orders to Taiwan - based component makers for the fourth quarter of 2010 and the first quarter of 2011 with 9.7 - inch , 5.6 - inch , and 7 - inch models all included . "
The report states that the 5.6 - and 7 - inch models would most likely target the e-book reader market , while the 9.7 - inch model will receive some " minor changes " and remain a model targeted at the multimedia entertainment market .
This report is consistent with the earlier rumors ( also reported by Digitimes ) in April that suggested the second - generation iPad would feature an OLED screen .
However , it 's important to take this rumor with a decent - size grain of salt -- especially considering that OLED screens are still fairly expensive .
According to Digitimes Research senior analyst Mingchi Kuo , the current price of a 9.7 - inch LCD iPad panel costs around $ 60 - $ 70 , while the price of a 9.7 - inch OLED screen costs around $ 500 .
Kuo noted in April that the price gap is " unlikely to narrow significantly in 2010 or 2011 . "
In this most recent Digitimes article , Kuo points out that the current largest OLED maker , Samsung Electronics , does not even have the capacity to supply the company 's own products with OLED screens -- so it 's unlikely that Apple will suddenly find itself in a windfall of OLED screens in the fourth quarter of 2010 .
Perhaps the more important question is , would you even care if the newest iPad had varying screen sizes and / or OLED displays ?
Or would you rather see some different improvements , such as a camera or support for Adobe Flash ?
Ming Shiue : Inside the Mind of a Psychopathic Killer Why did Ming Shiue kidnap his former high school teacher and her daughter ?
June 22 , 2010  -- Ming Shiue was voted Most likely to Succeed in high school .
And by all appearances , he seemed to be a well - rounded student and athlete .
But 15 years later , in 1980 , Shiue kidnapped his former math teacher and her young daughter , imprisoning them for 53 days .
Along the way , he murdered a young boy who happened to see the two tied up in the trunk of a car the day Shiue abducted them .
As Shiue approaches what may be the end of a 30 - year prison term , it remains an enigma how this seemingly normal teenager could commit these atrocious crimes .
" He went from being an all - American boy , playing football , basketball , baseball , wrestling and excelling at academics … to a real loner after high school .
He had no friends , " said Eileen Biernat , author of the book " Stalking Mary . "
It was Shiue 's inability to forge any meaningful relationships during his adolescence that led to depression , and fueled the delusions that would gradually intensify to the point where he lost touch with reality , said Paul Reitman , a psychologist who spent many hours evaluating Shiue for the prosecution .
Experts said the best indication of mental health for a teenager is peer relationships .
Despite Shiue 's good grades and success at team sports , he had no friends .
" This was a young boy , probably , who was just dying for attention and acceptance and was n't getting any from his peers , " said Reitman , adding that Shiue became " tormented with inadequacy .
" He does n't have social skills , so he gets delusional and fixated , '' said Reitman .
Obsession
Shiue 's became fixated on Mary Stauffer .
She was not a former girlfriend , or even a friend .
Stauffer had been his ninth grade algebra teacher .
Unknown to Stauffer , Shiue had fantasized about her for years , writing about her and stalking her .
Then , in the spring of 1980 , Shiue kidnapped the object of his obsession , and her 8 - year - old daughter , Beth .
" [ Stauffer ] was probably a wonderful teacher and probably paid him attention , " said Reitman .
" So in his mind , he begins this delusional fantasy that ' she loves me , we 'll be a family . ' "
Shiue documented his delusions in extensive writings -- stories that centered on motherly figures and teachers -- that had striking similarities to the ordeal he would force Stauffer and her daughter to live out .
Shiue was obsessed with his own sexual , psychopathic fantasies , said Pat Brown , a nationally recognized criminal profiler well versed on the case .
" His very sadistic fantasy [ was one ] where he would have total power and control over one woman . "
According to court records , " In more than one story , a woman has a child and submits to the assault to protect the child from harm .
The victims are often teachers .
The stories range from those in which a voluptuous woman has an affair with a student , often Ming Shiue himself , to stories of Shiue or other male characters violently raping women , engaging in sadistic violent sexual behavior . "
Ming Shiue : Control and Manipulation
" They do n't have the control they would like , so they create their own game , " she said .
" Every psychopath is mostly about power and control .
If you 're useful , they 'll use you and manipulate you .
And if you 're in the way , they may eliminate you . "
This was the case with Jason Wilkman , a 6 - year - old boy who inadvertently crossed Shiue 's path and whom Shiue murdered .
" The little boy simply got in his way , " said Brown .
" A psychopath has no empathy for anybody else , so it 's collateral damage . "
Experts said Shiue lacked normal moral restraints .
He felt no remorse , which made it possible to act upon his fantasies .
Psychopaths are " not concerned about the other person 's feelings or the well - being of the person , " Brown said .
" They have no empathy .
So the other person is merely a pawn to them . "
They " manipulate everything they can in order to get what they want , " she said .
According to Brown , abducting Stauffer 's daughter was no accident .
With the child in tow , Shiue expected Mary Stauffer to be more compliant .
" You take the child so that you can have control over the female , because she will do a lot more if she 's afraid for her child 's life . "
It was a need for control and power , not a desire for sex , that motivated Shiue 's behavior while he held Mary and Beth Stauffer captive .
He raped Mary Stauffer daily , not because of an interest in sex but rather because he wanted to humiliate her and exercise his power over her , Brown said .
Victim to Kidnapper : ' I love you '
He " has partial insight from time to time that what he 's doing is wrong , " said Reitman .
" He wants to rationalize and convince himself that she loves him . "
Shiue manipulated Stauffer into saying , " I love you , " pressuring her to be more affectionate to ease his own guilt .
He even went so far as to place a plastic bag over Beth 's head , only removing it after her mother kissed him on the lips .
" He wanted to watch [ Stauffer ] squirm .
He wanted to watch her struggle .
And he just kept playing with her , " said Brown .
Sadist and Delusional
A complicated split ruled Shiue 's mind :
He was both a sadist and delusional , experts said .
" He bounces back and forth through his being sadistic , wanting to punish her , ' She harmed me ' to ' I love her , ' " said Reitman .
" He can have those moments where he wants to inflict humiliation and pain , because that 's an arousal for him , but in his mind , he also loved her . "
When Shiue encountered Stauffer in court , he attacked her on two separate occasions , releasing his " homicidal rage " and revealing that that he was deluded , said Reitman .
" He really thought at times that she was his lover .
He wanted that .
That was his wishful thinking . "
Three Decades Later : What Lies Ahead for Shiue
" He fixated on [ her ] for 15 years .
He kidnapped her , raped her , threatened to kill her daughter , " said Reitman .
" He killed a 6 - year - old boy .
He butchered her on the stand because she lied -- in his mind .
He might feel that he spent 30 years in prison because she lied .
We do n't know . "
It is also unknown how Shiue will adjust to a life beyond bars .
" There is no treatment for a sexually sadistic psychopath , absolutely none , " said Brown .
" He will have the same fantasies for his entire life , till the day he dies .
" Sexual sadists do not change , " said Brown .
" They love the power and control and they 're fixated on their particular fantasies . "
From Bulbapedia , the community - driven Pokémon encyclopedia .
Ekans ( Japanese : アーボ Arbo ) is a Poison - type Pokémon introduced in Generation I .
It evolves into Arbok starting at level 22 .
Biology
Ekans is a purple , serpentine Pokémon .
Its eyes , underbelly , the thick stripe around its neck , and rattle are yellow .
Ekans has three pairs of black lines encircling its body , as well as another line that connects to each slit - pupiled eye and curves toward its nose .
Its large mouth has a round , pink tongue and no visible teeth .
While painful , a newborn Ekans 's bite is not venomous .
This Pokémon grows longer with age .
Ekans lives in grassy savannas and plains , where it moves stealthily through grass .
It can also be found in forests and desolate wastelands , where it preys on Eggs from Pidgey and Spearow nests , but will strike other prey from behind .
By flicking its tongue out , it is able to detect danger and the scent of prey .
Its jaw can detach to swallow large prey , but such a meal can make Ekans too heavy to move or become stuck and cause it to faint .
It wraps itself around tree branches at night to rest .
If not in a tree , it will coil itself up — a position in which it can defend itself from all directions .
It was also shown in the second movie to possess some swimming abilities .
Its former signature move is Glare .
In the anime
In the main series
Major appearances
Jessie received an Ekans as a chūgen gift ( a birthday gift in the dub ) prior to the start of the anime .
It debuted in Pokémon Emergency ! , which also marked the species ' debut .
It was extremely loyal to her and eventually evolved into an Arbok in Dig Those Diglett !
just to make her happy .
Ekans was part of Team Meanies in Pokémon Mystery Dungeon : Team Go-Getters
Out of the Gate !.
Gengar commanded the Poisonous Snake Pokémon to eat all of the Berries Team Go-Getters had collected .
At one point , Ekans was incorrectly referred to as Arbok by Gengar .
While this was an intentional error that Ekans rebuked in the original version ( due to the similarities between the Japanese names ) , this came across as a general mistake in the dub and was corrected in reruns of the episode .
Other
In A Poached Ego ! , multiple Ekans were captured by Rico .
Jessie released her Arbok along with James 's Weezing so they could protect these Ekans and a group of captured Koffing .
In Turning Heads and Training Hard ! , a Team Skull Grunt 's Ekans was quickly defeated by Ilima and his Eevee .
In Battle Royal 151 ! , it competed in the Manalo Conference , only to be defeated by Ilima 's Eevee again .
Minor appearances
In Mewtwo Strikes Back , a Trainer 's Ekans was defeated by Mewtwo while it was serving Giovanni .
In Pikachu's Vacation , an Ekans was at the Pokémon Theme Park .
In The Power of One , multiple Ekans sensed the disturbance caused by Lawrence III .
An Ekans appeared in the Japanese credits of Pikachu's Rescue Adventure .
In Carrying On ! , a sick Ekans was in Way Away Island 's Pokémon Center .
In Different Strokes for Different Blokes , an Ekans was a resident of Bewilder Forest .
An Ekans appeared in a fantasy in A Dancing Debut !.
In The Power of Us , Ash caught an Ekans in a special blue Poké Ball for the Pokémon Catch Race .
In Mewtwo Strikes Back — Evolution , a Trainer 's Ekans was at Old Shore Wharf .
In a flashback in Enter Pikachu ! , an Ekans attacked Pichu , only to be scared off when Pichu retaliated .
In Dreams Are Made of These ! ,
Goh caught an Ekans during a Pokémon Orienteering competition .
It has since made further appearances in Pokémon Journeys : The Series .
An Ekans appeared in JN033 .
In Pokémon Origins
In File 1 : Red , an Ekans was one of the Pokémon seen in Professor Oak 's introduction .
An Ekans appeared in File 3 : Giovanni .
In the manga
In The Electric Tale of Pikachu manga
Jessie 's Arbok first appeared as an Ekans in Pikachu's Excellent Adventure .
In the Magical Pokémon Journey manga
Main article : Ekans Brothers
A pair of Ekans known as the Ekans Brothers are part of the supporting cast in Magical Pokémon Journey .
Led by Arbok , they are originally antagonists , but later befriend the main characters when Arbok gets a crush on Wigglytuff .
In the Pocket Monsters HGSS Jō's Big Adventure manga
An Ekans appeared in JBA4 , under the ownership of a Team Rocket Grunt .
In the Pokémon Adventures manga
Ekans debuted in Go for the Golbat , under the ownership of Koga .
It appeared on his arm .
An Ekans appeared in a flashback in Growing Out of Gengar , where it was driven away from its home after the Power Plant had been abandoned .
Harry of the Team Rocket Elite Trio has an Ekans , which first appeared in The Coming of Slowpoke ( Eventually ) .
A Team Rocket Grunt in Johto owns an Ekans , as seen in Sneasel Sneak Attack .
An Ekans was one of the Pokémon pitted against Gold when he offered to help out at the Day Care near Goldenrod City in Quilava Quandary .
An Ekans appeared in The Final Battle IV , where it was one of the Pokémon that helped Emerald with his disabilities .
Team Skull Grunts were seen with an Ekans in Flash and Cosmog 's Secret .
In the Pokémon Gold & Silver : The Golden Boys manga
An Ekans appeared in The New Pokémon Is Hatched !!.
In the Pokémon Gotta Catch ' Em All manga
An Ekans appeared in GDZ21 .
An Ekans appeared in GDZ23 .
An Ekans appeared in GDZ27 .
An Ekans appeared in GDZ34 .
In the Pokémon Pocket Monsters manga
An Ekans appeared in Catch That Pokémon Thief !!.
An Ekans appeared in Marill 's Special Training to Surpass Pikachu !!.
An Ekans appeared in To the Dragon 's Den !!.
In the Pokémon Ranger the Comic : Double Mission manga
An Ekans appeared in Pokémon Ranger the Comic : Double Mission Episode Two as one of the Pokémon that Solana captured with her Capture Styler .
It reappeared in Pokémon Ranger the Comic : Double Mission Episode Four and was released in Pokémon Ranger the Comic : Double Mission Episode Five .
In the Pokémon Zensho manga
An Ekans appeared in a fantasy in PZ01 .
In the TCG
In the TFG
One Ekans figure has been released .
Game data
NPC appearances
Pokémon Mystery Dungeon : Ekans is a member of Team Meanies .
It attempted to climb Wish Cave with Medicham but collapsed on the first floor .
Pokédex entries
Game locations
In side games
In events
Held items
Stats
Base stats
Pokéathlon stats
Type effectiveness
Learnset
Generation VIII
Other generations : I - II - III - IV - V - VI - VII
This Pokémon is unavailable within Generation VIII .
Click on the generation numbers above to see Ekans 's learnsets from other generations .
Side game data
Evolution
Sprites
Trivia
In the Pokémon Red and Blue beta , Ekans was originally known as " Arbo " , its romanized Japanese name .
In early official art of Ekans , all of the bands on its body were colored yellow instead of just the one on its " neck " .
This was changed in later art .
An Ekans was originally going to be featured in Pokémon Snap , as shown in an early test shot of an environment that was never featured in the final product .
This is also true of its evolution , Arbok .
Ekans is one of fourteen Pokémon that one can collect foreign Pokédex entries for in Pokémon Diamond and Pearl .
Ekans has never been scanned with a Pokédex in the anime , despite debuting in the second episode of the original series .
As such , this makes it the Pokémon with the most episodes aired after its debut without it getting a Pokédex entry .
Origin
Ekans appears to be based on various snakes .
Its venomous bite and tail rattle are similar to rattlesnakes , while its lack of visible teeth and diet of eggs are similar to egg - eating snakes .
The single yellow stripe around its neck is reminiscent of the ring - necked snake , and the line connecting its eyes makes its face resemble the marking on the back of the Indian cobra 's hood .
Its ability to learn Glare may be inspired by the legendary basilisk - a venomous , serpentine dragon said to be able to kill people with its stare .
This may also explain Ekans ' placement in the Dragon Egg Group .
Name origin
Ekans may be snake spelled backwards .
Arbo may be a shortening of its evolution 's name , Arbok ( which is cobra spelled backwards ) .
It also contains an anagram of ボア boa .
In other languages
Language Title Meaning Japanese アーボ Arbo Shortening of Arbok or a partial anagram of ボア boa French Abo Anagram of boa Spanish Ekans Same as English name German Rettan Natter spelled backwards Italian Ekans Same as English name Korean 아보 Abo Anagram of 보아 boa Cantonese Chinese 阿柏蛇 Ábaaksèh Transliteration of the Japanese name , with the character for " snake " added at the end Mandarin Chinese 阿柏蛇 Ābóshé Transliteration of the Japanese name , with the character for " snake " added at the end More languages Hebrew אקנס Ekans Transcription of English name Hindi एक्नस Ekans Transcription of English name Lithuanian Ekansas From English name Russian Эканс Ekans Transcription of English name Thai อาร์โบ Arbo Transcription of trademarked Japanese name
Related articles
The war is on to control your mind
Welcome to the ( censored ) club
Censorship is not okay in a free society
The seeds of tyranny
( Natural News )
As CNN is now reporting , the U.S. government has issued a new rule that would make it a felony crime for any journalist , reporter , blogger or photographer to approach any oil cleanup operation , equipment or vessel in the Gulf of Mexico .
Anyone caught is subject to arrest , a $ 40,000 fine and prosecution for a federal felony crime .
CNN reporter Anderson Cooper says , Watch the video clip yourself at NaturalNews .
TV : http://naturalnews.tv/v.asp?v=203
The rule , of course , is designed to restrict the media 's access to cleanup operations in order to keep images of oil - covered seabirds off the nation 's televisions .
With this , the Gulf Coast cleanup operation has now entered a weirdwhere the news is shaped , censored and controlled by the government in order to prevent the public from learning the truth about what 's really happening in the Gulf .
If all this sounds familiar , it 's because the U.S. government uses this same tactic during every war .
The first casualty of war , as they say , is the truth .
There are lots of war images the government does n't want you to see ( like military helicopter pilots shooting up Reuters photographers while screaming " Yee - Haw ! " over the comm radios ) , and there are other images they do want you to see ( " surgical strike " explosions from " smart " bombs , which makes it seem like the military is doing something useful ) .
So war reporting is carefully monopolized by the government to deliver precisely the images they want you to see while censoring everything else .
Now the same Big Brother approach is being used in the Gulf of Mexico : Criminalize journalists , censor the story and try to keep the American people ignorant of what 's really happening .
It 's just the latest tactic from a government that no longer even recognizes the U.S. Constitution or its Bill of Rights .
Because the very first right is , which absolutely includes the right to walk ontoand take photographs of something happening out in the open , on public waters .
It is one of the most basic rights of our citizens and our press .
But now the Obama administration has stripped away those rights , transforming journalists into criminals .
Now , we might expect something like this from Chavez , or Castro or even the communist leaders of China , but here in the United States , we 've all been promised we lived in " the land of the free . "
Obama apparently does not subscribe to that philosophy anymore ( if he ever did ) .
So how does criminalizing journalists equate to " land of the free ? "
It does n't , obviously .
Forget freedom .
( Your government already has . )
This is aboutto make sure you do n't visually see the truth of what the oil industry has done to your oceans , your shorelines and your beaches .
This is all about keeping you ignorant with aof the real story of what 's happening in the Gulf .
The real story , you see , is just too ugly .
And the government has fracked up the cleanup effort to such a ridiculous extent that instead of the " transparency " they once promised , they 're now resorting to the threat of arrest for all journalists who try to get close enough to cover the story .
Yes , this is happening right now in America .
This is n't a hoax .
I know , it sounds more like something you might hear about in Saudi Arabia , or Venezuela or some other nation run by dictators .
But now it 's happening right here in the USA .
As Anderson Cooper reported on CNN : See the video yourself at : http://naturalnews.tv/v.asp?v=203
All I can say to CNN is : This kind of censorship , intimidation and tyranny has been going on for decades in the field of health , where the Orwellian FDA has treated the entire U.S. public to a nationwide blackout on truthful health information about healing foods and nutritional supplements .
CNN has never covered that story , by the way .
Most of the mainstream media has , in fact , gone right along with censorship of truthful health information by the FDA and FTC .
Now they 're suddenly crying wolf .
But where was the media when the FDA was raiding nutritional supplement companies and arresting people who dared to sell healing foods with honest descriptions about how they might help protect your health ?
The media went right along with the cover - up and never bothered to even tell its viewers a cover - up was taking place .
You see , even CNN is willing to tolerate some Orwellian censorship , as long as its advertisers are okay with it .
The only reason they 're talking about censorship in the Gulf of Mexico right now is because oil companies do n't influence enough of their advertising budget to yank the story .
I like the fact that CNN is finding the courage to speak up now about this censorship in the Gulf , but I wish they would n't stay silent on the other media blackouts in which they have long participated .
Media censorship is bad for any nation , and it should be challenged regardless of the topic at hand .
When the media is not allowed to report the truth on a subject -- any subject ! -- the nation suffers some loss as a result .
Without the light of media scrutiny , corporations and government will get away with unimaginable crimes against both humanity and nature .
That 's what 's happening right now in the Gulf of Mexico : AObama does n't want you to see that crime .
He 's covering it up to the benefit of BP .
He 's keeping you in the dark by threatening reporters and photographers with arrest .
How 's that for " total transparency ?
"
The only thing transparent here is that President Barack Obama has violated his own oath of office by refusing to defend the Constitution .
By any honest measure , in fact , these actions , which are endorsed by the White House , stand in direct violation of the U.S. Constitution .
And that means this new censorship rule in the Gulf , which suspends the First Amendment , is unconstitutional .
It also means those who decided on this rule are They are the ones who should be arrested and hauled off to federal prison , not the CNN reporters who are trying to cover this story .
The loss of life in the Gulf of Mexico is n't the only catastrophe taking place here , you see :
Now we 're losing our freedoms while our government tries to intentionally blind us all from the truth of what 's happening on our own public beaches .
When those who seek truth are branded criminals by the government , it is only a matter of time before that government expands its criminalization labeling to include anyone who disagrees with it . , and Obama is planting them at your doorstep right now .
What BP did to the Gulf Coast , Obama is now doing to your freedom .
Published by Sierra Monica P. on June 21 , 2010 under Reviews
The 7 Pipe Pro is an innovative pipe for smoking tobacco and the first that combines a lighter and a glass sidecar in a pipe .
It is the first tobacco pipe that uses a glass bowl , which is characteristic to non-tobacco pipes , and a lighter system featured by regular lighters .
For those who have heard about it , the pipe we have received for review is the latest version of the 7 Pipe .
7 Pipe Pro is based on the original model but comes with several enhancements including the zinc alloy shell that protects the internal components , a redesigned lighting mechanism , increased corrosion resistance based on electroplating , magnetic backing and no moving parts that could break .
Another difference between the two models is that the designers have removed the small mobile stash and now you can find it inside the pipe after removing the magnetic backing .
In the box :
The 7 Pipe Pro comes in a glossy black box with the glass sidecar , two mouthpieces in different sizes and shapes , several O -rings and a cleaning brush for the glass tube .
I would have preferred to find some instructions inside this nice box , but the pipe is very easy to assemble so I ca n’t complain .
Besides this , when you purchase it you get the instructions manual .
Design :
What I like at the 7 Pipe Pro is that , thanks to the smart design , it suits both men and women , unlike traditional pipes that look so masculine .
It is small , fitting a pocket or a small purse , and it ’s also stylish , coming in black , silver , blue and gray .
It also features a compact construction so it is hard to break .
When I first took the 7 Pipe Pro in my hand I was surprised to feel it a bit heavy , but this is an useful feature if you do n’t want to drop it easily .
Mine is black and has a blue protective cover on the back that can be easily removed to reveal the metallic finish , as you can see in the images .
Preparing the pipe :
Before assembling the pipe by inserting the glass sidecar and attaching the preferred mouthpiece , you have to fill it .
This was maybe the hardest part of this review because I had no experience with pipes or with filling lighters .
These days it ’s hard to find places where someone refills lighters so I had to ask other people and look on the Internet to find some clues .
Things got easier when I read that the 7 Pipe Pro uses common Butane gas like all lighters and you can find it in most stores .
The gas comes in spray tubes and it ’s also cheap .
You have the refilling instructions on the spray tube and it ’s not hard to use it at home .
That ’s exactly what I did .
I bought a gas tube for about $ 3 and refilled the pipe through the refilling valve , following the instructions .
After finishing with refilling I noticed that I can use the pipe only with my right hand but I guess that ’s not a big problem if you are left - handed .
Using the 7 Pipe Pro :
Using the pipe is simple .
The smoker has to remove the metallic cover to reveal the glass bowl in which goes a bit of tobacco from the stash .
Holding the pipe with the right hand the user has to press the right button with the thumb to light the pipe while blocking the end of the glass tube with the index finger .
The flame ignites the tobacco in the bowl .
Whenever the user wants to inhale he / she has to press the button like when using a regular lighter .
When done smoking the user can remove the ash from the glass bowl or cover it directly with the metal cover .
The pipe can then be stored inside a pocket or placed on the table .
Check the three videos we made for you :
You can find the 7 Pipe Pro as well as extra glass sidecars at Pipe Shopping at a price of $ 72 and you can read more about the pipe on the official website .
Tags : glass
Los Angeles , California ( CNN ) --
Hollywood 's superhero community buzzed after Batman 's arrest Wednesday , just days after Spiderman , Cat Woman and at least a dozen others were taken into custody by Los Angeles police .
It 's part of a police crackdown on unlicensed costumed characters who pose for photos with tourists near Grauman 's Chinese
Theatre while hoping for -- but not demanding -- small tips .
" It 's un-American , " said Joe McQueen , an actor who has made his living for the past 10 years wearing an Incredible Hulk costume .
" I feel like we 're being bullied , dude . "
Hollywood Boulevard was clear of the characters but filled with tourists Thursday .
Actors usually in costume wore street clothes fearing police would arrest them otherwise .
" Tourists are going ' Where are all the characters ? ' " said Christopher Dennis , a mild - mannered actor who has portrayed Superman for 19 years .
Like Superman , Dennis is seen as a powerful figure because he has a level of fame .
He was featured in " Confessions of a Superhero , " a 2007 documentary about the lives and dreams of these street performers .
When Dennis donned his tights and cape for short visit to the boulevard Thursday afternoon , he was the only character there .
Tourists from around the world , including France , Germany and South Korea , swarmed around him for photos .
Dennis was emboldened by TV cameras following him , knowing if police did arrest him at least the world would see .
Los Angeles police did not respond to several requests for an interview about the crackdown .
The sweep began Friday night when police handcuffed actors dressed as Donald Duck , Cat Woman , Freddy Krueger , Mr. Incredible , Bumblebee ( from the Transformers movies ) and Edward Scissorhands .
The Scissorhands character was let go , but at least eight others were hauled off to the Hollywood jail on loitering charges .
Struggling actors survive on the tips while pursuing their dreams of stardom .
Their numbers have grown in recent months along with the complaints that some were strong - arming tourists for tips .
" It just takes a few bad apples to make the whole barrel go rotten , ' " said Michael Jackson impersonator Mitchell Schonbrener .
He was arrested for loitering near Jackson 's Hollywood Walk of Fame star Saturday night .
" I thought I 'd just dance and have fun , just enjoy myself , " the 25 - year - old Missouri native said .
" I was n't asking for tips . "
Police told Schonberner , who has been performing on the sidewalk for two years , they 've gotten " multiple complaints against you from businesses and the security , " he said .
He denied breaking the law against pressuring tourists for money .
" I tell them ' Just to let you know , tips are greatly appreciated , ' " he said .
" Half the time I do n't even ask for a tip . "
Schonbrener was freed from jail the next morning with a court date and a warning .
" They said ' You 'd better not go back out or you will be arrested and held , ' " Schonbrener said .
At least nine others were arrested over the next several days , including Scooby Doo , a Johnny Depp lookalike , an Elvis and another Cat Woman , Dennis said .
They were all charged with loitering , he said .
The Incredible Hulk impersonator Joe McQueen , who starred in the " Confessions " film with Dennis , was there Monday when police rounded up several characters for arrest .
Although he was detained , they later released McQueen without a charge , he said .
" I did n't break no law , " McQueen said .
" As far as a loitering charge is concerned , this is a public street .
That 's un-American . "
When police let him go , it was with a warning .
" They told me ' Let everybody else know from here on out that if we catch anybody out here in a costume , we 're going to arrest you , ' " McQueen said .
Batman impersonator Tony Tomey was not bowed .
He showed up Wednesday afternoon " to make a statement so people can see that this is unfair , " McQueen said .
Within minutes , an LAPD squad car pulled up in front of the Madame Tussauds Wax Museum , and Tomey was handcuffed and taken to jail .
He was still locked up Thursday afternoon , according to LAPD records .
The Superman and Incredible Hulk imitators both said street cops have told them the crackdown was ordered " from upstairs . "
" They would n't tell me who the people upstairs are , " McQueen said .
" I 'm not going to give up until we finally figure out who the powers are that put the orders down , and I have some type of reason . "
Some of the actors are talking about organizing a protest , he said .
" It 's sad to see how this is happening right now , because this is our best time of the year , " he said .
Hit the ← or → key to navigate to other images
Worst Touchdown Celebration Ever
Pow , right in the kisser …. sort of :
Full video below :
Pow , right in the kisser …. sort of :
Full video below :
Hit the ← or → key to navigate to other images
China 's stockmarket has slid 26 per cent this year , making it one of the world 's worst performing markets and raising questions whether authorities may take action to prevent the market from tumbling much more sharply .
A crackdown on the country 's red - hot real estate sector combined with a money market squeeze due to a flood of share issuances - including Agricultural Bank of China 's record $ 26 billion offer - have driven the Shanghai Composite Index to 15 - month lows .
The government , already facing rising worker unrest , high property prices and inflation concerns , will likely want to avoid drawing the ire of Chinese investors watching their savings dwindle in the country 's volatile market .
But so far the market drop is not severe enough to prompt action .
Below are some scenarios on how officials may intervene against a further market drop .
Chinese officials have historically taken measures in the stockmarket , both to limit big surges and slides .
No intervention - very likely
Unless the index falls below 2200 points from the 2,413 level at midday on Thursday , Chinese authorities are unlikely to do anything to stop the market from falling , analysts said .
Officials may also be happy to have taken the steam out of the stockmarket in the past year by unleashing IPOs and cracking down on the money going into the stockmarket , especially from bank lending .
In the first half of 2009 , the Shanghai market soared more than 60 per cent .
After the property market restrictions prompted household investors - the biggest force in the market - to shed shares , tight money market conditions have only made things worse .
The benchmark money market rates have soared as banks have had trouble raising funds due to the squeeze , limiting the ability of investors to borrow and forcing them to dump shares to raise cash .
But analysts are confident for now that the market can absorb the incoming rights issues without sliding to levels that would make officials nervous .
Now that AgBank 's blockbuster issue is just over , some of the money that failed to win in the subscription process is expected to go back into stocks .
AgBank has also given confidence to the other major state - owned banks about raising funds now .
In the past few days Bank of China and Industrial and Commercial Bank of China are both reported to be preparing rights issues , but the news has made few waves in the shares - suggesting investors have expected these funding needs .
Light intervention - likely
A drop in the Shanghai Composite below the 15 - month low of 2319 hit this week and towards 2200 points may prompt authorities to consider taking modest steps to boost the market .
Possible steps include a slowing of IPO approvals to ease liquidity pressures and potentially spreading them out so the market can more easily absorb new share listings .
Chinese firms siphoned off around 450 billion yuan ( $ 75.6 billion ) from the stockmarket via initial public offerings , rights issues and new share issues in the first half of the year .
About 60 to 70 firms are now on a waiting list to issue shares , with the total amount of money to be drained from the market by corporate fundraising via stocks expected to reach 800 billion yuan this year , analysts estimate .
" If the market starts to get out of control the authorities will start to examine the situation , " said an equity analyst at a Chinese brokerage in Shanghai .
Another option is the People 's Bank of China injecting more liquidity into the money markets via its open market operations .
The Chinese central bank has injected a hefty nearly 900 billion yuan into money markets over the past seven weeks to help ease the cash crunch , caused mainly by the AgBank IPO and indirectly hitting shares .
Raising the stamp duty for stock sellers is another method , but analysts say this would be largely symbolic and not result in swift gains for stocks .
Beijing exempts share purchases from the stamp tax but levies a duty of 0.1 per cent on stock sale transactions .
Heavy intervention - very unlikely
Analysts say authorities are unlikely to take more severe measures like suspending IPOs or directly buying up stakes in large state - owned banks and companies .
They may instead use state funds , such as Central Huijin , to purchase shares indirectly .
A suspension of IPOs would also be detrimental to strong fund demand from major Chinese companies and official efforts to push companies to rely more on markets for fundraising .
At the same time , analysts say the government does not wish to project the impression that it is directly intervening in market activities .
Beijing is pushing on many different fronts to modernise the country 's markets and has even backed away from direct day - to - day intervention on the yuan after ditching the currency 's peg to the US dollar last month .
Reuters
It 's an unspoken problem within surgery - patients are suffering vascular damage during the procedure that often proves fatal .
One surgeon , practising at the Royal Berkshire Hospital in Reading , UK , has highlighted the problem by opening up his casebook covering the last 21 years .
During this time , 71 per cent of the patients with vascular damage were the victims of doctor error .
Most of the accidents happened during an angioplasty operation .
The patients lived for an average of seven years after sustaining the damage .
( Source : World Journal of Surgery , 2010 ; 4 June 2010 ; e-published ahead of print ) .
Matchmaking distinguishes between games in progress and games in the briefing
Updated Hammer ’s simple compile options
Fixed fast reload sounds and incidental marine conversations
Updates to Alien Swarm have been released .
The updates will be applied automatically when your Steam client is restarted .
The major changes include :
Support for the NCP , in contrast , has crept up from the 20.5 per cent measured between May and June to 22.1 per cent , its highest reading in a poll by the daily since April 2012 .
The National Coalition ( NCP ) has convinced the public of the merits of its policies more successfully than the Centre and the Finns Party , suggests the fact that voter support for the opposition parties has slipped according to a recent poll by Helsingin Sanomat .
Yet , the popularity was not exactly obvious on Sunday as Heikki Aittojoki , the deputy chairperson of a Helsinki - based NCP organisation , stood alone by an NCP tent at Ylä - Malmi Marketplace .
“ One went to church and the other left his mobile phone home , ” he explained the absence of his comrades .
He did , however , have time to contemplate the reasons for the recent resurgence of the NCP , concluding that “ smart , young ” leaders are responsible for the upward trend .
Juhani Pehkonen , a research director at TNS Gallup , estimates that the reason for the popularity is that the NCP and its newly - appointed chairperson , Prime Minister Alexander Stubb , have managed to hold on to the media limelight during the summer .
The newly - appointed Minister of Finance , Antti Rinne of the Social Democrats ( SDP ) , has contrastively failed to inspire a resurgence of party support , with the poll showing that support for the SDP continues to stand at 14.9 per cent .
The resurgence of the NCP and its success in May 's European elections are both attributable to the same phenomenon : low voter turnout .
While the same also applies to the Left Alliance , its support rating has increased from the 7.5 to 9.3 per cent over the past roughly six months largely as a result of its withdrawal from the Government .
Another dramatic change in the poll is the fact that voter support for the Finns Party has slid to its two - year nadir of 15.9 per cent .
Timo Soini , the chairperson of the opposition party , has not been particularly visible and , at the time of the poll , expressed his support for the air strikes conducted by Israel in Gaza in an interview with Helsingin Sanomat .
In contrast , Juha Sipilä , the chairperson of the Centre , has seen support for his party surge from 13.2 per cent in the previous parliamentary elections to as high as 23 per cent late last year .
This year , however , support for the opposition party has declined , first to 20.3 per cent in May — June and then to 19.9 per cent in July — August .
Similarly to Soini , Sipilä has not made any notable contributions to the national debate .
Teemu Luukka , Juha Roppola – HS
Aleksi Teivainen – HT
© HELSINGIN SANOMAT
Photo : Rio Gandara
Robin
Ince is one of the UK's most accomplished , versatile comedians with a string of awards and media appearances to his name .
He was the Chortle award winner in 2009 and won the Time Out award for Outstanding Achievement in Comedy for his show The Book Club , which was also nominated for a British Comedy award and hailed by the Observer as " the outstanding literary event of the Edinburgh Festival " .
" Life on the road has taken me the length and breadth of the country and has allowed me to spend many an afternoon scouring second - hand bookshops , turning the yellowed pages of classics such as What would Jesus Eat ? , rummaging through jumble sales , and even the odd skip , constantly on the search for the best of the truly bad .
Over the last five years , my love of misguided guides and peripheral poetry pamphlets has bordered on obsession , in fact my tattered collection of " killer crab " novels currently stands taller than my child .
This is my top 10 today , tomorrow it might include Mills & Boon 's Rash Intruder or God is for Real , Man . "
1. Sign of the Speculum by Jessica Russell Gaver
First , this is one of the most enigmatic titles on my bookshelf , at first suggesting a sequel to David Cronenberg 's Dead Ringers .
Actually , it is a romantic fiction that is also an ethical guide .
What should you do if you are a Christian in love with your gynaecologist ?
The gynaecologist love story is one of the smaller genres in the broad world of romantic fiction .
2. Temptation in a Private Zoo by Anthony Dekker
This goes in the top 10 predominantly for its fantastic title .
It is a spy thriller with a little bit of bear - baiting and a brief critique on how to spoil a dinner party by offering after - dinner mints .
It was found in the compendium Man's Book – books especially compiled for " the rugged reading tastes of men " .
3. Major Major by Terry Major - Ball
This is the delightful autobiography of John Major 's older brother .
It is an image of an England seen predominantly in Ealing films .
Terry fears women and Butlins , though comes to like them both .
He knows how to make a cooked breakfast in the microwave too and he 'll tell you how .
Remember to prick the egg yolk before microwaving though , or it will explode .
4. The Twentieth Plane : A Psychic Revelation by Albert Durrant Watson
An early 20th - century psychic , with the help of his deceased mother , has some conversations with Edgar Allan Poe , Byron , Shelley and other dead notables .
This is non-fiction .
5. Crabs on the Rampage ( and the other five ) by Guy N Smith
Guy N Smith has written many horror books , but he is best known for his crabs series , chronicling the pipe - smoking crustacean adventures of Cliff Davenport , on the Welsh coast .
A lurid mix of gore , some sex and moral lessons .
Moral lesson number one , do n't go swimming with your mistress : your adultery will lead to death by claw .
6 . The Book of the Netherland Dwarf by Denise Cumpsty
A petcare guide book which has the reputation of a mystical tome created by HP Lovecraft that may open a portal to hell , populated by very small rabbits .
Contains the most idiosyncratic drawings of the human hand holding scared rabbits .
7. Elvis : His Life and Times in Poetry and Lines by Joan B West
Who could n't love a slim collection of poems about Elvis from one of his brethren ?
What it lacks in traditional poetic skill it more than makes up for in passion for its subject .
A strange beauty , enhanced by the delightful painting of Elvis on the cover .
8. Godless by Ann Coulter
If you want to know just how misguided anti-evolutionists can be and how determined to be stupid they are , Ann is a good start as she mulls on why , if evolution does exist , a worm does n't evolve into a beagle and how there are n't any transitional fossils ( apart from the ever - increasing collection of them ) .
A magnificent view of what happens to your mind if you never let facts get in the way of it .
9 . The Secrets of Picking up Sexy Girls by ??
A guide for the frustrated man who just can't seem to pick up a sexy girl .
Find out the advantages and disadvantages of rutting in a railway siding , why lesbians and OAPs are the same thing , how to spot a wig and why bras are bad .
10 . How to Marry the Man of your Choice by Margaret Kent
The other side of The Secrets of Picking up Sexy Girls , Margaret will help women find a man to marry by persuading them to work in shoe sales or boat repair and reminding us that long fingernails " do not appeal to men " .
Long fingernails suggest to a man that the woman is " unwilling to do household chores and is unavailable for recreational activities " .
Charlie Chaplin
Michael Rennie
The Day the Earth Stood Still Born at home near Bradford ,
Yorkshire in 1909
David McCallum
The Man from U.N.C.U.T .
Donald Sutherland
M*A*S*H
( See also Alan Alda )
The circumcision rate in Canada varies , but is generally much lower than the US .
Marcello Mastroianni
La Dolce Vita
John Inman
" I 'm free ! "
Are You Being Served ?
" My friend who works at the BBC
has seen naked photos of him . "
- a correspondent
Barry Morse
The Fugitive
Space : 1999 Cast as Israeli Prime Minister Menachim Begin in the miniseries Sadat he joked with the producers : " Well , I just hope there are no nude scenes , because then it 'll be a matter of ' where ignorance is bris ' . " - from his memoir " Remember with Advantages " pp 211-2
Three Bonds :
From Russia With Love Sir Sean Connery : Doctor , no !
Highlander
And his son Jason
Pierce Brosnan
Remington Steele
The Thomas Crown Affair
The World Is Not Enough
Tomorrow Never Dies
" ... or are you just glad to see me ? "
Daniel Craig
Casino Royale ( 2006 )
I , Lucifer
His Dark Materials : the Golden Compass
The Invasion
Lara Croft : Tomb Raider
Road to Perdition photo © Paramount
He appears nude in Love is the Devil .
At least eight Time Lords ...
1
William
Hartnell
2
Patrick
Troughton
3
Jon Pertwee
4
Tom Baker
5
Peter
Davison
6
Colin Baker
7
Sylvester
McCoy
8
Paul
McGann
9
Christopher
Eccleston
10
David
Tennant
11
Matt
Smith
12
Peter
Capaldi Christopher Eccleston appeared nude as John Lennon in " Naked Lennon "
and in season 2 episode 5 of " The Leftovers "
David Tennant appears nude on these pages ( NSFW )
Matt Smith has appeared nude on screen .
There is some dispute about Tom Baker ,
but he appears nude in Pasolini's " The Canterbury Tales "
and is shown as circumcised .
Information on the remaining Drs Who would be welcomed .
... three Companions ... ... and a Companion 's boyfriend ...
Matthew Waterhouse
The Killing Edge
Mark Strickson
Advanced Warriors
Lust in Space - " Let 's just say he showed me " - a fan
Bruno Langley
Coronation St
Noel Clarke
Mickey
Auf Wiedersehen , Pet
Heartless
Adulthood " I know from personal experience . "
- a correspondent
... and one Time Agent .
John Barrowman
Dr Who
Torchwood
De-Lovely
Titans
Phantom of the Opera
Hair Scottish - born , his family moved to the US when he was 8 .
He returned to live in the UK recently .
Explaining why he is an exhibitionist :
" Do you know what it is ?
I think , if you 've got a psychogist in , they can explain it .
When I was a kid , and we moved to America , and I remember , I went to school and I was having , ( giggles ) I do n't know if I can talk , I 've never told this story before , I was having a pee , in the boys ' bathroom , and in America , they do n't cir - uh , they do circumcise everybody , all young men .
And , and being born in this country , I was n't circumcised , and I remember this young boy looking over to me and saying .
" Oh my God , Barrowman 's got a funny penis ! " so from that point on , I could - - you 're going to - ( stumbles , the hosts interrupt ) I 'm totally serious , no , this is , what I , I had a thing , a fear of changing [ i.e. changing my clothes in front of other people ] ... "
( The host interrupts and changes the subject . ) the BBC This Morning show .
Scott [ Gill , an architect ] , my civil partner , is British .
I think I prefer British men to American men .
British men have changed over the past few years .
They are beginning to take care of themselves and hell , nothing beats a foreskin .
A lot of Americans are snipped at birth , Jewish or not .
" What I know about men " Guardian , September 7,2008
Russell Tovey
Doctor Who ( Voyage of the Damned , 2007 )
The History Boys
Being Human
Looking
You go completely naked then ?
They do n't try to cover you up ?
" You see my arse a lot and a lot of me cupping my balls .
Because I 'm playing a Jew and I 'm not actually Jewish , I think [ showing everything ] would give it away .
I 'm not going to go that far for method ! "
Digital Spy
Harry Lloyd
Doctor Who ( Family of Blood , Human Nature , 2007 )
Robin Hood ( Will Scarlett )
Oscar and Jim " I went to school with him at Eton . " - a correspondent
Dursley McLinden
Doctor Who ( Remembrance of the Daleks , 1988 )
The Phantom of the Opera
The Diamond Brothers
Mr Bean
Gigi " I 'm from the Isle of Man . I attended school with [ him ] .
Dursley like all Manxmen was uncircumcised .
We 're like the Brits and Irish about circumcision .
We do n't do it .
The only ones here who do are Jews and Muslims . "
- a correspondent
Jonas Armstrong
Robin Hood
Book of Blood Appears nude in Book of Blood
Peter O'Toole
Lawrence of Arabia
Kenneth Branagh
Valkyrie
Othello
Hamlet
Henry V - has appeared nude in films
Michael Caine
" What 's It All About ? "
Alfie
The Ipcress File
Educating Rita - has acknowledged being intact in interviews
Rupert Graves
Different for Girls
Room with a View
Another Country
Maurice
Robson Green
Rocket Man
Like Father Like Son
Reckless : The Movie
The Student Prince
Soldier Soldier
Casualty
Gary Oldman
The Dark Knight
Batman Begins
Legend of Spyro ( 2 )
Harry Potter and ... ( 3 )
Prick Up Your Ears -
On the ABC show ' The View ' ,
Oldman mentions being intact .
Mr. Alfredson , nodding : “ We had this idea that if this film [ Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy ( 2011 ) ] would have a smell , it would be damp tweed .
If it would have a color , it would be pale foreskin . ”
“ Not my foreskin !
Do n’t put that in the paper , ” Mr. Oldman said .
( He added , deadpan : “ And the auditions for that were extensive . ” )
The Carpetbagger , December 2 , 2011
James Purefoy
Rome
Women Talking Dirty
The Wedding Tackle
A Knight 's Tale
Resident Evil Appears nude in Rome
and Women Talking Dirty
Tobias Menzies
Rome
Casino Royale
Pulling Appears nude in Rome
Rutger Hauer
Blade Runner
His only cut was the director's .
Marty Feldman
Group Madness
In God We Trust
Every Home Should Have One
Young Frankenstein ( " Blücher ! " )
" I am [ culturally ] gay , though I have never [ had sex with ] a man ;
I am a Jew , though I have a foreskin . "
Geoffrey Hughes
Heartbeat
The Royle Family
Keeping Up Appearances ( Onslow )
Three Jedi knights : ( The foreskin is with them . )
Sir Alec Guinness
Star Wars IV , V , VI
Dr Zhivago
Lawrence of Arabia
The Bridge on the River Kwai
Kind Hearts and Coronets
Liam Neeson
Kinsey
Schindler 's List
Star Wars I
Ewan McGregor
Trainspotting
The Pillow Book
Star Wars I
Young Adam " They 're a bit worried about willies in the States ,
they are a bit worried about seeing my old chap . " - on the removal of a full - frontal scene from Young Adam
The Scotsman , Sept 18 , 2003 [ Ain't it the truth ! ]
Saucy actress ROSARIO DAWSON is a big fan
of EWAN McGREGOR 'S oft - displayed penis .
The SIDEWALKS OF NEW YORK beauty - who
recently dated Irish movie hunk COLIN FARRELL -
admits she is deeply impressed by the TRAINSPOTTING
star 's manhood .
Rosie gushes , " I love Ewan McGregor .
He 's got a
beautiful penis !
I 'm like : ' Yeah , man , uncircumcised ! '
That 's nice . "
- contactmusic.com , 20 April 2004
I practically credit Ewan McGregor
for my darling boy 's happy intactness ..
never even heard of not circ'ing
until he started strutting around !! ...
since he is SO public about his intact state ,
I questioned , for the first time in my family going back decades ,
I 'm sure , WHY we do this ...
I researched it and found a few of the reasons why ,
and thankfully all before I gave birth to my beautifully intact son ...
I should really write him and thank him on my son's behalf !
- Lizzie on www.mothering.com
And the voice of Darth Vader .
No surprises here : European stars
Gerard Depardieu
1900
1492
XXL
and 168 others
And his son Guillaume
Louis Garrel
Ceci est mon corps
( This Is My Body )
Un lever de rideau
( A Curtain Raiser ) - appears nude in
The Dreamers
Ma mère
and Dans Paris
Götz Otto
Schinlder 's List
Downfall
Tomorrow Never Dies
Iron Sky
- appears nude in Season 25 , Ep 4
of Polizieruf 110 : Kleine Dealer , große Träume
Jean - Louis Coullo'ch
( or Coulloc'h )
Lady Chatterley
Gilles Marini
Sex and the City
2 Broke Girls Appears nude in Sex and the City ( NSFW )
Károly Hajduk
The Field Guide to Evil Appears nude in The Field Guide To Evil : The Cobbler 's Lot
Pierre Chatagny
Garçon Stupide ( Stupid Boy ) Appears nude
( washing his penis in closeup )
Pierre Deladonchamps
Stranger by the Lake Appears nude at length
in Stranger by the Lake
Henrik Norberg
Naken Appears nude in Naken
The English Patient Ralph
Shakespeare in Love and Joseph Fiennes
Ralph is the eldest
of five brothers ,
including Joseph
and his twin , Jacob .
Anthony Hopkins
as John Harvey Kellogg in
The Road to Wellville
The World 's Fastest Indian Harvey Stephens
The Omen ( 1976 )
The Omen ( 2006 )
- " I was mates with him during my schooldays "
- a correspondent
Malcolm McDowell
if ...
Richard Warwick
if ...
Sebastiane
A Fine Romance ( TV ) He appears nude in Sebastiane
Peter Hinwood
Sebastiane
The Rocky Horror Picture Show ( title role )
Adventures of Ulysses ( as Hermes , TV ) Nude photographs are online
John Hamill
Travels with my Aunt
The National Health
Trog ( with Joan Crawford ! )
Crossroads ( TV ) He posed nude as a physique model
when acting was short .
Two Hughs
Hugh Grant
Dr Who and the Curse of Fatal Death
Four Weddings and a Funeral
The Lair of the White Worm
Sense and Sensibility
Restoration
Hugh Laurie
House ( TV )
101 Dalmations
Stuart Little
Sense and Sensibility
Black Adder
... and his sidekick
Jesse Spencer
House ( TV )
Flourish
Swimming Upstream
He appears nude in
Death in Holy Orders
Five X - Men
Sir Ian McKellen
Magneto
Lord of the Rings ( Gandalf )
Gods and Monsters
Richard III
Six Degrees of Separation Appears nude
in a documentary about his work
and on stage in King Lear
Patrick Stewart
Xavier
Star Trek
The Water Warriors
“ All my life I believed that I was circumcised , ” he said .
His wife begged to differ ; when he asked his physician in Los Angeles recently to resolve the issue , the doctor sided with her .
He worked this misunderstanding into an episode of his US sitcom , Blunt Talk NY Times , August 19 , 2015 and
James Marsden
Clycops
Hugh Jackman
Wolverine
Van Helsing
Standing Room Only
Swordfish
Alan Cumming
Nightcrawler
Son of the Mask
White on White
Garfield : The Movie
( voice of Persnikitty )
Investigating Sex
Eyes Wide Shut Does a strongly
pro-intact schtick
on Comedy Central PLAYGIRL :
You ’re becoming the unofficial spokesman for Intact America , it seems .
What is Intact America and why did you get involved ?
ALAN CUMMING : Intact America is an organization that aims to educate people about the foreskin and to stop the unnecessary circumcision of hundreds of thousands of little boys every year .
I just feel very strongly that circumcision is genital mutilation , that we have a foreskin for a reason , that men lose a lot of sensation by not having one , and that it ’s only unthinking tradition that keeps this awful practice going .
Oh , and it can go horribly , horribly wrong .
PG : That leads to the next question :
You must be ... are you cut or uncut ?
AC : I am the proud owner of a great big foreskin , oh yes baby !
PG : While other celebs are embracing Breast Cancer or Do n’t Ask Do n’t Tell , you ’ve chosen Intact America , a lesser - known cause .
Why ?
AC : Well I do support other causes , but ever since I came to America and started to get my penis out in front of people and realized that none of them had ever seen an intact , natural cock , I began to think that something was very , very wrong .
It was nice to hear gasps when I got mine out , but it was not for the reason I ’d like !
Playgirl , December 2010
Other intact stand - up comedians are here .
At least one Hobbit ... ... one Elf ... ... and one Orc
Dominic Monoghan
Lord of the Rings ( Merry )
The Purifiers
Lost
Spivs
Orlando Bloom
The Hobbit & Lord of the Rings ( Legolas )
Pirates of the Caribbean
Troy
Wilde - paparazzi pictures
have been published
Manu Bennett
Crixus in Spartacus ( TV )
Azog in The Hobbit Born in New Zealand
- appears nude in Spartacus and
photorgraphed wearing an " I MY FORESKIN " T - shirt
Four wizards ...
Richard Harris
Harry Potter ( Professor Dumbledore )
Upright Affair
Gladiator
A Man Called Horse
Mutiny on the Bounty Referred to it on TV Daniel Radcliffe
has been removed
- see the FAQ
Robbie Coltrane
Harry Potter ( Hagred )
Robert Pattinson
Harry Potter and the Goblet of Fire
Harry Potter and the Golden Phoenix
New Moon
Twilight
Little Ashes
How to Be
Remember Me
Eclipse
He reportedly mentions it in European papers
Colin Morgan
Merlin
Went naked in a production of
A Prayer For My Daughter
at the Young Vic
... and one Izzard
Eddie Izzard
Red Light Runners
Muraya
A Revenger 's Tragedy
The Cat's Meow ( seen nude on stage in Lenny ,
critics commented on his intactness ,
since Lenny Bruce was Jewish
- but that 's no guarantee . )
Jeremy Northam
An Ideal Husband
Possession
Henry Czerny
Chupacabra
The A - Team
Further Tales of the City
Mission Impossible Canadian born , of Polish descent
" I 've seen him naked in the shower ... "
- a correspondent .
Three equestrians ( The role of Alan Strang in Peter Schaffer 's play Equus has an extensive nude scene . )
Peter Firth - in the first production
and film of Equus
Alfie Owen - Allen - succeeded Daniel Radcliffe in Equus
and appeared nude in Game of Thrones
Khan Chittenden - New Zealand born , appeared in an Australian production of Equus
An Avatar
Sam Worthington
Avatar
Clash of the Titans
Terminator Salvation
New Skin
- reportedly sighted by a fellow actor
( who was not flattering )
Derek Jacobi
A Revenger 's Tragedy
Gosford Park
Gladiator
I , Claudius
Cadfael
The Body
Circle of Deceit
The Statue of Liberty
" Seeing me out [ Noël Coward ] said , ' Derek , could I ask you a very , very personal question ? '
Oh Christ , this is going to be a difficult situation .
He said , ' Are you circumcised ? '
Oh dear , how am I going to get out of this ?
I said , ' No , I 'm not . '
" He said , ' Oh what a great pity . '
I said , ' Why , Noël ? '
He said , ' You are a very , very fine actor but you 'll never be a great actor until you are circumcised . '
' Why ? '
And he just said , ' Freedom , dear boy , freedom . '
I bet he said that to all the boys . "
Daily Telegraph , July 16 , 2002 ... Jacobi was out the door and away .
Next day , he wondered : Noël Coward must know something ... maybe he should check himself into the London Clinic immediately .
He did so want to be a great actor .
As it turned out , he decided to risk it . *
The Guardian , September 19 , 2006 * US readers , this is British irony .
Brits do not consider intactness to be risky .
Rhys Ifans
Hannibal Rising
The Boat that Rocked
Come Here Today
Vanity Fair
The Shipping News
Human Nature
Notting Hill
Dancing at Lughnasa Nude pictures have been sighted .
Almost all Welsh - born men
with Welsh names are intact
Benedict Cumberbatch
Frankenstein
War Horse
Hawking
Creation
Voted sexiest man in the world by readers of The Sun with 7115 votes - more than twice as many as runner - up David Beckham .
Appeared nude in Frankenstein
Vincent Perez
The Queen of the Damned
appears nude in Queen Margot
James Nesbitt
Scoop
Quite Ugly One Morning
Wall of Silence
Bloody Sunday
Lucky Break
Love Lies Bleeding
appears nude in various films
Clive Owen
The Children of Men
Inside Man
The Pink Panther
Sin City
The Bourne Identity
Gosford Park
Bent
Boon
appears nude in various films
Michael Cera
Arrested Development
Juno
Stolen Miracle Born in Ontario
A correspondent's
nephew was
at school with him .
Robert Carlyle
Trainspotting
The Full Monty
Hitler , the Rise of Evil Naveen Andrews
Rollerblade
The Chippendale Murders
The English Patient
Colin Farrell
Alexander
Daredevil
Bullseye
The Recruit
Minority Report
American Outlaws
Love in the 21st Century
Colin Farrell talks about being intact
- Playboy interview
" Farrell talks about ... why he ’s happy about his foreskin .... "
- Times Online , March 25 , 2003
( Registration required )
Hans Matheson
Half Light
The Virgin Queen
Imperium : Nerone
Comfortably Numb
Old Habits Born in Scotland ,
he has appeared nude in several films .
Christian Bale
Rescue Dawn
The New World
Batman Begins
Howl 's Moving Castle
Captain Corelli's Mandolin
Shaft Born in Wales ,
nude pictures of him have been sighted .
Gerard Butler
300
Beowulf and Grendel
Phantom of the Opera
Lara Croft Tomb Raider
Mrs Brown
In Mrs Brown he swims nude with
Billy Connelly .
" Never having been circumcised , I can't say , but all I know is , for me it 's very sensitive . " - to Howard Stern .
Knut Berger
Walk on Water Appears nude and discusses
his character 's intactness
in Walk on Water
Dolph Lundgren
Rocky IV
A View To A Kill
Masters Of The Universe
Universal Soldier
Captured
Legion
Gael García Bernal & Diego Luna
Y tu mamá también
Eduardo Verástegui
Bella
Meet me in Maimi
Chasing Papi Mexican - born
Javier Bardem
No Country for Old Men
Before Night Falls
Segunda Piel ( Second Skin ) Born in the Canary Islands
" I have seen nude photographs of him "
- a correspondent
Ricardo Meneses
O Fantasmo Portuguese
appears nude in O Fantasmo
Joaquin Ferreira
Club de Cuervos Argentinian
appears nude ( NSFW )
in Club de Cuervos
Mammoth
Blindness
The Motorcycle Diaries Frida Kahlo
Before Night Falls
Mexican - born
" Nobody said ' cut ' " From an interview at nerve about Y tu mamá también , whose plotline requires upper class Tenoch ( Luna ) to be circumcised and lower middle class Julio ( Bernal ) to be intact :
No worries that you might not be taken seriously now that people have seen your dicks ?
Luna :
Well , it was n't my dick !
Really ?
Luna :
Yes , it was a prosthetic .
Did you get to choose the size ?
Luna : No .
The size and color were mine .
I 'm not circumcised , and I did n't want to go through the operation just for the movie .
...
Any awkward moments ?
Luna :
During the shower scene , water seeped into the prosthetic , and it got very big and long , like a mushroom .
But I did n't realize it was happening , because nobody said " cut , " so I just kept going on until everyone just stood there laughing .
The cameraman was laughing so hard , he had to pass the camera off to someone else .
[ Bernal was in the interview but said nothing about wearing a prosthesis to make himself look intact . ]
Jonathan Rhys - Meyers
Alexander
Vanity Fair
Bend it like Beckham
He appeared nude in
Tangled and The Governess
bringing comfort to one young man .
Wentworth Miller
Prison Break
The Human Stain
Dinotopia Miller mentioned being intact in an interview on a UK talkshow " Today with Des & Mel " in 2003 or 2004 .
Jamie Bamber
Battlestar Galactica
Ultimate Force
Band of Brothers
The Devil 's Tattoo
Hornblower
Sean Bean
GoldenEye
Lord of the Rings ( Boromir )
Jude Law
WiIde
The Talented Mr Ripley
eXistenZ A clear paparazzi picture
Jack Davenport
The Wedding Date
Pirates of the Caribbean
Coupling
The Talented Mr Ripley
Lenny Henry
Chef ! ( TV )
Carry on London
The Lenny Henry Show ( TV )
French and Saunders ( TV )
Has appeared nude on television .
Guy Ritchie
The Gamekeeper
RocknRolla
Suspect
Revolver Nude photos have been published .
( So is Madge 's current squeeze , Jesus Luz ) But no longer : Karen [ Berg , Madonna 's Kabbalah advisor ] has even noted that Madonna “ keeps a kosher home , she observes Shabbat , she circumcised her son and had her [ ex -] husband circumcised . ”
( Yes , you read the last part correctly . ) - " Our Lady of Malawi "
by Vanessa Grigoriadis ,
New York Magazine , May 1 , 2011
Maybe that has something to do with why he 's now ex - .
Dominic Purcell
Creek
Primeval
Prison Break
Moby Dick British - born of a Norwegian father
and an Irish mother
his chances were already good
and he has spoken of being intact .
Michael Fassbender
Shame
Inglourious Basterds
Centurion
300 Germany - born ,
appears nude in Shame .
James Buckley
Skins
The Inbetweeners
Appears nude in The Inbetweeners movie
Charlie Hunnam
The Stanford Prison Experiment
Queer as Folk ( UK )
Children of Men
Nicholas Nickleby Appeared nude in Queer as Folk
Kevin Zegers
Frozen
Normal
Transamerica
Air Bud I , II , III Appears nude in Transamerica .
Jason O'Mara
Life on Mars
Men in Trees
Grey 's Anatomy
Monarch of the Glen Has appeared nude on screen .
Chris Vance
Sexy
Thing
Mental
Prison Break
The Secret Life of Us Vance " has never been shy
about showing his dong on film " .
Ben Whishaw
Bright Star
Brideshead Revisited
My Brother Tom Appears nude in My Brother Tom .
Alexander Skarsgård
True Blood
Beyond the Pole
Zoolander Appears nude in True Blood ( NSFW ) and
" ... has shown his member in films "
Almost all Swedish - born men are gårded from skars .
Todd Carty
Eastenders
Nick Berry
Eastenders
Stanley Baxter
Mr Majeika
Various self - named shows
" I used to go to a Public Health Club in Islington , London , when Nick Berry and Todd Carty
used to go every other Saturday .
Both very much ' intact '. " - a correspondent " Same baths , Stanley Baxter , TV personality
of yesteryear , same condition . "
- same correspondent
Shaun Dingwall
The Young Victoria
Doctor Who ( Pete Tyler )
Above Suspicion
Touching Evil " I was at school with him . " - a correspondent
Gabriel Byrne
The Usual Suspects
End of Days
Excalibur " Gabriel Byrne was asked on Irish TV if he would be getting circumcised when he married Ellen Barkin , who is Jewish .
He said ' No . ' " - a correspondent .
Cillian Murphy
Inception
The Dark Knight
The Wind That Shakes the Barley
Batman Begins " Cillian Murphy 's penis is on full display in the first ten minutes of the British thriller movie 28 Days Later , 2002 " - a correspondent .
Tom Hardy
The Dark Knight Rises
Tinker , Tailor , Soldier , Spy
Inception
RocknRolla appeared nude in Colditz ,
Sergeant Slaughter , My Big Brother ,
and Stuart - A Life Backwards
Chris Fountain
Hollyoaks
Coronation Street " I have to lift [ dance partner ]
Frankie up and she then stands on my thighs , which are pretty close together , " Chris told the Daily Star Sunday .
" It is called the frog lift but we have renamed it the circumcision because that is what I could end up with if it goes wrong . "
- Digital Spy , January 27 , 2008
Leon Ford
Changi
The Pacific
Lost Things
Beneath Hill 60 appeared nude
in Changi
Julian McMahon
Nip / Tuck
" A friend of mine from Australia told me that he went to school with Julian and that Julian is uncut . " - a correspondent
Aiden Turner
All My Children
Dancing with the Stars " I 've seen it . " - a correspondent Irish - born Aidan Turner of Being Human and The Hobbit probably is too .
Charlie Condou
Casualty
Coronation Street
A sex partner has spoken out
Andrew Lincoln
This Life
The Walking Dead
Scenes of a Sexual Nature Appeared nude on This Life .
Murrary Bartlett
Sex and the City
Farscape
Muffled Love " [ Murray ] was a schoolmate of mine . "
- a correspondent
Canadian
Stephen Amell
Arrow
ReGenesis
Hung " My friend had sex with him back when
they were in high school together in Canada . "
- a correspondent
Australian
Mark Gerber
Sirens
Babe 2 : Pig in the City
Home and Away ( TV ) Appears nude in Sirens
and briefly masturbates , using his foreskin .
Welsh
Trystan Gravelle
Mr Selfridge
Stella Days
Anonymous " I had the pleasure of working with him ....
I personally oversaw his fittings for ... underthings .
I can confirm that not only is Mr Gravelle intact ,
but blessed with a generous acroposthion . "
- a correspondent
Irish - born
Jamie Durnan
50 Shades of Gray
Marie Antoinette - nude pictures have been published
English
Rupert Penry Jones
Silk
Spooks
Virtual Sexuality
- appears nude in Spooks and Cambridge Spies
( and has a Martian - or Virtual - take on circumcision in Virtual Sexuality )
English
Max Beesley
Suits
Mad Dogs
Torque
Survivors - " A friend of mine was an assistant on [... a ] show and she ... wanted me to come out to see her .
...
During my tour around the set she was approached by the DA for help and that she needed to get rid of me .
... she shoves me into the nearest room with a closet and says hide .
Around five minutes later I hear her voice and Max was n't far behind [ .
T ]he closet was cracked open and then she was gone .
... I got a good look .
He 's thick , uncut and glorious . " - A correspondent
English
Danny Dyer
Severance
Borstal Boy
The Business - shows all in the DVD extras of The Business
English
Calvin Demba
Hollyoaks - shows all in the stage play The Wolf at the Door
English
Jordan Stephens
Glue - shows all in Glue
English
Ben Hardy
Eastenders - shows all in the stage play The Judas Kiss
English
Freddie Fox
The Riot Club
Pride
Worried About the Boy - shows all in the stage play The Judas Kiss
English
Kirk Norcross
The Only Way Is Essex
- Sexual pictures ( NSFW ) have been published
English
Jack O'Connell
Skins
Unbroken
This is England - shows all in Starred Up
English
Elliot Cowan
Da Vinci's Demons
Happy Go Lucky
Alexander - shows all in Da Vinci's Demons
Irish
Brendan O'Carroll
Mrs Brown's Boys
Asked if he would go on Strictly Come Dancing ,
" Not if you put a hot needle through my foreskin ! "
( underlining how sensitive it is ) he replied " Not if you put a hot needle through my foreskin ! "
English
Josh O'Connor
God 's Own Country
Florence Foster Jenkins
The Magnificent Eleven
Romanian
Alec Secareanu
God 's Own Country
Chosen
The Saint
Jai Courtney
Spartacus : Blood and Sand ( Varro )
Suicide Squad
The Exception Appears nude in The Exception
- appear nude together in God's Own Country
English
Nick Ferrari
The Alan Titchmarsh Show
This Morning
but mainly radio
" He has mentioned many times on his show that he is intact and that he would never get circumcised .
He has also condemned it several times as a ridiculous practice .... "
- a correspondent
English
Aiden Gillen
Queer as Folk ( UK )
The Low Down
Safe English ( UK ) - shows all in The Low Down , Safe and briefly in Blitz
English
Harris Dickinson
Beach Rats
Postcards from London
The Medium English - shows all briefly from behind in Beach Rats
English , born in France
Peter Wyngarde
Jason King / Department S
I Spy
Flash Gordon
During the filming of the I Spy episode Let 's Kill Karlovassi , co-star Ruth Roman asked him in so many words , and when he stuttered " Well ... er... as a matter of fact ... er... no ! " replied " What a shame !
I like my men to be trimmed ! "
- Peter Wyngarde : A Life Among Strangers p24/34 English , born in France
English
Laurence Fox
Born a King
W.E .
Victoria ( TV )
Colditz ( TV )
English ( TV ) ( TV ) Colditz and - appears nude inand The Hole
New Zealand
Taika Waititi
Hunt for the Wilderpeople
What We Do in the Shadows
JoJo Rabbit
( notwithstanding his Jewish mother :
his father was - eyewitness report ( notwithstanding his Jewish mother : his father was Māori
Comedians
Australian
Scott Dooley - has mentioned being intact in his podcasts : " It ´s not that hard [ to keep the foreskin clean ] , it´s not like you go around trying to scoop up dry leaves with it ! " " ... this car company was doing some promotion and the guy said , ` Would you like to go for a spin in one of the cars ? ´
I naturally said , ` No , ´ because it´s a stupid idea .
And the promo guy goes , ` Don´t worry , it´s free . ´
As if that ´s going to change my mind .
` I didn´t initially want to get a circumcision , but since you say it´s free , let´s have a go .
What do you mean anaesthetic costs extra ? ´
That ´s how they get you , always with the high - priced anaesthetic ... "
Australian
Chris Lilley - has mentioned being intact in his stand - up act
Australian
Josh Thomas - tells a story
involving ( 2:43 ) his foreskin .
Australian
Adam Richard - discusses his intactness ( at 17:45 ) on a " Poofcast " ( NSFW )
Australians
Adrian Perillo and Andy Kay - mention they are intact
in an interview .
Australian
Hamish Blake - wrote an article for Cosmo Australia
mentioning he was intact
Graham Chapman ... and probably other Pythons as well .
After the first take of the scene where a nude Brian ( Graham Chapman ) addresses the crowd from his window , Terry Jones pulled Chapman aside and said " I think we can see that you 're not Jewish , " referring to Chapman being uncircumcised .
This was corrected in subsequent takes with the application of a rubber band .
- Bob McCabe , The Life of Graham :
the authorised biography of Graham Chapman
London ( 2005 ) Orion Books .
Diego Luna is another actor who was made to look circumcised for authenticity in a role .
Billy Connelly Appears nude in Mrs Brown
Main photo by Steve Granitz / SteveGranitz.com
Image courtesy WireImage.com
Australian
Dave Hughes
On this show he says ( at 4:19 ) " My mother was a nurse and she said to me ... that I didn´t get circumcised because it was so much pain that the children went under , that she used to see it all the time . "
Graham Norton - " Norton has mentioned his foreskin on his chat show . "
- a correspondent
Australians
Alex Dyson and Tom Ballard - both mention their intact status on air .
" Why would I do that ?
It 's not a problem ! "
" I find it very odd when people who are n't Jewish are circumcised . "
English - born
Gavin McInnes
Vice Mentions his foreskin in his video
about how to urinate in public
Russell Brand
He told Howard Stern " I once drew a face on my penis .
A lot of my other achievements have been overlooked because of that .
" I drew it on my helmet . '
And because I 'm uncircumcised , I could draw back my foreskin to reveal the face of Helmet Harry .
Which you know , served as a wonderful punch line .
The element of surprise always draws laughter .
" Unfortunately , I also drew concerns .
People worried - why would a young man , well not so much deface a penis , because I had , in fact , given it a face … .
Well , there was an investigation , I had to be spoken to …and nobody believed that I thought it was just plain clean fun . " - the Graham Norton show
I hope you and your friends can help Iowa keep a new " Iowa Renaissance " alive by training , retaining , and / or attracting top skills and " creative talent " in the world ...
So far , everything has been going very well ; filmmakers , musicians , artists , actors , comedians , etc. from Iowa have been doing well on the world state , and creative people have been coming to iowa to do these kinds of media(s ) production work ...
Iowa has gained the attention and the goodwill of the world with the Iowa Caucuses and the Iowa Supreme Court decision regarding gay marriage .
This has been a slow , quiet boon for Iowa ...
BUT , there is trouble ahead ...
The Iowa Governors election WILL have real world consequences .
Former governor and current republican candidate Terry Branstad has been catering to the right - wing , promising , among other things , to be anti-gay marriage .
** this is totally unacceptable **
Recently , I saw a poll that said Terry Branstad is up 57 % to Chet Culvers 31 % .
That is a very steep hill to climb ...
I have a game plan :
Here is how you can help ;
Incumbent Gov Chet Culver has publicly supported gay marriage , and praised the Iowa General Assembly for NOT taking up any discriminatory legislation .
That is a HUGE plus for Gov Chet Culver .
This aspect needs to be played up on the world stage .
The best way to do this is by telling and sharing personal stories of real people with real lives ...
And the easiest way to tell a story is with an image , so share pics !
Try to find and highlight one new person or couple every single day ... one - a- day - every - day ... in a steady drip - drip - drip - drip fashion .
Proverb : a slow drip will fill a tub .
Proverb : even the biggest pile of rice is composed of individual grains .
When not highlighting real people , highlight other bright spots in Iowa .
Is the Iowa economy doing better ?
Did unemployment dip a little ?
Did Iowa get recognition doing something well ?
Find it .
Share it .
Watch Iowa news like a hawk .
Actively find good news and share it with friends , especially if it relates to the " high - end " of the " Iowa Renaissance " .
Try to write , use , or say " Governor Chet Culver " as often as possible , to boost Governor Chet Culver 's name recognition in the general publics " top of mind " .
Try to run a positive campaign .
Give Governor Chet Culver daily opportunities to be in the spotlight in a positive way .
On the other hand , Do NOT be fools ...
Know that " the other side " will use every underhanded tactic .
Remember " Swift Boating " , where a five - time draft - dodger and other chicken - hawks went after people who actually served , questioned their service , smeared their image ...?
They not only got away with it , but successfully went on to be respected leadership in the " pro-troops " party !?!?
They will not hesitate to do the exact same thing again , or worse .
Why ?
Because they have been rewarded for this behavior in the recent past .
It works .
They know it works .
They will reach for whatever tools work .
The other side will use " low road " tactics because they work , so you must be prepared to use them yourself ... because they work .
Actively observe their low - life behavior , and be prepared to " sink to their level " , however low that is .
Terry Branstad has has a long record as Governor , and has many weak spots that can be exploited .
For example , Terry Branstad had the highest unemployment of all time , even though Terry Branstad campaign has been saying " Gov Chet Culver has the highest unemployment in 24 years !!! "
except 2010 - 24 = 1986 .
Governor Terry Branstad 's administration started January 14 , 1983 , so it would be difficult for Terry Branstad to try and blame Jimmy Carter at the same time try to blame Barack Obama for the current economy .
I try to publicly ask Terry Branstad if the bad Iowa economy and unemployment in 1986 was his own fault or Ronald Reagans fault .
So far ... :: crickets ::... I think more people should publicly ask him that question .
Do it for the lurkers .
As another example , Terry Branstad refused to allow extradition of a prime suspect in the murder of a pregnant woman .
There are lots of ways of making an issue out of this that would sink his credibility .
Also , prison populations expanded under Terry Branstads watch , especially for marijuana offenses .
The long term consequences of Terry Branstads " tough on crime " administration is that now Iowa is laying off teachers at the same time as we are building a HUGE new state prison .
Terry Branstad supports the death penalty for your family , but when his own son killed two people in a reckless driving accident , Terry Branstad helped him get off with a slap on the wrist .
Iowa 's disuse of capital punishment is another very bright spot on Iowas civil rights and limited government record .
To move backward and re-adopt the death penalty would be another heavy blow to our states progress .
Then there are the kidnapped paperboys .
Terry Branstad is getting near retirement age , and has recently had :: cough : : " elective " :: cough : : heart surgery ,
What is Terry Branstad doing farting around getting " elective " heart surgery when 1/4 of Iowans 65 and under do n't even have health care insurance for " real " health care needs ?
Maybe Iowa should give Terry Branstad a gold watch , thank him for his service , and put him out to pasture so he can " spend more time with his family " .
There is a bottomless pit of history to dig up .
Google for the angle that represents your point of view in interests .
Overall , I feel that Terry Branstad was probably a decent governor .
That makes it hard to " attack " the man for his public service .
Fortunately , Terry Branstad has an " Achilles Heel "
His name is Steve King , the right wing nut job who makes every iowan cringe every time his name is mentioned .
Website labels Steve King ‘ eight times crazier than Michele Bachmann ’
List of top stories Reddit has dug up on Steve King
Here are just two examples , and probably not the worst of what is out there .
Ill keep digging during the election and post what I find .
Another angle is to attack Governor Terry Branstad and Rep Steve King for their continued involvement in the Roman Catholic Church .
During the Iowa Caucuses , through the whole 2008 election , through the first year of the Obama administration , and up to today , Sean Hannity has been on the radio 3 hours a day , playing Rev Wright 's out - of - context " U S of K K K " ad nausea .
Sean Hannity now even has a contest where listeners are supposed to download Lynyrd Skynyrd 's " Aint My America " and mixx it with clips of Rev Wright and Barack Obama saything things they find offensive .
Sean Hannity and the Right Wing Noise Machine harassed Barack Obama to the point where Obama had to publicly quit the church he had been a member of for 20 years .
If we try to be as " Fair and Balanced " as FoxNews , we would look into the " dirty little secrets " of the church Sean Hannity , Terry Branstad , and Steve King are members of .
If it is fair to use an out - of - context isolated incident of Rev Wright at Barack Obama 's church to relentlessly smear Barack Obama ...
Then is is fair to use a long established pattern of Child Rape and Official Catholic church cover - up , a cover up that implicates even The Pope , to relentlessly smear Sean Hannity , Terry Branstad , and Steve King .
Conservatives hate the " politically correct " so ask the " child molestation " question in a way that does n't sugar coat what really goes on
Thanks in advance for your help .
ps. if i get 100 comments in this thread , I will tell the untold story of how a handful of friends stopped scHillary Clinton in Iowa , and put Barack Obama on the winning trajectory .
Jackie Bugnion is an American citizen who has lived in Switzerland for 45 years .
She had two securities accounts in her adopted country but in the spring she was told that she should find another home for her money .
This summer those accounts were moved into SEC - regulated subsidiaries .
" I call them the ' American ghettos ' , " she says .
These subsidiaries are subject to higher fees and higher minimum investments than normal accounts .
" It makes you feel toxic when this happens to you after you have been the client of a bank for years , " says Ms. Bugnion .
American ...
From Bulbapedia , the community - driven Pokémon encyclopedia .
The subject of this article has no official name .
The name currently in use is a fan designator ; see below for more information .
This article is incomplete .
Please feel free to edit this article to add missing information and complete it .
Reason : Changes in Gen VII , if any .
A Pokémon 's personality value ( Japanese : 性格値 personality value ) is an unsigned 32 - bit integer that is created when the Pokémon is first generated by the game .
As an unsigned 32 - bit integer , its value can be anywhere from 0 ( 32 zeroes in binary ) to 4,294,967,295 ( 32 ones in binary ) , inclusive .
This value was introduced with the Pokémon data structure overhaul that occurred at the start of Generation III , and is generated using the games ' pseudorandom number generator .
Generation
For Pokémon encountered in the wild , it is set upon encountering them .
For gift Pokémon and Eggs , it is set upon receiving them .
For Eggs from Pokémon Day Care , when it is set varies between games .
In Generation III except in Pokémon Emerald , the lower half of the personality value is set when the Day - Care Man finds the Egg , while the second half is set when the player obtains the Egg from the Day - Care Man .
In Pokémon Emerald and Generation IV , it is set when the Day - Care Man finds the Egg .
In Generation V , it is set when the player obtains the Egg from the Day - Care Man .
Usage
Precisely which properties are determined by the personality value varies between generations .
Gen III Gen IV Gen V Gen VI Gender ✓ ✓ ✓ Ability ✓ ✓ ✓ Nature ✓ ✓ Shininess ✓ ✓ ✓ ✓ Characteristic ✓ ✓ Spinda 's spots ✓ ✓ ✓ Unown 's letter ✓
Wurmple 's evolution ✓ ✓ ✓ Size ✓ ✓ Performance changes ✓
Gender
00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000
From Generation III to Generation V , a Pokémon 's gender is determined by the lowest eight digits ( the lowest byte , highlighted in red above ) of p in binary form .
Mathematically , this can be derived by calculating p % 256 .
Below , this value will be referred to as p gender .
In a Pokémon species ' base stat structure , there is a value called the gender threshold , a byte with a value ranging from 0 to 255 .
With the exception of a few special cases , p gender is compared to the gender threshold to determine if the Pokémon is male or female .
If the gender threshold is not a special value ( 0 , 254 , or 255 ) , p gender is compared to the gender threshold .
If p gender is greater than or equal to the gender threshold , the Pokémon is male , otherwise it is female .
Because the comparison to determine gender is greater than or equal , Pokémon are slightly more likely to be male than they would be according to the ideal ratios .
If a species has a gender threshold of 255 , it is a genderless species ( such as Magnemite ) .
If a species has a gender threshold of 254 , it is a female - only species ( such as Nidoran♀ ) .
If a species has a gender threshold of 0 , it is a male - only species ( such as Nidoran♂ ) .
In Generation VI and VII , the gender threshold is compared to a random number between 1 and 252 ( inclusive ) instead of p gender ( which is between 0 and 255 ) ; this causes Pokémon with a " 1:1 " gender ratio to actually be distributed according to the ideal ratio .
All other Pokémon are more likely to be the more common gender than they would be according to their nominal ratio .
In Generation VIII , the gender threshold is compared to a random number between 1 and 253 ( inclusive ) instead of p gender ( which is between 0 and 255 ) ; this causes Pokémon with a " 1:1 " gender ratio to be slightly more likely to be male than they would be according to the ideal ratios .
All other Pokémon are more likely to be the more common gender than they would be according to their nominal ratio .
Gender threshold Nominal ratio
( ♂:♀) Frequency ( Gen 3 - 5 ) Frequency ( Gen 6 - 7 ) Frequency ( Gen 8 ) Binary Decimal Male Female Male Female Male Female 00000000 0 Male 100.00 % 0.00 % 100.00 % 0.00 % 100.00 % 0.00 % 00011111 31 7:1 87.89 % 12.11 % 88.10 % 11.90 % 88.14 % 11.86 % 00111111 63 3:1 75.39 % 24.61 % 75.40 % 24.60 % 75.49 % 24.51 %
01111111 127 1:1 50.39 % 49.61 % 50.00 % 50.00 % 50.20 % 49.80 % 10111111 191 1:3 25.39 % 74.61 % 24.60 % 75.40 % 24.90 % 75.10 % ‭‭11100001 ‬ 225 1:7 ( No species ) 11.11 % 88.89 % 11.46 % 88.54 % 11111110 254 Female 0.00 % 100.00 % 0.0 % 100.00 % 0.0 % 100.00 % 11111111 255 Genderless Genderless
Cute Charm
In Generation IV only , when Cute Charm forces a Pokémon to be a specific gender , it does so by setting its personality value to one out of 25 possible values that correspond to the forced gender ( one value per nature ) .
The set of possible values depends on the gender of the Pokémon with Cute Charm , and , if the Pokémon with Cute Charm is female , the wild Pokémon 's gender ratio .
This has significant consequences for properties determined by personality value .
As a result , when the encountered species can be affected by Cute Charm ( i.e. , when it is not a male - only , female - only , or genderless species ) , the chances of encountering a Shiny Pokémon differ from the usual 1/8192 , depending on how many of the 25 possible values forced by Cute Charm result in a Shiny Pokémon ( in conjunction with the Trainer ID number and Secret ID ) : they may be as low as 1/24546 ( if none of the 25 values forced by Cute Charm result in Shiny Pokémon , so the Pokémon can only be Shiny if Cute Charm fails ) , or as high as 21.34 % ( if 8 out of the 25 values forced by Cute Charm result in Shiny Pokémon ) .
Additionally , Spinda whose gender has been forced by Cute Charm in Generation IV only have one of 50 patterns ( 25 for male , 25 for female ) .
Ability
Generation III -IV origin : 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000
Generation V origin : 00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000
In Generations III and IV , if a Pokémon 's species has more than one Ability , its Ability is determined by the lowest bit ( highlighted in red above ) of its personality value ; i.e. , whether p is even or odd .
If p is even ( the lowest bit is 0 ) , the Pokémon has its first Ability .
If p is odd ( the lowest bit is 1 ) , it has the second .
In Generation V , a Pokémon 's Ability is determined differently depending on whether it originated in Generation V or an earlier generation .
Pokémon from earlier generations will still have their Ability determined by the lowest bit in p. Pokémon originating in Generation V , however , use the lowest bit of the upper half of p to determine their Ability .
Just as with Generation III and IV Pokémon , a 0 still indicates a Pokémon 's first Ability , while 1 indicates its second .
This can be derived by calculating p / 65536 % 2 ( rounded down ) .
If a Pokémon is transferred to a later generation where its species '
Abilities have changed , it will retain the Ability it had in the earlier generation so long as it does not evolve , since the games store a Pokémon 's current Ability in a value separate from its personality value .
However , in Generations IV and V , when a Pokémon evolves , its personality value is rechecked and the Pokémon 's Ability may change .
If a Pokémon that would change Abilities on evolution is transferred to Pokémon Bank , it will be locked into its current Ability slot upon transfer through Poké Transporter .
As an example , in Generation III , Porygon and Porygon2 only had the Ability Trace , but in Generation IV , they gained Download as a second Ability .
If a Porygon from Generation III is brought to a Generation IV game , it will have Trace no matter what its personality value is ; however , if it evolves into Porygon2 , it will only keep Trace if p is even .
A separate bit governs whether a Pokémon has their normal Abilities or Hidden Abilities in Generation V . If a Pokémon has its Hidden Ability , its personality value is always set to be even ( denoting a first Ability ) .
Nature
In Generations III and IV a Pokémon 's Nature is determined by p % 25 .
From Generation
V onward , Nature is determined by a separate byte , unrelated to the personality value .
The result of p % 25 corresponds to the following Natures :
p % 25 Nature 0 Hardy 1 Lonely 2 Brave 3 Adamant 4 Naughty 5 Bold 6 Docile 7 Relaxed 8 Impish 9 Lax 10 Timid 11 Hasty 12 Serious 13 Jolly 14 Naive 15 Modest 16 Mild 17 Quiet 18 Bashful 19 Rash 20 Calm 21 Gentle 22 Sassy 23 Careful 24 Quirky
Shininess
00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000
From Generation III onward , whether a Pokémon is Shiny depends on its original Trainer 's Trainer ID number and secret ID number and on the Pokémon 's personality value .
The high half of p ( highlighted in red above ) is referred to as p 1 below , while the low half ( highlighted in blue ) is referred to as p 2 .
Mathematically , p 1 can be derived by calculating p / 65536 and rounding down the result , while p 2 can be derived by calculating p % 65536 .
S = ID Trainer ⊕ ID Secret ⊕ p 1 ⊕ p 2
A bitwise exclusive or operation ( or " ⊕ " ) on inputs a and b , written as a ⊕ b = c , outputs c such that , if a i ( bit i of a ) and b i are different , then c i is 1 ; otherwise it is 0 .
For example , 1100 2 ⊕ 1010 2 = 0110 2 .
When exclusive or is applied to multiple inputs , as in the calculation for Shininess above , it may be more easily understood as , " If an odd number of bits ( at position i ) are 1 , output 1 " .
This operation is commutative .
From Generation III to V , if S < 8 , the Pokémon is Shiny .
From Generation VI onward , the Pokémon is Shiny if S < 16 .
This is an 8 or 16 in 65536 chance of a Pokémon being Shiny .
Example
As an example , given a Trainer whose Trainer ID is 24294 and whose Secret ID is 38834 ...
ID Trainer = 24294 10 = 0101111011100110 2 ID Secret = 38834 10 = 1001011110110010 2
If the Trainer encounters a Pokémon whose personality value is 2814471828 ...
p = 2814471828 10 = 1010011111000001 0110111010010100 2 p 1 = 1010011111000001 2 p 2 = 0110111010010100 2
Then S is equal to ...
S = 0101111011100110 2 ⊕ 1001011110110010 2 ⊕ 1010011111000001 2 ⊕ 0110111010010100 2 S = 0000000000000001 2 = 1 10
Since S is less than 8 , this Pokémon is Shiny .
Characteristic
From Generation IV onward , Pokémon have a Characteristic which indicates their highest IV .
In Generation IV and V , in the case of a tie , the personality value is used to determine which stat wins the tie ; from Generation VI onward , the encryption constant is used in the case of a tie .
The tie - breaker starts at the stat with the index p % 6 and increments the index ( returning to 0 after reaching 5 ) if it is not one of the stats that is tied for highest .
The first stat checked that is tied for highest wins the tie and will determine the Characteristic .
p % 6 Stat 0 HP 1 Attack 2 Defense 3 Speed 4 Special Attack 5 Special Defense
Spinda 's spots
00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000
Spinda has four spots : two on its face , and one on each of its ears .
From Generation III to V , this is determined by its personality value ; from Generation VI onward , this is determined by its encryption constant .
Each byte in the personality value represents the coordinates of one of these spots .
The x-coordinate is the lower four bits of the byte and the y - coordinate is the higher four bits of the byte .
These coordinates determine the position of the top - left corner of the corresponding spot .
While this would appear to mean that Spinda 's spots have as many possible variations as there are personality values ( 4,294,967,296 ) , some coordinates will place a spot off of Spinda 's body or such that one wholly overlaps another .
Therefore , in practice , the number of observed variations is fewer .
Unown 's letter
00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000
p letter = 00000000
In Generation III , Unown 's letter is determined by the composite value of the least significant 2 bits of each byte in p .
With A representing 0 and each letter thereafter representing the following number value ( with ? as 26 and ! as 27 ) , Unown 's letter can be determined by :
α = p letter % 28
In Generation II , this is determined using individual values .
In Generations IV and V , Unown 's letter is determined by a separate byte , unrelated to the personality value .
Wurmple 's evolution
00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000
Wurmple 's evolution is determined by the upper half of its personality value ( highlighted in red above ) , referred to here as p w .
( Mathematically , this is equivalent to p / 65536 , rounded down . )
From Generation VI onward , Wurmple 's evolution is now determined by the encryption constant , with the same formula .
If p w % 10 is less than or equal to 4 , Wurmple will evolve into Silcoon ; if it is greater than 4 , Wurmple will evolve into Cascoon .
Size
00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000
In Generations III and IV , there are occasionally characters who want to see large Pokémon .
The calculation to determine the size of one of these Pokémon depends on its individual values and its personality value .
Like the Shininess calculation , this calculation also uses exclusive or ( ⊕ ) .
The lowest two bytes of p are used in the calculation : p 1 ( highlighted in blue above ) is mathematically equivalent to p % 256 , while p 2 ( highlighted in red ) is equivalent to ( p / 256 ) % 256 ( rounded down ) .
The IV values are also not used in whole ; only the four least significant bits of each are used : mathematically , < stat > ' = IV < stat > % 16 .
The first step in the calculation is as follows :
s = ( ( ( Atk ' ⊕ Def ' ) * HP ' ) ⊕ p 1 ) * 256 + ( ( ( SpAtk ' ⊕ SpDef ' ) * Spd ' ) ⊕ p 2 )
For the next step , h is the species ' height in tenths of a meter .
and the values of x , y , and z depend on the value of s as shown in the following table .
s ( max ) : 9 109 309 709 2709 7709 17709 32709 47709 57709 62709 64709 65209 65409 65535 x 290 300 400 500 600 700 800 900 1000 1100 1200 1300 1400 1500 1700 y 1 1 2 4 20 50 100 150 150 100 50 20 5 2 1 z 0 10 110 310 710 2710 7710 17710 32710 47710 57710 62710 64710 65210 65510
The final part of the calculation scales the s value to produce the Pokémon 's size in millimeters .
The final value of Size is bounded between 0.29 and 1.725 times the standard height given for the species in the Pokédex , and rounded down .
Size = Rounddown ( ( s - z ) / y + x ) * h / 10
If the game converts this number to inches , the final result will be rounded down to the nearest tenth of an inch .
The characters searching for large Pokémon can be found at the following locations :
Performance changes
The day - to - day performance of a Pokémon in the Pokéathlon depends on its personality value and the day of the month .
It also depends on Nature , which is also calculated based on the personality value .
The five least significant decimal digits of p will here be referred to as p 0 to p 4 , in order from the least significant bit to the most significant , and they govern ( in order ) the attributes Power , Stamina , Skill , Jump , and Speed .
The change in performance in a particular attribute is calculated as the sum of the following factors :
Day of the month modifier : ( ( ( day + attribute +
3 ) × ( day - attribute +
7 ) + p attribute ) % 10 ) × 2 - 9 , where : Day is the day of the month .
Attribute is 0 for Power , 1 for Stamina , 2 for Skill , 3 for Jump , and 4 for Speed .
p attribute is the digit of p governing the current attribute .
: , where :
Note that this modifier 's values range from - 9 to +9 , and it only takes on odd values .
This also means that the day of the month modifier cycles every 10 days , excepting for Power and Speed where the modifiers for Day 1 are different from those for Days 11 , 21 , and 31 .
Since Nature is determined by the last two digits of the personality value , the Nature of a Pokémon will reveal constrains on possible values of this modifier for Power ( and , to a lesser extent , Stamina ) .
Nature modifier : the Pokémon 's Nature may raise or lower its performance in an attribute .
Non-neutral Natures will add or subtract 35 points from an attribute , if the Nature positively or negatively influences the stat that corresponds to the current attribute .
Neutral natures will add or subtract 10 points from an attribute depending on the Nature .
Attribute Neutral +10 Neutral - 10 Non-neutral stat (+/- 35 ) Power Hardy Bashful Attack Stamina Docile Quirky Defense Skill Quirky Serious Sp. Def Jump Bashful Docile Sp. Atk Speed Serious Hardy Speed
Aprijuice modifier : the last Aprijuice the Pokémon drank affects the Pokémon 's performance , depending on the strengths of the flavors in the Aprijuice .
Strongest flavor : add flavor * 1.5 ( rounded down ) plus 10 to the corresponding attribute .
Second strongest flavor : add flavor * 1.5 ( rounded down ) to the corresponding attribute .
Weakest flavor : subtract X times the sum of the two strongest flavors ( rounded down ) from the corresponding attribute , depending on the Aprijuice 's mildness ...
0 - 199 : X = 1 - 0.1 * Rounddown ( mildness / 25 ) 200-254 : X = 0.2 255 : X = 0.1
: the last Aprijuice the Pokémon drank affects the Pokémon 's performance , depending on the strengths of the flavors in the Aprijuice .
The Aprijuice flavors correspond to the performance attributes as follows :
Flavor Attribute Spicy Power Sour Stamina Dry Skill Bitter Jump Sweet Speed
The sum of these modifiers is then translated into a difference in stars as follows :
Stars - 4 - 3 - 2 -1 0 1 2 3 4 Score ...- 120 - 119 ...- 80 - 79 ...- 40 - 39 ...- 15 - 14...14 15...39 40...79 80 ... 119 120 ...
Note that performance changes may not drop below the Pokémon 's minimum performance rating , nor may it exceed the Pokémon 's maximum performance rating .
Thus , for example , a Cradily may never have its Speed or Jump rating improved or degraded as those attributes are fixed ( as such , for example , it is advisable to give it dry Aprijuices for which sweetness or bitterness is its weakest flavor ) .
Other uses
A Pokémon 's personality value may also used for things unrelated to the Pokémon itself .
00000000 00000000 00000000 00000000
In Pokémon Ruby , Sapphire , and Emerald , Mirage Island will appear on Route 130 if the lower half of the personality value of a Pokémon in the player 's party matches a random number generated at the start of each day by the game .
A man in Pacifidlog Town can also tell the player whether he sees the island " today " , i.e. , whether one of the Pokémon in the player 's party matches Mirage Island 's number .
WJWalton linked to this find : an official Dungeons & Dragons activity badge from the UK Boy Scouts program .
At some point in time , it seems , there was a version of the Hobbies activity badge , intended as a catch - all for those pastimes Scouts already pursued that did n’t fall under the aegis of another activity badge .
As commenter darrell explains below , this TSR - sponsored version of the Hobbies badge was awarded to all scouts , regardless of whether their hobby focused on Dungeons & Dragons .
So there ’s some precedent for the Video Games badge Cub Scouts can earn .
Really , there ’s nothing untoward about either .
Scouting ’s always been about encouraging well - rounded development in all areas , outside and indoors .
There are badges for studying architecture and nuclear science (! ) , as well as pioneering and personal fitness .
Between this and Walton ’s take on a role - playing advocacy badge ( scroll to the end of the article ) , I ’m interested by the idea of having embroidered merit badge - like patches made up for general distribution .
For another perspective on role - playing and scouting , check out A Scoutmaster ’s Blog , in which a Minnesota scoutmaster comments on his experiences role - playing , both as a player and a Scout and later a GM for his troop .
I do n't even think this is a beauty thing , I think its a competitive thing to break a world record .
I 'm not going to start talking about the beauty standards America has set because nowhere has breasts this big ever been considered hot in a mainstream way .
Night of the Crabs has no pretentious quote from a great work to open it .
Smith does not need to elevate his work with Shakespeare , Milton or Exodus ; he knows his words can stand without the crutch of the classics .
He merely requires a dedication , the simple : ‘ To Jean , who has to put up with it all . ’
We are left to wonder what ‘ it all ’ is ; the mind does boggle at what a spouse must have to go through as her husband churns out another few thousand words of seaside devilment .
Image caption Many Bangladeshis support Argentina and Brazil
Authorities in Bangladesh have closed a leading university indefinitely after students went on a rampage demanding to be allowed to watch the World Cup on TV .
Fights broke out at the University of Engineering and Technology in the capital Dhaka when some senior students said they wanted classes to continue .
Four students were hurt in the clashes .
Bangladesh 's national team did not qualify for the finals but the country is gripped by World Cup fever .
The national team is ranked a lowly 157th in the world .
Earlier , authorities had asked factories to stop work in the evenings to ensure there was enough electricity for people to watch World Cup matches on televisions .
The government 's request followed protests over power cuts which have interrupted coverage of the football .
Angry fans attacked several distribution centres .
Businessmen have raised concerns the move will affect production .
RELATED :
ribat
cnxps.cmd.push(function ( ) { cnxps ( { playerId : '36af7c51-0caf-4741-9824-2c941fc6c17b ' }) .render('4c4d856e0e6f4e3d808bbc1715e132f6 ' ) ; } ) ;
News reports repeatedly deny Israel 's existence
Al - Hayat al - Jadida
PA exaggerated flotilla confrontation to promote hatred
Violence against Israel still being glorified
When proximity talks started in May , Palestinian Authority President Mahmoud Abbas declared that the PA would fulfill its commitments , with a special focus on stopping incitement .
But the ensuing two months have brought no change in the messages being transmitted from the Palestinian Authority and Fatah to Palestinians , according to a new report by Palestinian Media Watch .
An examination of the Palestinian leaders ’ statements , official media , children ’s programs and PA - and Fatah - controlled events shows that the conditions , principles and expectations set by the US and the UN Quartet for accepting the PA as a peace partner continue to be violated , the watchdog group said in the report .
Contrary to the PA ’s moderate statements to the West , its statements to its people in Arabic continue to delegitimize Israel ’s existence , deny Israel ’s right to exist , define the conflict with Israel as a religious war for Allah , promote hatred through demonization , slander and libel , and glorify terror and violence , according to PMW ’s Itamar Marcus , Nan Jacques Zilberdik and Barbara Crook .
The report , which Marcus said he would be presenting to American officials in Washington on Wednesday , said that the PA continues to teach on PA educational TV that Israeli cities across the entire country , including Jaffa and Haifa , are Palestinian cities ; that official PA media deny Israel ’s right to exist by using terminology to refer to Israel as “ the homeland occupied in ‘ 48 ” ; and that the conflict with Israel is defined by PA - appointed political and religious leaders not as territorial but as– a religious war for Allah .
It cited instances in which the PA ’s senior religious leader demonized Jews as the “ enemies of God , ” and a PA TV host remarked : “ The Jews are our enemies , right ? ”
It added that the PA continues to honor terrorists , and quoted Abbas as defending “ the right to return to the armed conflict , ” and describing negotiations as “ a tactical decision , i.e. , a temporary , defensive decision .
” Elaborating on PA educational programs that deny Israel ’s existence , the PMW report quoted from a documentary film that portrays Israeli cities and sites as “ Palestinian ” and that was rebroadcast on PA TV on June 21 : “ The Palestinian coast … spreads along the [ Mediterranean ] sea , from ...
Ashkelon in the south , until Haifa , in the Carmel Mountains .
Haifa is a well - known Palestinian port . [ Haifa ] enjoyed a high status among Arabs and Palestinians especially before it fell to the occupation [ Israel ] in 1948 .
To its north , we find Acre .
East of Acre , we reach a city with history and importance , the city of Tiberias , near a famous lake , the Sea of Galilee .
Jaffa , an ancient coastal city , is the bride of the sea , and Palestine ’s gateway to the world .
” It also quoted from an educational PA TV quiz show on June 25 , with students competing from different Palestinian universities , which included questions and answers identifying Israel as “ Palestine .
”
In terms of PA news reporting , the report quoted from a June 18 item in the official PA daily , which described the Israeli Arab village Um el - Fahm as being located “ in the homeland occupied in ‘ 48 .
” It cited several other examples of the same newspaper referring to Israel with numerous euphemisms that deny Israel ’s legitimacy and existence , such as : “ Interior Palestine , ” “ occupied in 1948 , ” and “ ’48 territories .
” Noting that US President Barack Obama has called the use of maps that present a world without Israel a security threat to Israel , the PMW report stated that “ all the official PA maps in offices , Web sites , in schoolbooks , and those appearing on official PA TV since the start of the proximity talks , continue the PA policy of defining all of Israel as ‘ Palestine ’ .
” Turning to the issue of the PA denying Israel ’s history , it quoted the PA Mufti , Sheikh Muhammad Hussein , and several other senior PA figures , denying the Jews ’ connection to the Western Wall and to Jerusalem in a series of statements .
In instances of what it called “ demonization , hate promotion , anti-Semitism and libels , ” meanwhile , the PMW report charged that , in June , “ the PA has continued to falsely accuse Israel of intentionally spreading drugs and AIDS among Palestinians , having killed Yasser Arafat , and planning to destroy the Aksa Mosque .
The PA added another accusation this month : that the Jews killed Jesus .
” It added that the PA exaggerated the Gaza flotilla confrontation to promote hatred of Israel .
Stressing that “ the right to criticize Israeli actions is legitimate , ” the report said , however , that the PA “ slandered Israel ” about it , noting that Abbas himself charged that “ it was a decision made in advance , premeditated and with determination to kill .
” And it quoted from the PA daily , saying that murder and massacres are typical or innate Israeli behavior : “ The Israeli attack on the ships ... more serious than a massacre in its ugliness and its inhumanity ... This is the true nature of Israel .
” The PMW report further noted that a PA TV music video , demonizing Israel as “ my enemy ” and “ a snake coiled around the land ” reappeared in June .
It was first broadcast in 2004 , and from October 2007 to the end of 2009 it ran continuously on PA TV .
It quoted the following exchange by PA TV host interviewing the young sister of a Palestinian prisoner on June 21 : PA TV host : “ [ When you visit the prison ] do they bother you , the Israeli army , the soldiers there ? ”
Girl : “ Yes . ” Host : “ They ’re wild animals , right ?
Are n’t they wild animals ? ”
Turning to the subject of the glorification of terror and violence , PMW ’s report noted that the US has strongly condemned the Palestinian practice of honoring terrorists : State Department spokesman Phillip Crowley , it recalled , in April declared that “ Honoring terrorists who have murdered innocent civilians , either by official statements or by the dedication of public places , hurts peace efforts and must end .
” Nonetheless , the report noted that the Palestinian Third Culture and Education Festival held in June in Ramallah “ included dancers holding rifles while dancing to a song with lyrics glorifying violence against Israel and praising death as an ideal .
The annual festival is sponsored by the PLO National Committee for Education , Science and Culture .
This dance performance with rifles was broadcast twice on official Palestinian Authority TV , and was held in the presence of the PA minister of culture and minister of women ’s affairs .
“ ‘ There is no force in the world that can remove the weapon from my hand …’ ran some of the lyrics .
‘ He who offers his blood does n’t care if his blood flows on the ground . ’”
It noted that the PA in late June opened in Nablus a security course named after Abdallah Daoud that was held in the Abu Iyad [ Salah Khalaf ] hall .
Daoud was one of the terrorists who stormed the Church of the Nativity in 2002 , and continued to fight against Israel for several weeks while using the monks and the religious site as shields , said the report , while Khalaf was head of the Black September terror group .
“ Attacks he planned included the murder of two American diplomats , as well as the murders of 11 Israeli athletes at the Munich Olympics in 1972 , ” said the report .
The report also noted that a soccer tournament for youth was named after Khalil Al - Wazir ( Abu Jihad ) , the former deputy to Arafat who planned “ many deadly Fatah terror attacks , including the worst in Israeli history , the hijacking of a bus and killing of 37 civilians , 12 of them children .
” In its conclusion , the PMW report quoted Secretary of State Hillary Clinton telling the House Appropriations Subcommittee on State , Foreign Operations and Related Programs in April that : “ We will only work with a Palestinian Authority government that unambiguously and explicitly accepts the Quartet ’s principles : A commitment to nonviolence , recognition of Israel , and acceptance of previous agreements and obligations , including the Road Map ” – whose Phase I , PMW recalled , requires that “ All official Palestinian institutions end incitement against Israel .
“ Examining the Palestinian Authority leaders ’ statements , its education of youth , and its controlled media during the first months since the proximity talks , ” said the report , “ it is apparent that the Palestinian Authority has not complied with the conditions set by the secretary of state , nor has it fulfilled its commitment to ‘ work against incitement of any sort . ’
“ In the first two months since the start of the proximity talks , not only has the PA failed to ‘ unambiguously and explicitly ’ accept these conditions , but it has done the opposite .
The Palestinian Authority continues to ‘ unambiguously and explicitly ’ deny Israel ’s existence , incite to hatred , and glorify terror and violence , ” the report claimed .
1d
Living With the Xbox Series X So Far
If you 're sick of Apple 's restrictive operating system but have yet to make the jump from iPhone to Android , here 's what to expect , how to adjust , and how to cope with certain app withdrawal .
Advertisement
The original version of this guide was written a couple of years back , in the days of Android 2.3 .
Since then , things have changed dramatically .
Apple had their Maps debacle , Android Jelly Bean brought an incredibly smooth user interface , and much more .
While both operating systems offer distinct advantages , iOS often frustrates those who want control over how they use their phones ( rather than the other way around ) .
After five years of iPhones , I found myself in that camp and made the switch to a Nexus 4 .
Switching was easier than I thought , but still brought about a number of challenges .
Just because you ultimately choose Android does n't mean you do n't want a lot of what iOS has to offer .
In this post , we 'll look at how to adjust to Android 's differences and bring in the comforts of iOS you may miss .
If you want to check out a specific section , you can use this table of contents :
Advertisement
Find Your Way Around Android
As a former iPhone user , you 'll likely find that the biggest adjustment to using Android is navigating your way through the operating system .
In iOS , pretty much everything happens with the home button .
In Android , you do n't have a physical home button but rather a series of three or four touch buttons at the bottom of your screen .
They generally go in this order :
Back :
A curvy arrow pointing left
: A curvy arrow pointing left Home :
The outline of a house
: The outline of a house Multitasking Drawer :
One rectangle on top of the other
: One rectangle on top of the other Settings : Vertical ellipsis ( not all devices display this button at all times , or in the bottom row )
Advertisement
The back button has long been a source of confusion for everyone because its functionality is far from consistent .
In most cases , it 'll just take you to the last thing you did in an app .
If there is no last thing , it may take you back to your home screen .
In general , you can expect this functionality but do n't be surprised if it does something else .
This is just an unfortunate user experience issue in Android that has yet to be fixed .
Advertisement
The home button simply takes you back to your home screen .
Advertisement
The multitasking drawer shows you your active apps so you can quickly switch between them without the need to go back to your home screen or open your app drawer .
It works similarly to iOS , though it provides a vertical list ( instead of a horizontal one ) and provides a preview of the open app .
Instead of tapping and holding to close apps , you just swipe them away .
Advertisement
The settings button is sometimes a soft button like the others mentioned in this section , but on certain devices it'll just appear contextually in apps .
Just know that if you see a vertical ellipsis ( three dots stacked on top of each other ) , that 's where you 'll access an app 's settings .
To get to your phone 's system settings , just open the Settings app in your app drawer , on your home screen ( if you keep it there ) , or via the notification drawer ( explained later , in the Notifications section ) .
Go back to the top .
Home Screens
Advertisement
Like iOS , Android can have many home screens .
On many phones , you 'll have five .
Some phones may have more or less .
Rather than left to right , your primary home screen ( or page , if you prefer to think of it that way ) starts in the middle with additional ones to the left and right .
On Android , you can display apps and make folders just like you did on iOS by tapping , holding , and dragging an app onto another app .
Android does n't force you to place anything on your home screen , however , so you have to do a little more work to make it look the way you want .
While this might seem more complicated and tedious , organizing your Android home screen offers several distinct advantages .
First , you do n't have to display any apps you do n't want and only the ones you do .
Second , you can add widgets that provide information and functionality .
Third , you can download custom launchers that let your home screen do even more for you , such as customize its appearance .
We 'll discuss all three in this section .
How to Add and Organize Apps and Widgets
Advertisement
Unlike iOS , Android does n't show all your apps on the home screen by default .
Instead , you can add your most important ones to your home screen and find the rest inside the app drawer .
The app drawer is a little icon ( in your home screen 's dock by default ) that you tap to view your entire collection of apps .
Once you 're inside your app drawer , tapping and holding any app will take you back to your home screen so you can create a shortcut .
Just place it wherever you want and you 're all done .
Alternatively , there is a second way to add shortcuts to your home screen .
While on the home screen , you can tap any empty space and hold for a moment .
This will bring up a menu asking you want you want to add .
Just choose the app you want and it'll appear on the home screen .
Tap and hold to move it around .
Advertisement
If you want to remove an app shortcut ( which will not uninstall the app ) , just drag it to the letter X at the top of the screen and let go .
Widgets work in the exact same ways .
If you tap an empty space on your home screen , choose the Widgets option to add a widget instead .
You can also add widgets from your app drawer by scrolling past all your apps and into the widget section .
Tapping and holding will allow you to place them on your home screen .
In the latest version of Android , you can also change their size by dragging along the edges .
Advertisement
How to Change Your Launcher
Advertisement
On Android , Launchers refer to your home screen and the functions surrounding it .
Unlike with iOS , you can download apps to replace the default option .
You 'll likely find little wrong with Android 's default launcher , but you can do a lot more with a custom option .
We 're big fans of Nova Launcher , but there are plenty of good options .
Each launcher has its various options , but most can customize icons , change home screen animations , pack more into your dock , and a lot more .
Changing your launcher does n't require more than downloading an option from the Google Play Store and opening it up .
If you like it , read the next section to learn about how to set it as your default app .
Five Best Android Launchers
Whether you 're tired of your stock home screen or just want a new and different way to interact …
Read more
Advertisement
Go back to the top .
Default Apps
Advertisement
In iOS , Apple forces you to use their apps as the defaults .
In Android , you do n't have to .
If you prefer a different navigation app for your driving needs or an alternative mail client , you can make the switch without much of a hassle .
All you have to do to change a default app is to download a new one and open it .
Next time an app is required for a specific function , such as opening an image , you 'll be asked which app you want to use for the job .
Simply selecting the new one and tapping the " Always " button to let Android know you want it to be the default for the indefinite future will make the change .
Advertisement
If you ever want to undo this change , you can clear the defaults pretty easily .
All you have to do is open your app drawer , find the current default app you want to clear , and tap and hold down on its icon like you 're going to add a shortcut to your home screen .
Instead of adding that shortcut , however , drag the app to the top of the screen where you 'll see the text " App Info . "
Let go and a screen will appear with a bunch of settings for that app .
You can do all sorts of things like force close it and clear its cache , but under the Defaults section you 'll find a " Clear Defaults " button .
Tap it and you 're all set .
Go back to the top .
Notifications
Advertisement
iOS ' Notification Center looked like a play straight out of Android 's book .
The pull - down notification drawer both mobile OS ' offer are very similar , though each comes with their own problems and conveniences .
Android offers a number of additional features in its notification drawer that you wo n't find in iOS .
You still drag down from the top of the screen to bring it up , but dismissing notifications is a little easier .
You can swipe any individual ones from left to right to get rid of them , or you can dismiss them all by tapping an icon up top that looks like three horizontal bars .
Android 's notification drawer also has a handy settings menu that you can view by tapping the little human icon in the upper - righthand corner .
This makes it easy to check battery status , toggle airplane mode , change screen brightness , and much more .
Advertisement
By default , Android does n't offer much in the way of Lock Screen notifications like iOS .
That said , you can get those back by simply installing an app called Locker Pro .
It not only provides a similar experience to iOS , but offers quick app launching shortcuts and ( in my opinion ) a better design .
Overall , you 'll like how notifications work on Android .
You can add any lacking functionality you liked about iOS through third - party apps and get a few bonus ' the operating system adds by default .
Advertisement
Go back to the top .
Maps and Navigation
Advertisement
When Apple released iOS 6 , it delivered turn - by - turn navigation for free just like Google brought to Android several years prior .
In most cases , Apple takes a lot longer than other companies but offers a better product when it finally comes out .
This was not the case with Maps , and so you 'll be very glad to make the switch to Google 's phenomenal built - in navigation .
You 'll also find yourself a little confused , as Google splits its Maps and Navigation apps into separate entities .
While this seems a little strange , and really does n't make a ton of sense , it 's not really a problem once you realize what 's going on .
When you want to find a place or get directions , you 'll use Maps .
Maps will provide you with directions .
It works very similarly to the way iOS 's Maps app worked prior to iOS 6 .
If you want turn - by - turn navigation , you just tap the navigation button after getting directions and the Maps app will launch the Navigation app to handle your request .
Again , this feels a little unnecessary and you 'll find you 're tapping through more menus and buttons than you would on iOS — strangely , even with Google 's official Maps app for iOS — but it 's a small price to pay for great navigation that 's fully - integrated with the operating system .
Advertisement
Go back to the top .
Voice Command and Virtual Assistance
Advertisement
Although Siri is n't perfect ( nobody is ) , she 's one of the better features of iOS .
You can ask her to set reminders , buy movie tickets , look up directions , and much more .
She 's also very easy to call upon by simply long - pressing the iPhone 's home button .
While Android 's voice commands ( e.g. search , getting directions , sending text messages ) tend to be smarter , faster , and generally better , you lose out on Siri 's personality and some of her functionality when you make the switch .
Of course , Android is n't without its alternatives .
Advertisement
In the past , we 've offered many Siri- alternative suggestions for Android and chose Vlingo as our favorite .
While Vlingo and many of the others are decent options , you 'll have to get used to different methods of activation ( e.g. shake to start ) and communicating .
For example , when you send a text message you 'll often have to do it in a single step .
With Siri , you might say " Text Whitson Gordon mobile " and then specify your message when prompted .
On Android you 'd say , " Text Whitson Gordon mobile ‘ What time is the movie again ? ' "
You 'll get used to these changes as you experience them .
Advertisement
Go back to the top .
Operating System Updates
Advertisement
When you have an iPhone , you have an official Apple device .
When you buy an Android , you do n't unless you purchase an official Google Nexus phone .
That means you 're at the mercy of your phone 's manufacturer — and , to a lesser extent , your carrier — when it comes to receiving system updates , and this can be very frustrating because these manufacturers often communicate about update availability poorly and take their sweet time .
If you have yet to switch to an Android and are simply considering it , we highly recommend purchasing a Nexus phone .
This way you 'll always receive updates as soon as Google releases them .
If you went with a non-Nexus Android phone , however , you might prefer flashing a ROM .
Go back to the top .
Battery Life
Advertisement
With a few exceptions , most Android phones just wo n't compare to your former iPhone in terms of battery life .
The differences may be minimal , but you wo n't be able to leave your phone on standby for a couple of days and still expect it to have a charge .
While there are some tactics you can enlist , most of them cause more inconvenience than they 're worth .
You 'll find it better to learn to cope , and manage just a couple of settings you can quickly toggle from your home screen .
Advertisement
Turn Off Radios You Are n't Using
Bluetooth and GPS radios will drain your battery more quickly but do n't need to remain active for the majority of your day .
One of the first things you should do when you 're setting up your home screens is add the settings widget included with Android .
Pictured to the right , you 'll see it has five settings toggles : Wi -Fi , Bluetooth , GPS , Sync , and Brightness .
Just toggle off Bluetooth and GPS when they 're not in use and toggle them on when they are .
This will improve your phone 's standby time significantly .
Advertisement
Make Charging Easy
Because most Android devices use micro-USB to charge , you probably already have a cable that 'll work .
In fact , your friends likely do as well .
Whenever you 're leaving your phone around at a friend 's house , do n't hesitate to ask to charge it .
If you want to ensure you always have a compatible cable , AViiQ makes pocketable USB cables with clips that you can take with you easily .
The goal is to make it easy to charge your device whenever you need to .
Keep a charger in your car , in your bag , at work , and a couple around the house .
Chargers do n't cost much , and micro-USB cables can always be repurposed for many other devices .
It does n't hurt to have a handful of them , and it can really help you ensure your phone has plenty of charge .
Alternatively , check if your phone offers an extended battery that does n't fatten up the phone too much .
Advertisement
All of this may seem like a lot of effort and , as a result , promote the idea that Android phones have terrible battery life .
While some may , my Nexus 4 manages 11 - 12 hours most days without issue and it is n't the most power - efficient Android device on the market .
Keeping many chargers around is simply a way to stay prepared and make sure you 're ready in the event you do find your battery running low .
Advertisement
Go back to the top .
Rooting and Flashing ROMs
Advertisement
Like jailbreaking on an iPhone , rooting Android provides additional privileges that allow you to do even more with your device .
For many iPhone users , Android provides so much more flexibility that rooting may seem unnecessary .
Personally , I only root for the purpose of creating an automated backup but there are many other reasons .
If you want to root , our always up - to - date guide provides instructions for the most popular Android devices .
Advertisement
Rooting your Android also leads to another , somewhat riskier proposition : flashing ROMs .
By default , your phone comes with a specific version of Android created by the phone 's manufacturer ( or that 's just plain stock Android if you 're using a Nexus device ) .
This version of Android is your phone 's default ROM , which you can often change to another that provides additional features , speed enhancements , and more .
Not all ROMs work on all phones and you can definitely brick your phone by failing to flash a ROM correctly .
If you want to give it a shot , check out our guide to choosing a ROM ( or our ROM guide for Nexus phones ) and then follow that ROM 's installation instructions for your phone .
If you need assistance , the XDA Developers Forum is a good place to start .
Advertisement
Go back to the top .
Find Great Alternatives to Your Favorite iOS Apps and Services
Advertisement
When switching to Android from iOS , you 'll need a lot of new apps .
Our Android App Directory provides a number of helpful suggestions in various categories , but many are the best options for Android users .
For those coming from iOS , here are some options you 'll want to check out :
Advertisement
This list just offers a few apps that helped me with the transition , but is by no means comprehensive .
Be sure to visit our Android App Directory and our Lifehacker App Pack for Android for more suggestions .
Advertisement
Go back to the top .
Discover the Other Benefits of Android
Advertisement
Android can do a lot of awesome stuff that your iPhone could n't .
You 'll find it fun to discover these new features as you explore everything the operating system has to offer .
Here are a few things you 'll want to check out :
Advertisement
This is just the beginning .
As you explore Android , you 'll likely find tons of new features that you love as well as apps and methods that help you through the transition .
Go back to the top .
Title imagesw by nmedia ( Shutterstock ) and Spasiblo ( Shutterstock ) .
Tonight I made Mayonnaise !
I needed some and was out of it .
This took 1 1/2 eggs , just a little over 3/4 cups of Oil ( the recipe called for Canola but all I had was peanut and it worked well ) , 1/8 cup of lemon juice , 1/2 teaspoon of mustard and some salt !
INCREDIBLE !
It took less than a minute to blend this and thicken it up .
It is so tasty .
However , I used raw eggs and I take my chances .
The recipe suggested Egg substitutes or pasteurized eggs ?
It is really lovely though ...
Container Gardening with KatG
Please visit my new cubit : La Cucina di Kat aka " Kat's Kitchen " Quote | Post # 90214 ( 3 )
You may not know this , but if you use Internet Explorer , you ’re slowing down the progress of the internet .
Most people merely visit websites .
They do n’t develop them .
They do n’t make applications for them .
They do n’t need to manage data flow into and out of them .
They just visit them .
Therefore , they do n’t think much about what ’s happening as they click from one place to another .
Those who design for the internet , however , will tell you that doing so is made magnitudes more difficult by the boneheads at Microsoft .
Their quest to keep open standards at bay , given how much they long for the days when their monopoly was intact , have led them to infect Internet Explorer and other software with proprietary ways of doing things .
That ’s fine when you ’re writing a letter to mom .
You do n’t care how your word processor makes a paragraph a paragraph .
It ’s not fine online , however .
Imagine designing a web interface that looks beautiful on Chrome , Firefox , Opera , Safari , and — oops ! — not Internet Explorer .
Sounds like a rare , unfortunate occurence , right ?
Nope .
It happens every darned time .
IE is the dipstick kid in the dunce cap who never frickin’ gets it .
And you know what ?
That dipstick is holding the whole room back .
Think how far ahead we’d be if we did n’t have to keep stopping to figure out how to make everything work with the dipstick .
Simple stuff , like displaying images where you place them , the stupid kid still ca n’t do !
When I write stupid , I mean stupid .
You would n’t believe the workarounds designers have to devise to make perfectly functional and standards - based websites work with the dipstick .
Imagine , every browser understands 1+1=2 .
Fine , until you get to IE , and then you have to go through something like this : [ if this user is stuck seeing the web with the dipstick ] [ then ] [ teach the dipstick how to get to 2 this way ] ( 456+342-432-356 ) / 5 = 2 .
No wonder IE is the slowest browser made .
Such a browser should be relegated to a tiny minority of online users who , frankly , still think the world is flat .
Instead , it ’s the most widely used browser because it ’s bundled on every PC and few people know that fresh air is only a free click and download away .
On platforms that do n’t include IE , such as Macs , it ’s not even available .
That should tell you something .
Nobody , when forced to make a choice , chooses it .
If we could just get a few more PC users to wake up and insist on standards - based browsers , which happen to sport better user interfaces and offer features you ’ll wonder how you ever lived without , then we might be able to stop slowing everybody down for the dipstick .
So , if you ’re reading this on IE , do yourself and everybody else online a huge favor and get with modern times .
Download and install either Chrome or Firefox , and know that you ’ve done a good deed even as you improved your own online experience .
From all of us online , thank you .
Here ’s a zip with original un - touched 4 k renders .
One shot ( cave ) even has bad AA , but that ’s because it was accidentally rendered without FSA . 🙂
Have fun with them , they ’re CC - attribute , as all other content here !
As prints on the wall they ’re awesome , and really make me look forward to seeing the whole film in 4 k too .
As expectations now are , we might well have the 4k version by the Blender Conference .
A 4 k screening then would be a great highlight !
download.blender.org/durian/posters-sintel.zip
- Ton -
( BTW : studio is nice quiet now !
Colin , Brecht and Soenke are still here though , working on the final finals ! )
A thousand years ago , popular birth control methods in the Western world included spitting into the mouth of a frog , eating bees and wearing the testicles of a weasel .
In Córdoba , Spain , which was supposed to be on the scientific cutting edge , women were told to leap up and down vigorously after sex , and then jump backward nine times .
This is by way of saying that on Sunday we celebrate the 50th anniversary of the birth control pill .
We live in troubled times .
But let ’s give thanks that we avoided the era of the weasel testicles .
Like a great many of our anniversaries , this one is a movable feast .
The Food and Drug Administration actually gave G.D. Searle the go - ahead to market the first oral contraceptive ( not counting bees ) on June 23 , 1960 .
But the F.D.A. announced its intention to approve the pill on May 9 , which also happens to be Mother ’s Day this year and , therefore , too good to resist .
This is a story about science , and obviously sex .
But it ’s also a saga about getting information .
American women had been limiting the size of their families long before the pill came along .
In the 19th century , the fertility rate was plummeting , and ads for everything from condoms to douching syringes helped keep urban newspapers solvent .
My favorite factoid from this period is that a company called National Syringe offered a model with changeable nozzles so it could be used for both birth control and watering plants .
He is a Democrat and former governor backed by the public employee unions that won the right to organize on his watch .
He rails against Wall Street greed and preaches the virtues of alternative energy .
She is a former corporate executive and billionaire Republican who forged ties with investment bankers and seldom voted until she decided to run for the state ’s highest office , vowing to slash spending by shedding tens of thousands of workers from government .
On the core issue facing California — finances — the two agree in principle that the state must rein in spending .
But that is where the similarities are likely to end .
As they prepare to do battle over who will become the next governor , Atty .
Gen. Jerry Brown and former EBay Chief Executive Meg Whitman bring with them contrasting backgrounds and starkly different approaches to the state ’s most pressing problems .
Whitman , who dispatched Republican rival Steve Poizner in Tuesday ’s primary , would undoubtedly be a strong ally in the Capitol for influential business leaders , who are pushing her candidacy .
Brown , in his current post and throughout his past , has advanced a populist message .
In the state ’s moderate middle , where the election will be won , the result may depend on who is perceived as most able to restore the lifestyle and promise that made California great : whether Brown is seen as a progressive visionary or a status quo politician kowtowing to tax - consuming liberal interests , and whether Whitman is seen as a no - nonsense manager who can impose discipline on a government out of control or a lackey of business at the expense of the average citizen .
Whitman , 53 , proposes scaling back state pensions , making employees work longer before they can collect retirement pay and cutting 40,000 state jobs .
She says she would also cut costs by improving computer technology , capping state spending and curbing debt .
She told farmers last month in Modesto : “ Caltrans built a $ 3.4 - million rest stop on one of our highways .
I want to live in that rest stop — $ 3.4 million ? …
We have a government we can no longer afford . ”
Her fiscal agenda is familiar .
Like Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger , she proposes to save money by finding fraud in social programs serving the old , disabled , unemployed and poor ; paring redundant agencies ; and reducing lifetime limits for welfare .
But in such efforts she would face a hostile , Democrat - controlled Legislature that is not required to take orders from a chief executive .
Brown , 72 , was known as a tight - fisted governor from 1975 to 1983 .
He believed in “ limits , ” which translated to a lack of investment in the roads , universities and other infrastructure that his father , Pat Brown , had built as governor before him .
He has been vague about how he would tame the budget , but as governor and in this race , his biggest allies have been the public employee unions whose agendas include preserving big , expensive healthcare and social service programs .
Yet he says he would slow the growth of social programs .
“ I think we ’re going to have to look at every one of them , ” Brown said in March .
“ I do n’t see a draconian cutback on Day One , but I see over the next several years an aligning of what we spend with what we collect . ”
Brown says he would not support a tax increase unless voters approved one ; Whitman says she would give tax cuts to businesses that would create jobs and bring in more revenue .
Her aides declined requests for an interview with her .
Noting that “ I travel Southwest , she has a private jet ” ( Whitman ’s aides say her plane has a propeller ) , Brown questioned the fiscal conservatism of a candidate who spent more than $ 80 million , most of it her own , to win the primary : “ She handles money one way .
I handle it another way — far more frugally . ”
But as governor , Brown signed laws allowing unionization of government employees , whose organizations have grown into California ’s most powerful Democratic interest groups .
“ You have somebody that ’s been part of a system — both he and his father in this state , over the last 50 years — and represents a line of more power to the unions , bigger pensions , bigger state spending , ” said Duf Sundheim , a former state Republican chairman .
On social issues , both are closer to the political center than to the extreme elements of their respective parties .
Brown has traditionally been socially liberal .
He opposes the death penalty .
He worked in India with Mother Teresa .
An early proponent of solar and other alternative energy and a champion of the environment , he has worked aggressively as attorney general to implement California ’s law to reduce global warming .
He sued the Bush administration for Schwarzenegger when it blocked California ’s tailpipe emissions standards .
But on other issues , such as law enforcement , Brown is further to the right .
He has opposed federal judges ’ push to release inmates from the state ’s overcrowded prisons and calls , as Whitman does , for reining in healthcare spending on prisoners .
Like many Republicans , Brown says local government should have more power .
In the past , Whitman has appeared socially moderate to liberal on abortion and the environment , donating $ 300,000 to the Environmental Defense Fund to protect the Delta habitat and taking an Arctic cruise to study global warming .
But this year she has framed her positions more conservatively , with an emphasis on helping business .
She has said recently that it is more important to get water flowing to farmers than to take steps to protect endangered fish .
And she has proposed delaying the state ’s global warming law , contending that it would hurt the economy .
Whitman has also suggested putting a moratorium on other government regulations .
In her policy agenda , laid out to voters in a glossy 46 - page booklet , she says every state agency should identify “ any negative impact ” of new rules .
Brown , on the other hand , has worked to enforce many state regulations , dragging California companies into court on consumer and worker protection issues .
And he has blamed Wall Street for the mortgage meltdown and economic crisis that have impoverished many Californians .
And the two differ on one of the mostly highly charged issues of the primary campaign , which Brown largely sat out for lack of a major opponent .
Whitman has promised to make it much harder for illegal immigrants to be in California .
She opposes amnesty for those here illegally and says she wants tougher enforcement at the border .
And she says she ’ll go after employers who hire undocumented workers .
Brown has avoided using his powers as attorney general to pressure the federal government to enforce immigration laws .
In March , he accused Whitman and Poizner of pandering on the issue .
“ Yes , protect our border .
Yes , enforce the law , ” Brown said . " [ But ]
I ’m not going to scapegoat immigrants and public servants and poor people . ”
michael.rothfeld@latimes.com
FEDEFUTBOL se pronunció sobre posibilidad de Marcel Hernández de jugar con Costa Rica
Marcel Hernández , delantero cubano del Cartaginés , ha dejado claro sus deseos por llegar a defender los colores de la Selección de Costa Rica .
The ancient Aboriginal rock carving known as ' Climbing Man ' ( C ) is shown in this photo taken on the Burrup Peninsula in Australia in 2008 .
Prehistoric man enjoyed a primitive version of cinema , according to Austrian and British researchers , who are currently seeking to recreate these ancient visual displays .
Prehistoric man enjoyed a primitive version of cinema , according to Austrian and British researchers , who are currently seeking to recreate these ancient visual displays .
Rock engravings from the Copper Age found all over Europe in remote , hidden locations , indicate the artwork was more than mere images , researchers from Cambridge University and Sankt Poelten 's university of applied sciences ( FH ) in Austria believe .
" The cliff engravings ... in our opinion are not just pictures but are part of an audiovisual performance , " Frederick Baker of Cambridge University 's Museum of Archaeology and Anthropology said in a statement Tuesday .
" There was still no moving image but ( the pictures ) created sequences like in animation ... this was not just a treat for the eyes but also for the ears , as these rock engravings are especially found in locations with particular echoes .
" In this sense , the rock engravings are not just static images but pictures that created a story in the mind of the viewer -- just like at the cinema , " said Baker .
Cambridge University and FH Sankt Poelten have now launched a " Prehistoric Picture Project " with Weimar 's Bauhaus university in Germany to recreate these films , using computer technology to establish the sequence of images and animate them like in a cartoon .
The " movies , " dating back to 4000 to 1000 BC , often depict fights , dances or hunts , but interestingly never show death and rarely portray women , the project 's coordinators said .
The project is being conducted in Valcamonica , in Italy 's northern Lombardy region , where the highest concentration of such engravings -- some 100,000 pictures -- can be found .
Explore further Ancient drawing of mammoth found in Cheddar caves
( c ) 2010 AFP
Are you truly prepared to survive a rampage of the undead ?
Because it 's not just a matter of stockpiling MREs and shotgun ammo ; you need to train for some serious fight - and - flight situations .
That 's the idea behind ZombieFit , an exercise class in St. Charles , Illinois .
To prepare for Z - Day , students do cardio , lift weights , and practice parkour maneuvers in a foam rubber mock - up of an urban environment .
" It 's about being quick and efficient with your movements , " explains instructor Jesse Randall .
" If the zombies come , you 're going to need to conserve your energy . "
If ?
I think he means when .
Survival Workout — — — — —-
1 Climb
Zombies are n't very spry , so climbing over barriers is a key evasive maneuver .
Practice on a wall that 's a little taller than you .
Extra training : Pull - ups , bench dips
Muscles worked : Core , triceps , deltoids
2 Free Fall
Jumping off a roof may provide temporary respite , but break a leg on landing and you 're dinner .
Cushion the impact by extending your legs and touching down on the balls of your feet .
Then get up and make tracks .
Extra training :
Toe raises
Muscles worked : Calves , hamstrings
3 Hurdle
Run at a sturdy obstacle — park bench , subway turnstile , picnic table .
Dive forward , placing both hands on the object , and swing your legs up to your chest .
The momentum will propel you over .
Extra training : Air squats , push - ups , sit-ups
Muscles worked : Pecs , delts , quads
4 Breakaway
" Extricating yourself from a zombie 's grasp uses every muscle in your body , " says Rich Gatz of Zombie Fit .
Practice by lifting and tossing a big object like a tractor tire .
Extra training : Resistance running , weighted pull - ups and push - ups
Muscles worked : Lats , core , hamstrings
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Rw2Xj37KTOg
WASHINGTON — Top executives from Exxon Mobil Corp. , Chevron Corp. and Royal Dutch Shell PLC sought to distance themselves from rival BP PLC before a congressional panel Tuesday , then took tongue - lashings from lawmakers who accused them of relying on sloppy , " cookie cutter " plans for responding to large - scale oil spills .
The finger - pointing came hours before news that the oil spill was even worse than previously thought .
Scientists ...
If you ’ve ever wondered why witches used to fly around on broomsticks and what it was that Santa Claus drank that made him launch into the air with his reindeer , then this book is a must .
The Long Trip is a slightly revised and updated version of Devereux ’s original 1997 excursion into psychedelia ’s prehistory , as well as its ancient and recent history .
The main message of this book is that psychedelic substances have been used the world over for millennia , not just recreationally but primarily for magico - spiritual and healing purposes , that is , as sacramental substances .
Delving into aspects of archaeology many academics would choose to ignore , The Long Trip embarks on a journey to unearth the visionary past of our ancestors , leaving little doubt that for almost as long as human culture has been around , us humans have been using substances to alter our consciousness .
Early stashes of bags containing opium poppies have been found in Neolithic burial sites in southern Europe which were likely burnt on braziers and inhaled .
It ’s during this Neolithic period in Europe that there began an apparent shift from a “ smoking complex ” to a “ drinking complex ” when psychoactive fumes gave way to potions and brews , as evidenced by ornate jugs shaped to resemble the heads of opium poppies .
Moving into the historical period , the ancient Greek historian Herodotus documented the outgoing smoking complex ( now back in vogue , of course , across much of the globe ) in noting the Scythian ’s howls of pleasure from inhaling cannabis .
Other ancient texts from most everywhere in the Old World testify to the cultural and spiritual importance of certain magical plants and fungi , though often researchers disagree as to which modern substances they refer to .
The mysterious identity of the divine soma from the ancient Indian holy book the Rig Veda has long puzzled scholars , with almost every possible psychedelic entity from the red and white spotted Amanita muscaria mushroom to the Syrian rue bush ( Peganum harmala ) being proffered as the likely candidate .
A similar enigma exists with the identity of the potion called kykeon , used during the secret initiation rites of the ancient Greeks as part of the Eleusinian mysteries .
Shrouded in secrecy under pain of death , this poorly - documented tradition continued for a period of some 2000 years from about 1600 BCE onwards , and included such luminaries as Plato and Cicero .
As with soma we find the same scholars holding their favoured psychedelic substances responsible for the unknown sacramental .
Perhaps the most compelling suggestion is Wasson , Hofmann and Ruck ’s thesis that , given as the rites were made in honour of Demeter , a Goddess of grain , then the mysterious ingredients of kykeon probably contained some derivative of ergot , a grain fungus which is known to have psychedelic alkaloids and which is the basic building block for LSD .
It ’s extraordinary to think that some of the greatest ancient Greek and Roman philosophers and leaders were initiated into an LSD cult which lasted two millennia .
The likelihood that it is true is strengthened by learning that the next most important sacred site of ancient Greece , the temples of Delphi , probably also had psychedelic origins .
Woman operating there as oracles either inhaled psychoactive fumes rising up from fissures in the rocks or they partook of psychedelic plants , such as henbane ( Hyoscyamus niger ) , sacred to the temple ’s later patron , Apollo .
It ’s not just in the Old World that we find such abundant psycho-spiritual use of psychedelics .
The Long Trip also presents a short round - up of prehistoric ethnobotany in the Americas , where we find the ancient consumption of a dazzling array of psychedelic substances for shamanic purposes .
Everything from peyote cactus ( Lophophora Williamsii ) to toad venom – within a psychedelic pharmacopeia including water lilies , mushrooms , vines , beans , climbers , shrubs and trees – all known to have been used by the indigenous peoples from Canada to Chili .
The use of these substances for magico - religious purposes is still practiced , and in many cases goes back several thousand years according to the archeological evidence .
It is even thought that some of the oldest remnants of human culture , Paleolithic rock art , depicts the kinds of geometric visionary experiences that occur during altered states such as those induced through the ingestion of psychoactive flora and fauna .
These patterns , known as form constants or ( perhaps erroneously – see Luke , 2010 ) as entoptics , occur universally in psychedelic states and are a prominent feature of psychedelically - inspired artwork both old and modern .
The Long Trip is clearly a unique and essential investigation into the archaeology of consciousness and , as with any good insight into the extremities of the mind , it is punctuated throughout with extraordinary accounts of otherworldly experiences by ‘ psychonauts ’ throughout the ages .
One such account is Le Club des Haschischins founder Théophile Gautier ’s near - infinitely long trip on hashish , which , like this book , describes a mind blowing psychedelic journey through time .
However , some of the accounts reach into the not - so - distant past and Devereux ’s own epic maiden voyage on LSD in the 1960s is one of the most lucid and liquescent accounts of a psychedelic experience this side of Huxley ’s Doors of Perception .
Accounts of such shamanic - like expeditions give authenticity to the book ’s further explorations into psychedelic substances as inducers of interspecies communication , psychic abilities , problem solving creativity and a host of other transformative transpersonal experiences :
As Devereux notes , “ it is a culturally - engineered cliché to dismiss such states as somehow delusional . ”
So , while this second edition is a tad thinner than the original , having left behind the chapter on shamanic landscapes , it has some revisions and updates to the text and , probably more than ever in the last few thousand years , it is vitally important in situating our current drug laws as just brief modern misconceptions .
This review was written by , and is reproduced here with the expressed permission of , Dr. David Luke .
It originally appeared as : Luke , D. ( 2010 ) .
The archaeology of ecstasy : Review of ‘ The long trip ’ .
Network Review : Journal of the Scientific and Medical Network , 102 , 58 - 59 .
The Long Trip : A Prehistory of Psychedelia ( 2nd edition ) – Paul Devereux ( 2008 ) – Brisbane , Australia : Daily Grail Publishing .
250 pages with illustrations , references , notes , bibliography and index .
ISBN - 9780975720059
References :
Luke , D. ( 2010 ) .
Rock art or Rorschach .
Is there more to entoptics than meets the eye ?
Time & Mind : Journal of Archaeology , Consciousness and Culture , 3 ( 1 ) , 9 - 28 .
The Mel - tdown continues , with Radar Online posting audio from Mel Gibson 's second phone rant at Oksana Grigorieva , mother of his 8 - month - old daughter .
It 's the second such recording to leak inside of a week .
What makes this second recording particularly insidious is that Gibson 's rage carries over into a death threat , when he tells Grigorieva that he 'll put her " in a f — — rose garden … Because I 'm capable of it . "
Here 's a transcript of the audio — although you do miss out on Gibson 's huffing and puffing in between screeds ; it sounds like he 's ranting while running a marathon .
Oksana Grigorieva : Yes ?
Mel Gibson : Stay on this phone and do n't hang up on me .
I have plenty of energy to drive over there .
You understand me ?
AND I WILL !
SO JUST F —— LISTEN TO ME .
LISTEN TO MY F —— RANTING .
LISTEN TO WHAT YOU DO TO ME .
OG : I did n't do anything to you .
MG : A pain in the ass !
OG : You are ruining my life !
MG : You make my life so f — — difficult !
OG : Well you know what , it 's so –
MG : Why can't you be a woman who f — — supports me instead of a woman that sucks off me .
And just f — — sucks me dry .
And wants , and wants .
Go through this relationship if you 're a good woman and you love me .
I do n't believe you anymore .
I 'm sick of your bulls — !
Has any relationship ever worked with you ?
NO !
OG : Listen to me .
You do n't love me because somebody who loves does not behave this way .
( crosstalk )
MG : Shut the f— up .
I know I 'm behaving like this because I know absolutely that you do not love me and you treat me with no consideration .
OG : One second please .
Can I please speak ?
MG : I love you because I 've treated you with every kindness , every consideration .
You rejected … you will never be happy .
F— you !
Get the f— away from me !
But my daughter is important !
All right ?
Now , you have one more chance .
And I mean it .
Now f — — go if you want , but I will give you one more chance .
( huffing with anger )
You make me wanna smoke .
You f—– my day up .
You care about yourself .
OG : You 're so selfish .
MG : When I 've been so f — — good to you .
You f — — try to destroy me .
OG : I did n't do anything .
I did not do anything .
This is your selfish imagination .
That 's bull !
MG : Shut the f— up !
You should just f — — smile and blow me !
' Cause I deserve it .
OG : I 'm sleeping with the baby .
I 'm waking up every two hours .
I fell asleep because I was waiting for you because you were n't ready to go to the jacuzzi as we agreed .
MG : Who the f— cares ?
We agreed nothing .
You agreed .
You just f — — expect s — .
Go to the g–damn jacuzzi yourself , go down to the f — — jacuzzi .
You have no f — — soul !
My soul is screaming because you do n't have one to join mine .
You have no f — — soul .
I left my wife because we had no spiritual common ground .
You and I have none .
Zero .
You wo n't even f — — try .
( huffing again )
You do n't care .
You do n't care .
OG : You just enjoy insulting me .
That 's all .
MG : F — you , I so f — — do .
Because you 've hurt me so bad .
You insult me with every look , every breath , every heartbeat .
OG : I did not do anything .
I apologize for nothing .
MG : What ?
What ?
You apologize for nothing ?
Well then you 're a dishonest c — !
Because you need to apologize for a reason .
OG : I wanted to have peace .
You are unbalanced .
MG : Instinctively , I feel that .
And I will not be patronized by you .
OG : You 're unbalanced .
You need medication .
MG : If you will not f — — admit that , then get the f— out .
I will make your g–damn life miserable .
Alright ?
OG : You need medication .
MG : What ?
What ?
OG : You need medication .
MG : I need a woman , not a f — — little girl with a f — – dysfunctional c — .
I need a f — — woman .
I do n't need medication .
You need a f — — bat to the side of the head .
All right ?
How about that ?
You need a f — — doctor .
You need a f — — brain transplant .
You need a f — — … you need a f — — soul .
I need medication ?
I need someone who f — — treats me like a man , like a human being .
With kindness , who understands what gratitude is because I f — — bend over backwards with my balls in a knot .
and she gives me s— with a f — — sour look and says I 'm mean .
What the f— is that ?
This is mean !
Get it !
You get it now ?
What mean is ?
Get it ?
( huffing )
You f — — do n't care about me .
I 'm having a hard time and you f — — yank the rug , you bitch .
You f — — , selfish bitch .
Do n't you dare hang up on me .
OG : I can't listen to this anymore .
MG : You hang up , I 'm coming over there .
OG : I 'll call the police .
MG : What ?
OG : I 'll call the police .
MG : You f — — c — .
I 'm coming to my house .
You 're in my house , honey .
OG : Yes , but you … do n't call me honey .
MG : You 're in my house , so I 'll call the police and tell them there 's someone in my house .
How about that ?
OG : You can do that .
That 's fine .
MG : F — you !
I do n't involve the police in anything because I stand up for myself .
You , you weak c— , you call the f — — cops .
OG : Then I will go to Alicia 's right now .
MG : Why do n't you f— off to that c— bitch Alicia's .
She was f — — making eyes at me .
She 'd have s—– me in 5 seconds .
Take that one up with her .
I was trying to spare your g–damn feelings .
She 'd have b— - me in 5 seconds !
She 's not your friend .
You do n't have any f — — friends except me .
And you treat me like s— .
So that 's why I 'm so f — — angry .
Because I do n't have any friends .
And I try to make one from you and you treat me like s— and you f — — use me .
The career is over !
And boy , when I said that , you lit out of here faster than I 've ever seen you before .
And now you 'll be at Alicia 's place .
You just showed me what you are .
Absolutely .
Unequivocally .
OG : I do n't care if you do n't spend another penny .
Listen to me , Mel , I do n't give a damn if you do n't spend another penny on me .
MG : Oh yes you do !
OG : I 'm just fearing for the life of my daughter .
MG : You 'll find some other f—– to pay for you .
OG : Listen to me …
MG : You 're a c— and a whore !
That 's what you are and you have just proved it .
You got out of here in record time .
OG : Because I 'm saving my life and my daughter 's life .
That 's what I 'm doing .
I do n't give a damn about my music .
And I do n't give a damn about you spending another penny .
I 'm saving her life .
You almost killed us , did you forget ?
MG :
The last three years have been a f — — gravy train for you .
OG : You were hitting a woman with a child in her hands .
You !
What kind of a man is that , hitting a woman when she 's holding a child in her hands ?
Breaking her teeth , twice , in the face .
What kind of man is that ?
MG : Oooh , you 're all angry now !
You know what , you f — — deserved it .
OG : You 're gonna answer , one day , boy , you 're gonna answer .
MG : Huh ?
What ?
Are you threatening me ?
OG : Nothing , nothing .
I 'm not the one to threaten .
MG : I 'm threatening you ?
I 'll put you in a f — — rose garden , you c — .
You understand that ?
Because I 'm capable of it .
You understand that ?
Get a f — — restraining order .
For what ?
What are you gonna get a restraining order for ?
For me being drunk and disorderly ?
For hitting you ?
For what ?
Given that the Enterprise can only handle 15,000 bd at most , this is one of the reasons why the ports remain open and that the system to draw off additional oil through the choke and kill lines is being accelerated .
If all were carrying the same flow ( and if of the same size and driving pressure this is a reasonable assumption ) then the flow will rise to just over 13,000 bd when all the ports are closed , and there will still be leakage under the cap to be reduced .
The closing of one of the ports on the cap is now reported to have increased flow by 600 bd .
The rate of oil recovery from the Deepwater well in the Gulf of Mexico has increased from the 6,000 bd recovered on Friday , to some 10,000 bd which was recovered on Saturday .
This is the current flow ( note the white spot in the cloud which is the triangular shape at the bottom of the cap ) .
Flow at 10 am Sunday
And this was the picture that I posted from the same ROV at the time that the cap was installed
From Skandi ROV 2 10:55 pm 4th June
The triangular elements at the bottom of the cap are more evident .
Now the ROV may have moved , but the depth of the cloud beyond the cap is roughly the same , suggesting the same pressure driving it , and if the gap is the same size , then the volume leaving through the base of the cap may well be the same .
The 4,000 bd increase in flow has thus , likely come from the closing of one or more of the relief ports that allowed oil to escape from the top of the cap .
BP illustration of the cap , showing the relief ports with valves
This cap is likely to stay in place for a couple of weeks , until BP can fabricate and install the next step , which will be to reverse the flow of fluid through the choke and kill lines , so that some of the flow can be directed up to the Q4000 .
This will both help with managing the flow , and also give an alternate path for oil to be recovered , when this first cap is removed .
Update : I had assumed that they had closed most of the ports on the cap to achieve the 10,500 barrels per day flow , but it turns out that so far they have only closed one , and in relation to the numbers at the top of the post , I am not sure when that was done .
Reddit Community Rallies To Rescue Condemned Shelter Animals
Like us on Facebook :
The current article you are reading does not reflect the views of the current editors and contributors of the new Ecorazzi
A cool act of kindness happened yesterday on Reddit.com — the social networking site where you “ vote ” stories up or down to have them hit the main page .
( If you ’ve used Digg.com it ’s similar , but Reddit ’s community IMHO is much better . )
Anyways , someone noticed that a dog named “ Rambo ” was less than 24 hours away from being euthanized at a pet shelter and posted the headline “ I ’m just a Pup but my time ’s almost up … and I ’m asking Reddit for help . ”
The story took off , hit the front page , and a huge discussion on saving shelter animals from an untimely end resulted not just in Rambo being adopted — but several other condemned animals as well .
Said one commenter , “ It ’s times like these that restore my faith in humanity a little . ”
Also cool — some members have created a subgroup on the site specifically dedicated to helping rescue both cats and dogs .
Sure , this but a small save in a sea of lives lost daily to overwhelmed pet shelters — but to a dog like Rambo , a little social networking made all the difference .
Get Style
Everything a man needs to know to look his best , all in one place .
From how to tie a tie , to how to rock a suit , to how to get the perfect haircut , we ’ve got you covered .
Dr. Strange Days : Is the Sorcerer Supreme First For Marvel / Disney Films ?
Though his last shot at breaking into Hollywood was in the form of an animated direct - to - video DVD , recent rumors suggest that Dr. Strange , Marvel 's Sorcerer Supreme , could have a more auspicious live - action debut as the first character to have a film released under the new Marvel / Disney banner .
Co-created in 1963 by Stan Lee and Steve Ditko , the Dr. Strange movie rights have been shuffled from studio to studio , and attached to a number of writers and directors including , at one point , Hellboy director Guillermo Del Toro .
However , the world 's most renowned supernatural neurosurgeon returned to Marvel 's control as part of Disney 's multi-billion dollar acquisition .
Now Deadline | New York is reporting that Marvel has hired the writers of the Conan relaunch , Thomas Donnelly and Joshua Oppenheimer , to pen the script , but no director has been named as of yet .
Hundreds of skimming boats prepared Friday to return to calmer gulf waters in the wake of Hurricane Alex and resume cleanup of the massive BP oil spill , which scientists now predict is likely to reach the Florida Keys and Miami in the months ahead .
Using computer simulations based on 15 years of wind and ocean current data , the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration released a report Friday showing a 61 % to 80 % chance of the oil spill reaching within 20 miles of the coasts of the Florida Keys , Fort Lauderdale and Miami , mostly likely in the form of weathered tar balls .
Shorelines with the greatest chance of being soiled by oil — 81 % to 100 % — stretch from the Mississippi River Delta to the western Florida Panhandle , NOAA scientists said in a statement on its projections for the next four months .
Other areas of Florida have a low probability of oil hits .
The Florida Panhandle has already seen tar balls wash up on beaches .
But the chances of oil reaching east - central Florida and the Eastern Seaboard are less than 1 % to 20 % , NOAA said .
And it is “ increasingly unlikely ” that areas above North Carolina will be hit .
Meanwhile , officials were moving skimming vessels back to sea and were trying to protect the ecologically sensitive Chandeleur Sound area , said Coast Guard Adm.
Paul Zukunft .
“ It ’s going to be a long weekend from an oil spill response perspective , ” Zukunft said Friday .
All skimming boats from Louisiana to the Florida Panhandle had been idle for three days because of dangerously high waves .
Officials hoped to move another containment ship above the gushing well by Wednesday to nearly double the 25,000 barrels of oil being recovered daily .
As many as 60,000 barrels a day are spewing from the well , according to government estimates .
An operation to drill a relief well , the ultimate solution to stopping the leak , is seven to eight days ahead of its mid-August target date for completion .
But Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen , the national incident commander , said Friday : “ I am reluctant to tell you it will be done before the middle of August because I think everything associated with this spill and response recovery suggests that we should under - promise and over - deliver . ”
BP and the Coast Guard worked out an agreement Friday with wildlife groups in response to concerns that sea turtles were being incinerated when oil slicks are burned .
The parties agreed to convene a group of scientists to develop plans for monitoring future controlled burns , said Cathy Liss , president of the Washington - based Animal Welfare Institute , lead plaintiff in a lawsuit on the issue .
Liss said the officials also agreed to notify her group of any burns conducted after Tuesday and whether they have a biologist or other trained observer nearby to protect the turtles .
Officials had halted such burns through Tuesday because of the weather .
The environmental groups had initially requested a temporary restraining order to prevent the burns .
Meanwhile , U.S. Fish and Wildlife officials were making plans to start shipping thousands of sea turtle eggs marked for collection along the shores of Alabama and western Florida to the Kennedy Space Center this month .
Starting July 12 , turtle eggs will be removed from nests , placed in boxes and shipped in special climate - controlled , vibration - resistant FedEx trucks to a climate - controlled , predator - proof warehouse at the space center , Jacksonville , Fla. - based Fish and Wildlife spokesman Chuck Underwood said .
Hatchlings will be released at various locations and times along the nearby Space Coast to avoid drawing predators , he said .
Federal officials also announced that stopover grounds would be created along the Gulf Coast in an effort to assist some of the millions of birds that will soon begin their fall migration .
Paul Schmidt , assistant director for migratory birds at the Fish and Wildlife Service , said it would be impossible to redirect vast numbers of migrating birds around the still - expanding oil slicks .
But he said safe grounds for feeding and breeding could be created in coastal marshes and up to 100 miles inland .
He said conservation groups would work with private landowners to flood crop fields , cut out invasive plants that have overgrown some habitats and burn off some plants to open more ground for the birds .
On the economic side , new efforts were underway in the courts and Congress to deal with the financial effects of the spill .
A coalition of business groups and Sen. Mary L. Landrieu ( D - La. ) filed a brief urging the U.S. 5th Circuit Court of Appeals to uphold a judge ’s ruling striking down the Obama administration ’s six - month deep - water drilling moratorium in the gulf .
Also , a bipartisan group of Gulf Coast lawmakers launched a drive to pass a package of tax breaks to aid struggling businesses hurt by the spill .
richard.simon@latimes.com
molly.hennessy-fiske@latimes.com
Times staff writers Bob Drogin in New Orleans and Nicole Santa Cruz in Los Angeles contributed to this report .
Yes , really .
The Boy Scouts of America have finally recognized that most important of modern children 's pastimes with the creation of a " Video Games " belt loop and pin .
However , our initial excitement on this momentous day is drastically lessened after reading how one goes about earning them .
Here are the belt loop 's three requirements :
Explain why it is important to have a rating system for video games .
Check your video games to be sure they are right for your age .
With an adult , create a schedule for you to do things that includes your chores , homework , and video gaming .
Do your best to follow this schedule .
Learn to play a new video game that is approved by your parent , guardian , or teacher .
To go on and earn the pin , Scouts will need to teach adults how to play videogames , participate in a family gaming tournament , and learn how to comparison shop for prices .
In other words , the Boy Scouts are n't interested in how many digits you have in your Gamerscore , do n't care how stuffed your Trophy Room is , and shun your techniques for surviving the latest Trials HD expansion .
We , however , are all ears . :
We 're getting a number of e-mails upset that this post does not explicitly point out that these awards are for the Cub Scouts , not for the Boy Scouts .
Mind you , the Cub Scouts are most definitely a part of the greater Boy Scouts of America organization , and anyone who knows anything about the BSA in the first place knows that pins and belt loops are exclusively for Cub Scouts .
So , chill , yeah ?
Also , we 're still waiting on that Trials HD advice -- we can't get 10 feet on those new Extreme levels without repeated faceplants .
Image caption Outside , looking in : Many UK Iraqis want to shift the focus from Chilcot to Iraq
The inquiry into the 2003 Iraq war has drawn much heat and analysis as it examines the conflict , its run-up and aftermath .
But as it resumes , what do Iraqis living in the UK make of it ?
When Tony Blair gave evidence to the Iraq inquiry , the panel 's questions were probing and the six - hour session intense .
Sir John Chilcot and his committee questioned his decision to take the UK to war in 2003 , his dealings with coalition ally US President George W Bush and what he had learned from the chaotic fallout .
But as the former prime minister - the most high - profile of the politicians , Whitehall mandarins and lawyers to come before the inquiry - faced the panel , tones were measured .
Had he come face to face with exiled Iraqis in west London , however , it 's likely the reception he faced would have been more passionate .
Words digested
After a break for the UK general election , the Iraq inquiry is reconvening to hear more evidence at the QEII conference centre just off Parliament Square .
Former UN chief weapons inspector Hans Blix , former Defence Secretary Bob Ainsworth and two previous heads of the army - General Sir Mike Jackson and General Sir Richard Dannatt - are among those who will be called to the inquiry in its coming sessions .
What witnesses say there has been digested , along with fish , salad and pitta bread , across town at the community centre lunch of the UK's Iraqi Association .
It was very good for the Iraqis and Iraqi British to see the head of the government called to account for his decision Hashim Ali , Iraqi youth worker on Blair at the inquiry
For guests , gone are the early days of the conflict when many exiled Iraqis felt war was the price to pay for Saddam 's removal .
Now , days after a series of bomb attacks killed more than 100 people in Iraq , there is red - hot anger , resignation , and a feeling that a third examination of aspects of the war , after the Hutton and Butler reports , is a waste of the £ 2.2 m inquiry cost so far .
" It 's no use to ask them now , ' What 's the war for ? " says Jinan Maki , a 67 - year - old grandmother , economist and exile of the last 10 years , as she finishes lunch .
" Tony Blair 's a very bad man .
He destroyed the country .
He should rebuild the country . "
She is not alone in her view here that the inquiry is pointless and diverts money and minds from the real issue - rebuilding a country damaged by war , in - fighting and a coalition with no post - invasion plan .
But the Iraqi Association 's youth worker Hashim Ali offers a more optimistic view .
For him , the so - called big days of the inquiry - with a former prime minister giving evidence - are an " impressive indicator " of functioning democracy .
" It was very good for the Iraqis and Iraqi British to see the head of the government called to account for his decision , " he says .
But for others that accountability is not enough .
As Jabbar Hasan , director of the Iraqi Association , puts it : " If they made Iraq into the paradise they promised , no - one would talk of this inquiry .
" What 's the purpose of finding out whether this war was legal or not - are you going to prosecute the people who decided , the hundreds of MPs who voted for it ? "
' Rats like dogs '
Iraq 's infrastructure Many homes have no running water
45 % of the population have access to clean drinking water
Only 18 % of Iraqis satisfied with electricity supply
3.1 % of Iraqis ' food insecure '
Fourth - largest proven oil reserves in world Iraq : Key facts and figures
Instead , he says , the focus should be on the " disaster " which happened after the war - the lack of a post - war strategy which allowed insurgencies to grow in the power vacuum , destroying infrastructure , civil society and killing thousands .
" What happened after the war was the disaster to us , " he says .
" Oil revenues are put at billions a year , but we do n't have medical facilities like MRI .
" Each rat is as big as a dog , sewers are destroyed , water is only on for a few hours in the day , it 's not good quality , it 's not safe to wash yourself . "
A major part of the Iraq inquiry 's remit is to look into the planning for the aftermath of the war .
Daily reality
The Iraqis at their meeting in Hammersmith have enjoyed a pre-lunch talk on health services in the borough - the kind of infrastructure they can only dream of , should there be enough foreign investment and an end to corruption in their homeland .
More pressing for them than talk in Westminster about events in 2003 is the struggle their relatives face in going about day - to - day life in Iraq now .
Kidnappings and violence have reduced , but the society is still armed after armies and militias were disbanded .
There is great pessimism that rebuilding can be delivered in the future .
The country is in limbo after 7 March general elections failed to deliver a clear decision on a new government .
Talks to resolve the situation grind on amid recounts and violent protests from ordinary Iraqis over the breakdown in services such as the electricity supply .
If they made Iraq into the paradise they promised , no - one would talk of this inquiry Jabbar Hasan , Iraqi Association director
Mr Ali , the youth worker in London , lost a brother under Saddam but can speak now of nephews and nieces in Iraq who , despite the strife with militias and corruption , feel the inconclusive March election in Iraq was " the greatest step in Iraq 's history " .
' Death on the road '
As Mrs Maki says , Britons living in a stable democracy might have some inkling of the impact of a lack of leadership : " In Britain there was no government for a few days after the election .
In Iraq , there 's been none for almost three months . "
" I want to build a country .
Iraq was n't like this before .
It was a good country , a stable country .
We had security , even under Saddam Hussein , we lived in peace .
" Now , everybody they kill for nothing .
I 'm not young but I 've never seen my country in such a condition .
" I feel very angry when I see the pictures on the television .
It looks like Afghanistan now .
I did n't like Saddam Hussein but under him you did n't see death on the road . "
Tug towards homeland
On the table in the Iraqi Association 's meeting rooms are flyers promoting passenger flights to Baghdad .
They have increased in number and come down in price , allowing exiles to visit their families and entertain the idea of taking their skills home to work - corruption , safety and opportunities permitting , that is .
But the association says they also bring a new wave of migrants .
Last year there were 845 asylum applications to the UK from Iraq and they are still arriving - although the UK government has begun to deport failed asylum seekers back to Iraq .
There is also real fear among exiled Iraqis .
Some are reluctant to give their full name or be photographed for fear of drawing unwanted attention to families at home .
Many have lost relatives since the conflict began - Mrs Maki's two nephews were killed in attacks .
She says : " My 27 - year - old nephew was killed by some terrorists .
He was working in a money exchange shop and they killed him and his friends working together as clerks . "
One woman , Khawlh , says she worries for her siblings in Baghdad .
Her cousin was killed in a car bomb , leaving five children fatherless .
" I want to go back and visit but Iraq is still not safe , " she says .
" Life is so difficult , there 's bombs everywhere . "
It goes without saying that comics , like everything else in the word , have changed quite a bit since the '60s .
Art style , storytelling technique , even the identities of the characters themselves are drastically different today than they were at the height of the Silver Age .
Stretching from the '50s to the ' 70s , the Silver Age was considered by a lot of people to be marked by the endless status - quo - preserving silliness of Red Kryptonite , imaginary stories and a surplus of talking gorillas .
There were rigid rules as to just what characters could and could n't do ( " Everyone knows Superman can never lie ... " ) , and entire stories built around explaining why they were breaking them ( " ... so why is he telling Lois Lane that he has no super - powers ? ! " ) .
In a lot of ways , comics have moved away from this sort of storytelling , instead preferring to deal with more humanized heroes , but in the world of super - heroes , things can often be strangely cyclical .
The creators of today are influenced by the stories they read growing up , and that often results in stories that are eerily reminiscent of what has gone before .
That 's why today , I 've taken some time to imagine what the DC comics of today might look like if they came out 40 years ago !
And if we expand things a little to cover independent comics ...
News , views and top stories in your inbox .
Do n't miss our must - read newsletter Sign up Thank you for subscribing
We have more newsletters
Show me See our privacy notice Invalid Email
Cannabis researchers have discovered a chemical in the brain which reverses the " munchies " and may combat chronic obesity .
The natural appetite suppressant could save the NHS millions each year in treating overweight pateients , , say scientists investigating why pot smokers get sudden , intense hunger pangs .
The University of Manchester researchers identified the peptide hemopressin in the " reward " part of the brain and found it can neutralise the effects of eating for pleasure caused by other chemicals called agonists .
Team leader Dr Garron Dodd says in the Journal of Neuroscience : " One such agonist is cannabis .
It hijacks the cannabinoid system and leads to what is referred to as the ' munchies ' .
" Hemopressin , which acts in reverse , could open up new avenues of treatment for obesity and alcohol dependency and save NHS cash . "
The UK's Supreme Court has ruled that two gay men from Iran and Cameroon have the right to asylum in Britain .
The UK court 's panel said it had agreed " unanimously " to allow the appeals from the men , from Cameroon and Iran .
They had earlier been refused asylum on the grounds they could hide their sexuality by behaving discreetly .
Lord Hope , who read out the judgement , said : " To compel a homosexual person to pretend that his sexuality does not exist or suppress the behaviour by which to manifest itself is to deny him the fundamental right to be who he is . "
READ MORE : Gay asylum seekers win UK appeal
Couple Sadaf and Hamid !
It is said “ marriages are made ” in heaven but we at Bride Night Photography we polish them and keep them alive in form of beautiful pictures for years to come .
This time Bride Night Photography will take you to heart of Toronto , where two love birds Sadaf and Hamid exchanged their vows and bonded themselves in a wed lock .
Johns
Hopkins experts have found that men enrolled in an active surveillance program for prostate cancer that eventually needed surgery to remove their prostates fared just as well as men who opted to remove the gland immediately , except if a follow - up biopsy during surveillance showed high - grade cancer .
Active surveillance , or " watchful waiting , " is an option open to men whose tumors are considered small , low - grade and at low risk of being lethal .
Given the potential complications of prostate surgery and likelihood that certain low - risk tumors do not require treatment , some men opt to enroll in active surveillance programs to monitor PSA levels and receive annual biopsies to detect cellular changes that signal a higher grade , more aggressive cancer for which treatment is recommended .
Yet , according to the Johns Hopkins experts , there is concern that delaying surgery in this group until biopsy results worsen may result in cancers that are more lethal and difficult to cure .
Bruce Trock , Ph.D. , associate professor at the Johns Hopkins Brady Urological Institute , and his colleagues compared the pathology results of men in an active surveillance group at Johns Hopkins who later had surgery with those who also had low - risk tumors and opted for immediate surgery .
Results initially showed that 116 active surveillance participants who had surgery were more likely to have high - grade , larger tumors than 348 men who had immediate surgery .
But Trock says that these results were found only in 43 ( 37 percent ) men in the surveillance group who were recommended for surgery because a follow - up biopsy during surveillance worsened to indicate a high - grade tumor .
" We think that these men had high - grade tumors to begin with that their initial biopsy missed , and this group may be over - represented in men who are recommended for treatment after an initial period of active surveillance , " says Trock .
He adds that , in general , 15 to 25 percent of men whose initial biopsy shows a low - risk prostate tumor will actually have a high - grade cancer upon further review of the entire prostate once it is removed .
Apart from the 43 men whose pathology results worsened during surveillance , the remaining men in the surveillance group had similar pathology results at surgery to those in the immediate surgery group .
" This means that most tumors are not likely to worsen during the period of active surveillance , " says Trock .
The researchers calculate that the risk of finding high - grade tumors in the entire group of 801 active surveillance patients is low -- about 4.5 percent per year .
Trock is leading a National Cancer Institute - funded study with four other cancer centers to identify biomarkers that may identify men who have worse tumors than their initial biopsy indicates .
The Johns Hopkins Active Surveillance program , led by H. Ballentine Carter , M.D. , of Johns Hopkins , has enrolled 801 men since 1995 and is believed to be the largest such program in the U.S. Fourteen men in the program who later had radiation and four who had radical prostatectomy developed recurrences , but no participants have developed distant metastases and none have died from prostate cancer .
Fourteen men in the program died from other causes unrelated to prostate cancer .
The current study was funded by the Johns Hopkins Prostate Cancer Specialized Program of Research Excellence ( SPORE ) grant awarded by the National Cancer Institute and by Dr. and Mrs. Peter S. Bing .
The research also was presented at the American Urological Association Annual Meeting ( Abstract # 1062 ) .
Based on abstracts and presentations by Johns Hopkins Kimmel Cancer Center scientists scheduled to present their work at the annual meeting of the American Society of Clinical Oncology ( ASCO ) , June 4 - 8 , in Chicago .
Lots of people want to know the answer to that question .
Most indie games fail .
Most indie projects never get completed .
I do n’t have any way to prove that , but any indie game veterans will know it ’s true .
Here are my top tips .
Some of them may seem like they de-motivate , rather than motivate , but I get motivated by knowing how important and serious it is for me to work hard .
Most indies do n’t realise how hard they are going to have to work , and how good their game has to be .
1 ) Code something you like .
Just because you did your research and can prove that a poodle simulator is the best choice for the current games market , does n’t mean you want to program one .
You might kid yourself that you can see it as a ‘ mere engineering challenge ’ , but you wo n’t .
Getting out of bed when nobody forces you to , with no deadline and no boss , to go code poodles probably wo n’t motivate you for a solid year .
Pick something you are passionate about .
I love sci fi and space battles , so making gratuitous space battles was a no - brainer .
On a related note , save up some ‘ fun ’ coding for when motivation is low .
Feeling keen ?
code the save game system and the options menu .
Get them out of the way .
2 ) Surround yourself with inspiration
I listen to music from star wars or star trek when coding easy stuff or doing art .
Coding scrollbars can seem dull , but the music reminds me these are spacefleet scrollbars and that makes it ok .
The people who play your game wo n’t see the code , only the art and the game , so keep a picture of the final ‘ atmosphere ’ of your game in your head all the time .
Does your pc desktop wallpaper not reflect the mood of your game ?
why not ?
3 ) Keep a log of what you did each day .
Sometimes its easy to think the day was wasted , that nothing got done .
I have lists of things to do for my games like this :
Fix bug with plasma torpedoes
Resize scrollbars
Add tooltips to buttons
Add transition to options screen
At the end of the day my log looks like this :
** DONE ** Fix bug with plasma torpedoes
** DONE ** Resize scrollbars
** DONE ** Add tooltips to buttons
** DONE ** Add transition to options screen
And that makes me realise how much I got done .
You get a tiny adrenaline rush by crossing things off a todo list .
Make one each day .
Make the entries small , simple items , rather than huge projects .
It should always be possible to cross something off each day .
4 ) Do some shiny
Mr Spock would code the entire game engine , get the gameplay balanced using just coder art , then add the graphical fluff last , to minimize re-doing work .
I used to assume that made sense too .
I used to rail against Lionhead for having so much artwork , code and music done before we were even sure how the game played .
So much work got thrown away .
Now I realise it ’s important for your motivation to have something that looks and plays nice ASAP .
The GSB campaign add - on has n’t got all its gameplay coded yet , but theres a gratuitous map - zoom effect in already , plus background music .
Having those things there keeps me positive about how cool the final game will look .
There really is a good reason to code some shiny stuff in the first 25 % of your project .
Just do n’t go mad .
5 ) Hard lessons in money
I gave a talk at a conference recently about the reality of indie games as a business .
To be short and sweet , you need to sell a full - price game direct to a customer every 45 minutes , or you probably wo n’t make a career as a full - time indie .
That means at the very least someone grabbing your demo every 240 seconds .
When you keep this in mind , you realise you need to make your game really good .
Better than it is .
You need to do better , just to survive in this market .
6 ) Stay aware how high the bar is ( know your competition )
Do n’t forget that for most gamers , the competition is n’t other indie games , but AAA games , or even other activities , TV , movies , etc .
When I worked on the battles for GSB , I spent very little time looking at rival games , and virtually no time looking at indie space games .
I compared it to the best sci - fi battle scenes I knew of , by ILM .
Yes , you have to pick your battles , and graphics might not be one of them .
Spiderweb compete on game length , Dwarf fortress on gameplay depth .
Whatever it is that you are competing on , you need to ensure you aim as high as you can .
Also remember that your game is n’t measured against the best game there is right now .
It ’s measured against the best game when your ’s gets released …
8 ) Take short breaks .
Get away from the PC for a short while , so when you come back , you are fresh , keen and energised .
Physical activity is a good idea .
I do archery now and then .
It ’s ideal because it involves standing upright , concentrating on a distant object , and 100 % focus on what you are doing .
It ’s the perfect sport for desk - bound geeks
===
Staying motivated is hard .
Everyone has the same problem .
Often , its the deciding factor between getting your project done or not .
High motivation trumps everything .
There are indies making games who are homeless ( yes really ) and who had to make them ‘ undercover ’ in Cuba .
They still got stuff done .
Lack of experience , lack of money , lack of time , can all be overcome by sheer bloody determination , if you can summon it .
Now stop reading this , and type out tomorrows todo list .
ABC News has an interview up with Alvin Greene , the mystery Senate candidate from South Carolina .
And well , it ’s just weird .
I ca n’t say that it really gives me any clearer sense of what the hell is going on here than I had before I watched it .
But there is one point I thought I ’d mention .
In the video the interviewer is walking around the house with Greene .
And Greene is showing him different memorabilia and pictures of himself as a kid .
And the interviewer presses Greene , who says he ’s a veteran , about whether he can show him any pictures of himself in uniform .
Greene sort of dodges the question and hems and haws .
And it ’s pretty clear that the implication of the editing is that maybe the whole military service part of Greene ’s bio is made up .
At this point , there ’s not much I wo n’t believe with this story .
But here ’s the thing , as long as you ’re keeping score at home : our Justin Elliott spent the afternoon trying to figure out what the hell was going on with this guy .
And one thing Justin was able to confirm is that Greene did serve in the Air Force for three years .
See the interview after the jump .
- video encodings still in process -
” It really does n’t matter parents have no say . ”
Hundreds of dead penguins washed up in Brazil Published duration 21 July 2010
image caption
The high number of dead penguins is worrying scientists
Hundreds of penguins have been washed up dead on the beaches of Brazil .
Scientists are still investigating what could have caused the death of around 500 animals found on the shores of Sao Paulo state .
They say autopsies carried out on some of the carcasses suggest they could have starved to death , as their stomachs were completely empty .
They are now trying to establish if strong currents and colder temperatures may be to blame .
Thiago do Nascimento of the Peruibe Aquarium says the cooler than usual temperatures off the coast could have driven away the fish and squid the penguins feed on .
But he did not rule out that overfishing could have decimated the penguins ' food sources .
Mr Nascimento said between 100 and 150 penguins showed up on the beaches every year , but that they were normally alive , with only around 10 washed up dead in an average year .
Iranian troops pursuing Kurdish guerrillas in the remote mountains of northern Iraq have begun constructing a small fort on Iraqi territory , suggesting they plan on staying for a while , Kurdish officials said Tuesday .
Iranian troops pursuing Kurdish guerrillas in the remote mountains of northern Iraq have begun constructing a small fort in Iraqi territory , suggesting they plan on staying for a while , Kurdish officials said Tuesday .
A small Iranian force crossed into the Kurdish - controlled region of northern Iraq on Thursday after a bomb attack that killed several Iranian soldiers .
The assault was carried out by the Party for Free Life in Kurdistan , an Iranian Kurdish militant movement based in northern Iraq that is known by its Kurdish acronym , PEJAK .
About 35 Iranians remained behind , in an area near the Perdunaz border crossing , and have since been observed building a fortified structure high on a mountain , said the Kurdish regional government ’s defense spokesman , Jaber Yawer .
From a nearby Kurdish observation post , two bulldozers , alongside a small tank , can be seen digging fortifications .
Iran also retaliated with artillery strikes , which last week killed a 14 - year - old girl .
There was renewed shelling of the area Tuesday , but most civilians have fled the area and no one was killed , Yawer said .
Though Iraq ’s Foreign Ministry has protested the attacks on civilians to the Iranian ambassador in Baghdad , there has been no outcry similar to the one that greeted Iranian troops ’ brief occupation last year of an oil well in southern Iraq .
In part , that may be because Iraq ’s politicians are distracted by the drawn - out process of forming a new government after March ’s inconclusive election .
The inaccessible wilderness of Iraq ’s northern border area has long been a hide - out for Kurdish fighters seeking autonomy for Kurdish areas of Turkey and Iran , drawing periodic incursions by the forces of both countries .
Ahmed is a special correspondent .
Times staff writers Raheem Salman and Liz Sly in Baghdad contributed to this report .
For indispensable reporting on the coronavirus crisis , the election , and more , subscribe to the Mother Jones Daily newsletter .
If you happen to be wondering whether it ’s easier to get access to an oil - befouled public beach or wildlife refuge near Grand Isle , Louisiana , if you ’re teamed up with a fancypants PBS producer , I scouted out the answer today : No .
You already know the story of how BP is trying to stymie press efforts to report on the oil spill , and all the combined credentials and charms of my colleague and I could n’t overcome the blockade .
BP ’s reason for not letting us through last time ?
Safety .
The reason for not letting us through today ?
The one road in to Elmer ’s Island Wildlife Refuge — which , after a lot of drama , I took just last week — needs to be re-graveled or something before we can drive on it .
Which might take a couple of days .
I asked today ’s BP liaison / public - beach gatekeeper , Jason , who really seemed like a doll , if we could talk to the cleanup workers in the meantime .
We can’t , he said with an apologetic face — but not because BP forbids them from talking to the press .
It ’s the subcontractors who ’ve threatened to fire the workers for any media interaction .
Twenty minutes later , when I ran into some workers packing up on the Grand Isle beach , I asked them only if they were done working for the day , and they refused to tell me .
One woman said , “ I ca n’t talk to you , ” and then another worker ran up to her and grabbed her arm and said , “ Just ignore her , ignore her , ” and the whole interaction was unsettlingly rude and sort of sad .
The workers who were staying next to me in my Grand Isle motel last week told me that when BP ( not , in this case , and for the record , a subcontractor ) had instructed them that they could n’t talk to the press , it had involved a warning that media organizations would go so far as to dub audio propaganda over their videotaped commentary , putting unflattering words in their mouths .
But my awesome sleuthing powers led me to conclude that they were in fact wrapping up for the evening .
Grand Isle beach , which is now open to the public and in way better shape than Elmer ’s , was completely deserted but for the cops patrolling it on ATVs — and the giant blobs of oil that ’d washed up all over the place in the short time since the workers had cleaned the sand .
Oh , the impossibility , and interminability .
That ’s why residents are painting murals like this :
And putting up depressing art installments like this :
And having to announce things like this :
The cleanup effort continues .
So many workers are being put up on Grand Isle that there was no room at any inn .
Lucky for me and the PBS producer from Need to Know ( a Climate Desk partner ) , some incredibly generous Grand Isle residents had let me know via Twitter that if I ever needed a place to stay or a drink , I was welcome to show up at their beach house .
Which I did .
However compromised our reporting endeavors today , attempts to land Amy and Rahlyn ‘s gorgeous guest bedrooms and be plied with Crown Royal and sweet - tea vodka were a stunning success .
The four of us took in the breeze on the back deck , talked in the darkness about the uniqueness of the town .
And after the discussion about how these hospitality opportunities and lifestyles might go down with the environment around us reached an awkward and earnest weight , we got refills .
Read Julia
Whitty ’s account of how the spill is affecting the fishing industry .
And if you appreciate our BP coverage , consider making a tax - free donation .
Did Apple just kill the “ Get a Mac ” ad campaign ?
A perusal of their website seems to indicate that they have .
Users trying to visit Apple ’s long standing “ Get a Mac ” page are now redirected to Apple ’s new “ Why You ’ll Love a Mac ” page .
And though there have been rumors over the past few months that Apple was planning to axe the campaign , it appears that the end is finally upon us .
In fact , Apple last released new “ Get a Mac ” ads back in October 2009 when it debuted 3 commercials which took shots at what was then , the newly released Windows 7 .
The award winning and popular “ Get a Mac ” ads began back in 2006 and starred actors Justin Long and John Hodgman .
The ads featured Hodgman as a hapless PC prone to viruses and upgrade problems while Long portrayed a Mac who would often brag about cool Mac features like photo recognition in iPhoto and easy video editing in iMovie .
And of course , Long would also make snarky and well - timed comments about PC ’s futile attempts to steal some of the Mac ’s mojo .
Apple ’s offensive on Microsoft via the “ Get a Mac ” campaign essentially went unanswered from 2006 - 2009 , but Microsoft used the release of Windows 7 to finally fire back with its “ I ’m a PC ” ad campaign which is still ongoing .
Though some could n’t stand Long ’s hipster and sarcastic portrayal of the Mac , the ads often did a good job of mixing up humor with well - placed jabs at the expense of the PC .
At their best , the ads were clever , witty , and informative .
In its four year run , there were approximately 66 different commercials that made it to broadcast , not to mention the countless number of video parodies inspired by the ads .
Lastly , here ’s a quote from John “ PC ” Hodgman describing the level of artistic freedom they ’re allowed while shooting :
We ’ve always been encouraged to improvise and have fun .
Occasionally , ad - libs will work their way into the ads , but more often , what makes it into the ads is the tone that we build up through improvising .
For understandable reasons , the ads are very carefully written and for very gratifying reasons they ’re also well - written , and so it ’s our pleasure to perform them as they ’re written and find new things in the corners : in looks , in gestures , in reactions , and occasionally , there ’s a line that we can add to it .
Meanwhile , Adweek a while back collected every single commercial ever aired .
Check it out for a look back at Apple ’s hits and misses .
Related – What “ PC ”s Dad probably looked like
via MacRumors
Back at you with another sizzling picture gallery of one of the hottest , hardest and naughtiest Muscle Goddesses you ’ll find around the known universe .
I was checking out her bio info and found out KO is way more versatile then I had ever imagined .
Not content with just competing in bodybuilding and being a muscle girl pinup , she also is into nude muscle worship , domination , strip tease , guy / girl wrestling , girl / girl wrestling , arm wrestling , scissor play , lift & carry , smothering and fruit crushing and to top it all off she plays 4 different musical instruments !
When she says ‘ I ’m ripped , rad , buff and bad , and I happen to have runway looks !
I ’m all real , all genuine , and all natural !
No Silicon , No Steroids , No Artificial Flavors or Colors !
I do it all through hard work and attitude !‘ … you know it ’s the ever loving truth …
Nude Female Bodybuilder KO Pictures
The Chicago City Council on Friday approved what city officials say is the strictest handgun ordinance in the United States .
The 45 - to - 0 vote came four days after a Supreme Court ruling made it almost certain that the city ’s existing ban on handguns would be overturned .
The court ruled that Americans have a right to own a gun for self - defense .
The new ordinance bans gun stores in Chicago and prohibits gun owners from stepping outside their homes , even onto their porches , with a handgun .
It will take effect in 10 days .
This is an unbelievably awesome gift package , filled with chocolatey goodness and handmade awesomeness .
Sorry for the quality of the photos , but I have only my webcam with which to take them .
Gift includes :
Cool reddit alien on the parcel !
Candy !
( smarties , a dairy milk candy bar and cheezies )
A hand - written Orangered from a generous gifter !
A Vancouver 2010 Winter Olympics Keychain !
( presently attached to the zipper on my backpack )
A Vancouver postcard !
And last but best , three hand made jugholders with characters from the Cyanide and Happiness comics !!!
I am now the proud owner of unofficial limited edition hand - made merchandise of one of my favorite webcomics .
I literally gasped as I unwrapped them .
I can't believe the effort my gifter went to in finding the reference to Cy&H in my comments and then making these .
This is beyond cool .
Thank you fellow redditor for making this hamster 's Arbitrary Day the best ever !
For someone who claims to be inexperienced at sewing you can sure make a damn fine present !
A MAN kept two teenage girls shackled in a secret underground chamber in China for nearly a year and the pair were only rescued after smuggling out a note , state media said today .
The girls , aged 19 and 16 , were found last Friday , naked except for shackles on their feet , in the secret lair built by the man under his home in Wuhan , the capital of Hubei province in central China , the Beijing News reported .
The 19 - year - old , whose home was just 200 metres from where she was held , went missing in July last year .
No details on the other girl were provided and neither victim was identified .
The man suspected of holding them captive was named as Zeng Xiangbao , 39 , the report said .
He was detained by police a week before the girls were found on an unrelated rape charge , but the report made no mention of whether the captive girls had been raped .
Due to Zeng 's detention , police said , the two girls would probably have starved to death if a nearby business owner had not found a piece of paper with a plea for help , a phone number and a map scrawled on it , according to the report .
The man who found it called the number , which belonged to the 19 - year - old 's father , identified only by his surname Zhou .
Police were then contacted .
The girls had smuggled out such notes on many occasions , usually hidden in the rubbish of the instant noodles that they were fed by Zeng .
Police were investigating the case , said the report , which made no mention of any charges filed against Zeng .
A MAN who took part in a cyber attack against Church of Scientology websites two years ago has been sentenced to one year in prison by a judge in Los Angeles .
Brian Mettenbrink from Nebraska was also ordered to serve one year of supervised release after his jail sentence ends after pleading guilty to what Judge Gary Feess described as a " sense of hate crime . "
Mettenbrink had admitted a misdemeanor charge of unauthorised access of a protected computer .
According to court documents , Mettenbrink was part of the shadowy anti-Scientology group " Anonymous , " which has conducted several protests against the church in recent years .
In January 2008 the group announced a cyber offensive which disabled access to Scientology 's websites , prosecutors said .
Originally published as Man jailed over Scientology cyber attack
Perhaps as impressive as the buckyballs themselves is the fact that Spitzer found them at all .
They were detected in a planetary nebula called Tc 1 , where an aging star had likely shed a layer of carbon rich material into a cloud .
Light passing through the cloud gave off the unique spectral signatures of the buckyballs , which only made their presence known because they were at the right temperature to be seen .
It 's impressive enough that Spitzer can peer out into the universe and analyze its contents down to the molecule .
Looking at the right place at the right time , that 's just cosmic good fortune .
Despite what you may read this morning , the U.S. military did not just " discover " a trillion dollars ' worth of precious minerals in Afghanistan .
The New York Times today proclaimed that Afghanistan is apparently poised to become " the Saudi Arabia of lithium " – a metal used to produce gadgets like iPods and laptops .
The discovery will also , according to Pentagon documents quoted by the * Times * , fundamentally transform the country 's opium - reliant economy .
But the military ( and observers of the military ) have known about Afghanistan 's mineral riches for years .
The U.S. Geological Survey and the Navy concluded in a 2007 report that “ Afghanistan has significant amounts of undiscovered nonfuel mineral resources , ” including ” large quantities of accessible iron and copper [ and ] abundant deposits of colored stones and gemstones , including emerald , ruby [ and ] sapphire . ”
Not to mention that the $ 1 trillion figure is – at best – a guesstimate .
None of the earlier U.S military reports on Afghan 's mineral riches cite that amount .
And it might be prudent to be wary of any data coming out of Afghanistan 's own Mines Ministry , which " has long been considered one of the country 's most corrupt government departments , " * The Wall Street Journal * reports .
And the timing of the " discovery " seems just a little too convenient .
As Blake Hounshell at Foreign Policy notes , the Obama administration is struggling to combat the perception that the Afghan campaign has " made little discernible progress , " despite thousands of additional troops and billions of extra dollars .
Still , Pentagon officials are touting the find as a potential economic game - changer – and one that could end decades of conflict .
But whether it's oil or coltan , rich pockets of resources are always a mixed blessing .
Just ask children in Congo , home to 80 percent of the world 's coltan supply , who were forced to mine for the precious metal that was later used to manufacture tech gadgets .
It 'll take years , and a ton of capital investment , before Afghanistan 's deposits can even be mined .
And when they can , it 's anybody 's guess who'll actually be profiting .
Hounshell sums up the mess nicely :
Meanwhile , the drive for Kandahar looks to be stalled in the face of questionable local support for Karzai 's government , the Taliban is killing local authorities left and right , and the corruption situation has apparently gotten so bad that the U.S. intelligence community is now keeping tabs on which Afghan officials are stealing what .
__UPDATE : __
One retired senior U.S official is calling the government 's mineral announcement " pretty silly , " Politico is reporting .
“ When I was living in Kabul in the early 1970s the [ U.S. government ] , the Russians , the World Bank , the U.N. and others were all highly focused on the wide range of Afghan mineral deposits .
Cheap ways of moving the ore to ocean ports has always been the limiting factor . ”
At least two American geologists have been advising the Pentagon on Afghanistan 's wealth of mineral resources for years .
Bonita Chamberlin , a geologist who spent 25 years working in Afghanistan , " identified 91 minerals , metals and gems at 1,407 potential mining sites , " the Los Angeles Times reported in 2001 .
In 1995 , she even co-wrote a book , " Gemstones in Afghanistan , " on the topic .
And Chamberlin worked directly with the Pentagon , after they commissioned her to report on sandstone and limestone caves mere weeks after 9/11 .
" I am quite surprised that the military is announcing this as some ' new ' and ' surprising " discovery , ' she told Danger Room in an e-mail .
" This is NOT new .
Perhaps this also hints at the real reason why we would be so intent on this war . "
And Jack Shroder , a geologist at the University of Nebraska , told the Associated Press in 2001 that mineral deposits in Afghanistan were so rich , they could be vital in rebuilding the country .
He 's collaborated with Pentagon officials since the 1970s , when he worked on mapping the country .
In 2002 , Shroder was approached by several American companies who hoped to start mining the area .
It 's not clear exactly what those experts shared with military honchos , but the Pentagon 's knowledge of Afghanistan 's minerals clearly preceded the 2004 discovery of " an intriguing series of old charts and data , " as the * Times * reports .
In 2002 , the Seattle Post - Intelligencer reported that the U.S. Department of Interior 's Mineral Yearbook , among other atlases , noted Afghanistan 's " significant deposits of gold , precious stones and other minerals waiting to be mined . "
But whatever the U.S military knows , and no matter how long they 've known it , Russia likely has 'em beat .
At a 2002 conference on rebuilding Afghanistan , reps from several countries complained that Russia continued to withhold decades - old information about mineral deposits in the country .
*
Photo : U.S Geological Survey *
See Also :
Here are five reasons why you should use WhiteSmoke
WhiteSmoke renders you with the highest quality proofreading abilities available , correcting not only simple spelling mistakes like old fashioned word processors , but everything from grammar , word choices and even style mistakes , all without breaking a sweat .
Grammar plays an important role in what kind of impression you give – in some cases , like Kyle Wiens - CEO of iFixit says , it could cost you your job :
“ if you think a semicolon is a regular colon with an identity crisis , I will not hire you …
I have a ‘ zero tolerance approach ’ to grammar mistakes that make people look stupid ”
Kyle Wiens , CEO at iFixit , on his article
“ I wo n’t hire people who use poor grammar .
Here ’s why . ”
Joint Statement by Wayne LaPierre , NRA Executive Vice President & CEO ,
and Chris Cox , Executive Director of NRA ’s Institute for Legislative Action
There may be no vote a United States Senator casts that is more important than a vote to confirm a nominee to the U.S. Supreme Court .
Now that the Court has clearly stated that the Second Amendment is a fundamental , individual right that applies to all law - abiding Americans , NRA members and gun owners expect a nominee to the Court to fully support , defend and preserve that freedom .
Click to play
We have carefully examined the career , written documents and public statements of nominee Elena Kagan and have found nothing to indicate any support for the Second Amendment .
On the contrary , the facts reveal a nominee who opposes Second Amendment rights and is clearly out of step with mainstream Americans .
Therefore , the NRA is strongly opposed to Kagan ’s confirmation to the Court .
In testimony before the Senate Judiciary Committee , she refused to declare support for the Second Amendment , saying only that the matter was “ settled law . ”
This was eerily similar to the scripted testimony of Justice Sonia Sotomayor last year , prior to her confirmation to the Court .
When pressed on the Second Amendment then , Sotomayor also referred to the issue as “ settled law . ”
But in the recently decided case of McDonald v. City of Chicago , Sotomayor ignored the “ settled law ” of the Heller decision and signed a dissenting opinion that declared , “ I can find nothing in the Second Amendment ’s text , history , or underlying rationale that could warrant characterizing it as ‘ fundamental ’ insofar as it seeks to protect the keeping and bearing of arms for private self - defense purposes . ”
It has become obvious that “ settled law ” is the scripted code of an anti-gun nominee ’s confirmation effort .
The NRA is not fooled .
No member of the U.S. Senate should be either .
With no judicial record , only Kagan ’s political career can be reviewed .
And this provides no reason to trust her with Americans ’ firearms freedom .
Throughout her career , she has repeatedly demonstrated a clear hostility to the fundamental , individual right to keep and bear arms under the U.S. Constitution .
As a clerk for Justice Thurgood Marshall , Kagan said she was “ not sympathetic ” to a challenge to Washington , DC ’s ban on firearms .
As a domestic policy advisor in the Clinton White House , a colleague described her as “ immersed ” in Clinton ’s aggressive assaults on the Second Amendment .
She was involved in Clinton ’s scheme to ban more than 50 types of commonly - owned semiautomatic firearms – an effort described as “ … taking the law and bending it as far as we can to capture a whole new class of guns . ”
As U.S. Solicitor General , Kagan chose not to file a brief last year in the landmark McDonald case , thus taking the position that incorporating the Second Amendment and applying it to the states was of no interest to the Obama Administration or the federal government .
These are not the positions of a person who supports the Second Amendment and , in fact , represent a clear and present danger to the right to keep and bear arms .
Kagan ’s record clearly reveals that she does not believe that the Second Amendment guarantees a fundamental right .
In her recent testimony , she refused to acknowledge respect for the God - given right of self - defense .
She should not serve on any court , let alone be confirmed to a lifetime seat on the highest court in the land .
The NRA is strongly opposed to the confirmation of Elena Kagan to the U.S. Supreme Court .
This vote matters and will be a part of future candidate evaluations .
Read NRA 's letter of opposition to Solicitor General Elena Kagan 's confirmation to the U.S. Supreme Court
http://www.nraila.org/media/PDFs/Kagan.pdf
A few weeks ago I began a post on here that ended up being expanded and sent to the Free Press .
The piece compares Portage Avenue to its nearby neighbor the Exchange District , and looks at the two key aspects to the Exchange District 's success :- public money was gradual , and the neighborhood did not suffocate from big ideas .
Organic ( read : real ) revitalization was able to take hold .- the City of Winnipeg , for the most part , respected and defended the physical scale and context of the neighborhood .
Density , small blocks , and old buildings were seen in the Exchange District as crucial to renewal , not obstacles to overcome .
It happened that a Mr. Evan Thornton , a Winnipeg ex-pat who contributes to Spacing Ottawa , was in town for the Fringe Festival this week , and recalled in a post on Spacing growing up in Winnipeg in the '60s and ' 70s , a time when " no one I knew ever went to the Exchange District ; in fact back then the area did n't even go by any name at all and unless you were employed by one of the mid-century businesses that still valued the low rent and central location the district – fur storage , typewriter repair , offset printers , that sort of thing – you had no reason to show your face along the grimy streets just north of the famous corner of Portage and Main .
" From the color photos of the time , grimy streets seems apt , and the use of the pressure washer and scrub brush on the brick and stone facades of buildings over recent years is one clear sign of the confidence owners have in the area .
These photos , all from the University of Manitoba 's Winnipeg Building Index , show the district in the 1970s and ' 80s -- the not so good , not so old days -- before streetscaping , pressure - washers , progressive property owners , boutique retailers , the creative sector , Red River College , and a fair residential population ( in both legal and illegal living spaces ) , came to make the Exchange District the place it is today .
A decapitated and exhaust - coveredUnion Trust Tower ( it lavish and heavy cornice was pulled off sometime in the ' 60s , has since been replaced somewhat ) , corner of Lombard and Main An equally grimy Bank of Commerce next door .
While its grandeur is certainly unmatched by all but the Legislative Building , the Bank of Commerce was only narrowly saved from the wrecker 's ball in 1978 -- back when the city 's fledgling heritage preservation movement still had principles The Confederation Life Building , also saved from demolition ( traffic engineers wanted to straighten Main Street in front of it ) , getting its facade cleaned What would become Red River College 's Princess St. campus , when the the future of this row of buildings hung in the balance Number 115 Bannatyne Avenue , one of the earliest local examples of warehouse - to - office conversion .
It is occupied by a number of creative firms today The Ashdown Warehouse seen from Rorie St .
The loft condos had yet to be developed upstairs , and the bricked - off loading docks had yet to restored as a hair stylist college Arthur Street , with the Gault ( Artspace ) Building on the right McDermot Avenue from Albert , the centre of the district 's retail success Criterion Hotel on McDermot , badly damaged by fire and awaiting demolition .
The building has since been restored and is in commercial use Princess Avenue near Bannatyne , before landscaping came to the street , and before loft condos and a hair salon came to the Western Elevator building Market Square and Townsite , a ' vertical shopping mall . '
Townsite closed by the mid-1980s , and the Johnson Terminal at The Forks became downtown 's leading multi- level kitsch emporium .
But the Traveller 's Building found a more suitable use as loft condos , with a cafe and bar ( that has the city 's best cocktail menu ) on the main level
Finally , Justice for the people of New Orleans :
NEW ORLEANS —
Four current and two former New Orleans police officers have been charged in connection with the killing of unarmed civilians on the Danziger Bridge in the chaotic days after Hurricane Katrina , federal law enforcement officials announced here on Tuesday Four of the men — former Officer Robert Faulcon , Sgt. Kenneth Bowen , Sgt. Robert Gisevius and Officer Anthony Villavaso — were charged with federal civil rights violations in the killing of 17 - year - old James Brissette and the wounding of four others , all members of the same family , when the officers came across a group on the bridge in eastern New Orleans and opened fire .
In addition , Mr. Faulcon , who was arrested Tuesday morning by F.B.I. agents in Fresno , Tex. , was charged with shooting Ronald Madison , a 40 - year - old man with severe mental disabilities , in the back , killing him , as he tried to flee .
All four of the men could face the death penalty .
via Police Are Charged in Post - Katrina Shootings – NYTimes.com .
Look , I am going to be straight with you all .
I am all for rule of law .
But what I am not for , is corruption and if these guys were killing innocent people ;
Then put these bastards under the jail .
I realize that they are innocent until proven guilty and all that .
But , I do hope that the truth comes out , and if it is true that these man abused their authority , then let the justice system do it ’s job .
This should be a lesson all Americans , especially those in New Orleans — that no matter what color you are , what social class you are , or whatever else ; you break the law , you go to jail — just that simple .
If you want to squeeze every last ounce of processing power out of your new ( or aging ) computer , overclocking is a great — if slightly nerve - racking — option .
Here are some simple guidelines for safely overclocking your processor .
Advertisement
Simply put , overclocking involves running your processor ( or CPU ) at a faster speed than was intended out of the box .
While overclocking at its core ( no pun intended ) can be quite simple , there 's a bit more to it than just tweaking one setting .
The harder you push your processor , the more voltage you need to give it , because without enough power , the CPU can't run fast enough .
However , higher voltage also means higher temperatures , so you need to be careful not to overheat your CPU , which can lower its life , not to mention fry it completely if you are n't careful .
Before You Start : Read This First !
We originally published this guide back in 2010 , but overclocking has changed a bit since then .
In fact , it changes a bit with every new processor generation , so we 've tried to make this guide more of an " introduction " to overclocking rather than a one - size - fits - all how - to .
I wrote this guide from my experience , but I had a lot of help from sites like overclockers.com , overclock.net , and hexus.net , to name a few .
The general steps — especially the stress testing ones — should be similar between machines , but this should not be the only overclocking guide you read .
I highly recommend you also look up some guides for your specific processor , and googling around for more information on subjects you do n't understand or that we do n't cover in depth .
All that said , this guide should put the process into basic enough terms that those unfamiliar with overclocking can get a general feel of what it entails and how to get started overclocking their systems .
Advertisement
Lastly , remember that no two systems will overclock the same — even if they have the exact same hardware .
Every unit of every processor is different , and my i7-4770 K may not overclock as highly as your i7 -4770 K , and vice versa , even with all other things held constant .
So while it 's useful to see what kinds of clocks other people are achieving , do n't expect that you 'll be able to do the same .
You should go through the full process like everyone else , or you 're going to have a bad time .
Why Overclock ?
There are many reasons one might want to overclock , but in general , you 'll get the most benefit if you 're using your computer for CPU - intensive tasks , such as video encoding , 3D rendering , or ( sometimes ) gaming .
( Note that overclocking your video card is probably more beneficial to gaming performance than overclocking your processor , though it depends on your system . )
Of course , many overclockers simply enjoy the thrill of playing around with their systems and pushing it to the limit , so if that 's reason enough for you , then go for it .
Know , however , that overclocking can be dangerous , and can shorten the life of or permanently damage some of your components if something goes wrong .
So do n't start tweaking unless you 're prepared to face the potential consequences .
And , as always , back up before you start messing with fire .
Advertisement
Note : I 'm being particularly doomsday here to emphasize that things could go wrong .
If done correctly , overclocking is generally a pretty safe endeavor ( I 've never damaged my gear ) , but if you 're not willing to risk damaging your processor , you may want to skip it .
Glossary
While this is not an exhaustive list , these are the settings we 'll be tweaking in this guide .
The jargon related to your clock speed is as follows :
The Base Clock affects your CPU frequency , RAM frequency , and other things .
We wo n't be tweaking it in this guide , but we 'll be using it to calculate our final clock speed .
affects your CPU frequency , RAM frequency , and other things .
We wo n't be tweaking it in this guide , but we 'll be using it to calculate our final clock speed .
Coupled with the base clock , your CPU multiplier decides your final CPU frequency .
It works like this : if your base clock is , say , 100 MHz and your multiplier is 35 , your CPU frequency will be 100 MHz x 35 = 3.5 GHz .
decides your final CPU frequency .
It works like this : if your base clock is , say , 100 MHz and your multiplier is 35 , your CPU frequency will be 100 MHz x 35 = 3.5 GHz .
CPU
Vcore is the main voltage value we 'll be tweaking .
As you increase your clock speed , you will likely have to raise your Vcore to supply your processor with enough power .
Advertisement
That 's it for today .
There are a ton of other settings we could talk about , but this is a " beginner 's " guide after all , so we 're going to try and keep things as simple as possible .
What You 'll Need
A Windows machine .
This guide is for Windows , though if you have a Hackintosh or a Linux machine with a Windows partition , that should do fine — we 're just going to do our stability testing in Windows .
.
This guide is for Windows , though if you have a Hackintosh or a Linux machine with a Windows partition , that should do fine — we 're just going to do our stability testing in Windows .
An unlocked " K " series Intel processor .
This guide was written with Intel 's more recent processors in mind , particularly the " K " series processors designed for overclocking .
They 'll have a K in their model name ( e.g. i7-4770 K ) .
This includes processors from Sandy Bridge , Ivy Bridge , and Haswell .
If you have a first - gen Core i series processor , overclocking is a bit more complicated , but this guide low - powered Atom
.
This guide was written with Intel 's more recent processors in mind , particularly the " K " series processors designed for overclocking .
They 'll have a K in their model name ( e.g. i7-4770 K ) .
This includes processors from Sandy Bridge , Ivy Bridge , and Haswell .
If you have a first - gen Core i series processor , overclocking is a bit more complicated , but An overclocking - friendly motherboard .
Lots of motherboards should have overclocking settings built - in , but some motherboards have more settings than others , or are better suited for overclocking .
If you 're building a computer with the intent to overclock , you should read up on your motherboard 's overclocking features before you buy .
.
Lots of motherboards should have overclocking settings built - in , but some motherboards have more settings than others , or are better suited for overclocking .
If you 're building a computer with the intent to overclock , you should read up on your motherboard 's overclocking features before you buy .
A good CPU cooler .
If you plan on overclocking more than just a little , you 'll want something other than the stock Intel heatsink and fan .
A good air cooler look into water cooling
.
If you plan on overclocking more than just a little , you 'll want something other than the stock Intel heatsink and fan .
A CPU -Z
Prime95 LinX AIDA64
Previously mentioned RealTemp
Advertisement
How to Overclock Your CPU
Here I will outline the basic steps to getting a stable overclock on your system .
Keep in mind this is a very basic guide , and while it should net you a pretty solid overclock , it will not help you push your computer to the ultra max .
There are a lot of different settings we could play with , but for today we 're just going to explain how the basic process works .
Advertisement
This particular process is longer than what many guides suggest , but I 've found that it 's much easier to get everything stable if you only change one thing at a time , rather than setting your clock speed and guessing which voltages you need to raise .
This process is pretty time consuming , so find something to do while you test , because you 'll be doing a lot of restarting and waiting around .
Every motherboard 's BIOS is a bit different , so you may have to explore your own to familiarize yourself with the settings and where they are .
For this guide , I used an MSI X79A - GD45 motherboard with an Ivy Bridge - E i7-4930 K .
The general principles should apply to anything Sandy Bridge and above , though every processor is a little different , so like I said : definitely do some extra reading on your particular processor , its temperature and voltage limits , and any other idiosyncrasies it may have .
Advertisement
Step One : Stress Test Your Default Settings
Advertisement
In general , the first thing you should do is head into your BIOS , set everything to default , and stress test it a bit to make sure it's at least running correctly at stock speeds .
To enter your BIOS :
Reboot your computer , and as it starts up , hold down the Delete key ( or whatever key your computer tells you to press for " Setup " — sometimes it 's the F2 key or something else ) .
Find the " Load Optimized Defaults " button ( or something similarly named ) and select it to restore your default settings .
For me , this setting was under the " Save & Exit " menu in my motherboard 's main settings .
Choose " Save Changes and Reboot , " or your similarly named setting .
Once you 've rebooted , start up AIDA64 , and click the " Stability System Test " button ( the one that looks like a computer monitor with a green graph on it ) .
Check all the boxes in the upper left - hand corner , and start the test .
Let it run for a few hours on its own to ensure your system is stable at stock settings .
When you 're done , click Stop , and move onto step two .
Advertisement
Step Two : Raise Your Multiplier
Advertisement
Now it 's time to start overclocking .
You can google around and see what kind of settings other people have gotten , but I still recommend starting at your base clock speed and gradually ramping up — it takes a little longer , but it 's much easier to do and ensures you get the best stable overclock by the end of the process .
So , boot back into your BIOS and head to its overclocking settings ( they may be called " Overclocking Settings , " or they may be called the " CPU Tweaker " or something like that ) .
Advertisement
Find the setting called CPU Multiplier or CPU Ratio .
Right now , it 's probably set to " Auto " .
Highlight it and change it to one step above the default ( either by pressing Enter or typing in a number , depending on your BIOS ) .
If you are n't sure what your default is , it 's usually listed at the top of that Overclocking Settings page .
For example , my CPU comes stock with a multiplier of 34 for a 3.4 GHz clock speed , so I set mine to 35 for the first step .
Once you 've done that , reboot your computer back into Windows and head to the next step .
Advertisement
Step Three : Stress Test Your CPU
Advertisement
Now that you 've overclocked your CPU ( albeit a very tiny bit ) , it 's time to run a stress test and see if your current setup is stable .
Reboot into Windows .
To stress test , you 'll want to start up three programs :
CPU -Z , to see if all your settings have properly applied themselves ( particularly the max multiplier in the bottom left - hand corner ) .
, to see if all your settings have properly applied themselves ( particularly the max multiplier in the bottom left - hand corner ) .
Real Temp , to monitor your temperatures while you stress test .
You 'll want to keep an especially close eye on these the more you raise your voltages .
, to monitor your temperatures while you stress test .
You 'll want to keep an especially close eye on these the more you raise your voltages .
Your stress testing program .
In the early stages of stress testing , I like to use LinX , since it does n't take very long and gives you kind of a " quick and dirty " stress test .
We 'll take a look at the other two a bit later .
Advertisement
Set LinX to run 20 times and click " Start . "
Monitor your temperatures while it runs its stress tests — you should see them jump up and down .
Your test will finish in one of three ways :
If the test finishes successfully , within safe temperatures , repeat step two and raise your multiplier another notch .
, repeat step two and raise your multiplier another notch .
If the test reports an error halfway through , or your computer crashes to the Blue Screen of Death ( BSOD ) , your voltage is n't high enough .
Proceed to step four .
, your voltage is n't high enough .
Proceed to step four .
If your temperatures reach unsafe levels , you 've reached your limit .
I like to keep mine under 85 degrees celsius , because that 's what I 'm comfortable with .
Your max temperature may be different depending on your processor 's limits ( Google is your friend ) and how conservative you want to be .
Remember , the higher your temperatures and voltage , the more you might decrease your processor 's lifespan .
When this happens , skip down to step six .
Advertisement
Step Four : Increase Your Voltage
Advertisement
If your stress test failed or BSOD'd on you , do n't worry !
It probably means your processor just is n't getting enough voltage to keep a stable clock speed .
So if that happens , just raise the voltage .
Head back into your BIOS ' overclocking settings , like we did in step two , and find your " CPU Core " or " Vcore " value .
Raise it a little bit from its current value .
I usually raise in increments of 0.05 ( e.g. from 1.2000 , my CPU 's default value , to 1.2500 ) .
Advertisement
When you 've finished , save your changes and reboot your computer .
Then , repeat step three .
Remember , the higher you raise your voltages , the higher your temperatures will get , so keep a close eye on them !
Step Five : Rinse and Repeat
Repeat this process ( steps two through four , as governed in step three ) until you reach your maximum safe temperature or your maximum safe voltage ( again , Google your specific CPU for more information ) .
When you reach this point , back your settings down to the last safe and stable value .
I got my multiplier up to about 43 before my temperatures reached my upper limit , so 4.3 GHz was my final overclock .
Advertisement
Once you 've done that , save your settings and reboot into Windows for some final stress testing .
Step Six : Perform Some Final Stress Tests
LinX is a good stress tester , but I prefer to run a number of suites to make sure my overclock is super stable .
People are always arguing over which stress testing suite is the " best , " and using a few of them negates the need for such arguments .
So , to start , I recommend running Prime95 for a few hours .
Advertisement
To use Prime95 : Start up Prime95 and select " Just Stress Testing " if prompted .
If the Torture Test window does n't automatically come up , go to Options > Torture Test and set it to do a Small FFT test .
Hit OK and let it run for about six hours — I generally consider that a good amount of time .
Some people like to let it run for 12 hours to be extra safe .
Advertisement
Prime95 is great for testing the maximum temperature of your overclock , and may even push it farther than LinX — so keep an eye on your temperatures .
If they exceed your maximum safe value , you may want to back down your overclock another notch .
You 'll rarely see temperatures this high in real life , so if they 're borderline , you 're probably okay — but better safe than sorry , I always say .
When you 're done with Prime95 , I 'd also run AIDA64 for a bit .
Advertisement
To use AIDA64 : Start the program and click the " Stability System Test " button ( the one that looks like a computer monitor with a green graph on it ) .
Check all the boxes in the upper left - hand corner , then click the Start button to start the test .
Like Prime95 , run it for about six hours to ensure stability ( or more if you want ) .
AIDA64 is special because it not only pushes your CPU up to 100 % , but it also tests other instruction sets and components of the CPU to ensure everything is very stable .
Advertisement
Lastly , it I like to test it in more practical situations as well , just to make sure — i.e. , if you 're a gamer , play a little Battlefield 4 ; if do a lot of video conversion , throw a Blu - Ray at Handbrake and see how it runs .
If everything checks out , then congratulations !
You have successfully overclocked your system .
Next Steps
Like we said , this is a very basic introduction to overclocking for beginners .
Beyond this , there 's a lot more you can do .
If you 're happy with your overclock , then good !
You do n't really need to go further , However , here are a few things we 'd recommend checking out if you want to dig a little deeper :
Enable power - saving features :
Once you 've overclocked , your processor will likely stay at that speed all the time , constantly drawing extra power ( and producing extra heat ) .
Luckily , your motherboard probably has some built - in power - saving features , like Intel 's C-states or Speedstep .
Once you 're done overclocking , you can re-enable these , which will cause your CPU to " drop down " to slower speeds and smaller voltages when it 's idle .
However : you may need to play around with the settings on your individual motherboard .
For example , on my MSI motherboard , I had to use the per-core overclocking setting in " CPU Features " in order for this to work ( see below ) — just setting the multiplier in the main settings would n't let me re-enable C - States .
Other motherboards may require you to use something called " Adaptive Mode " for your voltages .
Do some research on your specific board if you want to re-enable these power saving settings .
: Once you 've overclocked , your processor will likely stay at that speed all the time , constantly drawing extra power ( and producing extra heat ) .
Luckily , your motherboard probably has some built - in power - saving features , like Intel 's C-states or Speedstep .
Once you 're done overclocking , you can re-enable these , which will cause your CPU to " drop down " to slower speeds and smaller voltages when it 's idle .
However : you may need to play around with the settings on your individual motherboard .
For example , on my MSI motherboard , I had to use the per-core overclocking setting in " CPU Features " in order for this to work ( see below ) — just setting the multiplier in the main settings would n't let me re-enable C - States .
Other motherboards may require you to use something called " Adaptive Mode " for your voltages .
Do some research on your specific board if you want to re-enable these power saving settings .
Clock your RAM :
When you first build your computer , your RAM does n't default to running at its rated speed .
In fact , it 's probably running at a slower speed than designed .
If you want it to run faster ( which does n't make a difference in most applications , but can in virtual machines or some more recent games ) , you can set your RAM speed and voltage in the BIOS according to its specs .
You may want to run a Prime95 Blend test ( instead of Small FFT ) afterwards to ensure it 's stable , or try a few runs of Memtest86
: When you first build your computer , your RAM does n't default to running at its rated speed .
In fact , it 's probably running at a slower speed than designed .
If you want it to run faster ( which does n't make a difference in most applications , but can in virtual machines or some more recent games ) , you can set your RAM speed and voltage in the BIOS according to its specs .
You may want to run a Prime95 Blend test ( instead of Small FFT ) afterwards to ensure it 's stable , or try a few runs of Enable per-core overclocking : most modern CPUs also allow for per-core overclocking , allowing you to get even higher clocks when your computer is only using one or two cores .
This guide
: most modern CPUs also allow for per-core overclocking , allowing you to get even higher clocks when your computer is only using one or two cores .
Lots , lots more :
There are a ton of experiments you can try if you really want to push your CPU to the limit , but we wo n't cover them here .
If you want to take it even further , search around for more advanced guides on the web and you 'll find a lot to get you started beyond the basics .
Advertisement
There 's plenty more to overclocking , but this guide should be enough to keep any beginner busy for awhile .
Remember to do some outside reading ; the sites mentioned at the beginning of this article have a ton of information contained within .
The more you read , the easier the process is going to be ( and the more effective your overclocking will be ) .
Good luck !
Title image remixed from blazor 85 .
Impressive win for the Mexicans ...
Italy 1 - 2 Mexico
The criticism of Italy coach Marcello Lippi is almost certain to increase after Mexico put the Azzurri to the sword with a thoroughly deserved 2 - 1 win at the King Baudouin Stadium in Brussels .
Carlos Vela opened the scoring early in the first half , and Mexico missed a number of chances to double their lead before substitute Alberto Medina finally made it 2 - 0 in the final 10 minutes .
Defender Leonardo Bonucci scored a consolation for the hugely disappointing Italians , who were outplayed throughout , in the final minute .
With Italy having no official match action coming into this fixture , much of the focus was on coach Marcello Lippi ’s squad selection .
Having already cut Antonio Candreva and Fabio Grosso from his original 30 , on June 1 he also released Salvatore Sirigu , Mattia Cassani , Andrea Cossu , Marco Borriello and Giuseppe Rossi from his final 23 .
The World Cup holders fielded a strong team , although Giorgio Chiellini and Mauro Camoranesi missed the game through injury .
Vincenzo Iaquinta , Antonio Di Natale and Alberto Gilardino featured up - front .
Mexico had promised to play a weakened starting XI , although dangerous attacking trio Javier Hernandez , Carlos Vela and Giovani Dos Santos all started .
Italy started strongly and were so close to taking the lead after just two minutes as Iaquinta headed against the crossbar following Andrea Pirlo 's corner .
Soon after , a fine Pirlo pass culminated in Di Natale lashing over .
Mexico's first chance arrived on eight minutes as some poor marking at a corner presented Gerardo Torrado with a clean shot from 20 yards which he fizzed a couple of yards wide .
This was a warning of what was to come as Mexico broke the deadlock on 16 minutes through .
The Arsenal striker latched on to a delightful Giovani chipped through ball and fired past Buffon .
Fernandez was about to double the advantage on 24 minutes after turning Fabio Cannavaro , but a Domenico Criscito tackle came to the rescue .
Carlos Salcido then fired just wide as Mexico started to dominate .
Italy 's best hope of scoring seemed to be from set - pieces and just shy of the hour mark Leonardo Bonucci headed over unmarked from a corner .
But it was Mexico who were playing all the football .
Salcido launched a missile from 30 yards that missed the top corner by inches .
Each side made one change at half time as Simone Pepe replaced Di Natale for Italy , and Pablo Barrera came on for Rafa Marquez for Mexico .
Barrera squandered a glorious opportunity moments after his introduction as he was put clean through on goal from De Rossi 's bad backpass , but the substitute chipped wide .
The North Americans missed another golden chance as Vela put the ball across the six yard box for an open goal , but Hernandez got it all wrong .
Mexico were laying siege to the Italian goal , and should have had a penalty on the hour mark after what appeared to be a clear foul from behind by Gianluca Zambrotta on Vela .
Italy desperately tried to change things , and Giampaolo Pazzini and Christian Maggio entered for Gilardino and Zambrotta .
But it was Mexico who continued to carve openings and Vela almost got onto the end of a chipped pass .
A deserved second Mexico goal finally arrived as two substitutes combined .
Legendary veteran Cuauhtemoc Blanco delivered a magnificent chipped pass to play in Albertowho finished emphatically by driving the ball into the corner .
With two minutes remaining Italy managed to get a consolation as substitute Salvatore Bocchetti hit the post with his first touch from a corner , and fellow defenderlashed home the rebound for his maiden nazionale goal .
Italy pushed for an equaliser , but it was Mexico who should have reopened their two goal advantage as Buffon came to the rescue with a superb point - blank save from substitute Andres Guardado .
The Azzurri 's final official friendly before their first World Cup group game against Paraguay will be on Saturday evening when they face Switzerland .
Mexico , meanwhile , will be delighted with this impressive victory .
See the goals by clicking here Become a fan of Goal.com International on Facebook !
Just click onto Facebook.com / Goal to join the beautiful game 's leading fan community ...
A flashcard stores information on a set of cards , with the information being typically portrayed as words and numbers .
The purpose of flashcards is to enable individuals to store verbal and visual information , often as a learning drill by way of spaced repetition .
The Leitner system is a popular method of studying with flashcards using spaced repetition .
When you learn flashcards of new words each day for a number of days , this information is stored in your short - term memory .
Flashcards also exercise the mental process of active recall .
This is an efficient learning principle where an individual ’s memory is stimulated during the learning process .
Unlike a passive review ( e.g. reading a book ) , active recall is designed to consolidate long - lasting memory of information .
Transferring information from short - term to long - term memory is essential in studying for an examination .
Flashcards are one of the best tools for memorizing information .
This is partly because of their versatility .
They can help teach multiplication skills , learn a foreign language , recall facts , historical dates , in fact anything that can be learned in an intuitive way .
To provide an insight into the quality of software available , we have compiled a list of 10 excellent flashcard applications .
Hopefully there will be something of interest for anyone who wants to memorize information .
Here ’s our verdict on each of the open source applications .
Now , let ’s explore the 10 flashcard applications at hand .
For each title we have compiled its own portal page , providing a screenshot of the software in action , a full description with an in - depth analysis of its features , together with links to relevant resources .
Flashcard Software Anki Extensible flashcard learning program Mnemosyne Project Spaced repetition flashcard program OpenCards Award - winning flashcard learning software Parley Vocabulary trainer for KDE 4 jVLT Vocabulary learning tool IGNUit Memorization aid based on the Leitner flashcard system granule Short - term and long - term memory training capabilities with scheduling KWordQuiz Flashcard learning program for KDE 4 FlashQard Improve your learning process using the Leitner System Pauker Generic card based learning program
Return to our complete collection of recommended free and open source software including our latest additions .
Related articles
Every Road Trip I 've Ever Been On
Will loves road trips , Ray loves toad lips , and Raf loves pancakes .
Alt - Text : Road trips would be cooler if you had a flying car , but not an ordinary flying car , a flying car that was really big and had TVs and people that served you food .
That would be cool .
3.7k SHARES Share Tweet
If you listen to the mainstream media long enough , you just might be tempted to believe that the United States has emerged from the recession and is now in the middle of a full - fledged economic recovery .
In fact , according to Obama administration officials , the great American economic machine has roared back to life , stronger and more vibrant than ever before .
But is that really the case ?
Of course not .
You would have to be delusional to believe that .
What did happen was that all of the stimulus packages and government spending and new debt that Obama and the U.S. Congress pumped into the economy bought us a little bit of time .
But they have also made our long - term economic problems far worse .
The reality is that the U.S. cannot keep supporting an economy on an ocean of red ink forever .
At some point the charade is going to come crashing down .
And GDP is not a really good measure of the economic health of a nation .
For example , if you would have looked at the growth of GDP in the Weimar republic in the early 1930s , you may have been tempted to think that the German economy was really thriving .
German citizens were spending increasingly massive amounts of money .
But of course that money was becoming increasingly worthless at the same time as hyperinflation spiralled out of control .
Well , today the purchasing power of our dollar is rapidly eroding as the price of food and other necessities continues to increase .
So just because Americans are spending a little bit more money than before really does n’t mean much of anything .
As you will see below , there are a whole bunch of other signs that the U.S. economy is in very , very serious trouble .
Any “ recovery ” that the U.S. economy is experiencing is illusory and will be quite temporary .
The entire financial system of the United States is falling apart , and the powers that be can try to patch it up and prop it up for a while , but in the end this thing is going to come crashing down .
But as obvious as that may seem to most of us , there are still quite a few people out there that are absolutely convinced that the U.S. economy will fully recover and will soon be stronger than ever .
So the following are 25 questions to ask anyone who is delusional enough to believe that this economic recovery is real … .
#1) In what universe is an economy with 39.68 million Americans on food stamps considered to be a healthy , recovering economy ?
In fact , the U.S. Department of Agriculture forecasts that enrollment in the food stamp program will exceed 43 million Americans in 2011 .
Is a rapidly increasing number of Americans on food stamps a good sign or a bad sign for the economy ?
# 2) According to RealtyTrac , foreclosure filings were reported on 367,056 properties in the month of March .
This was an increase of almost 19 percent from February , and it was the highest monthly total since Realty Trac began issuing its report back in January 2005 .
So can you please explain again how the U.S. real estate market is getting better ?
#3) The Mortgage Bankers Association just announced that more than 10 percent of U.S. homeowners with a mortgage had missed at least one payment in the January - March period .
That was a record high and up from 9.1 percent a year ago .
Do you think that is an indication that the U.S. housing market is recovering ?
#4) How can the U.S. real estate market be considered healthy when , for the first time in modern history , banks own a greater share of residential housing net worth in the United States than all individual Americans put together ?
#5) With the U.S. Congress planning to quadruple oil taxes , what do you think that is going to do to the price of gasoline in the United States and how do you think that will affect the U.S. economy ?
#6) Do you think that it is a good sign that Arnold Schwarzenegger , the governor of the state of California , says that “ terrible cuts ” are urgently needed in order to avoid a complete financial disaster in his state ?
#7) But it just is n’t California that is in trouble .
Dozens of U.S. states are in such bad financial shape that they are getting ready for their biggest budget cuts in decades .
What do you think all of those budget cuts will do to the economy ?
#8 ) In March , the U.S. trade deficit widened to its highest level since December 2008 .
Month after month after month we buy much more from the rest of the world than they buy from us .
Wealth is draining out of the United States at an unprecedented rate .
So is the fact that the gigantic U.S. trade deficit is actually getting bigger a good sign or a bad sign for the U.S. economy ?
# 9 ) Considering the fact that the U.S. government is projected to have a 1.6 trillion dollar deficit in 2010 , and considering the fact that if you went out and spent one dollar every single second it would take you more than 31,000 years to spend a trillion dollars , how can anyone in their right mind claim that the U.S. economy is getting healthier when we are getting into so much debt ?
# 10 ) The U.S. Treasury Department recently announced that the U.S. government suffered a wider - than - expected budget deficit of 82.69 billion dollars in April .
So is the fact that the red ink of the U.S. government is actually worse than projected a good sign or a bad sign ?
# 11 ) According to one new report , the U.S. national debt will reach 100 percent of GDP by the year 2015 .
So is that a sign of economic recovery or of economic disaster ?
# 12 ) Monstrous amounts of oil continue to gush freely into the Gulf of Mexico , and analysts are already projecting that the seafood and tourism industries along the Gulf coast will be devastated for decades by this unprecedented environmental disaster .
In light of those facts , how in the world can anyone project that the U.S. economy will soon be stronger than ever ?
# 13 ) The FDIC ’s list of problem banks recently hit a 17 - year high .
Do you think that an increasing number of small banks failing is a good sign or a bad sign for the U.S. economy ?
# 14 ) The FDIC is backing 8,000 banks that have a total of $ 13 trillion in assets with a deposit insurance fund that is basically flat broke .
So what do you think will happen if a significant number of small banks do start failing ?
# 15 ) Existing home sales in the United States jumped 7.6 percent in April .
That is the good news .
The bad news is that this increase only happened because the deadline to take advantage of the temporary home buyer tax credit ( government bribe ) was looming .
So now that there is no more tax credit for home buyers , what will that do to home sales ?
# 16 ) Both Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac recently told the U.S. government that they are going to need even more bailout money .
So what does it say about the U.S. economy when the two “ pillars ” of the U.S. mortgage industry are government - backed financial black holes that the U.S. government has to relentlessly pour money into ?
# 17 ) 43 percent of Americans have less than $ 10,000 saved for retirement .
Tens of millions of Americans find themselves just one lawsuit , one really bad traffic accident or one very serious illness away from financial ruin .
With so many Americans living on the edge , how can you say that the economy is healthy ?
# 18 ) The mayor of Detroit says that the real unemployment rate in his city is somewhere around 50 percent .
So can the U.S. really be experiencing an economic recovery when so many are still unemployed in one of America ’s biggest cities ?
# 19 ) Gallup ’s measure of underemployment hit 20.0 % on March 15th .
That was up from 19.7 % two weeks earlier and 19.5 % at the start of the year .
Do you think that is a good trend or a bad trend ?
# 20 ) One new poll shows that 76 percent of Americans believe that the U.S. economy is still in a recession .
So are the vast majority of Americans just stupid or could we still actually be in a recession ?
# 21 ) The bottom 40 percent of those living in the United States now collectively own less than 1 percent of the nation ’s wealth .
So is Barack Obama ’s mantra that “ what is good for Wall Street is good for Main Street ” actually true ?
# 22 ) Richard Russell , the famous author of the Dow Theory Letters , says that Americans should sell anything they can sell in order to get liquid because of the economic trouble that is coming .
Do you think that Richard Russell is delusional or could he possibly have a point ?
# 23 ) Defaults on apartment building mortgages held by U.S. banks climbed to a record 4.6 percent in the first quarter of 2010 .
In fact , that was almost twice the level of a year earlier .
Does that look like a good trend to you ?
# 24 ) In March , the price of fresh and dried vegetables in the United States soared 49.3 % – the most in 16 years .
Is it a sign of a healthy economy when food prices are increasing so dramatically ?
# 25 ) 1.41 million Americans filed for personal bankruptcy in 2009 – a 32 percent increase over 2008 .
Not only that , more Americans filed for bankruptcy in March 2010 than during any month since U.S. bankruptcy law was tightened in October 2005 .
So should n’t we at least wait until the number of Americans filing for bankruptcy is not setting new all - time records before we even dare whisper the words “ economic recovery ” ?
Me : “ Hi , how can help you today ? ”
Customer : “ Are you a lesbian ! ? ”
Me : “ Excuse me ? ”
Customer : “ You ’ve got real short hair .
I heard that women with short hair are lesbians . ”
Me : “ So , was there anything I could help you with ? ”
Customer : “ You can answer my question !
Are you a lesbian or not ? ! ”
Me : “ Sir , I do n’t feel it ’s appropriate for me to answer that . ”
Customer : “ I do n’t want some Hell - bound homosexual near me !
God will strike you down for disobeying his word ! ”
Me : “ Okay , okay .
If you really must know , no , I am not a lesbian . ”
Customer : “ Then why do you have short hair ? ? ”
( By this time , my manager , who is male - to - female transgender , walks over . )
Manager : * in their manly voice *
“ Is there a problem here , sir ? ”
Customer : “ Oh , dear lord !
You ’re not a woman ! ”
Manager : “ Only on paper , sir .
Customer : * runs out screaming *
“ This place is d***ed !
D***ed , I tell you ! ”
What could that engram actually be ?
The answer , previous research suggests , is that brain cells activated by an experience keep one another on biological speed - dial , like a group of people joined in common witness of some striking event .
Call on one and word quickly goes out to the larger network of cells , each apparently adding some detail , sight , sound , smell .
The brain appears to retain a memory by growing thicker , or more efficient , communication lines between these cells .
The billion - dollar question is how ?
In the decades since this process was described in the 1960s and 1970s , scientists have found scores of molecules that play some role in the process .
But for years the field struggled to pinpoint the purpose each one serves .
The problem was not that such substances were so hard to find — on the contrary .
In a 1999 paper in the journal Nature Neuroscience , two of the most prominent researchers in brain science , Dr. Jeff W. Lichtman and Joshua R. Sanes of Harvard , listed 117 molecules that were somehow involved when one cell creates a lasting speed - dial connection with a neighbor , a process known as “ long - term potentiation . ”
They did not see that these findings were necessarily clarifying the picture of how memories are formed .
But an oddball substance right there on their own list , it turned out , had unusual properties .
A Helpful Nudge
“ You know , my dad was the one who told me to look at this molecule — he was a scientist too , my dad , he ’s dead now but he had these instincts — so anyway that ’s how it all started , ” Dr. Sacktor was saying .
He was driving from his home in Yonkers to his laboratory in the East Flatbush neighborhood of Brooklyn , with three quiches and bag of bagels bouncing in the back seat .
Lunch for the lab .
The father ’s advice led the son , eventually , to a substance called PKMzeta .
In a series of studies , Dr. Sacktor ’s lab found that this molecule was present and activated in cells precisely when they were put on speed - dial by a neighboring neuron .
In fact , the PKMzeta molecules appeared to herd themselves , like Army Rangers occupying a small peninsula , into precisely the fingerlike connections among brain cells that were strengthened .
And they stayed there , indefinitely , like biological sentries .
Please , try again later and report the error to webmaster ( at ) opfocus.org
[ Update 3 ( June 4 , 16:00 UT ) : I have a followup post with a very pretty color picture , and video of the impact event . ]
[ UPDATE 2 : Wesley has put up his video , and it 's very cool .
The impact is , um , pretty obvious .
Bright , too , which makes me think this was a significant object .
I 'm very surprised at how quickly it brightens and fades , though ; I 'd expect the flash from the object itself to last a few seconds , and then to see some sort of glowing plume .
Perhaps the object itself was a small comet or a loosely packed asteroid -- a so - called " rubble pile " -- which fell apart and vaporized while still high in the atmosphere .
I 'm guessing , so I 'll wait and see what the experts say soon .
]
[ Update ( 19:00 Mountain time ) : CONFIRMED !
A poster on the Unmanned Space Flight forum reports that another amateur astronomer , Christopher Go ( link goes to home page , no news there yet ) has confirmed Anthony Wesley 's observation and also has video .
Though I 'm having some trouble playing it , I did see the flash in the video .
I think it 's safe to call this one real ! ]
In what turns out to be a major coincidence , Anthony Wesley , an amateur astronomer in Australia , is reporting that he recorded another impact on Jupiter !
This time he has video of the impact , which he claims was quite bright and lasted about two seconds .
The video is not yet available , but here 's a still :
He reports that there is no obvious impact scar as in previous such events .
If this pans out , I 'm sure Hubble and many other observatories will be in a big hurry to get observations !
Infrared images are of particular interest , since they can record the heat from the blast .
This really is a funny coincidence , since just this morning the news was released that the 2009 impact -- also discovered by Wesley -- was caused by an asteroid impact .
This new event appears to be smaller , since it did n't get as bright as the Shoemaker - Levy 9 impacts in 1994 , which were also of the same magnitude as the 2009 event .
I 've started contacting folks I know to see if anyone has more info on this .
Hopefully we 'll be getting the big guns involved as soon as possible !
Stay tuned .
Tip o' the Whipple Shield to Dan Durda for letting me know about this !
“ This was a war of Obama ’s choosing .
This is not something the United States has actively prosecuted or wanted to engage in . ”
Strictly speaking , Republican Party Chair Michael
Steele was way off base when he made this remark at a closed - door meeting of party contributors in Connecticut .
For the war began in 2001 under George W. Bush and was backed by almost all Americans , who collectively cheered the downfall of the Taliban and the rout of al - Qaida from its sanctuary in Afghanistan .
Yet , Steele was not entirely wrong .
Today , a majority of Americans do not believe the nine - year war in Afghanistan is any longer worth the rising cost in blood and money .
And by declaring it a “ war of necessity ” and tripling U.S. forces there , this president has made it “ Obama ’s war ” every bit as much as LBJ in 1964 and 1965 made Vietnam “ Johnson ’s War . ”
Gold , Peace , and Prosp ... Ron Paul Check Amazon for Pricing .
While Steele has spent every waking hour since his words hit the airwaves explaining , and declaring his commitment to victory , of far more interest is the alacrity with which neoconservatives piled on the chairman , demanding his resignation , while senators castigated him for remarks unacceptable for a Republican Party leader .
William Kristol ’s demand for Steele ’s resignation was echoed by Charles Krauthammer and Liz Cheney , daughter of the vice president .
From Afghanistan , Steele was attacked by Sens. Lindsey Graham and John McCain , who suggested he think again about his capacity to lead the Republican National Committee .
Behind the swiftness and severity of the attacks on one of their own by Republican pundits and politicians are motives more serious and sinister than exasperation at another gaffe by Michael Steele .
A Foreign Policy of Fr... Paul , Ron Best Price : $ 0.25 Buy New $ 8.85 ( as of 06:20 EST - Details )
The War Party is conducting this pre-emptive strike on Steele to send a message to dissenters .
In Krauthammer ’s phrase , it is now a “ capital offense ” for a Republican leader not to support the Obama troop surge and the Obama - Petraeus policy .
Yet , a majority of Americans oppose the Afghan war .
And the point made by Steele about the futility of fighting in Afghanistan has been made by columnists George Will and Tony Blankley , ex-Rep .
Joe Scarborough , Ron Paul , and antiwar conservatives and moderates .
When exactly did supporting Obama ’s war policy become a litmus test for loyal Republicans ?
What the War Party is up to here is a naked attempt to impose its orthodoxy , about the threat of “ Islamofascism ” and the Long War , on the entire GOP , 28 months before a presidential election .
Republicans of all persuasions should recoil at such arrogance .
For whence does it come , if not the same hawks and neocons who beat the drums for a unnecessary war on Iraq that cost 4,000 U.S. dead , 35,000 wounded and $ 700 billion , while making widows and orphans of half a million Iraqis ?
And what was that all about ?
Invading and occupying a country that never attacked us — to strip it of weapons it did not have .
Certainly , as the last nominee of the Republican Party , McCain can claim to be titular leader , as could George W. Bush , or Dick Cheney , Mitch McConnell or John Boehner .
But , if memory serves , the Bush - McCain party was repudiated in landslides in 2006 and 2008 , giving Democrats the presidency , the House and a veto - proof Senate .
And high among the reasons the country turned on the GOP is that , like Harry Truman and LBJ , the Bush - McCain GOP marched us into wars they could not win and could not end .
This campaign to censure and remove Steele is designed to censor debate and stifle dissent on Obama ’s war policy , as long as Obama ’s war policy closely tracks the agenda of the War Party .
Should Obama declare that he intends to stand by his deadline and begin pulling U.S. troops out of Afghanistan by July 2011 , those Republicans today accusing Steele of not supporting the troops and undercutting the president in wartime would themselves begin undercutting the president .
In November , the Republican Party will make gains .
But the party will be deluding itself if it assumes this means America wants a return to the interventionist policies that brought us the Iraq and Afghan wars .
The country will simply be saying :
We reject Obama ’s liberalism as emphatically as we rejected Bush neoconservatism .
Most Americans today approve of the agreed - upon end of U.S. combat operations in Iraq by August and removal of all U.S. troops by the end of 2011 , just as they support an American withdrawal from Afghanistan , starting a year from now .
But to contend that those who want the withdrawals to begin sooner , or those who want them to begin later , are unpatriotic and do not support the troops is itself unpatriotic .
The time for Republicans to decide on what the foreign policy of the party and a new administration should be is in the primaries of 2012 .
Until then , let every voice be heard , including that of Michael Steele .
The Best of Patrick J. Buchanan
The gulf oil spill has offered the nation an often agonizing study course in the complexities of oil engineering .
BP 's errors have prompted anger and accusations of ineptitude .
As the drilling of the relief wells progresses , Coast Guard Adm .
Thad Allen Friday took time at the opening of his briefing to explain how the operation to stop the leak is progressing , and , in the process , what just might go wrong .
Unless storms and hurricanes or engineering glitches stop the progress , one of the wells could intersect with BP 's leaking well 18,000 feet below the gulf 's surface and manage to cap it as early as August .
" The relief wells continue to go at pace , " Allen said .
" The Development Driller III , which is the primary relief well , is now at 10,968 feet below the mud line .
Development Driller II is 4,697 feet below the mud line .
" In regards to Development Driller III , two points to be made there .
They are starting what they call ranging activity .
This is where they withdraw the drill pipe and put down an electrical cable into the end of the wellbore , and they put out an electrical signal , and they actually could pick up the magnetic field around the wellbore .
This tells them how close they are getting .
" They have made contact with this electromagnetic field .
What they will do is continue to drill down in short intervals , withdraw the pipe , put that sensing device down , and slowly close on the wellbore to the point where they 're ready to do the intercept drilling .
" This last part takes some time , because they only do several hundred feet at a time , withdraw the drill pipe , and then put the sensor down to figure out how close they 're coming .
After a series of these readings , they can have a very precise idea of how close they are to the wellbore and then how to actually turn the drill in and make the intercept .
But then we 'll get much slower , because they have to basically drill , withdraw the drill pipe and put the sensor down .
" They also have a vessel standing by that 's full of mud on the top , in the event they were -- they get really close to potentially nick the wellbore , they can actually put mud down to control any hydrocarbons that might come out . "
-- Margot Roosevelt
MADRID Ã¢â‚¬â€ Spain , which has become a world leader in gay rights in recent years , is to get its first gay Christian church to celebrate marriages between same - sex couples , a news report said Sunday .
The US - based Metropolitan Community Churches ( MCC ) is to open a congregation in Madrid in October , the daily El Mundo said .
On its website , MCC said it was founded California in 1968 as “ the world ’s first church group with a primary , positive ministry to gays , lesbians , bisexual and transgender persons . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
It now claims 43,000 members in 300 congregations in 22 countries .
El Mundo said a lesbian couple , both Spaniards living in Canada , have come to Madrid to register an MCC congregation with the justice ministry which they expect to open in October .
“ We are the first ( gay ) church in Spain , ” one of the pair , Raquel Benitez , told the paper .
“ There are Christian groups that want to establish some type of ( gay ) religious organization but they have neither the importance nor the international support that MCC has .
“ We want to fill a gap that exists , a spiritual gap for homosexuals , for transsexuals and for any person that does not have a feel for other religions . ”
ADVERTISEMENT
Homosexuality was only legalized in Roman Catholic Spain in 1979 , shortly after the death of dictator Francisco Franco whose regime shipped off gays to institutions that some activists have likened to concentration camps .
The Socialist government of Prime Minister Jose Luis Rodriguez Zapatero has sought to promote gays rights as part of a liberal social agenda .
In 2005 it passed a law to allow same - sex marriages , making Spain only the third member of the European Union , after Belgium and the Netherlands , to do so .
ADVERTISEMENT
Since then , thousands of gay marriages have been performed in the country .
But the measure has drawn the ire of the Roman Catholic Church in Spain and a section of the conservative opposition Popular Party .
Luckily , landfall has n't been verified except in a few extreme outer barrier islands .
The blessing is that if things continue as they are , at least the west side of the state will be spared .
We will have a supply of seafood , but that supply will be affected .
In the short term our supplies will be cut in half — and that 's if we 're lucky .
In the long term I 'm afraid for the Mississippi Gulf Coast , Texas , the Florida panhandle .
It 's still possible for us to salvage our industry if we act swiftly and smartly — if we do n't leave it up to just the Coast Guard , and if the government takes control .
But for years these fishermen have been discounted by the government .
Allowing the rampant importation of sub-quality shrimp into our country was a huge slap in the face .
And this disaster is another : we 're acting so slowly when this has been brewing for 10 days .
It took the press to tell the story that has politicians up in arms .
But it 's been 10 days !
I understand that it takes the government time to mobilize .
But I was in the Marine Corps , and I know that if we need to we can strike heavily anywhere in the world in 24 hours .
Why are n't we using that kind of enthusiasm and drive to protect our coastland ?
I do n't think half the people in Washington have a clue of what 's at stake .
This is a fragile ecosystem that has had to survive so much already .
We 've had the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers nearly destroy nearly a third of it by dredging various canals , and there have been the aftereffects of hurricane after hurricane .
Then there 's the effect of the very powerful petroleum industry , which no one has wanted to comment on .
I 'm not against the oil companies — they 're our biggest customers ( even though I 'm a little tired of hearing " BP , " since last I heard it was British Petroleum ) .
But we could very well lose this entire ecosystem down here , and it would be catastrophic for the country .
These are federal waters .
It 's not a natural disaster , whatever I hear people say on television .
It 's so frustrating .
The Federal government has known about this for 10 days .
It should have said , " We 're going to act now , " and not wait for BP to take action .
This is unprecedented — not a little spill from a ship .
We do want to hold these companies responsible .
But first and foremost , we need to protect citizens .
This is much more than about birds .
It 's about a culture , an economy , the livelihood of thousands and thousands of people — and wetlands that have been the most concentrated source of seafood production for our entire country .
Now we 're seeing some action , because politicans have started thinking about poll numbers .
But now might be too late .
They can't even shut off the oil going into the Gulf .
Yes , it 's better for it to burn up out there , 45 minutes off the coast .
What they 're not saying when they talk about " sweet crude , " though , is the thick , gloppy , heavy crude mixed with sulfur coming up for over a mile underneath the surface of the Gulf .
We do n't know what the long - lasting effects are .
I 'm bitter that after 10 days , government continues to fumble the football , wondering whose job it is .
Saying BP is ultimately responsible is a bunch of hogwash .
We can't keep waiting for disasters to happen when we know how to prevent them in the first place .
Yes , we 've had luck with offshore drilling .
But it 's just like Wall Street : we can't expect companies to police themselves .
We want to hear what you think about this article .
Submit a letter to the editor or write to letters@theatlantic.com .
My project .
I ’m publishing my report earlier this week , because there was a lot to talk about .
This week I started to make changes in the code going in the direction of what I want to do .
I have n’t started a final implementation , but I ’m studying about how what I want to do will affect the rest of the Garbage Collection ( GC ) .
I noticed the code in rts / sm / Sweep.c was simple and similar to what I ’m planning to do , so I started changing how it works .
Sweep in the Glasgow Haskell Compiler ( GHC ) is done by a bitmap , which contains a bit for each word in a memory block , and is set to 1 when there ’s an object starting in the mapped area and 0 otherwise .
When there ’s a block with no objects starting at it , that is , all bits of the bitmap are set to 0 , the block is freed .
if ( resid == 0 ) { freed ++ ; gen->n_old_blocks --; if ( prev == NULL ) { gen->old_blocks = next ; } else { prev-> link = next ; } freeGroup ( bd ) ; }
The bits are analyzed in a group of BITS_IN ( W_ ) , where BITS_IN ( W_ ) is the number of bits in a word .
for ( i = 0 ; i < BLOCK_SIZE_W / BITS_IN ( W_ ) ; i++) { if ( bd->u.bitmap [ i ] !=
0 ) resid ++; }
If more than ¼ of the groups are completely set to 0 , the block is considered fragmented .
if ( resid < ( BLOCK_SIZE_W * 3 ) / ( BITS_IN ( W_ ) * 4 ) ) { fragd ++ ; bd->flags |= BF_FRAGMENTED ; }
Immix , the GC algorithm I plan to implement in GHC , divides the blocks of memory in lines .
My initial plan was to identify free lines .
I decided to consider a the size of a line fixed in BITS_IN ( W_ ) words , because it will map to a word in the bitmap , and the code was already analyzing in groups of BITS_IN ( W_ ) words .
This was very easy with the current code .
if ( bd->u.bitmap [ i ] !=
0 ) resid ++ ; else printf ( " DEBUG : line_found ( %
p )
" , bd -> start + BITS_IN ( W_ ) * i ) ;
This worked , and showed some free lines .
I ’m sure there are other ways of logging in GHC , but printf was the simplest way I could thought of .
I measured the occurrence of free lines using the bernouilli program from the NoFib benchmark suite , calling it with 500 +RTS -w , to make it uses sweep .
In 782 calls to GarbageCollect ( ) , sweep ( ) was called 171 times , for 41704 blocks to be swept and found 230461 free lines .
This gives us about 5.5 free lines per block , from the 8 lines in each block ( on 64 bits systems ) .
The problem is that the bitmap is marked only in the start of the objects allocated , so even in a line that all bits are marked with 0 we ca n’t assume that it ’s completely free , because there may be an object that starts in the previous line that is using the space of the line .
Checking only for the previous line does n’t work either , because a big object can span several lines .
What we can do here is a variation of conservative marking , as proposed in the Immix paper , checking only the previous line and working only with objects smaller than a line .
To make sure I was working only with objects smaller than a line , I had to mark the blocks that contains medium objects and avoid them when seeking free lines .
The block flags are defined in includes / rts / storage / Block.h , so I included another flag in this file , BF_MEDIUM .
/* Block contains objects evacuated during this GC */ #define BF_EVACUATED
1 /* Block is a large object */ #define BF_LARGE 2 /* Block is pinned */ #define BF_PINNED
4 /* Block is to be marked , not copied */ #define BF_MARKED 8 /* Block is free , and on the free list ( TODO : is this used ? ) */ #define BF_FREE 16 /* Block is executable */ #define BF_EXEC 32 /* Block contains only a small amount of live data */ #define BF_FRAGMENTED
64 /* we know about this block ( for finding leaks ) */ #define BF_KNOWN
128 /*
Block contains objects larger than a line */ #define BF_MEDIUM 256
The GHC GC is generational , there is , objects are allocated in a generation and , after a time , the ones that are still being used are moved the next generation .
This idea assumes the death probability of younger objects is higher , so few objects are moved to the next generation .
Sweep and Immix work only in the last generation so , to mark blocks with medium objects we have to check the size of the objects that are moved to the next generation .
This is done in the copy_tag function of rts/sm / Evac.c .
I inserted a code that checks for the object size and marks the block when it ’s bigger than BITS_IN ( W_ ) .
STATIC_INLINE GNUC_ATTR_HOT
void copy_tag( StgClosure **p , const StgInfoTable * info , StgClosure * src , nat size , generation * gen , StgWord tag ) { StgPtr to , from ; nat i ; to = alloc_for_copy ( size , gen ) ; if ( size > 8 ) { Bdescr ( to ) -> flags |= BF_MEDIUM ; }
So I updated the code in rts / sm / Sweep .c to only inspect for free lines in blocks without BF_MEDIUM mark .
if ( bd->u.bitmap [ i ] !=
0 ) resid ++ ; else if (!( bd-> flags & BF_MEDIUM ) ) { printf ( " DEBUG : line_found ( %
p )
" , bd -> start + BITS_IN ( W_ ) * i ) ; }
This also worked .
Now , in the 32012 blocks there were 189015 free lines , found in the same number of GCs , making about 5.9 free lines per block .
We considered only blocks with small objects , but we did n’t ignore the first line of each group of free lines .
This can be achieved by checking if the previous line was also free .
if ( bd->u.bitmap [ i ] !=
0 ) resid ++ ; else if (!( bd-> flags & BF_MEDIUM ) && i > 0 && bd->u.bitmap [i ] == 0 ) { printf ( " DEBUG : line_found ( %
p )
" , bd -> start + BITS_IN ( W_ ) * i ) ; }
Now , from the 32239 blocks , 165547 free lines were found , giving 5.1 free lines per block .
But there are more things to improve .
If the whole block is free , we want to free it , instead of marking it ’s lines as free .
So it ’s better to mark the lines after we know that the blocks are not completely free .
So I left the code that checks the bitmap as it was , and included a line check only for blocks that are not completely free .
At this point , I also associated the fragmentation test with blocks with medium objects , because in blocks of small objects we plan to allocate in free lines , so fragmentation is not a ( big ) issue .
if ( resid < ( BLOCK_SIZE_W * 3 ) / ( BITS_IN ( W_ ) * 4 ) && ( bd -> flags & BF_MEDIUM ) ) { fragd ++ ; printf ( " DEBUG : BF_FRAGMENTED
" ) ; bd->flags |= BF_FRAGMENTED ; } else if (!( bd-> flags & BF_MEDIUM ) ) { for( i = 1 ; i < BLOCK_SIZE_W / BITS_IN ( W_ ) ; i++) { if ( bd->u.bitmap[i ] == 0 && bd->u.bitmap [ i - 1 ] == 0 ) { printf ( " DEBUG : line_found ( %
p )
" , bd -> start + BITS_IN ( W_ ) * i ) ; } } }
The total ammount of blocks increased dramatically : the blocks that become fragmented and were not called again in sweep made a huge difference .
From the 345143 blocks , 1633268 free lines were found , or about 4.7 free lines per block .
9434 blocks were free , so , from the remaining blocks , we have about 4.9 free lines per block .
Something we ’ll need then is a way to access these lines latter .
The simplest way I thought to achieve it is constructing a list of lines , in each the first word of each free line is a pointer to the next free line , and the first word of the last free line is 0 .
It ’s useful to keep reporting the lines to stdout , so that we can then follow the list and check if we went to the same lines .
if(bd->u.bitmap[i ] == 0 && bd->u.bitmap [ i - 1 ] == 0 ) { StgPtr start = bd-> start + BITS_IN ( W_ ) * i ; printf ( " DEBUG : line_found ( % p )
" , start ) ; if ( line_first == NULL ) { line_first = start ; } if ( line_last != NULL ) { * line_last = ( StgWord ) start ; } line_last = start ; * line_last = 0 ; } } } } } for ( line_last = line_first ; line_last ; line_last = ( StgPtr ) * line_last ) { fprintf ( stderr , " DEBUG : line_found ( %
p )
" , line_last ) ; }
I printed the inclusion of the lines on the list to stdout , and the walking on the list in stderr , so that it ’d be easy to diff .
There was no difference between the lists .
There ’re another improvements that can be made , like using a list of groups of free lines , but I think it ’ll be better to think about this after studying how the allocation in the free lines will be done .
That ’s where I ’m going to now .
There are some minor things I learned , and thought they worth blogging .
The current GHC uses three strategies for collecting the last generation : copying , mark - compact and mark - sweep .
Copying is the default until the memory reaches 30 % of the maximum heap size ; after that , mark - compact is used .
Sweep can be chosen by a Real Time System ( RTS ) flag , - w .
To use mark - compact always , the flag is -c .
I ’ve been submitting small patches to the cvs-ghc mailling list , mostly about outdated comments .
Most of them were accepted , except for one which contained a lot of commentary , and that indeed was not completely correct .
I corrected it and resend to the list , but the message is waiting for approval because the message header matched a filter rule .
I believe this is because I replied the message generated from darcs .
There ’s a very useful ghc option , specially for testing the compiler , because in this case you need to rebuild the source , even when there ’re no changes in it .
It ’s - fforce - recomp , and it makes only sense when used with -- make .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Curtir isso : Curtir Carregando ...
Relacionado
Fears that the World Cup would be accompanied by a surge in domestic violence appear to have been realised , with one police force recording the greatest number of incidents since 1 January on the day England were knocked out of the tournament .
On 27 June , when England were defeated 4 - 1 by Germany , Greater Manchester police logged 353 incidents of domestic violence .
A spokesman for the force said the figure was the second highest recorded so far this year — and 15.7 % higher than the same day last year .
Police forces had been asked to highlight the issue after research conducted during the last World Cup showed that domestic violence increased by almost a third during the tournament .
Greater Manchester police teamed up with 10 local authorities , the Greater Manchester Domestic Abuse Helpline and Greater Manchester Public Health Network to launch an End the Fear World Cup campaign aimed at encouraging victims to seek support .
The helpline received 635 calls in June — which encompassed three weeks of the tournament — but the majority of cases of domestic abuse took place after England lost to Germany .
" Apart from New Year 's Day , it 's the highest number of domestic abuse incidents recorded in a day so far this year , " said the spokesman .
Assistant Chief Constable Terry Sweeney said the figures underlined the importance of the campaign .
" I am pleased at how many people have responded to the campaign so far and found the courage to come forward , " he said .
" I also want to send a clear message to offenders that there is no excuse for domestic abuse at any time , and we will look to ensure that those responsible are caught and brought to justice . "
The End the Fear campaign used graphic images such as a bloodied football shirt with " strike her " written on the back , and a broken bottle dripping with blood with a caption reading : " Do you have the bottle to stop ? "
The images were used online and as posters in pubs , hospitals and doctor 's surgeries .
Constabularies in the Isle of Man , Cumbria and West Yorkshire launched similar campaigns to combat the rise in domestic violence during the World Cup .
This selection — in partnership with the NZ Film Commission — showcases award - winning examples of Kiwi short filmmaking .
From the the tale of two men and a Cow , to the sleazy charms of The Lounge Bar , from Cannes to Ngawi ; this collection is a celebration of " a beautiful medium for nailing an idea to the fence post with a piece of No.8 wire . "
Jonathan Pollard speaking during a 1998 interview .
Photo by : AP
According to the official version of events , Israel immediately apologized to the U.S. after Pollard was arrested and claimed that a “ rogue agency ” had been behind the espionage activity .
Since then , a decision was made in Israel that no espionage activities will be undertaken on U.S. soil .
Except for the following …..
1985 The New York Times reports the FBI is aware of at least a dozen incidents in which American officials transferred classified information to the Israelis , quoting [ former Assistant Director of the F.B.I. ]
Mr. [ Raymond ] Wannal .
The Justice Department does not prosecute .
1985 Richard Smyth , the owner of MILCO , is indicted on charges of smuggling nuclear timing devices to Israel ( Washington Post , 10/31/86 ) .
1987 April 24 Wall Street Journal headline : “ Role of Israel in Iran - Contra Scandal Wo n’t be Explored in Detail by Panels ”
1992 The Wall Street Journal reports that Israeli agents apparently tried to steal Recon Optical Inc ’s top - secret airborne spy-camera system .
1992 Stephen Bryen , caught offering confidential documents to Israel in 1978 , is serving on board of the pro-Israeli Jewish Institute for National Security Affairs while continuing as a paid consultant — with security clearance — on exports of sensitive US technology .
1992 “ The Samson Option , ” by Seymour M. Hersh reports , “ Illicitly obtained intelligence was flying so voluminously from LAKAM into Israeli intelligence that a special code name , JUMBO , was added to the security markings already on the documents .
There were strict orders , Ari Ben-Menashe recalled : “ Anything marked JUMBO was not supposed to be discussed with your American counterparts . ”
1993 .
The ADL is caught operating a massive spying operation on critics of Israel , Arab - Americans , the San Francisco Labor Council , ILWU Local 10 , Oakland Educational Association , NAACP , Irish Northern Aid , International Indian Treaty Council , the Asian Law Caucus and the San Francisco police .
Data collected was sent to Israel and in some cases to South Africa .
Pressure from Jewish organizations forces the city to drop the criminal case , but the ADL settles a civil lawsuit for an undisclosed sum of cash .
1995 The Defense Investigative Service circulates a memo warning US military contractors that “ Israel aggressively collects [ US ] military and industrial technology . ”
The report stated that Israel obtains information using “ ethnic targeting , financial aggrandizement , and identification and exploitation of individual frailties ” of US citizens .
1996 A General Accounting Office report “ Defense Industrial Security : Weaknesses in US Security Arrangements With Foreign - Owned Defense Contractors ” found that according to intelligence sources “ Country A ” ( identified by intelligence sources as Israel , Washington Times , 2/22/96 ) “ conducts the most aggressive espionage operation against the United States of any US ally . ”
The Jerusalem Post ( 8/30/96 ) quoted the report , “ Classified military information and sensitive military technologies are high - priority targets for the intelligence agencies of this country . ”
The report described “ An espionage operation run by the intelligence organization responsible for collecting scientific and technologic information for [ Israel ] paid a US government employee to obtain US classified military intelligence documents . ”
The Washington Report on Middle East Affairs ( Shawn L. Twing , April 1996 ) noted that this was “ a reference to the 1985 arrest of Jonathan Pollard , a civilian US naval intelligence analyst who provided Israel ’s LAKAM [ Office of Special Tasks ] espionage agency an estimated 800,000 pages of classified US intelligence information . ”
The GAO report also noted that “ Several citizens of [ Israel ] were caught in the United States stealing sensitive technology used in manufacturing artillery gun tubes . ”
1996 An Office of Naval Intelligence document , “ Worldwide Challenges to Naval Strike Warfare ” reported that “ US technology has been acquired [ by China ] through Israel in the form of the Lavi fighter and possibly SAM [ surface - to - air ] missile technology . ”
Jane ’s Defense Weekly ( 2/28/96 ) noted that “ until now , the intelligence community has not openly confirmed the transfer of US technology [ via Israel ] to China . ”
The report noted that this “ represents a dramatic step forward for Chinese military aviation . ”
( Flight International , 3/13/96 )
1997 An Army mechanical engineer , David A. Tenenbaum , “ inadvertently ” gives classified military information on missile systems and armored vehicles to Israeli officials ( New York Times , 2/20/97 ) .
1997 The Washington Post reports US intelligence has intercepted a conversation in which two Israeli officials had discussed the possibility of getting a confidential letter that then - Secretary of State Warren Christopher had written to Palestinian leader Yasir Arafat .
One of the Israelis , identified only as “ Dov ” , had commented that they may get the letter from “ Mega ” , the code name for Israel ’s top agent inside the United States .
1997 US ambassador to Israel , Martin Indyk , complains privately to the Israeli government about heavy - handed surveillance by Israeli intelligence agents .
1997 Israeli agents place a tap on Monica Lewinsky ’s phone at the Watergate and record phone sex sessions between her and President Bill Clinton .
The Ken Starr report confirms that Clinton warned Lewinsky their conversations were being taped and ended the affair .
At the same time , the FBI ’s hunt for “ Mega ” is called off .
2001
It is discovered that US drug agents ’ communications have been penetrated .
Suspicion falls on two companies , AMDOCS and Comverse Infosys , both owned by Israelis .
AMDOCS generates billing data for most US phone companies and is able to provide detailed logs of who is talking to whom .
Comverse Infosys builds the tapping equipment used by law enforcement to eavesdrop on all American telephone calls , but suspicion forms that Comverse , which gets half of its research and development budget from the Israeli government , has built a back door into the system that is being exploited by Israeli intelligence and that the information gleaned on US drug interdiction efforts is finding its way to drug smugglers .
The investigation by the FBI leads to the exposure of the largest foreign spy ring ever uncovered inside the United States , operated by Israel .
Half of the suspected spies have been arrested when 9 - 11 happens .
On 9 - 11 , 5 Israelis are arrested for dancing and cheering while the World Trade Towers collapse .
Supposedly employed by Urban Moving Systems , the Israelis are caught with multiple passports and a lot of cash .
Two of them are later revealed to be Mossad .
As witness reports track the activity of the Israelis , it emerges that they were seen at Liberty Park at the time of the first impact , suggesting a foreknowledge of what was to come .
The Israelis are interrogated , and then eventually sent back to Israel .
The owner of the moving company used as a cover by the Mossad agents abandons his business and flees to Israel .
The United States Government then classifies all of the evidence related to the Israeli agents and their connections to 9 - 11 .
All of this is reported to the public via a four part story on Fox News by Carl Cameron .
Pressure from Jewish groups , primarily AIPAC , forces Fox News to remove the story from their website .
Two hours prior to the 9 - 11 attacks , Odigo , an Israeli company with offices just a few blocks from the World Trade Towers , receives an advance warning via the internet .
The manager of the New York Office provides the FBI with the IP address of the sender of the message , but the FBI does not follow up .
2001 The FBI is investigating 5 Israeli moving companies as possible fronts for Israeli intelligence .
2001 JDL ’s Irv Rubin arrested for planning to bomb a US Congressman .
He dies before he can be brought to trial .
2002 The DEA issues a report that Israeli spies , posing as art students , have been trying to penetrate US Government offices .
2002 police near the Whidbey Island Naval Air Station in southern Washington State stop a suspicious truck and detain two Israelis , one of whom is illegally in the United States .
The two men were driving at high speed in a Ryder rental truck , which they claimed had been used to “ deliver furniture . ”
The next day , police discovered traces of TNT and RDX military - grade plastic explosives inside the passenger cabin and on the steering wheel of the vehicle .
The FBI then announces that the tests that showed explosives were “ false positived ” by cigarette smoke , a claim test experts say is ridiculous .
Based on an alibi provided by a woman , the case is closed and the Israelis are handed over to INS to be sent back to Israel .
One week later , the woman who provided the alibi vanishes .
2003 The Police Chief of Cloudcroft stops a truck speeding through a school zone .
The drivers turn out to be Israelis with expired passports .
Claiming to be movers , the truck contains junk furniture and several boxes .
The Israelis are handed over to immigration .
The contents of the boxers are not revealed to the public .
2003 Israel deploys assassination squads into other countries , including the United States .
The US Government does not protest .
2004 Police near the Nuclear Fuel Services plant in Tennessee stop a truck after a three mile chase , during which the driver throws a bottle containing a strange liquid from the cab .
The drivers turn out to be Israelis using fake Ids .
The FBI refuses to investigate and the Israelis are released .
2004 Two Israelis try to enter Kings Bay Naval Submarine Base , home to eight Trident submarines .
The truck tests positive for explosives .
The above is taken from a WRH Report ….
it can be read HERE
Jerusalem honors convicted spy Pollard on 9,000th day of incarceration
A message urging Obama to free Pollard will be projected onto Jerusalem city walls ; Dozens of protesters call for Pollard ’s immediate release .
The Jerusalem municipality will dim lights that illuminate the walls surrounding the old city on Tuesday evening , as a gesture of solidarity with convicted spy Jonathan Pollard , who has been incarcerated in the United States for almost a quarter - century .
Pollard was arrested in 1986 as he tried to seek asylum in the Israeli Embassy in Washington .
He was convicted of espionage for Israel and was sentenced to life imprisonment .
As part of Tuesday ’s event , a special message calling upon U.S. President Barack Obama to release Pollard will be projected onto the darkened city walls .
Dozens of Pollard supporters demonstrated earlier Tuesday under the Metarim Bridge for the second consecutive day , calling for his immediate release .
Since Pollard ’s conviction , the U.S. has steadfastly refused to shorten his sentence or grant him a pardon , despite requests by Israeli prime ministers , ministers , and MKs .
According to the official version of events , Israel immediately apologized to the U.S. after Pollard was arrested and claimed that a “ rogue agency ” had been behind the espionage activity .
Since then , a decision was made in Israel that no espionage activities will be undertaken on U.S. soil .
Source
A surfer fought off a large shark and then reportedly rode a wave to safety in Western Australia .
Michael Bedford was knocked off his board by the shark , believed to have been a great white , which then came back for a second charge , witnesses said .
But he punched the animal and then caught a passing wave to the shore , where friends used the board 's rope as a tourniquet for bite wounds on his leg .
" He gave it a good whack he reckons , a good punch and that does n't surprise me knowing Mick , " witness Lee Cummuskey told ABC .
" It is your worst nightmare and Mick 's been through it and survived so he 's just really lucky . "
Mr Bedford had surgery after Sunday 's attack near Albany , south of Perth , and his condition was described as stable .
Australia has several shark attacks each year , with 194 people killed over the past 200 years , records show .
AFP
网上赌英雄联盟是真的假 的S10外围 《 碧蓝航 线Crosswave 》新截图公开共赏舰娘飒爽英姿 FXN7n4Uu 随后艾洪录就在上面建起了别墅，艾洪录说，“ 8栋别墅其实就是两栋房子分了4户 ” ，“ 这些别墅不像村民说的对外出售，而是以租赁的方式对外经营，租期是20年。当时有些别墅已经租出去了，后来上级说要拆除，也就拆除了。拆除后我得给人家退租金”
。RtU5
iuTz 上述村委会委员告诉红星新闻记者，目前村委会已经向法院起诉了艾洪录。这位村委会委员称，2009年庄里村村委会从九龙镇政府承包了庄里水库然后交给艾洪录经营，约定每年艾洪录向村里支付2000元管理费。但是10年来艾洪录都没有交过管理费。村里决定终止与艾洪录的承包合同。iwca
2 Aux 林郑还表示，特区政府近期正在筹备成立独立检讨委员会，以探究修例风波成因及深层次社会问题。但她坦承，在现时 “ 起底 ” 和人身攻击现象频发的环境下，找人加入该委员会有难度，特区政府会再努力。cTTMvXA3
mSOb 第二十一条 教材审核采用个人审读与会议审核相结合的方式，经过集体充分讨论，形成书面审核意见，得出审核结论。审核结论分 “ 通 过 ” “ 重新送 审 ” 和“ 不予通过 ” 三种。xAxa
a7BQ 第三十一条 国家出版管理部门负责教材出版、印刷、发行工作的监督管理，健全质量管理体系，加强检验检测，确保教材编印质量，指导教材定价。d59R
NMnd 第三十八条 违反本办法，出现以下行为之一的，视情节轻重和所造成的影响，由上级或同级教育行政部门给予通报批评、责令停止违规行为，并由主管部门或所在单位按规定对相关责任人给予相应处分。对情节严重的单位和个人列入负面清单；涉嫌犯罪的，依法追究刑事责任。ALNm
2005 年，无印良品在上海开启第一家门店，正式进驻中国。从2012年起，无印良品在中国以每年30-50间店铺的速度扩张。截至2019年2月28日，无印良品在日本共有420家门店，在海外共有497家门店，其中中国大陆最多，达到256家，占海外门店的一半以上。
tUBC 第二十三条 教材经审定后方可出版、发行。教材出版、发行单位必须取得国家出版主管部门批准的教材出版、发行资质。教材出版单位要严格按照审定通过的出版稿印刷，并向相关教育行政部门备案。a1Nf
QlQD 第五条 在国家教材委员会指导和统筹下，职业院校教材实行分级管理，教育行政部门牵头负责，有关部门、行业、学校和企业等多方参与。m6cs
64Ra 后来，我就带他们看有关航母的纪录片，看有关战舰的电影，特别是《红海行动》，很多设计师看完电影后的第一个感受，是中国海军好帅好酷啊，帅气成了他们继续感兴趣的动力。eq1j
0UNa 据介绍，兰州柴家峡黄河大桥是兰州向西方向的重要出入口，项目建成后，将改善兰州过境交通条件，有效缓解城市交通压力，对于发挥兰州“ 一带一路”节点城市的作用具有重大意义。（完）joTh
MfGu 第三十六条 教材管理工作接受相关部门、教师、学生、家长及社会监督。国务院教育行政部门对各地教材管理工作进行检查和督导。各级教育行政管理部门对本区域内的教材使用进行检查和监督。mFdp
2Idc 通知还称 ， “ 限你（艾洪录）收到通知书后两日内主动履行，于2019年12月12日前拆除完毕。逾期拒不主动履行，涞水县人民政府将依法强制拆除，由此产生的费用由你承担” 。1wbB
gx0v 海外 网8月20日电 据港媒报道，祸港头目、壹传媒创办人黎智英于2017年涉嫌在维多利亚公园内恐吓一名记者，案件20日在西九龙法院开审。男事主出庭作证称，被告曾对其粗口辱骂，并说“我一定会找人搞你”。法庭早前已下令将事主及另一名证人匿名。Jhe9
n Jxu 第三十三条 承担国家统编教材编写修订任务，主编和核心编者视同承担国家级科研课题；承担国家课程非统编教材编写修订任务，主编和核心编者视同承担省部级科研课题，享受相应政策待遇。审核专家根据工作实际贡献和发挥的作用参照以上标准执行。编审人员所在单位应充分保证其工作时间，将编审任务纳入工作量计算，作为业绩考核、职务评聘的依据。落实国家和省级教材奖励制度，加大对优秀教材的支持。5S1C
ec28 8月17日晚上，在南阳六六顺酒楼、盛和生炝烩面等多家餐饮门店，除了在门口显眼位置摆放“ 杜绝浪费” 的提示牌，店内“ 你打包了吗 ” “ 光盘行 动 ” “ 不剩饭、不剩 菜 ” 等海报也随处可见。xw1t
wp8 W 对此，艾洪录向红星新闻记者表示，2018年他确实曾收到水利部门下达的停工通知，但当时别墅的主体建筑已经做完，后来仍然完成了装修。BVVt
TN0 x 在南阳，多方参与的文明餐桌氛围也越来越浓。该市餐饮与住宿行业协会秘书长李文卿介绍，早在2014年时，协会就发起过“文明餐桌活动”，倡议大家适量点餐，剩菜打包。6J2B
y1BB 全国政法队伍教育整顿试点工作动员会上，中央政法委秘书长陈一新的厉声犹在：要从刮骨疗毒式的自我革命、激浊扬清式的“ 延安整风”、铸魂扬威式的高度，深刻认识开展政法队伍教育整顿。WMR8
JqZF 中新网兰 州8月19日电 （史静静） “ 兰州柴家峡黄河大桥主桥实现主桥合龙。”
承建该项目的中国二冶集团有限公司总经理高文华介绍，这标志着，国内曲率半径最小、跨度最大的“ S”型曲线跨黄河斜拉桥建设获得成功。IoMz
MVPD 第二十九条 教材一经选用应当保持相对稳定。如需更换教材版本，应由教材选用单位委托专业机构征求使用地区学校教师、学生及家长意见，形成评估报告，并向省级教育行政部门提出书面申请。省级教育行政部门同意后，教材选用单位组织教材选用委员会按程序选用其他版本教材。原则上从起始年级开始更换使用新版本教材。paPJ
1.ZNSW 2019年5月，时任湖北省应急管理厅党组书记、厅长的郭唐寅被查，2019年6月，时任湖北省公安厅原党委委员、湖北警官学院原党委书记董国祥被查。KL5G
2.6zp9 央视网消息：作为耕地中最优质、最高产、最精华的部分，永久基本农田在粮食安全中的地位更加凸显。国家对永久基本农田也进行了全面划定并实行特殊保护，截至目前，全国共划定15.5亿亩永久基本农田。RvXh
3.hvKO 丁金坤认为，鉴于社会危害性不大，对于上述雷州当事高考生购买伪造的清华大学录取通知书，可以从宽处理，治安处罚即可，不必追究刑事责任。U3VW
4.gYF2 钟倩和同事们用镜头见证了白鲟放流的全过程——众人用白帆布担架轻轻抬起网箱囤船中的白鲟，在白鲟背鳍部缝合了一个声纳发声仪，再缓缓打开担架放入江中，白鲟扭动着尾巴，没入长江中。5HvD
Kelly Brook straddling a Harley Davidson
British pin-up appearing on the pages of Maxim magazine in the States
Not -So -Daily Link of the Day : Run'a Entertainment , the company that entered an Evangelion racing car in the Super GT300 - class grand touring championship series , is now fielding an Evangelion road - racing motorcycle .
The Evangelion RT - 01 Trick Star racing team has decorated a Kawasaki ZX - 10 R superbike with colors inspired by the EVA - 01 unit from the Evangelion anime franchise .
The team will compete in the Coca - Cola Zero Suzuka 8 - Hour Endurance Road Race , the third race in the 2010 QTEL FIM World Endurance Championship Series , from July 22 to July 25 .
The Evangelion RT - 01 apr Corolla car is currently in 11th place in the point standings of the Super GT300 series .
Source : Cinema Topics Online
Images © Khara
By now , you 've no doubt heard of the Russian spy ring that was recently busted in the US , and you 've also probably heard that they apparently were n't very bright .
The complaint filed in their case documents a litany of unprofessionalism and carelessness , from leaving written passwords out in the open to asking a federal agent posing as a fellow spy to troubleshoot a laptop without even bothering to check back with HQ to see if the " spy " was legit .
But as incompetent as these spies were , they were bright enough to at least partially outwit the large - scale e-mail snooping efforts of the NSA 's backbone taps and multibillion - dollar datacenters .
How ?
By using steganography to encode secret text messages in image files , which they then placed on websites .
After searching one spy 's apartment , law enforcement agents found a computer and made a copy of its hard drive for later analysis .
On the hard drive they found an address book containing website links , which the agents visited and downloaded images from .
The complaint notes that " these images appear wholly unremarkable to the naked eye .
But these images ( and others ) have been analyzed using the Steganography Program .
As a result of this analysis , some of the images have been revealed as containing readable text files . "
The steganography program used to decode the images was also on one of the hard drives copied in the search ; it was this hard drive which was password protected , and which the agents were able to unlock because the 27 - character password was written down on a piece of paper and left lying out in the open on a desk .
Clearly , the spies would have been better off with a much shorter password that could have been memorized versus a too - long one that they had to write down and keep nearby .
But " do n't write down your passwords " and " do n't pick passwords that you have to write down " are the two least interesting lessons to draw from the spies ' comical ineptitude .
The deeper lesson is that , however dumb these spies were , the real joke here is on US taxpayers .
This technique of using steganography to hide messages in images published online is n't particularly brilliant , and it 's simple enough to execute that these apparent nincompoops could manage it .
Yet our government spends tens of billions of dollars on networking monitoring hardware and data - mining efforts that are aimed at vacuuming up our electronic communications and automatically parsing them for terrorist - speak .
All of this technology would fail to detect the messages that these spies sent — either their contents or the simple fact of their existence .
The Russian spies ' online messaging activity would look to any automated system like perfectly normal HTTP traffic .
The ultimate point here is one that I 've made again and again : it 's very , very hard for data mining techniques to extract truly reliable signals from even a relatively high - quality , carefully curated dataset .
But when a tiny fraction of a giant dataset has been maliciously and stealthily manipulated by humans who , even at their most incompetent , are still smarter than computers , then the GIGO rule kicks in and you 're getting garbage without knowing it .
As this Christian Science Monitor story points out , it 's not yet known how these spies were caught .
But unless they were dumb enough talk spy stuff via regular e-mail , despite having access to a far superior means of message passing , then we can be fairly certain about how they were not caught : by the NSA 's expensive , constitution - busting data - mining efforts .
Papercutting is the art of cutting paper designs .
The art has evolved uniquely all over the world to adopt to different cultural styles .
The oldest surviving paper cut out is a symmetrical circle from the 6th century found in Xinjiang China .
By the eighth or ninth century papercutting appeared in West Asia and in Turkey in the 16th century .
Within a century , papercutting was being done in most of middle Europe .
Below I ’ll feature some of the most amazing paper cutting you have ever seen .
Remember , there is no templates when these are being created and that makes it that much more amazing .
Click on the images to go the artists website .
Peter Callesen
Su Blackwell
Diana Bryan
Andrea Dezso
Chen Hang Feng
Lisa Huber
Andreas Kocks
Bovey Lee
Conclusion
The art form of paper cutting is as diverse as any other art form on the planet as you have seen by these examples .
Let us know what you think about this in the comments .
Also , if you know of any other awesome paper cutters out there , throw a link up for them .
Looking forward to seeing what comes out of this .
This week , corporate bellwethers like Alcoa , Google , JPMorgan Chase and Intel are scheduled to report second - quarter results .
While earnings will vary by company and industry , economists say that , taken together , the reports will point to some bright spots for the economy , as well as to some enduring obstacles .
Since profits plunged in late 2008 , along with the economy , earnings have been increasing fairly steadily for many companies , partly because they have been coming off such a low base .
For the second quarter , earnings per share for companies whose stocks are included in the Standard and Poor ’s 500 - stock index are expected to have expanded 25 to 30 percent from the same period a year earlier .
If the results beat analysts ’ expectations , they could add fuel to the nascent rally in the stock market , bolster the pace of the economic recovery and possibly hint at what many Americans hope for the most : a return to hiring .
But analysts say they also believe that now , perhaps more than at any other time since 2008 , the numbers will be only part of the story .
Many investors will comb the results for clues about where corporate executives think their businesses , and by extension , the broader economy , will go from here .
How will companies weather the expiration of the federal stimulus program and tax cuts ?
How will they deal with the running financial crisis in Europe ?
What about exports and the looming midterm elections ?
WASHINGTON  Goldman Sachs has agreed to pay $ 550 million to settle federal claims that it misled investors in a subprime mortgage product as the housing market began to collapse , officials said Thursday .
If approved by a federal judge in Manhattan , the settlement would rank among the largest in the 76 - year history of the Securities and Exchange Commission , but it would represent only a small financial dent for Goldman , which reported $ 13.39 billion in profit last year .
News of the settlement sent Goldman ’s shares 5 percent higher in after - hours trading , adding far more to the firm ’s market value than the amount it will have to pay in the settlement .
Even so , the settlement is humbling for Goldman , whose elite reputation and lucrative banking business endured through the financial crisis , only to be battered by government investigations that shed light on potential conflicts of interest in its dealings .
The investment arms of the CIA and Google are both backing a company that monitors the web in real time – and says it uses that information to predict the future .
The company is called Recorded Future , and it scours tens of thousands of websites , blogs and Twitter accounts to find the relationships between people , organizations , actions and incidents – both present and still - to - come .
In a white paper , the company says its temporal analytics engine " goes beyond search " by " looking at the ' invisible links ' between documents that talk about the same , or related , entities and events . "
The idea is to figure out for each incident who was involved , where it happened and when it might go down .
Recorded Future then plots that chatter , showing online " momentum " for any given event .
" The cool thing is , you can actually predict the curve , in many cases , " says company CEO Christopher Ahlberg , a former Swedish Army Ranger with a PhD in computer science .
Which naturally makes the 16 - person Cambridge , Massachusetts , firm attractive to Google Ventures , the search giant 's investment division , and to In - Q - Tel , which handles similar duties for the CIA and the wider intelligence community .
It 's not the very first time Google has done business with America 's spy agencies .
Long before it reportedly enlisted the help of the National Security Agency to secure its networks , Google sold equipment to the secret signals - intelligence group .
In - Q - Tel backed the mapping firm Keyhole , which was bought by Google in 2004 – and then became the backbone for Google Earth .
This appears to be the first time , however , that the intelligence community and Google have funded the same startup , at the same time .
No one is accusing Google of directly collaborating with the CIA .
But the investments are bound to be fodder for critics of Google , who already see the search giant as overly cozy with the U.S. government , and worry that the company is starting to forget its " do n't be evil " mantra .
America 's spy services have become increasingly interested in mining " open source intelligence " – information that ’s publicly available , but often hidden in the daily avalanche of TV shows , newspaper articles , blog posts , online videos and radio reports .
" Secret information is n’t always the brass ring in our profession , " then CIA - director General Michael Hayden told a conference in 2008 .
" In fact , there ’s a real satisfaction in solving a problem or answering a tough question with information that someone was dumb enough to leave out in the open . "
U.S. spy agencies , through In - Q - Tel , have invested in a number of firms to help them better find that information .
Visible Technologies crawls over half a million web 2.0 sites a day , scraping more than a million posts and conversations taking place on blogs , YouTube , Twitter and Amazon .
Attensity applies the rules of grammar to the so - called " unstructured text " of the web to make it more easily digestible by government databases .
Keyhole ( now Google Earth ) is a staple of the targeting cells in military - intelligence units .
Recorded Future strips from web pages the people , places and activities they mention .
The company examines when and where these events happened ( " spatial and temporal analysis " ) and the tone of the document ( " sentiment analysis " ) .
Then it applies some artificial - intelligence algorithms to tease out connections between the players .
Recorded Future maintains an index with more than 100 million events , hosted on Amazon.com servers .
The analysis , however , is on the living web .
" We 're right there as it happens , " Ahlberg told Danger Room as he clicked through a demonstration .
" We can assemble actual real - time dossiers on people . "
Recorded Future certainly has the potential to spot events and trends early .
Take the case of Hezbollah 's long - range missiles .
On March 21 , Israeli President Shimon Peres leveled the allegation that the terror group had Scud - like weapons .
Scouring Hezbollah leader Hassan Nasrallah 's past statements , Recorded Future found corroborating evidence from a month prior that appeared to back up Peres ' accusations .
That 's one of several hypothetical cases Recorded Future runs in its blog devoted to intelligence analysis .
But it 's safe to assume that the company already has at least one spy agency 's attention .
In - Q - Tel does n't make investments in firms without an " end customer " ready to test out that company 's products .
Both Google Ventures and In - Q - Tel made their investments in 2009 , shortly after the company was founded .
The exact amounts were n't disclosed , but were under $ 10 million each .
Google 's investment came to light earlier this year online .
In - Q - Tel , which often announces its new holdings in press releases , quietly uploaded a brief mention of its investment a few weeks ago .
Both In - Q - Tel and Google Ventures have seats on Recorded Future 's board .
Ahlberg says those board members have been " very helpful , " providing business and technology advice , as well as introducing him to potential customers .
Both organizations , it 's safe to say , will profit handsomely if Recorded Future is ever sold or taken public .
Ahlberg 's last company , the corporate intelligence firm Spotfire , was acquired in 2007 for $ 195 million in cash .
Google Ventures did not return requests to comment for this article .
In - Q - Tel Chief of Staff Lisbeth Poulos e-mailed a one - line statement : " We are pleased that Recorded Future is now part of IQT 's portfolio of innovative startup companies who support the mission of the U.S. Intelligence Community . "
Just because Google and In - Q - Tel have both invested in Recorded Future does n't mean Google is suddenly in bed with the government .
Of course , to Google 's critics – including conservative legal groups , and Republican congressmen – the Obama Administration and the Mountain View , California , company slipped between the sheets a long time ago .
Google CEO Eric
Schmidt hosted a town hall at company headquarters in the early days of Obama 's presidential campaign .
Senior White House officials like economic chief Larry Summers give speeches at the New America Foundation , the left - of - center think tank chaired by Schmidt .
Former Google public policy chief Andrew McLaughlin is now the White House 's deputy CTO , and was publicly ( if mildly ) reprimanded by the administration for continuing to hash out issues with his former colleagues .
In some corners , the scrutiny of the company 's political ties have dovetailed with concerns about how Google collects and uses its enormous storehouse of search data , e-mail , maps and online documents .
Google , as we all know , keeps a titanic amount of information about every aspect of our online lives .
Customers largely have trusted the company so far , because of the quality of their products , and because of Google 's pledges not to misuse the information still ring true to many .
But unease has been growing .
Thirty seven state Attorneys General are demanding answers from the company after Google hoovered up 600 gigabytes of data from open Wi -Fi networks as it snapped pictures for its Street View project .
( The company swears the incident was an accident . )
" Assurances from the likes of Google that the company can be trusted to respect consumers ' privacy because its corporate motto is ' do n’t be evil ' have been shown by recent events such as the ' Wi - Spy ' debacle to be unwarranted , " long - time corporate gadfly John M. Simpson told a Congressional hearing in a prepared statement .
Any business dealings with the CIA 's investment arm are unlikely to make critics like him more comfortable .
But Steven Aftergood , a critical observer of the intelligence community from his perch at the Federation of American Scientists , is n't worried about the Recorded Future deal .
Yet .
" To me , whether this is troublesome or not depends on the degree of transparency involved .
If everything is aboveboard – from contracts to deliverables – I do n't see a problem with it , " he told Danger Room by e-mail .
" But if there are blank spots in the record , then they will be filled with public skepticism or worse , both here and abroad , and not without reason . "
Photo : AP / Charles Dharapak
See Also :
Following the attacks on the Freedom Flotilla in which 9 Turkish citizens were killed , Turkey has decided to continue severing ties with Israel by canceling the agreement it signed in 2000 to supply Israel with water for a 20 year period .
The newspaper also maintained that “ The cancelled water project is not the first sign of Turkey 's anger over the Gaza boats incident " adding Turkey has also recalled its ambassador , and has frozen a plan to supply Israel with natural gas from Russia using an underwater pipeline ” .
According to the agreement Turkey would sell approximately 1.75 billion cubic feet of water per year .
The Israel National Newspaper asserted that the annulment of the agreement comes as a punishment to the Israeli entity for refusing to apologise , conduct an international investigation or compensate the martyrs ofthe Freedom Flotilla 's families .
This is Guillaume Néry , a French free - diver specialised in Constant Weight free - diving .
He broke the world record in 2002 at - 87 meters in the Villefranche - sur - Mer harbour , in Alpes - Maritimes , France .
Then , in 2004 , he pushed the record to - 96 meters in Saint - Leu , la Réunion .
On September 6 , 2006 , he broke the record again at - 109 meters in Nice ( this record was subsequently broken by Herbert Nitsch at - 112 meters in November 2007 ) .
On July 3 , 2008 , he dove to - 113 meters and set a new world record .
Read next : LOL .
Genius : The Obama Plan
Last Friday I was at ReCon in Montreal to give a talk about obfuscated PDF malware .
I got the idea for the talk during my work on PDF Dissector where I saw a lot of obfuscated PDF malware .
The obfuscation I saw in the wild was mostly very limited and the malware authors did not seem to think things through to the very end .
I took the opportunity to think a bit further about the whole topic of PDF malware obfuscation and a few of the result of these thoughts can be seen in the slides below .
If you do not have Flash enabled , click here to download the slides .
[ slideshare id=4745445&doc=howtoreallyobfuscateyourpdfmalware-100713095253-phpapp01 ]
This is my crazy life Life is good mycrazyhair
Really freaking important note about your rights during the G20 Public Works Protection Act , there has always been an exception for people who go on railroads , gasworks , waterworks , electrical generation power works , or other " public works " as defined in
The rule , in a public work , is that you have to " comply with a request or direction " made by a " guard " who has been designated under the Act .
This includes a request to provide identification or leave the area .
If you do n't , you will be subject to a fine of up to $ 500 or up to two months in prison .
Well the bloody government has gone and designated a big chunk of downtown Toronto as a public work for the next three days !
From now until June 28th , if you refuse to provide identification while you 're in the zone , or refuse to " comply with a request or direction " made by a guard under the Public Works Protection
Act , then you can go to jail for up to two months and be liable to a fine of up to $ 500 .
I am so angry I cannot begin to explain it .
Those buggers have passed a new regulation with penal consequences without bloody well publishing it in the Ontario Gazette .
They 're planning to publish it NEXT WEEK after it bloody well expires .
I am furious .
The whole theory behind the rule that " ignorance of the law is no excuse " is that the laws are out there , published , and you 're supposed to keep up with the ones that apply to you .
I 'm not even sure this regulation is constitutional .
But it 's currently in effect , and the police will be acting on it .
So be aware : if you 're in the following area , you have to do what the nice officers say , or they can haul you away and put you in a cage
I 'm having some difficulty interpreting exactly what the new regulation means , so you may want to look at it yourself .
The regulation says that the new rule applies to any " public works " ( as described in section 1 ( a ) of the Act ) including all sidewalks within the following area : Beginning at the curb at the southeast corner of Blue Jays Way and Front Street West ;
then north to the centre of Front Street West ;
then east along the centre of Front Street West to the east curb of Windsor Street ;
then north along the east curb of Windsor Street to the centre of Wellington Street ;
then east along the centre of Wellington Street to the centre of Bay Street ;
then south along the centre of Bay Street to a point directly opposite the north wall of Union Station ;
then west along the exterior of the north wall of Union Station to the centre of York Street ;
then south along the centre of York Street , continuing east of the abutments under the railway overpass , and continuing south along the centre of York Street to the centre of Bremner Boulevard ;
then west along the centre of Bremner Boulevard to the east curb of Lower Simcoe Street ;
then south along the east curb of Lower Simcoe Street to the north curb of Lake Shore Boulevard West ;
then west along the north curb of Lake Shore Boulevard West to the south end of the walkway that is located immediately west of the John Street Pumping Station and runs between Lake Shore Boulevard West and the bus parking lot of the Rogers Centre ;
then north along the west edge of that walkway to the bus parking lot of the Rogers Centre ;
then west along the south edge of the bus parking lot of the Rogers Centre to the west edge of the driveway running between the parking lot and Bremner Boulevard ;
then north along the west edge of that driveway to the north curb of Bremner Boulevard ;
then west along the north curb of Bremner Boulevard to the east curb of Navy Wharf Court ;
then north along the east curb of Navy Wharf Court to the southwest point of the building known as 73 Navy Wharf Court ;
then east along the exterior of the south wall of that building ;
then north along the exterior of the east wall of that building to the curb of Blue Jays Way ;
then north along the east curb of Blue Jays Way to the curb at the southeast corner of Blue Jays Way and Front Street West .
And , in addition to this , the new regulation defines the following as public works :
The area , within the area described in Schedule 1 , that is within five metres of a line drawn as follows :
Beginning at the south end of the walkway that is located immediately west of the John Street Pumping Station and runs between Lake Shore Boulevard West and the bus parking lot of the Rogers Centre ;
then north along the west edge of that walkway to the bus parking lot of the Rogers Centre ;
then west along the south edge of the bus parking lot of the Rogers Centre to the west edge of the driveway running between the parking lot and Bremner Boulevard ;
then north along the west edge of that driveway and ending at Bremner Boulevard .
The area , within the area described in Schedule 1 , that is within five metres of a line drawn as follows : Beginning at the southwest point of the building known as 73 Navy Wharf Court ;
then east along the exterior of the south wall of that building ;
then north along the exterior of the east wall of that building and ending at the curb of Blue Jays Way .
The below - grade driveway located between Union Station and Front Street West and running between Bay Street and York Street in the City of Toronto .
comments on the There arecomments on the Dreamwidth version of this post .
You can comment there using OpenID .
Okay , so you know that the usual rule is that the police can't just stop you on the street and ask you to provide identification or explain what you 're doing ?
Well , under the Ontario , there has always been an exception for people who go on railroads , gasworks , waterworks , electrical generation power works , or other " public works " as defined in the Act The rule , in a public work , is that you have to " comply with a request or direction " made by a " guard " who has been designated under the Act .
This includes a request to provide identification or leave the area .
If you do n't , you will be subject to a fine of up to $ 500 or up to two months in prison .
Well the bloody government has gone and designated a big chunk of downtown Toronto as a public work for the next three days !
I am so angry I cannot begin to explain it .
Those buggers have passed a new regulation with penal consequences without bloody well publishing it in the Ontario Gazette .
They 're planning to publish it NEXT WEEK after it bloody well expires .
I am furious .
The whole theory behind the rule that " ignorance of the law is no excuse " is that the laws are out there , published , and you 're supposed to keep up with the ones that apply to you .
I 'm not even sure this regulation is constitutional .
But it 's currently in effect , and the police will be acting on it .
I 'm having some difficulty interpreting exactly what the new regulation means , so you may want to look at it yourself .
Here it is .
( This is the cached google html version but you can also download the file here .) The regulation says that the new rule applies to any " public works " ( as described in section 1 ( a ) of the Act ) within the following area :
And , in addition to this , the new regulation defines the following as public works : From : allyra Date : June 25th , 2010 02:36 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) Whoa , WTH !
How did our nutty governmental processes get up there to your much saner country ?!
Y'all better do something about that cross - border contamination ....
From : halfwitted Date : June 25th , 2010 02:46 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
May I share this link publically ?
From : mycrazyhair Date : June 25th , 2010 02:48 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) Absolutely .
I virtually always lock down my posts , but made this one public because I think it 's important to share this info far and wide .
From : halfwitted Date : June 25th , 2010 03:00 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) Twitter / booked .
From : much_ado Date : June 25th , 2010 03:24 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) I 've also signal - boosted via FB .
From : thornleaf Date : June 25th , 2010 02:48 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) I just saw on the news that this was passed on June 2 .
Bill Blair is actually claiming that it was all done publicly and according to procedure .
Except that , y'know , nobody heard about it until AFTER the first person was detained .
Ridiculous .
From : captrenault Date : June 25th , 2010 03:32 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Declaring downtown Toronto as a temporary ' Public Works ' is actually a fairly crafty move .
It wo n't stand the first court challenge , but that 's months away ...
I maintain , however , that if the aim of a measure is security , and public compliance with that security measure , then it only makes sense to have the public aware of those measures and the expectations made of them .
A secret law does not have as its aim compliance with that law , but something else instead .
From : captrenault Date : June 25th , 2010 03:51 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Not to mention that the cops had these tools available to them already under the ordinary Criminal Code , and if they really needed something more than that , they could have made a declaration under the federal Emergencies Act .
That 's what the damn thing is for .
Makes much more sense than abusing a law intended to bust graffiti artists tagging highway overpasses or kids messing with train track signals , but whatever .
Just another shiny new toy for the cops for the conference .
From : captrenault Date : June 25th , 2010 04:01 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) Actually -- ' court challenge ' ?
What the hell am I talking about ?
If they 're smart , they 'll drop all the charges made under the Public Works
Act after this weekend , so the legality of this move is never tested , and no - one will have egg on their face for trying it .
The more serious cases they can go forward with using the Crim Code , the pesky protest minnows will have been cleared out of the way for the duration , and the organizers ' aims will be satisfied anyway .
Heh .
From : thingo Date : June 25th , 2010 04:19 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
I assume that a determined person who got arrested could still file suit and challenge the legality of the process , even if the charges were dropped .
From : lightcastle Date : June 25th , 2010 05:22 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) Sounds about right .
( Although I agree with thingo ) From : ( Anonymous ) Date : June 25th , 2010 09:47 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
" The regulation also says that if someone has a dispute with an officer and it goes to court " the police officer 's statement under oath is considered conclusive evidence under the Act . " "
So much for fighting an arrest in court .
http://www.cbc.ca/canada/toronto/story/2010/06/25/g20-new-powers.html
From : captrenault Date : June 25th , 2010 10:18 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Oh , well , as long as it's fair ...
From : amazon_syren Date : June 25th , 2010 04:45 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Putting this on facebook .
Thank you !
From : littlehoudini Date : June 25th , 2010 05:59 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
One of the big issues I see with all the expense and security arrangements for this G20 summit is on Monday , when it 's all over and there have been no serious issues ( assuming there are no serious issues ) the police / security arrangers / powers that be will declare , " See ?
Good thing we did all that - we scared away / quashed any problems by our show or strength .
Money well spent , clearly worth the trouble .
From : poeticalpanther Date : June 25th , 2010 07:54 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Also known as the " North American Keeping The Elephants Away " dance .
From : littlehoudini Date : June 25th , 2010 08:28 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
http://community.livejournal.com/toronto/9036587.html
... but many people did not agree .
See , that 's pretty much exactly what I said here : ... but many people did not agree .
From : poeticalpanther Date : June 25th , 2010 08:41 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) = why I avoid such fora , or at most watch them , rather than joining or commenting . :/
Funny that we made the very same analogy , though .
I 've been saying much the same thing about the " Airport Security " ritual dance , too , especially since it went barefoot .
From : horsetraveller Date : June 25th , 2010 08:53 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) barefoot , ha ha
From : littlehoudini Date : June 25th , 2010 09:52 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
I agree about airport security theatre as well , but at least in that case generally people make a choice to fly ( eg , vacation ) and knowing the security hassle is part of the choice , as opposed to people who bought a condo in downtown T.O. years ago never dreaming their life would be interrupted this way .
And also , airport security is n't nearly this expensive ...
From : poeticalpanther Date : June 25th , 2010 10:04 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Generally agreed , save for the expensive part : given the expected utility in either case ( damn near zero ) , the denominator 's always going to look bad .
From : tamago23 Date : June 25th , 2010 06:24 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) Boosting as well .
This is serious WTF .
From : indigofire_net Date : June 25th , 2010 08:26 pm ( UTC ) ( Link )
Thank you very , very much for posting this .
I 'll be sharing it with friends and family - as much for their own good as the outrage !
From : frey a46 Date : June 26th , 2010 04:19 am ( UTC ) ( Link ) I know who their advisor is ...
GWB .
Sounds familiar .
From : canadapbear Date : June 26th , 2010 10:23 pm ( UTC ) ( Link ) hmmm makes me glad that I 'm not working Security at the event like I was suppossed to .
( Deleted comment )
At its meeting today , the Board decided to raise the cash rate by 25 basis points to 4.5 per cent , effective 5 May 2010 .
Recently , forecasts for world GDP growth have been revised up again , and growth is expected to be at trend pace or a little above in 2010 .
Conditions in Europe remain quite weak , though recent data suggest growth is becoming more established in North America .
In Asia , where financial sectors are not impaired , growth has continued to be strong , contributing to pressure on prices for raw materials .
The authorities in several countries outside the major industrial economies have now started to reduce the degree of stimulus to their economies .
Global financial markets are functioning much better than they were a year ago , but sovereign risk concerns have escalated significantly in Europe over recent weeks .
This has prompted additional efforts by policymakers to put fiscal policies onto a sounder footing and to provide support for Greece in the near term .
To date , there has been very little contagion outside Europe .
Australia 's terms of trade are rising by more than earlier expected , and this year will probably regain the peak seen in 2008 .
This will add to incomes and foster a build - up in investment in the resources sector .
Under these conditions , output growth over the year ahead is likely to exceed that seen last year , even though the effects of earlier expansionary policy measures will be diminishing .
The process of business sector deleveraging is moderating , with business credit stabilising and indications that lenders are starting to become more willing to lend to some borrowers , though credit conditions for some sectors remain difficult .
Credit outstanding for housing has been expanding at a solid pace .
New loan approvals for housing have moderated over recent months as interest rates have risen and the impact of large grants to first - home buyers has tailed off .
Nonetheless , at this point the market for established dwellings is still characterised by considerable buoyancy , with prices continuing to increase over recent months .
Recent data on inflation confirm that it has declined from its peak in 2008 , helped by a noticeable slowing in private - sector labour costs during 2009 , the rise in the exchange rate and the earlier period of slower growth in demand .
In both underlying and CPI terms , inflation over the most recent 12 months was around 3 per cent .
Nonetheless , the extent of decline from here may not be quite as much as earlier forecast and inflation now appears likely to be in the upper half of the target zone over the coming year .
With the risk of serious economic contraction in Australia having passed some time ago , the Board has been adjusting the cash rate towards levels that would be consistent with interest rates to borrowers being close to the average experience over the past decade or more .
The Board expects that , as a result of today 's decision , rates for most borrowers will be around average levels .
This represents a significant adjustment from the very expansionary settings reached a year ago .
The Board will continue to assess prospects for demand and inflation , and set monetary policy as needed to achieve an average inflation rate of 2 – 3 per cent over time .
Like vacationers taking a pit stop on a long road trip , zircon mineral grains from the northern Appalachians may have stopped off in Michigan before ending up on the Colorado Plateau , a new study suggests .
The finding , reported in the June Geology , is a major boost to the notion that a continent - spanning , Amazon - like river system once carried sediments west across North America .
A large proportion of the zircons found in Jurassic - era sandstones throughout a Texas - sized portion of the Colorado Plateau originated in the Appalachians ( SN : 8/30/03 , p. 131 ) , previous analyses have shown .
Those erosion - resistant mineral grains were carried westward by an immense river , deposited on floodplains and then stirred back up innumerable times before ending up in massive dune fields that later solidified into western sandstones , says William R. Dickinson , a geologist at the University of Arizona in Tucson .
The new find by Dickinson and his colleagues is the first to identify any of the Appalachian zircons ’ rest stops on their long journey west .
Rocks of the proper age are rare in the Midwest and the northern Great Plains , where the river presumably ran .
Those rocks either eroded away long ago or are covered by thick layers of soil and glacial debris scraped south from Canada during recent ice ages , says Dickinson .
The only easily accessible outcrops of such rocks in central North America are in central Michigan , where quarries reach deep enough to expose mid-Jurassic sandstone .
In their attempt to trace the transcontinental river system , the researchers took a 20 - kilogram hunk of Michigan sandstone from one of those quarries and then extracted and analyzed its zircons .
About 40 percent of zircons in the sample were between 905 million and 1.3 billion years old , and about 10 percent were between 285 and 510 million years old .
Most if not all of these zircons probably eroded from the northern Appalachians , the researchers suggest .
The overall age distribution of zircons from the Michigan sample is strikingly similar to those found in the sandstones of the Colorado Plateau , a hint that all of the zircons eroded from the same sources .
“ It ’s not as good as a barcode , but the match is really quite good , ” says Scott D. Samson , a geochemist at Syracuse University in New York who was not involved with the work .
The new study notes one prominent difference between the Michigan and Colorado Plateau sandstones :
While the western samples contain abundant zircons ranging between 510 and 725 million years old , zircons of that age range are completely missing from the Michigan sample .
Most likely , the researchers note , zircons of that age originated in the southern Appalachians , and tributaries draining that area would have fed into the large river that carried material west to the Colorado Plateau but not as far north as Michigan .
To garner more evidence for a Jurassic - era , continent - crossing river , researchers could scour ancient sandstones for other erosion - resistant minerals such as monazite , Samson says .
Bits of that mineral are rarer than zircons but have a distinct chemical signature that could help researchers pin down their origins , he notes .
Image : National Park Service
See Also :
The NASA Science article " Down the Lunar Rabbit - Hole " tells of the distinct possibility of giant caverns , caves , and tunnels under the Moon 's surface .
Giant holes on the lunar surface could lead to " entrances to a geologic wonderland . "
Go tell Alice we 'll be there eventually .
The NASA article appears at " Down the Lunar Rabbit - Hole " with Alice , the Mad Hatter , and the White Rabbit .
The U.S. Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter ( LRO ) and the Japanese Kaguya spacecraft are taking , and have taken , ( respectively ) many images of caverns hundreds of feet deep underneath the lunar surface .
See images of some of these holes and caverns on the before - mentioned July 12 , 2010 NASA Science article .
These caverns were first hypothesized back in the 1960s when the United States was exploring the Moon for its manned Apollo missions .
One such hole ' ” a pit within the Marius Hills on the Moon ' ” is described by NASA as ' big enough to fit the White House completely inside . ' Now that NASA has proven that these tunnels and caverns exist under the Moon , the U.S. space agency wants to explore them .
Dr. Mark Robinson , from Arizona State University and a LRO principal investigator , states , " They could be entrances to a geologic wonderland .
We believe the giant holes are skylights that formed when the ceilings of underground lava tubes collapsed .
" Page two continues with further comments .
Robinson adds , " It 's exciting that we 've now confirmed this idea .
The Kaguya and LROC [ Lunar Reconnaissance Orbiter Camera ] photos prove that these caverns are skylights to lava tubes , so we know such tunnels can exist intact at least in small segments after several billion years .
" Lava tubes are natural tunnels through which lava travels beneath the surface of a lava flow , after having been expelled by an erupting volcano .
On the Moon , these lava tubes are from extinct volcanoes in which lava flows have ceased to move .
What is left behind are possible caverns , caves , and tunnels , or lava tubes .
What is exciting to NASA scientists is the possibility of living inside such lava tubes .
Dr. Robinson explains ,
' The tunnels offer a perfect radiation shield and a very benign thermal environment .
Once you get down to 2 meters [ 6.5 feet ] under the surface of the Moon , the temperature remains fairly constant , probably around - 30 to - 40 degrees C [ or - 22 to - 40 degrees Fahrenheit ] .
" Although cold , it is considerably less cold than night - time temperatures on the Moon and much nicer than the extremely hot temperatures during the day .
Page three concludes .
A world waits out there for explorers looking for answers to unsolved questions first asked thousands of years ago .
What is on the Moon ?
And now :
What is underneath the Moon ?
We 'll never know unless we explore further , either with unmanned or manned missions , or a combination of the two .
The Lunar and Planetary Institute , an organization that works with NASA , offers insights on past and future missions to the Moon .
Check out ' Exploring the Moon .'
Production starts today ( Monday 12 July ) on the 2010 Doctor Who BBC One Christmas Special in which the thrilling adventures of the Eleventh Doctor ( Matt Smith ) and newlyweds Amy Pond ( Karen Gillan ) and Rory Williams ( Arthur Darvill ) will continue in a fun-filled and heartfelt festive story .
In the grand tradition of Doctor Who Christmas specials , this year the show has once again attracted stellar guest stars as veteran actor Michael Gambon ( Harry Potter , The Singing Detective ) and opera diva Katherine Jenkins , in her first acting role , join the Time Lord for what might be his most Christmassy adventure yet !
Arriving on set for her first day of filming , Katherine Jenkins said : " I 'm over the moon to be involved in the Doctor Who Christmas Special – I can't quite believe it as it's a part of the family tradition at the Jenkins household .
I heard the news that I got the role on my 30th birthday and it was the best birthday present ever ! "
About the series , lead writer and executive producer , Steven Moffat , commented : " Oh , we 're going for broke with this one .
It 's all your favourite Christmas movies at once , in an hour , with monsters and the Doctor and a honeymoon and – oh , you 'll see .
I 've honestly never been so excited about writing anything .
I was laughing madly as I typed along to Christmas songs in April .
My neighbours loved it so much they all moved away and set up a website demanding my execution .
But I 'm fairly sure they did it ironically . "
The Christmas special follows on from Matt Smith 's first series as The Doctor , which attracted huge critical acclaim for Smith , his companion , Gillan , and lead writer Moffat , from press and legions of fans alike .
Ben Stephenson , Controller , BBC Drama Commissioning , said : " Matt Smith and Karen Gillan captivated audiences in their debut series and Doctor Who 's clever twist on the much loved A Christmas Carol will thrill BBC
One viewers this year with special guest stars Sir Michael Gambon and singing sensation Katherine Jenkins joining Amy and the Doctor for an unforgettable present ! "
The series was co-commissioned by Ben Stephenson , Controller , BBC Drama Commissioning for BBC One , and Jay Hunt , Controller of BBC One .
Steven Moffat is lead writer and executive producer with Piers Wenger and Beth Willis also executive producing .
Filming on the Christmas special will continue until August 2010 .
KM3
Star Wars and Yoga do n’t have that much in common , unless maybe the mysticism that surrounds both the Jedi arts and the ancient meditative discipline , but that did n’t stop a fanboy from combining them in an awesome set of Star wars inspired Yoga positions .
While contemplating names of various Yoga poses , young Matthew Latkiewicz , a big Star Wars fan from the UK , decided to come up with some ingenious poses of his own , inspired by his favorite sci- fi franchise .
Before long he came up with some geeky Star Wars Yoga poses that he then sent to Wired UK magazine , who actually published them .
His awesome Star Wars Yoga poses draw inspiration from the original Star Wars trilogy , but Matthew is considering developing a new series of poses based on the more recent prequels .
He says it would be known as ‘ The Disappointed Fanboy ’ .
Very inspired name , I must say .
Ambient sounds for your productivity
Relaxing sounds of the forest from Forestmood.com
Adjust volume slider to play
Chill out to the sound of the forest
Rainy mood
Cafe mood
Productivity Apps
# 2931 juanhernandez
17.Jul.2010 | 22:21 este jugador recientemente fichado por el barsa triunfara en el barsa muxo mas que como triunfaba en el sevilla
# 2932 jdr106
18.Jul.2010 | 00:16 vendiendo cada año a los buenos jugadoresse puede hacer un equipo grande -¿Sr. del Nido ?. , , eramos la sucursal del R. Madrid y ahora del Barcelona .
# 2933 sinbarreras
18.Jul.2010 | 00:42
Menos fichajes frikis y mas usar a los que estan limpiando el banquillo con la lengua .. que pasa con BOJAN KRKIC ????
no se acuerda de el o keee ????????????
si el barça va a ganar la liga igualmente , el madrid no tiene nada que hacer si estamos nosotros , ni nueva etapa mou ni nada .. pk llevan diciendo lo de la nueva etapa años ya ... y no hay manera jajajaja
# 2934 vetustillo16
18.Jul.2010 | 01:49 # 2933
Menos fichajes frikis y mas usar a los que estan limpiando el banquillo con la lengua .. que pasa con BOJAN KRKIC ????
no se acuerda de el o keee ????????????
si el barça va a ganar la liga igualmente , el madrid no tiene nada que hacer si estamos nosotros , ni nueva etapa mou ni nada .. pk llevan diciendo lo de la nueva etapa años ya ... y no hay manera jajajaja jajajaja eres gracioso chaval !
me pregunto de donde te han sacado x ) ni con los videos del APM me rio tanto que contigo !
bojan krkic ?
solo gusta a quinceañeras hormonales que babean con todo famoso viviente ... el madrid va a ganar algun titulo este año , quieras o no .
seguro que eres un pobre chavalin que no ha visto futbol en su vida ... es evidente , este año es el año del madrid y del tito mou .
y si no , al tiempo ...
# 2935 sinbarreras
18.Jul.2010 | 02:03 APM ??? k son las siglas de ALGUN PATETICO MADRIDISTA ?
t hago gracia tio ?
pues yo kreo k no saeees ???
y
Bojan es un fantastico jugador , pero Pep no l ha dado las oporunidades suficentes para demostrarlo y poder mejorar .. pero se demostrará con el tiempo ..
y de quinceañeras con las hormonas revolucionadas no , que probablemtne sea mas mayor k tu .. por tu nik de 16 mas k nada lo digo ... bien.. tiempo al tiempo de kien es el año , y futbol si he visto xaval .. mas k tu ! dedicate al basket anda .
k es lo tuyo !
# 2936 vetustillo16
18.Jul.2010 | 02:29 # 2935 APM ??? k son las siglas de ALGUN PATETICO MADRIDISTA ?
t hago gracia tio ?
pues yo kreo k no saeees ???
y
Bojan es un fantastico jugador , pero Pep no l ha dado las oporunidades suficentes para demostrarlo y poder mejorar .. pero se demostrará con el tiempo ..
y de quinceañeras con las hormonas revolucionadas no , que probablemtne sea mas mayor k tu .. por tu nik de 16 mas k nada lo digo ... bien.. tiempo al tiempo de kien es el año , y futbol si he visto xaval .. mas k tu ! dedicate al basket anda .
k es lo tuyo !
a parte de que lo d las siglas ha sido ... muy malo , creo que si me haces gracia saes ?
tu opinion sobre bojan es respetable ( erronea , pero respetable ) me hace gracia lo mal q escribes , como si estuvieras hiperactivo ( mas mayor ? ? ) y tus chistes malos ... mi nik de 16 no es por los años que tengo ( soy mucho mayor ) si no porque un dia 16 empezo la mejor etapa de mi vida , que seguro que he disfrutado y disfruto MAS que tu la mejor etapa de tu vida .
y si tu dices de mi nik ... has visto el tuyo ?
deberias haber puesto sincerebro o sinhermanos ... dedicate a babear , que es lo tuyo !
# 2937 tramusito
18.Jul.2010 | 06:56 2935 - 2936 esto es para opinar de la noticia de l fichaje de adriano y punto no para que os pongais a parir .
adriano es un muy buen refuerzo y polivalente visca el barÇa !!!
hemos sido la base de la " roja " y españa a ganado el mundial y jugando de p.... madre .
ese es el juego del barça amigos , no creo que pueda pararlo ni el tio traductor ni nadie pq nosotros somos un equipo , el MEJOR EQUIPO y el r.madrid son un puñado de estrellas jugando a su aire sin orden ni concierto .
Lidice Navas in Caracas , Venezuela , June 18 , 2010 .
Lidice Navas interviewed by Susan Spronk and Jeffery R. Webber
June 30 , 2010 -- The Bullet -- A long - time revolutionary activist , Lidice Navas is an important socialist - feminist leader within the United Socialist Party of Venezuela ( PSUV ) and a candidate for the Latin American parliament , among her many other responsibilities .
We met her at the Women ’s Development Bank in Caracas on June 18 , 2010 , to talk about her vision of socialism , the accomplishments of the Bolivarian process so far , and what remains to be done .
What is your political history ?
I am a candidate for the PSUV in Caracas .
I am also a member of the Political Bureau of the Region of Caracas and a candidate for the Latin American parliament .
I also have some responsibilities in the Women 's Development Bank ( Banco de Desarrollo de la Mujer , BanMujer ) and am also active as a coordinator in the parroquia [ parish ]
El Valle , where we are trying to construct socialism from the level of the community .
I have been a revolutionary activist for a long time .
In the 1960s , I was a militant of the revolutionary movement in Venezuela .
I was militant and founder of the Bandera Roja guerrilla movement in 1976 , and when that divided I joined the Bandera Roja Marxista - Leninista .
I was active in that organisation until it , too , disappeared .
These were difficult years .
I was imprisoned many times and subject to political persecution .
In the 1980s , for example , I was part of a simulated execution .
I sought exile in El Salvador , where I went with my husband , and we were militants with the FMLN revolutionary guerrilla movement .
I lost both my husband and my eldest son in that struggle .
I was part of the Truth Commission in El Salvador in 1992 , and trained human rights workers until my return to Venezuela in 1995 .
It was a new phase in the struggle when I returned .
I first met Hugo [ Chávez ] in 1994 and worked on his electoral campaign in 1998 .
What are the main objectives of the Women ’s Development Bank ?
BanMujer aims to fundamentally transform the lives of women , particularly women who do not have access to economic resources .
One does not achieve this transformation only by giving credit .
It requires social and productive processes as well as political formation and organisation .
Access to credit may be what initially attracts women to participate in the programs , but our aim is to build collective organisations that help women transform their lives so that they become self - governing protagonists .
The promoters from BanMujer help to accompany and facilitate this political process .
Since its founding , BanMujer has helped more than 400,000 women transform their lives .
These women have formed cooperatives , production brigades , and organisations of the social economy , which are important in the transition toward a socialist economy .
BanMujer has acted as a catalyst in this larger process .
What have been the challenges and the accomplishments for women in the Bolivarian process ?
The biggest challenge has been to break the historical relationships of dependency , discrimination and exclusion .
I am referring particularly to problems created by poverty .
Previously poor people did not have access to credit from private banks .
This has been one of our great accomplishments , which has inspired women to create new forms of production based upon what they already know , non-capitalist production that advance us toward a new form of economy , the socialist or solidarity economy .
For the first three years we granted credit to individuals .
But now based upon what we have learned , we are emphasising the importance of organisation .
This also implies that we form new relationships with the bosses .
We have created the Red Popular de Usuarias de BanMujer ( the Popular Network of Users of BanMujer ) in which women help each other to build their self - confidence to form new kinds of societies .
At BanMujer , we do not discriminate against women for their age or because they do not know how to read and write .
It does n't matter if a woman is in her fifties , she can still be a productive member of society .
Women who have participated in the network have also gone on to participate in all of the missions and programs that are offered .
Many women are learning to read and write , and to even study at university .
I am also in charge of participatory research projects in BanMujer which aim to evaluate the impact of our programs .
We do this on the basis of a diálogo de saberes ( exchange of knowledge ) which evaluates the strengths and the weaknesses of our financial programs and other programs .
In this moment one of my main challenges is to strengthen the cooperatives .
The process of trying to transform cooperatives into organisations of the solidarity economy involves a steep learning curve for the participants .
What are the tensions that emerge when trying to articulate the forces from above and the forces from below ?
We cannot forget that we are working in a context marked by more than 500 years of colonialism , where the majority of people have been excluded .
Colonialism broke the traditions of solidarity that were present in Indigenous communities before the Spanish coloniaers arrived .
It also broke the harmonious relationship between humans and nature and among humans themselves , and imposed a new culture based upon exclusion , with exploiters and the exploited .
In these feudal - like conditions , capitalism was born .
And of course , this history weighs heavily on the present and makes it difficult to break with this system to advance in the construction of socialism .
It weighs heavily on all aspects of life .
There are still people in the party [ the PSUV ] who ask themselves , what does it mean to behave like a socialist ?
What is my vision of socialism ?
This debate permeates all of our actions at the level of the institutions and the relationships with the community .
It also affects the communities , something which is reflected in the difficulty we have in rupturing with the old politics of representation .
It is one thing to be a spokesperson and another to be a representative .
How should I act within my community when we are discussing a proposal , as an individual who states my opinion or should I go along with the collective , majority decision ?
It is very complicated .
In the relations of production within the women ’s cooperatives , for example , there is no boss so the women have to learn how to divide the work .
Their situation is distinct from workers in a capitalist enterprise where there is a boss who tells everyone what to do .
The women themselves have to decide how to use resources and share the profits .
This can be a shock .
In other areas as well , we want a rupture in order to advance in the deepening of popular power .
In order to change the behaviour of the parliamentarians , which laws to propose and discuss , which laws we need .
We need to have a transformation in this area as well to keep pushing forward the project to empower the community councils .
These councils should assume the initiative ; it should come from the people .
The people should be the legislators and the deputies become the spokespeople who are accompanying the people .
When we advance in this process we also advance in the weakening of the bourgeois constitution .
Right now we have a bourgeois parliament that makes evident the separation between the legislators and the people ; there are those who make the laws and others execute these laws , separation between those who think and those who do .
This is a big contradiction .
There are many [ in the parliament ] who resist this transformation .
On the other hand , the people are not quite sure yet what it means to be a legislator .
This is a process that we have to develop .
There are contradictions between the individual and the collective , the state of being and the state of having .
In capitalism it is all about tener ( to have ) ; it is what you have that makes you important .
In socialism it is all about ser ( to be ) ; it is because of what you do that makes you important .
This problem of “ to have ” is something which also causes corruption , because the impulse is still to accumulate , to have more than the other , to have more privileges , more space .
We also have to make a distinction between personal property and the means of production .
The right wing likes to say that Chávez is going to steal peoples ’ houses , their cars , their little businesses .
We are only talking about moving against the private property over the means of production .
The claims being made by the right wing are ridiculous .
If the government is creating all of these social programs to make it possible for you to have your house , your car , why would it take them away ?
I return to the example of the cooperatives .
The idea is to collectivise the means of production where the relationships of production are based on cooperation and solidarity rather than exploitation .
We know that it is going to take a long time to overcome these contradictions .
It is a long process , but it is also a very rich process .
It is based not only in the vision of Simón Bolívar , but Simón Rodríguez ( the teacher of Simón Bolívar ) , and ideas from the Indigenous communities , which gives the socialism that we are constructing in Venezuela its particularities .
Can you elaborate a bit more on your vision of socialism , and what is left to be done in order to achieve it ?
There is so much yet to be done .
First , we have to strengthen popular power .
Only the people can lead the people .
We need a public that is organised and prepared .
Socialism cannot be based upon exclusion .
Everyone needs to be included in all of the plans .
Everyone needs to be included as a productive subject , to be capable of improving their quality of life .
You ca n’t have socialism if there is hunger .
You can't have socialism without health .
You can't have socialism without workers , but the form of work has to be transformative and advance the human being .
Second , you can't have socialism without democracy , a democracy in which the people are the protagonists .
This implies the participation of the people with everyone organised .
We can't solve our problems as individuals .
Solutions have to be for all .
Since the problems are infinite and the resources are finite , solutions have to be found by coordinating the actions of the state and the community .
Last , socialism requires equality of gender .
The president shares this vision , as do many comrades in the party .
The statutes of the PSUV , which we just approved in April 2010 , establish that the party is socialist and feminist .
[ This article first appeared at The Bullet , the website of Canada 's Socialist Project .
Susan Spronk teaches in the School of International Development and Global Studies at the University of Ottawa .
She is a research associate with Municipal Services Project and has published several articles on class formation and water politics in Bolivia .
Jeffery R. Webber teaches politics at the University of Regina .
He is the author of Red October : Left - Indigenous Struggles in Modern Bolivia ( Brill , 2010 ) and Rebellion to Reform in Bolivia : Class Struggle , Indigenous Liberation and the Politics of Evo Morales ( Haymarket , 2011 ) . ]
Current police numbers are not " sustainable " in the face of budget cuts , a senior officer has warned .
President of the Association of Chief Police Officers Sir Hugh Orde told a conference it was " misleading in the extreme " to claim otherwise .
He urged ministers to make structural reforms and not " salami slice " forces .
Home Secretary Theresa
May told chiefs that cuts would be " big and tough to achieve " but minimum standards and targets would be scrapped immediately .
She said the Policing Pledge , introduced by Labour , created added bureaucracy and that she would be " ruthless in cutting out waste , streamlining structures and improving efficiency " .
" We 're not talking about a spending freeze or a reduction of 1 % or 2 % , " she added .
Theresa May and Sir Hugh addressed senior officers from England , Wales and Northern Ireland at Acpo's annual conference in Manchester on Tuesday .
The BBC's home affairs correspondent Danny Shaw said ministers had so far skirted around the question of whether budget cuts would hit police numbers .
But he said Sir Hugh was now addressing the issue and seemed to be saying that they would .
ANALYSIS
There could be no clearer sign of budget - tightening at the Home Office than the sight of its most senior civil servant , Permanent Secretary Sir David Normington , travelling standard class to the Acpo conference with Policing Minister Nick Herbert .
But cheaper train fares wo n't come near to achieving the savings required .
Staffing cuts , as forces leave vacancies unfilled , and a two - year pay freeze starting from 2011 are beginning to look inevitable .
Compelling constabularies to reduce costs through merger is politically undeliverable , but a few forces - Bedfordshire and Hertfordshire possibly the first - may volunteer .
Ministers insist savings can be found from national procurement of equipment , kit and vehicles , by reducing bureaucracy through fewer targets and simpler processes , and by trimming central agencies .
A pay , conditions and pensions review is also under way , signalling huge upheaval for the police service in the years ahead .
Read Mark Easton 's blog
Send us your comments
Sir Hugh told the BBC that the " rub " came with the numbers .
" With 83 % of the police budget being people , sadly we will lose people in my prediction over the next few years , " he said .
But Sir Hugh warned against " alarmist " predictions .
" Some services will have to be reduced - I think I am very clear on that .
Our role is to make sure they are the less critical ones , the nice - to - do things rather than the essential - to - do things , " he said .
Reducing bureaucracy , more collaboration and driving up efficiencies would be a good starting point , he said .
Sir Hugh said a balance must be struck between the " understandable demand " for more officers on the streets and the " less visible , but equally critical " duties they perform .
The Acpo president said that chief constables face " hard choices " over where to make savings and the government must take the lead .
" I am confident that colleagues will work tirelessly to achieve savings by collaborating , but remain of the view that there is more potential if this is centrally led in a more strategic way , " he said .
Forces might look to merge units and back - office functions , or share expensive equipment , but he warned police force mergers were unpopular with voters who fear losing their " local " police .
Policing minister Nick Herbert told the BBC " extensive cuts " to the police budget were inevitable but front - line posts should be protected .
He said central procurement , collaboration between forces and getting civilians to take over paperwork duties would help drive down costs .
" In the back office , it may well make sense , as some forces have done , to give those tasks to civilians and in that way , get sworn officers out on the streets , " he said .
Dale Bassett , of think tank Reform , agreed civilians might be " better suited " and " cheaper " for some roles .
" It 's really important that chief constables start to get out of this mindset that uniformed officers are the only way to go , " he told BBC Radio Five Live .
Speaking after Sir Hugh , the home secretary announced plans to cut police bureaucracy by scrapping Labour 's 10 - point policing pledge , which includes commitments to respond quickly to calls and keep victims informed about their case .
Sir Hugh asked the government to give more detail on how plans to introduce locally elected police commissioners will work .
" There are many mixed views on whether some form of locally elected element adds value or not , " he said .
" My position remains the same - the test is reconciling it with operational independence for policing .
" Squaring that circle is a matter for government , but in this world of hard choices , we have an absolute right to clarity on how this system will work . "
Last week , Metropolitan Police Commissioner Sir Paul Stephenson said his force would " shrink " as a result of budget cuts .
Thousands will line up until midnight tonight to get an iPhone 4 but one Australian skipped the queue completely and picked two up at 11 am today .
Now , the store is begging him to give them back .
Arselle Torres , 25 , from Campbelltown , was calling around his local stores to find out their opening times for tomorrow , so he could line up to buy an iPhone 4 .
But much to his surprise , the Allphones store in Campbelltown said it could sell him one immediately , so he rushed over at 11 am and picked up two .
The World from Berlin Will Obama Be the ' Jimmy Carter of the 21st Century ' ?
Can US President Barack Obama lead America away from fossil fuel dependency ?
German commentators do n't think so .
Some say he is in danger of turning into an idealistic , one - term president like Jimmy Carter .
Joseph Gagnon recommends a three - pronged attack by the Fed :
First , the Fed should lower the interest rate it pays on bank reserves to zero… .
Three - month Treasury bills currently yield 0.15 percent , and that rate , too , should be brought down to zero .
Second , the Fed should bring down the rates on longer - term Treasury securities by targeting the interest rate on 3 - year Treasury notes at 0.25 percent and aggressively purchasing such securities whenever their yield exceeds the target .
That is a 65 - basis point reduction from the current rate of 0.90 percent … .
Finally , the Fed could bolster the stimulative effects of these actions by establishing a full - allotment lending facility to enable banks to borrow ( with high - quality collateral ) at terms of up to 24 months at a fixed interest rate of 0.25 percent .
In response to this suggestion , Krugman writes :
We do n’t know how well the Gagnon plan would actually work — but there ’s no harm in trying , and large potential benefits .
The only possible reason for the Fed not to be more aggressive now is fear of embarrassment , of not getting big results .
And now we really see Krugman ’s cockiness , with the parts I ’ve put in bold .
I can understand if you ’re using a Keynesian model , and you think that all things considered , in the real world it would be a good idea for the Fed to get more aggressive .
But to say that Gagnon ’s quite specific recommendations have no possible downside ?!
Krugman really can’t see even a theoretical drawback to the Fed setting up a new lending facility ?
In case you think I ’m being a hypocrite , consider something on my side of the fence .
In Carlos and my new book ( which will be available for purchase and free download very soon–we ’re just working out the kinks ) , we have a section talking about how the Fed and Treasury could link the dollar back to gold .
Now I will be the first to admit that the specific plan we outline , could blow up in our faces .
We think it would be better than the status quo , but it ’s possible if we implemented the plan , that something could go wrong .
There ’s always problems like that , when you try to tinker with the regulatory apparatus .
Scientists can now use optical tweezers , optical traps , and optical levitation to conduct delicate experiments .
Optical .
Advertisement
The problem with modern biological science is that it deals with things that are unreasonably small .
Gone are the days when being a biologist meant having a brush to cross-pollinate peas with , or a sketchbook to doodle pictures of iguanas in , or just a really good poking stick . *
Sadly , the only thing that scientists learn when they poke things with sticks it that A. ) some things go ‘ squish ' when they 're B. ) poked with sticks .
There are only so many papers to be squeezed out of this .
Advertisement
That 's where optical manipulation comes in .
Using directed beams of light , scientists are able to trap , grip , and levitate small materials .
We 've featured articles on sonic levitation , but sound waves are caused and propagated by the physical manipulation of particles of matter .
Sonic levitation was matter moving other matter .
Optical manipulation is light moving matter .
Photons have n't even been detected as having mass .
However , they do have momentum .
Momentum has to be conserved .
When light hits matter it moves off in a slightly different direction .
In order for momentum to be conserved , the matter that pushed the light in one direction gets a little kick in the other direction .
Yes , You Can Levitate Objects With Sound Acoustic levitation is some day going to be used to brush the dust off machinery on Mars .
Learn why Read more
To manipulate matter the trick it to make sure that the matter is surrounded , on all sides , by light which will be deflected away from the center of the beam .
If the matter moves slightly to one side of the beam , the light will get kicked outwards and will push the matter back to the center .
Light does n't just hold matter in place , it can also move it .
Since the beam is deflected whether the matter moves closer to the edge of the light or the edge of the light moves closer to the matter , moving the light can gently , and precisely , move matter around .
Optical tweezers can manipulate organelles in a cell .
They can be used to experiment on live bacteria , if they 're in the infrared spectrum , since visible light will kill the bacteria .
They can even be used in the physical sciences , which have also gotten distressingly small - oriented .
Quantum mechanics is tough to observe because it is difficult to isolate particles from their environment enough for quantum behavior to be observable .
Using light to isolate a small particle can allow scientists to cool that particle enough to get a look at some quantum weirdness .
Advertisement
It 's unlikely that something big is going to be held in place by light alone .
In order for the optical tweezers , traps and levitation to work , the object does have to be so small that the deflection of photons has a noticeable effect on it , so light - lassos are n't going on the market .
No matter how cool they would look .
* In the old days , a good poke with a suitable stick would tell biologists things like ‘ chimpanzees bite the hell out of anything that pokes them with sticks , ' which in turn taught us important things about our own nature .
Research like this is the primary reason why walking sticks fell out of favor and men started presenting the women they liked with only the kind of sticks that had flowers on the end of them – one of the major reasons for the population boom in the late forties and early fifties .
Advertisement
[ Via Physics.org , Stanford and The Scientist . ]
A cocktail of chemicals from pesticides could be damaging the brains of British bees , according to scientists about to embark on a study into why the populations of the insects have dropped so rapidly in recent decades .
By affecting the way bees ' brains work , the pesticides might be affecting the ability of bees to find food or communicate with others in their colonies .
Neuroscientists at Dundee University , Royal Holloway and University College London will investigate the hypothesis as part of a £ 10 m research programme launched today aimed at finding ways to stop the decline in the numbers of bees and other insect pollinators in the UK .
Insects such as bees , moths and hoverflies pollinate around a third of the agricultural crops grown around the world .
If all of the UK 's insect pollinators were wiped out , the drop in crop production would cost the UK economy up to £ 440 m a year , equivalent to around 13 % of the UK 's income from farming .
Pollinators are also crucial for the quality of fruits and vegetables .
Perfectly shaped strawberries , for example , are created only if every single ovary has been pollinated by an insect .
And the number of seeds in a pumpkin depends on the number of species of insects that have pollinated the plants .
" If you 've got 10 pollinators , you 'll get more seeds in the pumpkin than you would have got if you 've just got one pollinator , " said Giles Budge of the Food and Environment Research Agency .
" It is important to have that diversity in a pollinating population . "
According to the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology , three of the 25 British species of bumblebees are already extinct and half of the remainder have shown serious declines , often up to 70 % , since around the 1970s .
In addition , around 75 % of all butterfly species in the UK have been shown to be in decline .
The new £ 10 m Insect Pollinators Initiative ( IPI ) , the largest programme to date of its kind , will look at the multiple reasons thought to be behind this devastation in insect population .
Chris Connolly of Dundee University 's Centre for Neuroscience has been awarded £ 1.5 m to lead the work on whether pesticides are having an affect on the brains of bees .
Pesticides could be blocking the electrical and chemical signals between neurons , he said , and only subtle changes may be required to produce serious brain disorders .
These problems might stop bees identifying the best sources of nectar , or it might affect their ability to navigate to nearby food source and back home again .
Brain disorders in bees might also interfere with their ability to communicate with nest - mates using the " waggle dance " , where bees come back to their hive and spread information about the food sources they have found .
The IPI will bring together ecologists , molecular biologists , mathematicians and computer experts to study the decline of honeybees and other insect pollinators from a range of different angles .
" The landscape has changed considerably over the last 30 - 40 years , we 've seen well - documented changes in our birds , our flora and also in some of our insects but now there 's a growing concern that our insect pollinators are also in decline , whether that 's in terms of the number of honeybees , number of bumblebee species , butterflies and hoverflies , " said Andrew Watkinson , director of the Living with Environmental Change programme , which is part of the IPI .
Jane Memmott of the University of Bristol has been awarded a £ 1.2 m grant to identify the hotspots of insect biodiversity in Bristol , Reading , Leeds and Edinburgh .
" We 're divvying the cities up not just into gardens – we 'll look at bits of wasteland , industrial estates , shopping malls – to ask where there are the little oases for plant pollinators .
We 'll ask what we can do in cities to make them more pollinator - friendly ? "
Claire Carvell of the Centre for Ecology and Hydrology will use her £ 500,000 award to analyse DNA from live wild bees to track how far and wide queen bees fly to start new nests and how far worker bees fly to look for food .
" Bumblebees live in colonies of a few hundred workers and a queen .
If we want to conserve their populations , we need to think about the number of nests and not just the number of individual bees .
But we 're faced with a challenge – it's almost impossible to find bumblebee nests in the wild . "
The IPI has been funded by the Natural and Environmental Research Council ( Nerc ) , the UK government 's department for environment , the Biotechnology and Biological Sciences Research Council , the Scottish Government and the Wellcome Trust .
Alan Thorpe , chief executive of Nerc , said : " We can take for granted the variety of vegetables , fruits and flowers that we can enjoy every day but some of the insect pollinators on which they rely are in serious decline .
Understanding the complexities of environmental ecosystems is a priority that will help to ensure the survival of pollinators and the benefits they provide . "
Protons , among the building blocks of atoms , are even smaller than we thought — and the unexpected discovery may alter some of the most trusted laws of physics .
All atoms are made up of nuclei orbited by electrons .
The nuclei , in turn , are made of neutrons and protons , which are themselves made of particles called quarks .
( Related : " ' God Particle ' May Be Five Distinct Particles , New Evidence Shows . " )
For years the accepted value for the radius of a proton has been 0.8768 femtometers , where a femtometer equals one quadrillionth of a meter .
The size of a proton is an essential value in equations that make up the 60 - year - old theory of quantum electrodynamics , a cornerstone of the Standard Model of particle physics .
The Standard Model describes how all forces , except gravity , affect subatomic particles .
( See " Einstein 's Gravity Confirmed on a Cosmic Scale . " )
But the proton 's current value is accurate only by plus or minus one percent — which is n't accurate enough for quantum electrodynamics , or QED , theory to work perfectly .
So physicists have been searching for ways to refine the number .
Smaller Proton Size Revealed by Lasers
In a ten - year experiment , a team led by Randolf Pohl of the Max - Planck Institute of Quantum Optics in Garching , Germany , used a specialized particle accelerator to alter hydrogen atoms , which are each made of a single proton orbited by an electron .
For each hydrogen atom , the team replaced the atom 's electron with a particle called a muon , which is 200 times more massive than an electron .
" Because the muon is so much heavier , it orbits very close to the proton , so it is sensitive to the proton 's size , " said team member Aldo Antognini , of the Paul - Scherrer Institute in Switzerland .
Muons are unstable , and they decay into other particles in just 2.2 microseconds .
The team knew that firing a laser at the atom before the muon decays should excite the muon , causing it to move to a higher energy level — a higher orbit around the proton .
The muon should then release the extra energy as x-rays and move to a lower energy level .
The distance between these energy levels is determined by the size of the proton , which in turn dictates the frequency of the emitted x-rays .
But based on the accepted proton radius , the experiment failed to produce x-rays at the anticipated frequency .
In the summer of 2009 the team decided to widen their search to include other possible proton sizes .
To their astonishment , the scientists detected x-rays at an assumed proton radius of 0.8418 femtometers — 4 percent smaller than expected .
" We were totally surprised and do n't have any explanation for it currently , " Antognini said .
Smaller Proton a " Significant Shake - up "
The proton finding wo n't impact most people 's daily lives .
But if it proves correct , it means something fundamental is wrong in particle physics .
It 's possible the smaller proton means the Rydberg constant has n't been correctly measured .
This value describes the way light gets emitted from various elements — a key component of spectroscopy , which is used , for instance , to tell which kinds of elements exist in galaxies and the vast interstellar gas - and - dust clouds called nebulae .
Or , if the Rydberg constant is correct , the smaller size of a proton could mean the equations in QED theory will fail to work .
" It is a significant shakeup and could mean a complete rethink of QED , potentially opening the door to a new theory , " said Jeff Flowers , a scientist with the National Physical Laboratory in the U.K. , who was n’t involved with the experiment .
Over the coming weeks physicists all over the world will be scrutinizing the experimental setup and complex calculations , making sure that there are no mistakes .
Assuming no errors are found , the scientists may have to get to work rebuilding the Standard Model .
Emily Lakdawalla -- scientist , blogger , and all around cool chick -- has just posted a totally awesome scale diagram comparing every asteroid and comet visited by spacecraft .
It features pictures of all the rocks , each of which she has carefully resized so you can see just how big they are relative to each other :
Whoa .
Look how big Lutetia , just visited by Rosetta , is compared to everything else !
And yet , at 130 km across , it 's a dot compared to our Moon .
In fact , you could smash together all the known asteroids in the main belt between Mars and Jupiter and they'd be far smaller than our rocky satellite .
Still , small does n't mean " uninteresting " .
These rocks in Emily 's diagram are all fascinating beasts , and the more we learn about them the more compelling they become .
And there 's more to come , with the Dawn mission about to see the big asteroids Vesta and Ceres up close ... and go read Emily 's blog about this to see how they'd fit on the diagram ( hint , they do n't , and by a long shot ) .
You 'll also find a much larger version of the diagram there , and you really , really should look at it .
Wow .
The tremor was ten times more powerful than the tremor which occurred in Co Donegal earlier this year , according to Thomas Blake of the School of Cosmic Physics at the Dublin Institute for Advanced Studies .
Mr Blake , a seismologist , confirmed that the tremor measured 2.6 on the Richter scale .
It was felt over a wide area of north Clare with residents from the Burren villages of Kilfenora , Doolin and Lisdoonvarna , and of the coastal resort of Lahinch , reporting the tremor at 11.30 pm on Thursday night .
“ We would regard this event as very important as it is the first time that a tremor has occurred in the west of Ireland since records began , ” Mr Blake said .
He pointed out that recording of tremors commenced in 1978 and “ there is no record in any historical archive of a tremor or earthquake before that in the west of Ireland ” .
Meteorological stations in Dublin and Valentia in Co Kerry picked up the vibrations .
“ This event forces us to re-evaluate the west of Ireland ’s geology as tremors in the past have only been felt in Co Donegal and the south - east coast , ” he said .
According to Mr Blake , north Clare residents “ reported a noise sounding like a clap of thunder ; a booming sound and a strong vibration in the ground ” .
Liscannor woman Rosemarie Buckley said that “ the house shook and we heard a loud bang ” .
Her husband , Tom , said : “ We thought it might have been a meteorite or something . ”
Another Liscannor resident , Martin Doyle said : “ I felt the whole roof shake .
I thought the wall was collapsing .
My neighbour called and he thought that the sound he heard was me falling down the stairs . ”
Lahinch resident and Manager of the Cliffs of Moher Visitor Centre , Katherine Webster said yesterday that she “ felt a loud bang in the house last night .
I did n’t know what it was .
I thought it might have been a neighbour moving furniture ” .
A spokesman at Ennistymon Garda Station said gardaí had received no reports of damage .
“ We received a number of phone calls at the time from people reporting a loud bang , ” he said .
Mr Blake said that Thursday night ’s event would have occurred from depths of 20 km to 25 km under the Earth ’s surface .
New York 's first major Fourth of July fireworks - related casualty : A man on Long Island yesterday blew his arm off using a mortar tube .
His friends packed the limb into a cooler with ice , and doctors are trying to reattach it .
Until she graduated from high school , Sonia Camilise never had reason to question her nationality .
She was born here in the Dominican Republic and grew up speaking Spanish , dancing merengue , and watching the boys play baseball in the grassy lot outside her family 's small house .
" I am Dominican , " she says .
" Of course . "
But two years ago , when she went to get a certified copy of her birth certificate – a necessary part of the college application process here – she discovered that her government had a different perspective .
The civil registry officers told her that she was not Dominican , but Haitian .
Their reasoning : Ms. Camilise did not have the papers to show that her father , a Haitian immigrant , had legal residency here when she was born .
It was a shock , she says .
In the Dominican Republic , citizens need new copies of their birth certificates for everything from enrolling in university to getting a visa to acquiring a marriage certificate .
Now her government was essentially rejecting her – part of a new policy that Dominican officials say is necessary to combat illegal immigration .
But Haiti does n't accept Camilise , either .
Yes , she arguably looks Haitian , with her dark skin ; and yes , she lives in a batey , a neighborhood built for Haitian sugar cane workers – such as her maternal grandfather – who migrated across the island of Hispaniola in the 1950s and '60s .
Yet Camilise has never been to Haiti .
She has a Dominican birth certificate and national ID , and even her mother was born in the Dominican Republic .
She does n't speak Creole or French , the languages of Haiti .
According to Haitian officials , whose laws say that people who have chosen other nationalities cannot be Haitian , Camilise is obviously Dominican .
And so , she is stuck .
She 's unable to go to university or land a job legally , unable to even get a passport that would let her leave the country and try somewhere else .
She is , in the lingo of human rights activists and international organizations , " stateless . "
• • •
Although the details differ from case to case , Camilise is far from alone in her predicament .
The United Nations estimates that nearly 12 million people around the world are stateless .
Statelessness has nudged in alongside better - known issues such as access to clean water , refugee rights , and education as a top priority on the global humanitarian agenda of the United Nations , governments , and advocacy groups .
International advocacy groups have different motives for the new focus on a problem first identified in the aftermath of World War II .
Some , including the Soros Foundation 's Open Society Institute , became conscious of the issue after the Sept. 11 attacks , when they started looking at how noncitizens were affected by the so - called war on terror .
Other organizations began focusing on statelessness as part of a broader intellectual trend of exploring the powers and limits of the nation - state – the same trend that has led to international criminal courts .
And although many of those involved with statelessness say that a half century after the problem was identified as a global predicament it is still widely ignored and misunderstood , they also say that they see attention beginning to snowball .
" People who are stateless really have no life , " says Maureen Lynch , the senior advocate for statelessness initiatives at Refugees International , an organization at the forefront of raising awareness about the problem .
" To be a stateless person – it's like you are standing still and the world moves on around you ....
It leads to a variety of human insecurity – for individuals , for communities , for society . "
The stateless live in all parts of the globe , from Europe to Southeast Asia to the Caribbean – and even in the United States .
And while the historical facts of stateless groups vary , the growing human rights movement is sounding the alarm over what advocates see as the universal impact of the condition : impoverishment , conflict , lack of education , poor health care , and other violations of human rights .
If the state is the instrument that protects and ensures rights , they explain , those who live without a nationality are completely vulnerable .
Earlier this year , the UN Refugee Agency ( UNHCR ) announced that it was " redoubling " its efforts to combat statelessness , saying the predicament " impacts not only the individuals concerned but also society as a whole , in particular because excluding an entire sector of the population may create social tension and significantly impair efforts to promote economic aid and social development . "
Since 2007 , the State Department has included a section on statelessness in its annual country reports , meaning it judges other nations ' human rights records , in part , by how they handle citizenship rights .
Some individual countries have also taken steps to reduce statelessness within their borders .
Although there are still barriers to citizenship , Nepal , for instance , recently provided documentation to hundreds of thousands of people – some of the millions who had been unable to obtain citizenship rights because of a change in law requiring people to prove " Nepali origin , " a phrase that was applied differently in different regions and did not consider a mother 's nationality .
Bangladesh has started extending citizenship to some of the Bihari people , who for years have been rejected by both Pakistan and Bangladesh – a casualty of the division between East and West Pakistan in 1971 .
In May , the US Senate Judiciary Committee held hearings on a bill that would help the 4,000 or so stateless people within the US , suggesting new mechanisms for them to acquire green cards .
" The good news , " Ms. Lynch says , " is that statelessness is a problem that can be ended . "
It may be difficult to find one blanket approach , she says , but in many cases , adjustments in laws and bureaucratic policy will fix much of the problem .
• • •
In Europe , the Roma – also known derisively as gypsies – often lack identity documents .
In Kenya , according to Human Rights Watch , more than 100,000 ethnic Nubians , whose forebears were brought there from Sudan by British colonialists in the late 19th and early 20th centuries to act as soldiers , have long been denied Kenyan citizenship .
Although the situation is starting to change , Nubians cannot acquire identity documents or work in the formal sector , and inhabit large swaths of some of Nairobi 's poorest slums .
In Kuwait , the government denies citizenship to what Refugees International estimate to be 120,000 bidun people ( descendants of nomadic Bedouins who either did n't claim or were n't granted citizenship at the time national borders were drawn ) ; in Syria , approximately 300,000 Kurds do not have citizenship .
Palestinians are perhaps the best - known stateless group .
In the US , many of the estimated 4,000 stateless are failed asylum seekers or were visiting the US when their home country collapsed , according to Senate staffers who have worked on the issue .
For instance , in testimony to the Judiciary Committee , Refugees International president Dan Glickman told of a woman from the former Soviet Union who no longer had a home embassy or consulate , and could not meet residency requirements to become a Ukrainian or a Russian citizen .
She 'd applied unsuccessfully for asylum in the US before the collapse of the Soviet bloc , but now had nowhere to return .
He said she lives in constant fear of being jailed .
" Stateless people are perhaps even more vulnerable than refugees due to their near - total lack of ability to exercise their human rights , " he said .
Sometimes their situations do overlap with refugee crises .
During the 1990s , for instance , human rights groups estimate that around 250,000 Rohingya Muslims who had been denied citizenship in Burma ( Myanmar ) fled to Bangladesh because of the struggles they faced as noncitizens .
But most stateless people are not refugees , officials with the UN say .
The exact percentage is difficult to calculate , however , because the statistics about stateless people are sketchy at best .
UNHCR is the international body charged with addressing the predicament of stateless people .
It collects data on statelessness from individual governments – some of which have valid statistics , but others of which UN officials privately acknowledge are highly inaccurate .
" Mapping " statelessness – gathering statistics on not only how many people lack any citizenship , but also on their regions , the reasons for their statelessness and their family histories – is a key part of UNHCR 's new strategy of increasing its effort to focus on stateless people .
" We need to undertake a more systematic effort to address this frequently ignored issue , " said Volker Türk , director of UNHCR 's division of international protection , when the agency announced its new statelessness effort in March .
" There is growing interest among states , including donors and civil society , and this creates new opportunities for UNHCR to implement its mandate . "
The concept of statelessness first attracted widespread international attention in the aftermath of World War II , when the population of Europe was in flux .
The experience of the Jews , who had been denationalized by Germany 's Nuremberg laws , along with the postwar border shifting , prompted the UN General Assembly to include the right to nationality in its 1948 Universal Declaration of Human Rights .
More proclamations followed .
In 1954 , the UN adopted the Convention Related to the Status of Stateless Persons , which attempted to outline rights for those who had no fixed nationality .
Seven years later , the UN adopted the Convention on the Reduction of Statelessness , which took measures such as allowing nationality to pass from mother to child , and forbidding countries in most cases from denationalizing citizens .
It also charged the UNHCR with overseeing the issue of statelessness .
But these conventions carried little weight , and the attention fizzled .
Only 33 countries ratified the 1961 convention .
It was a tricky issue .
No country wants to give up the power to decide who should be a citizen , those working with statelessness acknowledge ; in many ways , the ability to exclude people , to draw lines between " us " and " them , " is at the heart of the concept of the nation - state .
" In many ways , nationality is the last bastion of the sovereign state doctrine , " says James Goldston , executive director of the Open Society Institute 's Justice Initiative , which now focuses on statelessness as one of its main advocacy issues .
" Article 15 of the Universal Declaration of Human Rights says that everyone has the right to nationality , but nowhere does it say which state must secure that right .
We still need some greater clarification of states ' obligations . "
The question is compounded , he says , by the different histories and characteristics of stateless people ; at face value , the Palestinians , say , have little in common with the Dominicans of Haitian descent , or the hill tribes of northern Thailand .
" One of the great challenges in terms of advocacy is that these people are dispersed , " Mr. Goldston says .
" And it does manifest itself in different ways all across the globe .
It is hard to mobilize the stateless as one class or group . "
• • •
The Dominican Republic shows the hyperlocal aspect of the question , as well as the common threads of marginalization .
Here , the issue of statelessness revolves around the complicated and troubled relationship between the Dominican Republic and its much poorer neighbor , Haiti .
The history of these two countries , which share the island of Hispaniola , is fraught .
The Dominican Republic celebrates its independence from Haiti ; Haitians remember how Dominican dictator Rafael Trujillo massacred thousands of their countrymen living along the border in 1937 .
[ Editor 's note :
The original version of this story stated 30,000 Haitians were killed .
Historic accounts vary between 4,000 and 35,000 . ]
Today , the Dominican government estimates that hundreds of thousands of Haitian immigrants enter their country illegally each year – with concerns that the number is increasing dramatically since January 's devastating earthquake in Port - au - Prince .
At the same time , the Dominican economy depends on cheap – many say , ill - treated – Haitian labor to fuel the sugar , tourist , and construction industries .
Haitians and Haitian descendents who live in the Dominican Republic often talk about severe racism and mistreatment ; Dominicans talk about how Haitians take jobs and tap already strained public resources .
" To understand the Dominican Republic 's actions , you have to imagine the American reaction if there were 30 million illegal Mexicans coming into the US every year [ as opposed to the Pew Hispanic Center 's estimated 500,000 ] , " says one UN worker , who asked not to be identified because her organization works with the government and the topic of statelessness is so sensitive .
Until this year , the Dominican Constitution said that a child was a Dominican citizen if he or she had Dominican parents , or was born on Dominican soil .
There were two exceptions , however – the children of diplomats and the children of people " in transit . "
For years , " in transit " meant someone docking in the country 's port on a ship , or stopping for a few days ' visit .
But in the past decade , the courts have changed this description to include migrants – even those who came with valid work permits .
The government increasingly applies this standard retroactively , saying that some children and grandchildren of Haitians should not have gotten Dominican birth certificates in the first place .
This year , the government passed a new Constitution that said children of illegal immigrants were not citizens .
The move is similar to what some activists and legislators in Arizona would like to see as an extension of the state 's controversial new immigration laws – and a warning of how complicated such a stance can be .
Activists estimate that tens of thousands of people are finding themselves in Camilise 's situation .
And this , they say , has consequences for education ( teenagers ca n't go to college ) , health care ( already HIV rates in the bateyes are among the worst in the Western Hemisphere , and activists worry about " survival sex " and access to medicine ) , and poverty levels ( without documents , a person can't be legally employed ) .
Some also worry about an increase in human trafficking , prostitution , and other forms of exploitation .
" Citizenship rights are fundamental to being able to access everything , " says Rachel Aicher of the Open Society Institute , who has worked on statelessness cases in the Dominican Republic .
" State services are dependent on producing identification . "
If you have no country , nobody is providing you services and nobody is protecting your rights .
In Batey Esperanza , a neighborhood about an hour 's drive from the sprawling capital of Santo Domingo , almost every cinder - block house has a story about statelessness .
Yuly Paredes says he had to leave his semiprofessional baseball program because the Dominican government would n't give him a birth certificate , without which he would never get a contract with the American teams who scout here .
Louis Michel , a 75 - year - old who says he came here legally from Haiti to cut sugar cane in 1979 , says his Dominican - born grandchildren are now unable to go to college .
Altagracia José , who was born in the Dominican Republic , points to her teenage daughter , who is pregnant , and says that the girl had to leave school because she had no papers .
" You know what happens to a young girl who is pregnant – if she can't go to school , she gets a man , " she says .
" And then another man .
And the boys , they have no future .
They turn delinquent . "
Ms. José says that now she , too , cannot get copies of her papers , which keeps her from obtaining legal employment .
" I cried when they told me I was not Dominican , " she says .
" I can not choose another country .
I 've never been to Haiti – I am no more Haitian than I am Puerto Rican , or American .
If I am stateless , I am nobody . "
• Travel for this article was funded by a grant from the Pulitzer Center on Crisis Reporting .
Tomgram : Engelhardt , Living in the 51st State ( of Denial )
[ Note for TomDispatch Readers :
In recent years , this website has had a fine record when it comes to college commencement addresses , in part because I have a fondness for the form at its best , and in part because I think we should all have a chance to graduate into our world , whatever our ages .
In previous years at TomDispatch , you 've read commencement speeches by Howard Zinn ( " Against Discouragement " ) , Mark Danner ( " Words in a Time of War " ) , Rebecca Solnit , ( " Welcome to the Impossible World " ) , and even me ( " Missing Word , Missing World " ) , written , as I put it last year , “ from the edge of the campus of life . ”
Unfortunately , no one I know gave such a speech this year and , for some unknown reason , no college offered me the opportunity , so I decided to write another graduation address , again from the privacy of my apartment .
Let me mention , by the way , that while our distant foreign wars are largely out of the news and off the American agenda , paying for them is n’t .
Without a peep , the Senate just approved another round of “ emergency war spending ” to the tune of tens of billions of dollars to cover Afghanistan and Iraq .
Our inability to focus on the American way of war has been striking recently .
If you want to know more about it , consider preordering my new book , The American Way of War : How Bush ’s Wars Became Obama ’s , which will be out in a couple of weeks .
While I ’m at it , let me mention two other books , not slated for publication till August , that you should definitely preorder .
Both make new sense of our American world .
If you want to understand why two presidents as different as Barack Obama and George W. Bush have so often ended up in policy agreement , then make sure to get Andrew Bacevich ’s new book , Washington Rules : America ’s Path to Permanent War .
It explains how the Washington consensus on foreign policy formed , and just why its fundamental assumptions and options remain so narrow -- and so militarized .
If you want to understand just where so much of your money is really going , then check out Chalmers Johnson ’s successor volume to his Blowback Trilogy , Dismantling the Empire : America ’s Last Best Hope .
And keep in mind that any time you click on a book link or book cover image at this site , go to Amazon.com , and buy a book ( or anything else for that matter ) , we get a small percentage of that purchase at no extra cost to you !
Tom ]
American Denial
Living in a Can’t - Do Nation
By Tom Engelhardt
Graduates of the class of 2010 , I ’m honored to have been asked to address you today , but I would not want to be you .
I graduated in 1966 on a gloriously sunny day ; then again , it was a sunnier moment in this country .
We were , after all , still surfing the crest of post - World War II American wealth and productivity .
The first oil crisis of 1973 was n’t even on the horizon .
I never gave a thought to the gas I put in the tank of the used Volkswagen " bug " I bought with a friend my last year in college .
In those days , the oil for that gas had probably been pumped out of an American well on land ( and not dumped in the Gulf of Mexico ) .
Gas , in any case , was dirt cheap .
No one thought about it -- or Saudi Arabia ( unless they were working for an oil company or the State Department ) .
Think of it this way : in 1966 , the United States was , in your terms , China , while China was just a giant , poor country , a land of -- as the American media liked to write back then -- “ blue ants . ”
Seventeen years earlier , it had , in the words of its leader Mao Ze-dong , “ stood up ” and declared itself a revolutionary people ’s republic ; but just a couple of years before I graduated , that country went nuts in something called the Cultural Revolution .
Back in 1966 , the world was in debt to us .
We were the high - tech brand you wanted to own -- unless , of course , you were a guerrilla in the jungles of Southeast Asia who held some quaint notion about having a nation of your own .
Here ’s what I did n’t doubt then : that I would get a job .
I did n’t spend much time thinking about my working future , because American affluence and the global dominance that went with it left me unshakably confident that , when I was ready , I would land somewhere effortlessly .
The road trips of that era , the fabled counterculture , so much of daily life would be predicated on , and tied to , the country ’s economic power , cheap oil , staggering productivity , and an ability to act imperially on a global stage without seeming ( to us Americans at least ) like an imperial entity .
I was living in denial then about the nature of our government , our military , and our country , but it was an understandable state .
After all , we -- the “ sixties generation ” -- grew up so much closer to a tale of American democracy and responsive government .
We had faith , however unexamined , that an American government should and would hear us , that if we raised our voices loudly enough , our leaders would listen .
We had , in other words , a powerful , deeply ingrained sense of agency , now absent in this country .
That , I suspect , is why we took to the streets in protest -- not just because we despaired of American war policy , which we did , but because under that despair we still held on tightly to a hope , which the next decades would strip from our world and your generation .
And we had hopeful models as well .
Remember , the great Civil Rights movement of the 1950s and 1960s was still a force to be reckoned with -- and the assassinations of Martin Luther King , the riots of 1968 , the burning ghettoes , the shock of American troops occupying American inner cities , as yet had no reality for us .
Even in protest , there was a sense of ... well , the only word I can think of is “ abundance . ”
At the time , everything seemed abundant .
President Lyndon Johnson ’s Great Society program was expansively underway in the midst of war -- and even guns and butter seemed ( for a while ) a plausible enough combination for a country like ours .
The Peace Corps , that creation of the Kennedy presidency -- which my future wife joined in 1964 -- was still new and it , too , encapsulated that sense of American abundance and the hubris that went with it .
It was based , after all , on the idea that you could take a bunch of American kids like you , just out of college , with no particular skills , and ship them off with minimal training to needy nations around the world to improve life , all as part of a great Cold War publicity face - off with the Soviet Union .
And those kids , who turned out in droves to experience something bigger and better than themselves , did often enough find ingenious ways to offer limited amounts of help .
The Peace Corps was but one small measure of a pervasive sense -- about to be shattered -- of our country ’s status as the globe ’s preeminent can - do nation .
There was nothing we could n’t do .
( Had n’t we , after all , singlehandedly rebuilt devastated Europe and Japan after World War II ? )
Then , of course , there was “ the war . ”
Vietnam , that is .
It was the oozing oil spill of that moment , regularly referred to as “ an American tragedy ” ( never a Vietnamese one ) .
The tragic aspect of it , above all , seemed to be that victory would not come ; that , as Henry Kissinger would later put it , speaking of communist North Vietnam , “ I ca n’t believe a fourth - rate power does n’t have a breaking point . ”
The very idea of defeat -- hardly mentionable in those years but ever - present -- was corrosive to what , in a book of mine , I once called America ’s “ victory culture . ”
Because the Vietnamese refused to give way in that “ meat grinder ” of a war in which millions of Vietnamese ( and tens of thousands of American soldiers ) would die , doubt , like that oil seeping into the Louisiana marshes today , oozed into the crevices of American life , and began to eat away at confidence .
Even the nightmare of war , however , had a positive side -- and you can thank the draft for that .
The U.S. then had a civilian , rather than a professional ( verging on mercenary ) army .
It was , in a sense , still faintly in the tradition of the “ people ’s armies ” that began with the French Revolution ’s levée en masse .
For young men nationwide and those who knew them , the draft -- the possibility that you , or your son , husband , lover , friend , might actually end up fighting America ’s misbegotten war in Southeast Asia -- ensured , strangely enough , a deeper connection both to war and country , something now absent in most of your lives .
With rare exceptions , you , the class of 2010 , live unconnected to the wars America has been fighting these last nine - plus years .
As a result , you also live in avoidance not of a draft , but of the damage our country is doing to itself and others in distant lands .
That kind of denial is a luxury in a country now far less well known for its affluence and still squandering what wealth it has on wars and armaments .
Today , it ’s guns , not butter , and that fateful choice , regularly renewed , seems totally divorced from your lives ( though you will , in the end , pay a price for it ) .
When it came to this country and its wars , my education took place not in the classroom , but extracurricularly , as part of an antiwar movement .
It involved a kind of stripping down of so much I thought I knew , so much I had been taught or simply absorbed .
Much that I had to unlearn about this country is now your birthright , for better or worse .
Can’t - Do America
Who can deny that our American world is in trouble ?
Or that our troubles , like our wars , have a momentum of their own against which we generally no longer raise our voices in protest ; that we have , in a sense , been disarmed as citizens ?
You , the graduating class of 2010 , are caught in a system ; then again , so are our leaders .
In recent years , we ’ve had two presidents , George W. Bush and Barack Obama , who could not be mistaken for one another .
In most obvious ways -- style , thinking , personality , politics , sensibility , impulses -- they could n’t be more different , as have been the ways they have approached problems .
One was a true believer in the glories of American military and executive power , the other is a manager of a declining power and what passes for a political “ pragmatist ” in our world .
Yet , more times than is faintly comfortable , the two of them have ended up in approximately the same policy places -- whether on the abridgement of liberties , the expansion of the secret activities of military special operations forces across the Greater Middle East , the CIA drone war in the Pakistani borderlands and elsewhere , the treatment of prisoners , our expanding wars , Pentagon budgets , offshore oil drilling and nuclear power , or other topics which matter in our lives .
This should be more startling than it evidently is for most Americans .
If the policies of these two disparate figures often have a tweedledum - and - tweedledee - ish look to them , then what we face is not specific party politics or individual style , but a system with its own steamroller force , and its own set of narrow , repetitive “ solutions ” to our problems .
We also face an increasingly militarized , privatized government , its wheels greased by the funds of giant corporations , that now regularly seems to go about the business of creating new Katrinas .
Compared to the long - gone world I graduated into , yours seems to me little short of dystopian , even if , on the surface , it still has something of the look of American abundance .
If nothing changes in this equation , your experience , as far as I can tell , will be of ever less available , ever less decent jobs and of ever less wealth ever less well distributed , as well as of a federal government ( “ the bureaucracy ” ) that has everything to do with giant corporations , their lobbyists and publicists , and the military - industrial complex -- and nothing to do with you .
You have grown increasingly used to an American world in which a war - fighting state armed with increasingly oppressive powers offers you a national security version of “ safety , ” directed by Fear Inc. and based on waning liberties .
You seem to me deeply affected by , but detached from , all of this .
In many ways , given our situation , your response seems reasonable enough .
The problem is : if you simply duck and go about your lives as best you can , what can this country hope for ?
Unfortunately , your disconnect is , I suspect , made more severe because your lives are encased in what I would call a grid of exterminationism .
It was in my youth , of course , that the world became exterminable , thanks to nuclear weapons .
Today -- with other threats , especially global warming and resource scarcity , joining those doomsday weapons in what feels like a fatal brew -- how could you not feel despair , whether fully recognized or not ?
How could you not have the urge to avoid looking toward the horizon , toward a future too grim to think about ?
If you ca n’t imagine a future , however , you probably can’t form a movement to change anything .
In short , you , graduates of 2010 , through no fault of your own are , it seems , living in our 51st state , a state of American denial , in a nation that is being hollowed out ( as the paltry governmental response to the BP disaster in the Gulf of Mexico indicates ) .
As we now know , America ’s aging infrastructure -- its bridges , dikes , levees , dams , drinking water transport systems , roads , and the like -- is quite literally hollowing out , as well as springing “ leaks , ” and not a mile under the water either .
Little is being done about this .
The hollowing out , however , goes deeper -- right down to the feeling that , with disaster in the air , little can be done and nothing reversed .
The can - do nation of my youth has given way to a can ’t - do nation with a busted government .
I think I can guarantee you one thing , for instance , about the historic oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico .
When the commissions have commished , and Congress has investigated , and the president has re-staffed the Interior Department ’s Minerals Management Service , and the pundits have pontificated , and everything else that could possibly happen has happened , we will , once again , have learned next to nothing -- other than , perhaps , how to drill for offshore oil at the depth of one mile marginally more safely .
We will not be any closer to an alternative energy future .
We will not have one mile more of high - speed rail .
Nothing that matters will have happened .
And months from now , BP will again be announcing profits in the billions and pouring more money into the pockets of politicians heading for Washington , while the people of Louisiana , among others , will be left to their misery as the 24/7 media moves on to the next set of disasters , real or ephemeral .
When the first deep - water oil spill happened in Santa Barbara , California , in 1969 , Americans were shocked and there were actual protests .
In the streets .
Shock , that is , was followed by the urge to act .
As parts of the Gulf of Mexico are being turned into a dead sea , shock there may be and even complaint , but next to no protest .
Here ’s a recent headline that catches something of the mood of the moment : “ A nation mesmerized : Can BP plug the Gulf gusher ? ”
Mesmerized is a good word for it .
The whole world is watching -- and nothing more .
The media tells us that there is anger , and there ’s certainly plenty to be angry about .
But look around .
Do you see anger ?
Does outrage march past you any day of the week ?
Is this the American world you really want ?
Leaving the 51st State
Call it fate , but on this graduation day , the skies are grey , a light rain is falling , and a surprisingly heavy fog has cut this tent off from the campus on which you ’ve spent four years .
Think of it as a message from the gods and let me , like any reader of oracles , do my best to interpret it for you .
Usually , graduation speakers are intent on encouraging graduates to sally forth into the world , get a job , and have a life .
I have a different message in mind .
After all those courses , seminars , papers , tests , it ’s time for you to sally forth and get an education -- on your own and under terrible circumstances .
You ’ll have to find your own teachers , assign your own papers , and carry on your own seminars in the noisy precinct of your mind or among your friends and acquaintances .
The subject ?
What is to be done with America .
I was born in a country that thought it could rebuild anything .
You ’re living in one lacking recuperative powers .
Our resources are now being mobilized to fight two obscure and remarkably pointless , if destructive , trillion - dollar wars in distant Afghanistan and Iraq that most Americans pretend are n’t even going on .
In the meantime , you have never been called upon to mobilize for anything .
You have never been asked to sacrifice anything for the greater good .
Even as nothing is being asked of you , your future is nonetheless being sacrificed .
If you leave this campus and do nothing , your life will be far worse for it .
When I began , I said I would n’t want to be you .
That ’s because the task before you is grotesquely super - sized .
You undoubtedly sense this , sense that somehow you need to free yourself from so much these years have taught you in order to imagine a future for us all .
You ’ve been robbed of the sense that you could matter -- outside your own small world and your individual life .
It ’s the worst sort of thievery .
Worse than that , it ’s a lie .
If you believe it , though , it will become so .
Given the size of the problems at hand , given what needs to be mended on our wounded planet , the easier path is to settle down for good in the 51st state .
On the other hand , yours could be the ultimate American odyssey .
You could have stories to tell your children , and your children ’s children that would be memorable indeed .
The question is :
What is to be done with America ?
What will you do with it ?
I know what I ’d suggest as a start .
Tens of thousands of dollars and , for many of you , mountains of debt later , get an education .
If you ca n’t do it in the daylight of the workaday world , do it at night .
You ’re young .
Drink coffee .
Stay up late .
If you do n’t feel that you owe it to yourself ( and you do ) , then you owe it to the American world that you would like your children to live in .
I feel no pride over the oil - slimed , war - making , money - blowing country that my generation has left you .
Not for a second .
I would n’t chose to be you , not given the tools we ’ve left you to work with .
But you are , of course , you .
That ’s the one choice you ca n’t make , so make something of it .
We ’re constantly reminded that we need heroes .
We have a tendency now to call the soldiers fighting needless wars thousands of miles away our “ heroes . ”
But what hero struggles halfway across the planet when his home is on fire ?
What we need is another kind of hero , another kind of bravery : you marching off this campus and out of the 51st state .
You facing up to the miserable world you ’re in , figuring out its parameters , and doing something about it .
And here ’s the good news : in bad times , action engenders hope .
So act .
It ’ll feel better to do so .
It ’s time for me to end and for you to form into your ranks , depart this tent , and with your banners flying , your heads held high , go into the fog that covers this campus , into a future that ’s anything but clear or beckoning .
Still , I ’m counting on you .
End the American state of denial -- or else .
Tom Engelhardt , co-founder of the American Empire Project , runs the Nation Institute 's TomDispatch.com .
He is the author of The End of Victory Culture , a history of the Cold War and beyond , as well as of a novel , The Last Days of Publishing .
His new book , The American Way of War : How Bush ’s Wars Became Obama ’s ( Haymarket Books ) , will be published in June .
[ Note for Readers : Just to be completely clear , I was invited to no campus to give this commencement speech .
I gave it in the campus of my mind , which was indeed foggy that day . ]
Copyright 2010 Tom Engelhardt
Kim Jong - nam tracked down to Macau hotel as elevation of Kim Jong - il 's brother - in - law to No 2 spot in leadership is announced
He was once widely touted to succeed his father as leader of North Korea .
But Kim Jong - nam reportedly fell out of favour in 2001 when he was caught trying to enter Japan on a fake Dominican Republic passport to visit Tokyo's Disney resort .
Today he was tracked down by a South Korean newspaper to a hotel in the Chinese territory of Macau .
Unshaven , paunchy and wearing jeans and blue suede loafers , Kim , 39 , dismissed reports he intended to seek asylum in Europe because he lost out in a power struggle with his brother , said the JoongAng Ilbo .
" I have no plans on moving to Europe .
Why would I ? " he said , while waiting for the lift .
" I could go there for a vacation , but I think you have only heard rumours . "
The remarks come as it was reported that his father , Kim Jong - il , had promoted a brother - in - law , Jang Song - thaek , to the No 2 spot , a position that could allow the latter to become the next ruler or kingmaker in deciding which son succeeds the Dear Leader .
Today 's announcement was made after a rare parliamentary session reportedly attended by the reclusive leader , who is believed to have suffered a stroke two years ago .
It was difficult to assess the 68 - year - old 's health because Pyongyang 's state - run television broadcast only a long shot of him , sitting behind a desk in the middle of a long line of parliamentarians .
The parliament , or the Supreme People 's Assembly , usually meets once a year to approve bills vetted by the ruling Workers ' party .
The body met in April , and no reason was given for holding the unusual second session .
The session came amid worsening economic woes , pressing succession issues and a campaign by Seoul for UN action against Pyongyang for an attack on a South Korean naval vessel in March that killed 46 sailors .
North Korea denies sinking the ship , and its state - run media did not say whether parliament discussed the issue .
Lining up a successor to Kim has long been one of North Korea 's most pressing issues and it continues to fuel speculation about the mysterious nuclear - armed nation .
Analysts said a reshuffle was full of significant signs that the regime was making serious preparations for change .
The most important promotion involved Jang , who already had immense power as the head of intelligence and the political overlord of the prosecutor 's office , the police and the courts .
Jang was promoted to vice - chairman of the all - powerful National Defence Commission , which decides security policy , said Yang Moo-jin , a professor at the Seoul - based University of North Korean Studies .
" With this post , he has been given all responsibility and rights to secure a stable structure for future succession . "
Jang , married to Kim 's younger sister , is widely believed to be a key backer of the North Korean leader 's third son , Kim Jong - un , who several analysts think will be his father 's eventual successor .
Many believe Jang may lead a collective leadership after Kim 's death and help groom one of the sons for the top job .
Folks at The Next Web are reporting that an unknown number of iTunes account have been hacked .
Two developers had initially observed that 40 of the Top 50 iPhone apps in the Books Category in the App Store were developed by Vietnamese developer “ Thuat Nguyen ” and had suspected that the hacked iTunes accounts were being used to buy apps from the App Store .
But it now looks like the issue is more widespread and not limited to just one developer and just his apps .
You can checkout the screenshot below of the Books category in iTunes , where you can see the apps developed by a single developer :
Users are also reporting that their iTunes account have been hacked on Twitter and also on this Macrumors forum thread ( though the thread seems to have started way back in 2008 and three users have reported of their account being hacked in the last 24 hours ) .
Here are some user complaints :
“ Yesterday my credit union contacted me saying there was suspicious activity on my debit card .
Sure enough over 10 transactions in the $ 40 - $ 50 area all on iTunes equaling to $ 558 .
This is definitely a problem , since then I ’ve e-mailed MSNBC hoping they ’ll pick up the story and investigate this problem . ”
“ I also received a receipt via email on my “ Purchases ” on 7/2/10 .
I made the mistake of storing my debit card on the itunes store app .
I have run into the exact same responses that other users are reporting –only email as a method of contact . ”
That response was to tell me how to change passwords , etc. – stock answers and to also tell me of no refunds .
I was an internet technician for years so the iTunes advise was second nature for me but with little hope for “ fixing ” the issue since I believe that the breach was on the iTunes server . ”
“ I ’ve just noticed my iTunes account has been hacked in the past week .
Someone has downloaded 8 apps and two songs totalling £ 61.70 .
The most expensive being an app called All Match by CharismaIST for £ 54.99 !
The other apps seem to be based on photographer like Camera One , Night Shot , Camera Flash Ultra .
Surely Apple wo n’t pay out to these developers .
I have changed my password and put in an email complaint to iTunes so we ’ll see how it goes . ”
“ A small $ 1.00 - $ 3.00 charge , then random navigation apps totalling around $ 190.00 .
Cancelled the card and now working with credit union to get the charges removed .
I will never use my debit card with Itunes again . ”
As you can see from the screenshot below , some users are also complaining in the App review section of some of the Vietnamese books apps that they had never downloaded the apps and that their account were hacked .
Phillip Schiller , the Senior Vice President of Worldwide Product Marketing at Apple , has apparently reverted back to the developer who had first reported the issue to Apple that the App Store team is investigating the issue .
It might be a good idea to check your iTunes account to ensure that there is no security breach .
Apple has a knowledge base article ( link ) for users who suspect that their account is compromised , which also includes the best practices for account security , this might be a good wake up call for all of us to go through them .
Update 1 :
Macrumors believes that report of iTunes accounts getting hacked is greatly exaggerated .
However , we would still advice users to check their iTunes account to ensure its safe .
Update 2 :
9to5 Mac is reporting that Apple has removed apps developed by Vietnamese developer “ Thuat Nguyen ” from the App Store .
Update 3 :
Apple responds on iTunes account fraud ; bans developer from App Store .
We ’ll keep you updated on this developing story .
Stay tuned here at iPhone Hacks or follow us on Twitter or subscribe to our RSS feed .
[ via The Next Web ]
Flashback Friday .
Outlet malls are often in the middle of nowhere , in places that are hard to get to , or in places that you would n’t think of as retail magnets .
For instance , you ’ve got the outlet mall in Barstow , California :
Barstow is roughly mid-way between L.A. and Las Vegas , so locating it there might be a smart move to try to get some of the weekend traffic between the two cities .
And there are some logical reasons you might want to locate outlets in places like Barstow : by putting them in outlying cities , you make sure they do n’t overlap too much with the customer base for the main stores , potentially stealing customers who would otherwise pay full - price for new products rather than going to the outlet .
You want the outlet to be complement the regular store , not compete with it .
And aside from that , surely real estate is cheaper in Barstow than in either L.A. or Las Vegas , which would keep costs down for building or renting retail space .
That ’s part of the story .
But there ’s some interesting psychology going on , too , as Ellen Ruppel Shell explains in Cheap : The High Cost of Discount Culture .
It turns out that being difficult to get to is , in fact , part of the appeal of outlet malls .
The fact that they often require a drive of an hour or more signals to consumers that they must have really good deals .
That ’s the payoff for inconvenience — it ’s harder and more time - consuming than going to your local mall , but in return you ’re getting a great bargain .
Right ?
Well … not really .
I remember driving two hours once to go to this outlet mall I had heard so much about — friends would go and come back with bags full of clothes , telling me about all the money they ’d saved .
I got there and was shocked by the prices ; they did n’t strike me as particularly cheap at all .
I ended up going home without buying anything , trying to figure out how I had missed the great sales racks .
According to Shell , though , that ’s pretty typical of outlet malls : they often do n’t really provide great bargains .
Instead , they provide the illusion of bargains , and a motivation for thinking you ’re finding them .
It turns out that the more trouble people go through to get to an outlet , the more they overestimate the amount of savings compared to prices at regular stores .
The very fact that it was hard to get to convinces people that it must provide something fantastic ; if you are n’t saving a lot of money by going there , why on earth would it be so far out of the way ?
And the more remote it is , the cheaper the products must be !
Our efforts to understand the placement of outlet malls actually leads us to think we ’re getting better deals than we are , because we must be .
Otherwise it does n’t make sense for them to be where they are .
And so the location of outlet malls becomes proof that they ’re cheap .
Why else would they be there ?
We have another powerful motivation to believe this .
If you ’ve driven an hour or more one - way to get great deals at the outlet mall , you are primed to believe you ’re getting bargains because otherwise you just wasted a lot of time , effort , and gas for nothing .
Once you get there , you ’re psychologically motivated to believe your effort was worth it , and you do that by buying stuff and thinking the price is a steal .
As a result of these two factors , research shows that people perceive merchandise found at out - of - the - way outlet malls as being more of a bargain than they do if they see similarly - priced items closer to home .
We overestimate what the original value of the item must have been and focus on the difference between that hypothetical price and the outlet price , rather than on the objective price itself .
And consumers tend to discount the cost of getting to the outlet , not including the cost of gas and their time into the price of the items they buy .
So the placement of outlet malls is n’t just a simple reaction to real estate prices or an effort to not compete with the regular - priced store .
The placement itself is an important element of marketing , signaling to consumers that wonderful bargains await those who are willing to accept a little inconvenience .
When you combine this with the meaningless discount , you have a powerful marketing tool , a way to convince consumers they are saving more money , or getting higher - quality products , than they actually are .
Originally posted in 2010 .
Gwen Sharp is an associate professor of sociology at Nevada State College .
You can follow her on Twitter at @gwensharpnv .
The cover is creased and the edges slightly curling , but otherwise The Memory Keeper 's Daughter is in surprisingly good condition for a book that has travelled more than 1,000 miles and been through seven pairs of hands .
" I do n't bother about creases on the cover or the spine , " says Wendy Evans , 48 , the seventh and current owner of Kim Edwards ' novel , which has travelled from Preston to Leicester via Glasgow and Dorset before landing on her doorstep in Sheffield .
" I do object to food residue , but this one 's in pretty good nick . "
Evans has exchanged 135 books through ReadItSwapIt.co.uk since last August .
" It 's addictive , " she says .
" I can try out authors I would n't normally read and I do n't feel guilty if I give up halfway .
I 'm not paying for the book , and I 'm not throwing it away after I 've read it or leaving it to gather dust on a shelf . "
For eco-aware readers , the environmental benefits of swapping rather than buying are clear .
In 2003 , Greenpeace launched its book campaign , producing evidence that the UK publishing industry was inadvertently fuelling the destruction of ancient forests in Finland and Canada .
It found that one Canadian spruce produces just 24 books , which means that if you get through one book every two weeks your reading habits destroy almost one large tree every year .
( In the same year , Greenpeace persuaded Raincoat Books to produce the Canadian edition of Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix on recycled paper , saving an estimated 39,000 trees . )
But despite the campaign , only 40 % of the UK book industry has introduced paper with a high level of recycled content , largely choosing to use paper certified by the Forest Stewardship Council instead .
Beyond using the country 's dwindling network of libraries , until recently the opportunities for exchanging paperbacks have been limited to friends , community schemes and book groups .
But in the past two years , a spate of online book - swapping sites have emerged .
Inspired by the goodwill schemes operated by hostels around the world , whereby travellers can leave behind books they have read and pick up something new , these sites generate little profit for their founders .
The books are swapped directly between users , who pay the postage ; the sites simply facilitate the meeting and identifying of potential exchanges .
On BookMooch.com , a site run from California , users enter the titles of the books they want to give away , and earn credit that enables them to borrow each time they swap a book .
" I was inspired by a community centre I saw on holiday in Norwich , " says founder John Buckman .
" It had a bookshelf outside with a sign saying , ' Leave a book , take a book ' .
I liked the idea of them circulating around the world . "
What sets BookMooch apart from sites such as WhatsOnMyBookshelf , PaperBackSwap and Bookins , is its international scale : it has 68,930 users in 91 countries .
Since its launch in 2006 , nearly 700,000 books have been swapped ;
The Memory Keeper 's Daughter , the most exchanged - or " mooched " - book , has been swapped 755 times .
Edwards ' tale is something of an online sleeper hit , beating bestsellers such as Khaled Hosseini's The Kite Runner and Ian McEwan 's On Chesil Beach to the top spot on both BookMooch and ReadItSwapIt .
Earlier this year , Philip Felstead , 57 , from Dorset , was the fifth person to read the well - thumbed copy that now sits on Evans 's bedside table .
" It 's not a book I would have bought , " admits Felstead , whose job involves publishing of a different kind : monographs by retired diplomats .
" But I read two or three books a week in the evenings , and I was looking for something fun . "
Felstead , who has been using the site for 18 months , passed the book on to Teresa in Leicester , who in return sent him Engleby by Sebastian Faulks .
" Extremely interesting , " is his verdict .
" I 've been introduced to many authors I 'd never have tried . "
Some readers include a note - just a friendly hello , or a recommendation - creating a sense of community and continuity .
Some even meet up to swap books and discuss them in person , says Martin Bathgate , founder of ReadItSwapIt.co.uk .
" Our forum is a great social tool .
People who like books tend to like each other . "
Evans also welcomes the social aspect of book - swapping .
An administrator at the church army training college in Sheffield , she used to rely on church book sales or the local library , " but they did n't always have the most recent books .
Getting hold of new novels and talking to people about them makes a real difference " .
Of course , those churches and charity shops that made money from second - hand book sales stand to lose out , as do the publishing industry and authors .
" In the music industry , this kind of thing would be called ' file sharing ' , and technically illegal , " the author Jeanette Winterson wrote of book - swapping sites recently .
" Of course I want people to read my books , but I also want people to buy my books . "
But Buckman and Bathgate argue that the sites function alongside libraries and bookshops to provide access to a wider range of titles , encouraging readers to encounter new authors and keeping older titles in print .
" People who use the site become fans of books and end up buying more , " says Buckman .
" One in 20 of the books exchanged is also purchased . "
Despite working in publishing himself , Felstead is philosophical about the impact on the industry .
" I suppose one does n't worry so much about the bookshops these days , because they 're all large chains that make most of their money selling coffee .
And authors should be pleased that their work is being disseminated around the world . "
The Memory Keeper 's Daughter , meanwhile , is about to go to its next home .
At first , Evans says , she felt uncomfortable about sending her books to strangers .
" I was brought up to take care of my books , " she explains .
" But at least I know it 's going to a good home , to someone who wants it , not to sit on a shelf or be thrown away " .
· This article was amended on Thursday May 1 2008 .
In the original version we did n't introduce Andrew Bathgate in full , and also referred to Wendy Evans as ' he ' , not ' she ' .
This has been corrected .
· This article was amended on Monday May 5 2008 .
We incorrectly amended the article to include Martin Bathgate 's first name as Andrew .
This has been corrected .
Your project schedule says that you will get 2 more team members this week and 3 more next month .
How do you integrate them into the team ?
How do you bring them on board ?
How do you avoid slowdowns ?
In a word you ca n’t avoid the slowdown – adding new people to the project will slow the existing team down .
On any project it will take from 2 - 4 months for the team to integrate a new person and recover from the slowdown :
The person will need to be trained :
In your code base , how your application works , what coding style is , how you application works , …
This person will disrupt the Teams Formation ( see Tuckman ’s model of team formation ) – this is an especially important cost when the team has already reached the performing stage .
This happens because the new person alters communication paths and will force people to renegotiate relationships around the entire team .
team .
The person will be a drag on the team requiring support to learn new tasks .
The person will increase the communication complexity ( i.e. the number of communication paths ) within the team .
All of this leads us to discover Brook ’s law : “ adding manpower to a late software project makes it later ” ( from the Mythical Man Month 1975 , reprinted in 1995 ) .
The physics of people has n’t changed in 35 years .
So what can you do to solve this problem ?
Say no – if its too late in the project – in many cases 4 - 5 months before release is too late .
Ca n’t say no consider what Project Udall ( Surviving Object - Oriented Projects Alistair Cockburn , p20 ) did :
Halt the big project , start a small project and add only the people who can contribute to its success to the new project .
While its expensive to have people sitting idle , it may be cheaper than having them slow the project down .
Bring on all the new people at once so at least you pay the costs once in the life of the project as opposed one person at a time .
Create a new team staffed by the new people with one or two old timers .
They wo n’t get very much done for a while , but at least they get in the way of the others .
Get them to help with the exploratory testing , with the focus being the stories that are being written in that Sprint of iteration .
Ask them to write or refactor some automated acceptance tests .
Get them to read and write Unit tests – start by reading existing Unit tests , after all these should explain the code .
If they ’re not already Good Unit Tests then take the time to improve .
If they ’re good then do some small refactorings in the main code base – after you can trust your tests ca n’t you 🙂
Ask them to pair with another developer
Just remember adding more people to a project is a way of slowing your project down .
Image by senivpetro via Freepik
Shannon ( the secretary ) has lost her cat and has asked David ( the graphic designer ) to help with a lost poster .
This is their email correspondence …
Read from top to bottom ….
From : Shannon Walkley
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 9.15 am
To : David Thorne
Subject : Poster
Hi
I opened the screen door yesterday and my cat got out and has been missing since then so I was wondering if you are not to busy you could make a poster for me .
It has to be A4 and I will photocopy it and put it around my suburb this afternoon .
This is the only photo of her I have she answers to the name Missy and is black and white and about 8 months old .
missing on Harper street and my phone number .
Thanks Shan .
From : David Thorne
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 9.26am
To : Shannon Walkley
Subject : Re : Poster
Dear Shannon ,
That is shocking news .
Luckily I was sitting down when I read your email and not half way up a ladder or tree .
How are you holding up ?
I am surprised you managed to attend work at all what with thinking about Missy out there cold , frightened and alone … possibly lying on the side of the road , her back legs squashed by a vehicle , calling out " Shannon , where are you ? "
Although I have two clients expecting completed work this afternoon , I will , of course , drop everything and do whatever it takes to facilitate the speedy return of Missy .
Regards , David .
From : Shannon Walkley
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 9.37am
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Poster
yeah ok thanks .
I know you dont like cats but I am really worried about mine .
I have to leave at 1 pm today .
From : David Thorne
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 10.17am
To : Shannon Walkley
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Poster
Dear Shannon ,
I never said I do n’t like cats .
Once , having been invited to a party , I went clothes shopping beforehand and bought a pair of expensive G - Star boots .
They were two sizes too small but I wanted them so badly I figured I could just wear them without socks and cut my toenails very short .
As the party was only a few blocks from my place , I decided to walk .
After the first block , I lost all feeling in my feet .
Arriving at the party , I stumbled into a guy named Steven , spilling Malibu & coke onto his t- shirt , and he punched me .
An hour or so after the incident , Steven sat down in a chair already occupied by a cat .
The surprised cat clawed and snarled causing Steven to leap out of the chair , slip on a rug and strike his forehead onto the corner of a speaker ; resulting in a two inch open gash .
In its shock , the cat also defecated , leaving Steven with a foul stain down the back of his beige cargo pants .
I liked that cat .
Attached poster as requested .
Regards , David .
From : Shannon Walkley
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 10.24am
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Poster
yeah thats not what I was looking for at all .
it looks like a movie and how come the photo of Missy is so small ?
From : David Thorne
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 10.28am
To : Shannon Walkley
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Poster
Dear Shannon ,
It ’s a design thing .
The cat is lost in the negative space .
Regards , David .
From : Shannon Walkley
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 10.33am
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Poster
Thats just stupid .
Can you do it properly please ?
I am extremely emotional over this and was up all night in tears .
you seem to think it is funny .
Can you make the photo bigger please and fix the text and do it in colour please .
Thanks .
From : David Thorne
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 10.46am
To : Shannon Walkley
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Poster
Dear Shannon ,
Having worked with designers for a few years now , I would have assumed you understood , despite our vague suggestions otherwise , we do not welcome constructive criticism .
I do n’t come downstairs and tell you how to send text messages , log onto Facebook and look out of the window .
I am willing to overlook this faux pas due to you no doubt being preoccupied with thoughts of Missy attempting to make her way home across busy intersections or being trapped in a drain as it slowly fills with water .
I spent three days down a well once but that was just for fun .
I have amended and attached the poster as per your instructions .
Regards , David .
From : Shannon Walkley
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 10.59am
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Poster
This is worse than the other one .
can you make it so it shows the whole photo of Missy and delete the stupid text that says missing missy off it ?
I just want it to say Lost .
From : David Thorne
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 11.14am
To : Shannon Walkley
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Poster
From : Shannon Walkley
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 11.21am
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Poster
yeah can you do the poster or not ?
I just want a photo and the word lost and the telephone number and when and where she was lost and her name .
Not like a movie poster or anything stupid .
I have to leave early today .
If it was your cat I would help you .
Thanks .
From : David Thorne
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 11.32am
To : Shannon Walkley
Subject : Awww
Dear Shannon ,
I do n’t have a cat .
I once agreed to look after a friend ’s cat for a week but after he dropped it off at my apartment and explained the concept of kitty litter , I kept the cat in a closed cardboard box in the shed and forgot about it .
If I wanted to feed something and clean faeces , I would n’t have put my mother in that home after her stroke .
A week later , when my friend came to collect his cat , I pretended that I was not home and mailed the box to him .
Apparently I failed to put enough stamps on the package and he had to collect it from the post office and pay eighteen dollars .
He still goes on about that sometimes , people need to learn to let go .
I have attached the amended version of your poster as per your detailed instructions .
Regards , David .
From : Shannon Walkley
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 11.47am
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Awww
Thats not my cat .
where did you get that picture from ?
That cat is orange .
I gave you a photo of my cat .
From : David Thorne
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 11.58am
To : Shannon Walkley
Subject : Re : Re : Awww
I know , but that one is cute .
As Missy has quite possibly met any one of several violent ends , it is possible you might get a better cat out of this .
If anybody calls and says " I have n’t seen your orange cat but I did find a black and white one with its hind legs run over by a car , do you want it ? " you can politely decline and save yourself a costly veterinarian bill .
I knew someone who had a basset hound that had its hind legs removed after an accident and it had to walk around with one of those little buggies with wheels .
If it had been my dog I would have asked for all its legs to be removed and replaced with wheels and had a remote control installed .
I could charge neighbourhood kids for rides and enter it in races .
If I did the same with a horse I could drive it to work .
I would call it Steven .
Regards , David .
From : Shannon Walkley
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 12.07pm
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Awww
Please just use the photo I gave you .
From : David Thorne
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 12.22pm
To : Shannon Walkley
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Awww
From : Shannon Walkley
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 12.34pm
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Awww
I didnt say there was a reward .
I dont have $ 2000 dollars .
What did you even put that there for ?
Apart from that it is perfect can you please remove the reward bit .
Thanks Shan .
From : David Thorne
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 12.42pm
To : Shannon Walkley
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Awww
From : Shannon Walkley
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 12.51 pm
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Awww
Can you just please take the reward bit off altogether ?
I have to leave in ten minutes and I still have to make photocopies of it .
From : David Thorne
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 12.56 pm
To : Shannon Walkley
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Awww
From : Shannon Walkley
Date : Monday 21 June 2010 1.03 pm
To : David Thorne
Subject : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Re : Awww
Fine .
That will have to do .
Microsoft has revealed that the now defunct 3D Realms ’ side - scrolling title Duke Nukem : Manhattan Project is heading for an Xbox Live Arcade release .
The title , originally released in 2002 for PC , offers 24 levels of single - player action spanning from the depths of Chinatown to the depths of Space , with lots of weapons , baddies and boss monsters in tow as well .
No release date or pricing has been announced as of yet , but looks like we ’ll be hearing about it soon .
From the Xbox Live page description :
Duke Nukem is back in Duke Nukem Manhattan Project™ !
New York City is being overrun by a mutant menace and it ’s time to de-worm the Big Apple .
This explosive 3 - D action game features the politically incorrect action hero defending the city that never sleeps , and its babes , from the evil Mech Morphix across 24 levels from Chinatown to Space .
A super - sized collection of weapons , enemies and bosses await .
As Duke would say , “ Babes , bullets , bombs .
Man , I love this job ! ”
Pharmacists and the medications are elevated above the customers to create a physical barrier between them and the customers who may have substance abuse problems .
Narcotics , barbituates , benzo - diezapenes , opiates , sleeping pills , stimulants , depressants uppers , downers and all arounders have to be kept out of sight and out of reach .
The road forward for systemd
Did you know ...?
LWN . net is a subscriber - supported publication ; we rely on subscribers to keep the entire operation going .
Please help out by buying a subscription and keeping LWN on the net .
At the end of April , Lennart Poettering announced the initial availability of systemd , a new system initialization and session management daemon .
This announcement caused a bit of surprise and concern for those who did n't know it was coming .
Lennart 's work with PulseAudio remains a bit of a difficult memory for some users ( though it seems to be working well for most people now ) , and some people had thought that the initialization problem was solved with the growing adoption of upstart .
Systemd is a different approach , though , which may yet prove sufficiently compelling to motivate another big change .
There are many new features in systemd , but the core change is a concept stolen from the MacOS launchd daemon - and from others that came before launchd .
There are ( at least ) two ways to ensure that a service is available when it is needed : ( 1 ) try to keep track of all other services which may need it and be sure to start things in the right order , or ( 2 ) just wait until somebody tries to connect to the service and start it on demand .
Traditional Linux init systems - and upstart too - use the first approach .
Systemd , instead , goes for the second .
Rather than concern itself with dependencies , it simply creates the sockets that system daemons will use to communicate with their clients .
When a connection request arrives on a specific socket , the associated daemon will be started .
This approach simplifies the system configuration process because there is no longer any need to worry about dependencies between services .
It holds out the promise of a faster bootstrap process because nothing is started before it is actually needed ( plus a fair amount of other work has been done to improve boot time ) .
The systemd approach to managing daemons allows a fair amount of boilerplate code to be removed , at least under the difficult assumption that the daemon no longer needs to work with other initialization systems .
Lennart clearly thinks that it is a better way to manage system processes , and a number of others seem to agree .
That said , there are some obstacles to the widespread adoption of systemd by distributors .
To begin with , a number of them are just now beginning to use upstart in its native mode ; the idea of jumping into another transition is not necessarily all that appealing .
Daemons must be patched to work optimally with systemd ; otherwise the socket - based activation scheme is not available .
The patching is a relatively simple task , but it must be done with a number of daemons and the result accepted back upstream .
There are also concerns about how well some types of services ( CUPS was mentioned ) will work under systemd , but Lennart seems to think there will not be troubles there .
Another area of concern , strangely enough , is the use of control groups ( cgroups ) by systemd .
Cgroups are a Linux - specific feature initially created for use with containers ; they allow the grouping of processes under the control of one or more modules which can restrict their behavior .
Systemd uses cgroups to track daemon processes that it has created ; they allow these processes to be monitored even if they use the familiar daemon tricks for detaching themselves from their parents .
So if systemd is told to shut down Apache , it can do a thorough job of it - even to the point of cleaning up leftovers of rogue CGI scripts and such .
Cgroups would also make it easy for system administrators to set up specialized sandboxes for daemons to run in .
The problem there is that there is no easy way for systemd to pick up a cgroup setup already created by somebody else ; there is no transparent inheritance for cgroups now .
So Lennart is asking for that type of inheritance to be added .
Beyond that , though , some people have concerns about the use of cgroups in the first place .
Peter Zijlstra worries about adding yet another feature which must be built into the kernel for the system to even boot .
The Debian community does not like the use of the " debug " group , which is not currently configured into its kernels .
Systemd may eventually get a more appropriately - named cgroup subsystem for its use , but it is not going to work without the cgroup feature at all .
So people wanting to boot systems with systemd will need to have cgroups built in .
Lennart has this message for people who do n't like that :
Next time something is added to the kernel please mark it as " Hey , please do n't use it , this is only here so that you do n't use it .
Thanks ! "
Maybe then dumb-ass folks like me will notice and refrain from using it .
There are also claims that work on systemd is primarily motivated by antipathy toward Ubuntu and , especially , its copyright assignment policies .
There can only be a bit of truth in some of that ; hearing early talk about the work which became systemd is part of what inspired this article on assignment policies back in October .
That said , Lennart insists that the motivations behind systemd are technical , and he asks that it be judged on its technical merits .
So where do things stand with regard to adoption of systemd ?
There is an intent to package bug filed for Debian ; the packager plans to make it easy to switch between sysvinit and systemd at boot time .
; the packager plans to make it easy to switch between sysvinit and systemd at boot time .
Lennart plans to have a systemd package ready for Fedora 14 , saying " whether we can have it as default is to be seen " .
Given that the Fedora 14 cycle has already begun , even thinking about adding a change that fundamental as the default seems ambitious .
So it may be a hard sell , but Lennart would like to see it : " It would certainly be a shame though if other distros would ship systemd by default before we do . "
14 , saying " " .
Given that the Fedora 14 cycle has already begun , even thinking about adding a change that fundamental as the default seems ambitious .
So it may be a hard sell , but Lennart would like to see it : " " Gentoo has an experimental systemd package available , but it has not found its way into the main distribution yet .
has an experimental systemd package available , but it has not found its way into the main distribution yet .
openSUSE is apparently ( according to Lennart 's original announcement ) discussing it internally , but , as is often the case with openSUSE , there is no public indication that it is being considered .
is apparently ( according to Lennart 's original announcement ) discussing it internally , but , as is often the case with openSUSE , there is no public indication that it is being considered .
Ubuntu seems unlikely to consider a change anytime soon .
Advertisements
It was a bonzo gonzo crazy fest on FNC ’s Hannity recently as Ted Nugent showed up and blasted the Obama administration as spitting in the face of average Americans .
Nugent said , “ Then they see an administration that is spitting on the US Constitution , the Ten Commandments , the Bill of Rights and the Golden Rule . ”
Media Matters :
Advertisements
Nugent said , “ Everybody I hang with the ranchers , the farmers , the cops , the teachers , everybody I hang with , they got an alarm clock .
They get up they put their heart and soul into the being the very best they can be .
They want to be an asset to their families , their neighborhood .
They want to be the best they can be .
They want to be productive members of society , and then they see an administration that is spitting on the US Constitution , the Ten Commandments , the Bill of Rights and the Golden Rule , so we the tea parties , we the people who are speaking up , I ’m gonna quote my hero Dr. Martin Luther King , we who engage in non violent direct action are not the cause of tension , but rather bring it to the surface a tension that already exists .
That ’s the job of we the people to be watchdogs and whistleblowers .
The government works for us .
They ’re absolutely out of control .
The Tea Party , and what you stand for Sean , and I stand for , one big a-word , accountability .
That ’s our money , at least be honest and accountable . ”
Ted Nugent has now become a non violent pacifist , but this video demonstrates otherwise :
In case you could not understand the audio , Nugent said , “ I was in Chicago last week I said — Hey Obama , you might want to suck on one of these you punk ?
Obama , he ’s a piece of shit and I told him to suck on one of my machine guns …
Let ’s hear it for them .
I was in NY and I said hey Hillary — you might want to ride one of these into the sunset you worthless bitch …
Since I ’m in California , I ’m gonna find - she might wanna suck on my machine gun !
Hey , Dianne Feinstein , ride one of these you worthless whore .
Any questions ?
Freeeeedom ! ”
Nugent is one to talk about accountability , when he has no semblance of it in his own life .
The same man who was sitting with Sean Hannity discussing accountability once had to be hauled into court because he was a deadbeat dad who refused to support his illegitimate child , or how about Nugent admitting that he is a coward , who chickened his way out of serving his country in Vietnam ?
There is an a -word that comes to mind when I think of Ted Nugent , and it is n’t accountability .
I can also think of an h - word , hypocrite .
Much like all of the other right wingers , Nugent is outraged that Obama is taking away God and freedom , yet he ca n’t name any freedoms that have been taken away or any instance where God has been lost .
Ted Nugent ’s little rant to Sean Hannity gives us a chance to point out that the Tea Party is nothing new .
The same things that Nugent said about Obama were said about Bill Clinton in the 1990s , Ted Kennedy in the 1980s , Jimmy Carter in the 1970s , heck some of these things were even said about John F. Kennedy in the 1960s , and before him , FDR .
The only thing more outdated than this rhetoric is Ted Nugent ’s set list .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Red Bull Racing boss Christian Horner has revealed that Mark Webber asked for Sebastian Vettel to ' back off ' from him the lap before their collision in the Turkish Grand Prix .
Vettel was attempting to pass Webber for the lead approaching the final corners on lap 41 of the race when contact between them left Vettel with race - ending damage and dropped Webber from first to third - handing McLaren a one - two .
Although Webber had led the race from the outset , Vettel closed on him just prior to the crash and , in an exclusive interview with AUTOSPORT , Horner said Webber had radioed the team asking if Vettel could ease off - a request Red Bull was unwilling to allow with the McLarens of Lewis Hamilton and Jenson Button close behind .
" It was quite clear that with the speed advantage the McLarens had on the straight , it was impossible to fall back into them , " Horner told AUTOSPORT .
" Mark had requested the lap before to ask Sebastian to back off a bit .
There was no way you could do that because of the McLarens being right there . "
Horner acknowledged that Vettel had the faster pace at the time of the incident .
" It looked like Mark started to struggle with the rear tyres a bit more - that 's what it looked like on the pit wall , " said Horner .
" And Sebastian , between laps 38 and 39 , really closed up rapidly to the back of Mark , obviously got a run on him on lap 40 and they both found themselves in a situation they did n't want to be in . "
He remains confident that the crash has not done irrevocable damage to the intra-team relationship .
" We 're fortunate that both our guys are mature , balanced individuals , " Horner said .
" Obviously emotions were running high on Sunday , but they 're both professionals .
" They are probably not going to be down the pub for a drink together , but they will continue to work professionally in the manner that they have done in the forthcoming races .
They work for the team at the end of the day and they know what the rules are . "
Many of us checked out of metal in the '90s .
For some , tastes changed .
For others , metal did n't offer enough .
' 80 s thrash greats served up weak albums , death metal ascended rapidly but burned out just as quickly , grunge reigned supreme , and the century ended with metal in a kind of dark ages .
That 's the conventional wisdom , anyway .
I 'll argue that while metal may have declined commercially during that time , it did not decline artistically .
It went underground and stratified , which meant lower sales .
But there was a hell of a lot going on then .
In the ' 80s , there were fewer bands and fewer kinds of metal .
It was easier to be " big " .
The '90s brought one of metal 's major subgenre splits : death vs. black metal .
Those in turn split into countless sub - subgenres , each with its own fanbase .
The Big Four of Thrash are probably the last metal bands that can fill stadiums .
We should define exactly when metal 's " dark ages " occurred .
I 'll argue that it took place from 1994 to 2003 .
I say 1994 because that year brought three records that were very negatively influential : Korn 's self - titled debut , Pantera 's Far Beyond Driven , and Machine Head 's Burn My Eyes .
Those records are defensible to various degrees , and perhaps even considered classics .
But we 're still paying for the sins of bands influenced by those records .
They led to groove metal and nu-metal , the latter of which gets the most blame for the dark ages of metal .
. . .
. . .
Nu-metal was just one of a host of abominations during metal 's dark ages .
That time period also had :
Blaze Bayley - era Iron Maiden
Ripper Owens - era Judas Priest
Post - Dave Lombardo Slayer
Post - Max Cavalera Sepultura ; pre-Marc Rizzo Soulfly
Tons of crap by Metallica , Queensrÿche , Overkill , and early '90s death metal greats
Rise of symphonic black metal
Mortician
. . .
. . .
But a lot of good ( depending on whom you ask ; Fenriz would disagree ) things happened during metal 's dark ages :
Second wave of black metal
Transition out of black metal by bands like Enslaved , Satyricon , Ulver , etc .
Gothenburg melodic death metal ( also very negatively influential , however )
Rise of technical death metal
Incredibly fertile period for Devin Townsend and Strapping Young Lad
Peak , arguably , for grindcore ( Nasum , Discordance Axis )
Late - '90s Boston hardcore scene ( Converge , Cave In , Isis ) , leading to mathcore , post- metal , etc .
I 'll argue that metal 's " dark ages " ended in 2003 because 2004 was such a monumental year for metal .
But it 's not like 2003 was bad , and some switch flipped so that 2004 was great .
As discussed above , movements occurred during the dark ages that built up to 2004 being a watershed year .
. . .
. . .
Consider what happened in 2004 :
Peak of metalcore , with Lamb of God 's Ashes of the Wake , Shadows Fall 's The War Within , Killswitch Engage 's The End of Heartache , and Unearth 's The Oncoming Storm
Strong comebacks by Megadeth ( The System Has Failed ) and Exodus ( Tempo of the Damned )
Relapse 's dream year : Mastodon 's Leviathan , Pig Destroyer 's Terrifyer , The Dillinger Escape Plan 's Miss Machine .
Those , combined with Isis ' Panopticon and Converge 's You Fail Me , laid the groundwork for Decibel magazine
Landmark death metal records by Behemoth ( Demigod ) and Arsis ( A Celebration of Guilt ) ; out of nowhere , Cannibal Corpse step up their game ( The Wretched Spawn ) , a rejuvenation that continues today ; Willowtip Records comes into its own by releasing Arsis , Alarum , Crowpath , and more
Your black metal album of the decade , Deathspell Omega 's Si Monumentum Requires , Circumspice
These were certainly artistic triumphs .
But more importantly , they were commercial successes .
Metalcore saved real metal commercially by providing new marquee names after nu-metal , and thus infusing audiences with new blood .
( Hipster metal has this effect nowadays . )
The more people that buy albums and go to shows , the more money there is in metal 's economy .
The money trickles down ;
Slayer take an up - and - coming Mastodon on the road ; after Mastodon get big , they take an up - and - coming Kylesa on the road , and so on .
Metal might have seemed dark for a while , since the stars of the ' 80s did n't shine as brightly .
But what happened was that they burned out , and many smaller stars took their place .
Grunge had nothing to do with it .
( A lot of grunge was basically metal in different clothes , anyway . )
The Internet was n't booming then , and information was scarce .
Tape trading and physical ' zines meant much more then .
I did n't know of the church burnings in Norway because I was n't reading the right publications .
But now the Internet would know , probably in real time .
( " RT @vargvk : Burn baby burn " )
With so much access to information now , metal probably wo n't have another dark ages again .
Ironically , though , the danger is that it will get washed out in a sea of bright light and no contrast .
Jupiter has been whacked again .
An amateur astronomer in Australia peering at the giant gas planet Thursday reported witnessing a bright flash from an object hitting the Jovian surface and apparently burning up in the atmosphere .
Anthony Wesley , a computer programmer with a good reputation among professional astronomers , reported the cosmic collision to professional and amateur sky - gazers .
The discovery was later confirmed by another amateur astronomer in the Philippines .
" When I saw the flash , I could n't believe it , " said Wesley .
" The fireball lasted about two seconds and was very bright . "
Wesley gained fame last year when he spotted a scar the size of the Pacific Ocean near Jupiter 's south pole , believed to have been caused by an asteroid smacking into the planet .
Using an infrared telescope on Hawaii , NASA scientists found evidence that Jupiter was apparently struck near its south pole .
The latest hit near the equator has not left any visible mark so far , but astronomers are on the lookout .
The absence of a detectable gash and the short impact time have led scientists to believe Jupiter was likely struck by a meteor .
" We 've never seen a meteor slam into Jupiter , " said Glenn Orton of NASA 's Jet Propulsion Laboratory .
The latest collision should give astronomers a better idea of the size of debris floating in the outer solar system .
In 1994 , Jupiter was bombarded by pieces of the comet Shoemaker - Levy 9 .
WASHINGTON - The Department of Justice challenged the state of Arizona ’s recently passed immigration law , S.B. 1070 , in federal court today .
In a brief filed in the District of Arizona , the Department said S.B. 1070 unconstitutionally interferes with the federal government ’s authority to set and enforce immigration policy , explaining that “ the Constitution and federal law do not permit the development of a patchwork of state and local immigration policies throughout the country . ”
A patchwork of state and local policies would seriously disrupt federal immigration enforcement .
Having enacted its own immigration policy that conflicts with federal immigration law , Arizona “ crossed a constitutional line . ”
The Department ’s brief said that S.B. 1070 will place significant burdens on federal agencies , diverting their resources away from high - priority targets , such as aliens implicated in terrorism , drug smuggling , and gang activity , and those with criminal records .
The law ’s mandates on Arizona law enforcement will also result in the harassment and detention of foreign visitors and legal immigrants , as well as U.S. citizens , who cannot readily prove their lawful status .
In declarations filed with the brief , Arizona law enforcement officials , including the Chiefs of Police of Phoenix and Tucson , said that S.B. 1070 will hamper their ability to effectively police their communities .
The chiefs said that victims of or witnesses to crimes would be less likely to contact or cooperate with law enforcement officials and that implementation of the law would require them to reassign officers from critical areas such as violent crimes , property crimes , and home invasions .
The Department filed the suit after extensive consultation with Arizona officials , law enforcement officers and groups , and civil rights advocates .
The suit was filed on behalf of the Department of Justice , the Department of Homeland Security , and the Department of State , which share responsibilities in administering federal immigration law .
“ Arizonans are understandably frustrated with illegal immigration , and the federal government has a responsibility to comprehensively address those concerns , ” Attorney General Holder said .
“ But diverting federal resources away from dangerous aliens such as terrorism suspects and aliens with criminal records will impact the entire country ’s safety .
Setting immigration policy and enforcing immigration laws is a national responsibility .
Seeking to address the issue through a patchwork of state laws will only create more problems than it solves . ”
“ With the strong support of state and local law enforcement , I vetoed several similar pieces of legislation as Governor of Arizona because they would have diverted critical law enforcement resources from the most serious threats to public safety and undermined the vital trust between local jurisdictions and the communities they serve , ” Department of Homeland Security Secretary Janet Napolitano said .
“ We are actively working with members of Congress from both parties to comprehensively reform our immigration system at the federal level because this challenge cannot be solved by a patchwork of inconsistent state laws , of which this is one .
While this bipartisan effort to reform our immigration system progresses , the Department of Homeland Security will continue to enforce the laws on the books by enhancing border security and removing criminal aliens from this country . ”
The Department has requested a preliminary injunction to enjoin enforcement of the law , arguing that the law ’s operation will cause irreparable harm .
“ Arizona impermissibly seeks to regulate immigration by creating an Arizona - specific immigration policy that is expressly designed to rival or supplant that of the federal government .
As such , Arizona ’s immigration policy exceeds a state ’s role with respect to aliens , interferes with the federal government ’s balanced administration of the immigration laws , and critically undermines U.S. foreign policy objectives .
S.B. 1070 does not simply seek to provide legitimate support to the federal government ’s immigration policy , but instead creates an unprecedented independent immigration scheme that exceeds constitutional boundaries , ” the Department said in its brief .
Download the Supporting Documents :
Complaint Filed ( PDF )
Arizona PI Brief ( PDF )
Declaration of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Executive Associate Director for Management and Administration Daniel Ragsdale ( PDF )
Declaration of U.S. Customs and Border Protection Deputy Commissioner David Aguilar ( PDF )
Declaration of U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement Law Enforcement Support Center Unit Chief David Palmatier ( PDF )
Declaration of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Records Division Chief Dominick Gentile ( PDF )
Declaration of U.S. Department of Homeland Security Deputy Assistant Secretary for International Policy and the current Acting Assistant Secretary for International Affairs Mariko Silver ( PDF )
Declaration of Senior Advisor to the Director of U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services Michael Aytes ( PDF )
Declaration of T ucson Police Department Chief Roberto Villasenor ( PDF )
Declaration of Phoenix Police Department Chief Jack Harris ( PDF )
Declaration of Santa Cruz County , Ariz. , Sheriff Tony Estrada ( PDF )
To further promotion chances Jen becomes the firm 's entertainment manager and is asked to accommodate three of Douglas 's business associates , John , John and Phil .
She plans to take them to a show but Roy points out that they want sexual entertainment and likens Jen to Fredo , the pimp in ' The Godfather ' films .
In the event the trio are heartily entertained by Moss 's new ' Dungeons and Dragons ' game and , at the same time , Douglas receives the Shithead of the Year award from the feminist committee , having been nominated by Jen .
He throws it out of the window , narrowly missing Jen , who assumes he is trying to kill her , given the fate of Fredo in the film .
Written by don @ minifie - 1
How to Avoid Being a DNS Hijack Victim
There are a lot of bad guys out there , and many of them know that the Domain Name System represents both a viable attack vector and , in terms of control over a domain name , an opportunity to grab a highly valuable prize .
On many networks , DNS can be a bottleneck for denial of service attacks or a single point of failure ripe for social engineering .
Attackers know that if they can control or impair their target 's DNS , they achieve absolute leverage over their victim .
No organization is too big to avoid becoming the victim of an attack against their DNS or domain name , whether it be a cache poisoning attack along the lines of the Kaminsky bug , a socially engineered hijacking of name server records , or a straightforward brute - force DDoS ( Distributed Denial of Service ) .
For example , Twitter , with its 100 million users , was taken offline by a gang calling itself the Iranian Cyber Army last December , after the attackers somehow managed to take over the microblogging site 's DNS records and point twitter.com to an IP address they controlled .
Some major domain name registrars have also been subject to claims of lapses in security , with poor authentication practices allowing criminals to hijack high - profile domains .
In addition , DDoS attacks against registrars ' name server infrastructures have , in recent years , caused poor performance or downtime for millions of website owners .
There are many ways DNS can be vulnerable , but there are also many ways enterprises can reinforce their DNS architecture to make it more resilient against both brute force attacks and fraud .
Below , I ’ve prescribed a just a few things that your organization can do to ensure that you have a better defense prepared for your DNS .
Deploy DNSSEC
DNS cache poisoning is among the most disturbing forms of network attack , undermining the very foundation of trust upon which the Internet is built .
By injecting false addressing data into DNS resolvers , attackers can siphon user traffic away from legitimate websites and e-mail inboxes to their own servers .
What 's worse , a well - executed cache poisoning attack would leave few clues to its existence .
While the victim might notice a lack of traffic , end users would carry on believing they were reaching their intended destination , and disclose sensitive information such as passwords .
The potential for criminal abuse is staggering .
Domain Name System Security Extensions ( DNSSEC ) , the security standard for DNS , substantially mitigates the risk of successful cache poisoning attacks .
The standard enables domain name owners to cryptographically sign their domains ' zones , giving resolvers the ability to validate that the DNS answers they receive come from the authoritative sources and have not been manipulated in transit .
In 2010 , DNSSEC has finally arrived , after years of development .
Just last week , ICANN , VeriSign , and the NTIA completed the signing of the DNS root zone .
Today , anyone with a .org domain is able to start using DNSSEC through participating domain name registrars such as Go Daddy or NamesBeyond .
And by early next year , enterprises may be able to sign their .com and .net zones .
DNSSEC is no longer something your organization will hear about as a “ future initiative . ”
It is now baked into the very infrastructure of the Internet and available for you to use today to improve the security of your domain names and your interactions with customers across the Web .
Make your DNS infrastructure more resilient
Many organizations are well aware of the need to provision their website infrastructure for performance and reliability in the face of the risk of DDoS attacks .
Many deploy mirror websites in multiple locations or offload some of the heavy lifting to content delivery networks .
Unfortunately , the need for equally reliable DNS is sometimes overlooked , even though it is the sole mechanism by which users access Web resources and , often times , represents a single point of failure on your network .
Set a service - level agreement for your DNS resolution , even if you manage it in - house , and lower the risk of downtime by introducing more diversity into the architecture of your DNS .
DNS should never be the weak link in your security chain , so reduce its exposure to DDoS attacks and zero - day vulnerability exploitation by distributing resolvers to multiple networks , on multiple power grids , using diverse hardware and software .
Ensure that your DNS providers have enough capacity to withstand the largest DDoS attacks ( recently > 49 Gbps ) , and make sure you know who to call if you do come under attack .
Monitoring your DNS traffic is also vital .
You cannot defend against an attack you know nothing about , so it 's crucial to implement systems or subscribe to services that send alerts when unusual DNS activity is detected .
If your network does come under a DDoS attack , you 'll want to know about it as soon as possible in order to quickly work with your upstream providers to have the malicious traffic blocked or sink - holed as close to the source as possible .
Demand strong password and user role management
As Twitter discovered to its detriment , a simple username and password can be the difference between Web users seeing your site , or the site of an attacker .
If a password is all that is required to access your DNS management interface , it 's advisable to have strong password management policies and to use providers that can help to enforce them .
It ’s better to ensure that access to your DNS management is behind IP restrictions and that you vary permissions of your user accounts so more than one person is required to suspend or remove compromised accounts .
Everybody knows that passwords should be long and diverse enough to withstand guesswork and dictionary attacks .
If possible , seek providers that offer multi-factor authentication , offer one - time password tokens , and have lock - out systems in place to prevent script attacks .
It should go without saying that passwords should never be stored in clear text , either in the enterprise or with your provider .
It may seem trivial , but DNS administrators should never use an e-mail address provided by a third - party webmail service such as Hotmail or GMail for their important , corporate login and contact details .
These types of service are under constant attack by criminals and their integrity is beyond your control .
If an attacker can take over a webmail account used in managing DNS , the domains themselves are as good as compromised .
Indeed , it is also unwise to entrust DNS management functions to a single individual .
There 's nothing quite as dangerous to a company 's IT infrastructure as a disgruntled former employee with root administrator or superuser passwords .
Access to your DNS management interface should be considered as important as a root password on a mission - critical server , and administrator privileges should be safeguarded accordingly .
In short , a domain name that consistently and reliably resolves to the correct address is a cornerstone of your organization ’s online identity and , in many cases , revenue .
While there are many ways that reliability can be compromised , it is your responsibility to treat your DNS systems as you would any other major piece of your corporate infrastructure .
These tips above give you a good starting point to creat your DNS security policies and deploy best practices .
Reddit Share 0 Shares
A new way of surveying microbes for the metals they contain reveals that biologists have been relying on the equivalent of a 15th century map of the world .
It turns out that there are many more metal - containing proteins in microbes than previously recognized .
This means the microbial world boasts a broader and more diverse array of metal - driven chemical processes than scientists have imagined .
In fact , most have yet to be discovered , according to a first - of - its - kind survey of the metals in three microbes conducted by scientists from the U.S. Department of Energy ’s Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory in collaboration with scientists at the University of Georgia .
Their research will help chart a more complete understanding of the far - reaching roles of microbial metals in biology and the Earth ’s climate .
It could also lead to new ways to harness metal - driven chemical processes to create next - generation biofuels or to clean up environmental contaminants .
Microbes assimilate metals from their environment and incorporate them into proteins in order to power life ’s most important chemical processes , such as photosynthesis , respiration , and DNA repair .
Metal - containing proteins in microbes also helped oxygenate the planet ’s atmosphere billions of years ago , enabling life as we know it , and they continue to play a critical role in the Earth ’s carbon cycle .
But the diversity and extent of microbial metals had eluded scientists until now .
“ This is a huge surprise .
It reveals how naive we are about the wide range of chemistries that microbes do , ” says John Tainer of Berkeley Lab ’s Life Sciences Division and the Scripps Research Institute in La Jolla , CA .
Tainer conducted the research with Michael Adams of the University of Georgia and a team of scientists that includes Steven Yannone and Gary Siuzdak of Berkeley Lab ’s Life Sciences Division .
The scientists report their research July 18 in an advance online publication of the journal Nature .
Using state - of - the - art techniques , the team catalogued the metals in three microbes : one that lives in human intestines , one plucked from a hotspring in Yellowstone National Park , and one that thrives in the near - boiling waters of undersea thermal vents .
They uncovered a microbial world far richer in metals than ever expected .
For example , in the undersea thermal - vent loving microbe , or Pyrococcus furiosus , they found metals such as lead , manganese , and molybdenum that P. furiosus was n’t known to use .
The scientists traced these newfound metals to the proteins that contain them , called metalloproteins .
They discovered four new metalloproteins in the microbe , which increased the number of known metalloproteins in P. furiosus by almost a quarter .
Their discovery also increased the number of nickel - containing enzymes in all of biology from eight to ten .
A similar survey of the other two microbes unearthed additional unexpected metals and new metalloproteins .
Based on this sizeable haul from only three microbes , the team believes that metalloproteins are much more extensive and diverse in the microbial world than scientists realized .
“ We thought we knew most of the metalloproteins out there , ” says Tainer .
“ But it turns out we only know a tiny fraction of them .
We now have to look at microbial genomes with a fresh eye . ”
The team used a first - of - its - kind combination of two techniques to envisage this uncharted microbial landscape .
Biochemical fractionation enabled them to take apart a microbe while keeping its proteins intact and stable , ready to be analyzed in their natural state .
Next , a technology called inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry allowed them to identify extremely low quantities of individual metals in these proteins .
Together , these tools provide a quick tally of the metalloproteins in a microbe .
The current way to discover metalloproteins is much slower .
Simply stated , it involves genetically sequencing a microbe , identifying the proteins encoded by its genes , and structurally characterizing each protein .
“ Standard methods of identifying metalloproteins can take years , ” says Yannone .
“ By directly surveying all microbial proteins for metals we can rapidly identify the majority of metalloproteins within any cell . ”
In addition to gaining a better understanding of the biochemical diversity of microbes , the team ’s new metal - hunting technique could expedite the search for new biochemical capabilities in microbial life that can be harnessed for clean energy development , carbon sequestration , and other applications .
“ If you want to degrade cellulose to make biofuel , and you know the enzymes involved require a specific metal - driven chemistry , then you can use this technique to find those enzymes in microbes , ” says Yannone .
Adds Tainer , “ Knowing that all of these metal - containing proteins are out there , waiting to be found , is kind of like being in a candy store .
We might discover new proteins that we can put to use . ”
The research was funded by the Department of Energy Office of Science .
Berkeley Lab scientists provided the inductively coupled plasma mass spectrometry equipment .
They contributed to the experimental design and data analysis in collaboration with University of Georgia scientists .
Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory provides solutions to the world ’s most urgent scientific challenges including clean energy , climate change , human health , and a better understanding of matter and force in the universe .
It is a world leader in improving our lives and knowledge of the world around us through innovative science , advanced computing , and technology that makes a difference .
Berkeley Lab is a U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) national laboratory managed by the University of California for the DOE Office of Science .
Visit our website .
Additional information :
The paper describing this work , titled , “ Microbial metalloproteomes are largely uncharacterized ” appears in the July 18 , 2010 advance online publication of the journal Nature .
This research is part of the MAGGIE ( Molecular Assemblies , Genes and Genomes Integrated Efficiently ) project supported by Department of Energy .
Our most recent green economy survey shows signs of steady growth in corporate environmental initiatives , a level of optimism that outstrips that of the overall recovering economy , according to the semi-annual “ Green and the Economy ” survey conducted by our GreenBiz Intelligence unit .
The two best pieces of news : Hiring continues to increase and company environmental budgets are growing .
Twice a year , we ask our 3,150 - member GreenBiz Intelligence Panel for their views on key green economic indicators .
Our most recent survey , conducted in late June and early July , garnered 483 responses , with 43 percent from companies with revenues of more than $ 1 billion ( which we define as “ large companies ” ) .
With four such surveys under our belts , we can now see clear trends in the green economy since the beginning of 2009 .
Perhaps the biggest shift since our previous survey , in late 2009 , is that the economic downturn is no longer driving most large companies ’ environmental strategy .
For companies with over $ 1 billion in annual revenue , the economic downturn has taken a backseat to growing customer requirements as the principal driver of corporate environmental strategy .
For smaller firms , the economy still looms large .
Here ’s what our most recent survey found :
The economy is no longer the green driver .
A year ago , when we asked what was influencing companies most in terms of environmental issues , the answer was clear :
It ’s the economy , stupid .
Forty - eight percent of all businesses and 40 percent of large businesses cited the economic downturn as having the single biggest impact on their environmental strategy .
Today , for large businesses , this is no longer the case :
Only 20 percent cite the economy as driving their green agenda , while 35 percent of large companies name customer requirements as having the largest impact and 25 percent identify company leadership as being the main driver .
In fact , company leadership has steadily increased in influence :
In early 2009 , only half as many large companies -- 12 percent -- identified this as the major impact on their environmental strategy .
Smaller firms are still seeing the effects of the economic downturn .
Of those with revenues under $ 1 billion , 47 percent still cite the economic downturn as having the greatest impact on their company in terms of environmental issues .
For all companies , the impacts of carbon regulations as well as energy prices are viewed as negligible .
Spending continues its upward climb .
At this point in 2009 , only 63 percent of large companies said they would spend either the same or more than the previous year on environmental , health , and safety initiatives .
This year , 84 percent of large companies say they are doing so .
And 70 percent of companies with revenues under $ 1 billion report that their 2010 spending will either remain steady or increase over 2009 .
Hiring freezes continue to thaw .
Large companies , in particular , are increasing headcount for environmental and sustainability roles .
In early 2009 , 27 percent of large companies reported hiring freezes and only 8 percent planned to increase headcount for environmental departments .
Today , only 11 percent report hiring freezes and over 28 percent plan to increase headcount , a major swing .
This also represents a significant increase from just six months ago , when 23 percent of the large firms planned to increase headcount .
The news is n’t quite as good for smaller firms : only 20 percent plan to hire for environmental and sustainability roles in the short term .
Energy efficiency remains job one .
Reducing energy use through efficiency measures continues to be the primary environmental initiative for companies of all sizes .
Thirty - four percent of large companies and 26 percent of smaller companies view energy reduction as their most important environmental initiative .
It was a slightly different story six months ago , when 23 percent of those surveyed identified their highest priority initiative to be increasing investments in green product development while 22 percent cited energy efficiency .
This shift does n’t mark a decrease in green product investment , but rather a higher priority focus on cost savings .
Where large and smaller companies differ in terms of their key initiatives is their concern about “ keeping green on the agenda . ”
While only 18 percent of large companies are concerned about continuing their green initiatives , 30 percent of smaller companies are trying to make sure green stays on the agenda .
That likely reflects the fact that environmental initiatives have made deeper inroads in larger companies , so are no longer seen as optional or expendable .
Most smaller firms have n’t yet reached this point .
Investments in innovation continue to grow .
One area that has remained steady over the past year and a half is the high level of investments in green product development .
Eighty - five percent of large companies report 2010 investments equal to or greater than last year ’s , a number consistent for each of our previous surveys .
This time , we also asked if companies have a formal strategy for product innovation .
The result : 84 percent of large companies and 82 percent of smaller firms say they do .
Those strategies are more prevalent among smaller firms .
Sixty - nine percent of companies with revenues below $ 1 billion consider green as a key aspect of their innovation strategy , compared to 60 percent of large companies .
We ’ll be taking a deep dive into the intersection of sustainability and innovation at our GreenBiz Innovation Forum , October 19 - 20 in San Francisco .
For now , while the general economy may appear to stagger forward in fits and starts , our research shows a steady forward march in green innovation and investments .
John Davies is vice president of GreenBiz Intelligence , which provides independent and unbiased research regarding green strategies and business operation , and leads the GreenBiz Executive Network , a member - based , peer - to - peer learning forum for sustainability professionals .
Geneticists say Chinese and Tibetans were once one .
The news appears to be welcome to neither side
TO DREAMERS in the West , Tibet is a Shangri - La despoiled by Chinese ruthlessness and rapacity .
To China 's rulers it is a backward kind of place whose former serfs , “ liberated ” by the Communist army , have repaid the favour with ingratitude and even outright “ splittism ” .
But to excited scientists , Tibet is the site of possibly the fastest case of human evolution through natural selection in the history of mankind .
The Tibetan plateau has an altitude of 4,000 metres ( 13,000 feet or two - and - a - half miles ) , where the air has two - fifths less oxygen than at sea level .
When China 's dominant Han come to Tibet , they succumb to altitude sickness and suffer lower birth rates and higher child mortality than locals .
A study led by the Beijing Genomics Institute and published in Science earlier this month identified a particular genetic mutation as a key to Tibetans ' high - altitude adaptability .
Studying contemporary Tibetan and Han populations , the researchers claim that the two ethnic groups were once a single population , divided , they guess , 2,750 years ago , when one lot of splittists — who became Tibetans — moved to the plateau .
There , they say , the mutation that existed in under a tenth of the population spread to nearly nine - tenths — because those with it survived far better than those without .
The particular gene seems to code for a protein involved in making red blood cells and regulating the body 's aerobic and anaerobic metabolism .
So much for the science .
Now for the politics .
Genetics is a minefield given Tibetans ' aspirations to govern themselves .
Not everybody is happy with the notion that Tibetans were Chinese until 2,750 years ago .
For a start , says Robbie Barnett , a prominent scholar and defender of Tibetan culture at Columbia University , most archaeologists agree that the plateau has been settled for much longer than that .
And what 's to say the “ Han ” were not descended from the “ Tibetans ” , rather than the other way around ?
What would be the correct communist term for describing that , Mr Barnett wonders : Meta - Über - Reverse Splittism , perhaps ?
Others respond that a plateau culture predating the migration is in fact compatible with the science .
Genetic change can overlay archaeological or cultural continuity .
For Mr Barnett to dismiss the connections between early Han and Tibetans , says another scholar , is “ just misguided Tibetan primordialism ” .
When it comes to the contentious issue of China 's political and territorial claims on Tibet , the basis of its current repression rests not on a sense of common heritage or shared ancestors but on a sense of legitimacy based on territories historically controlled by the Qing dynasty .
They were Manchus who ruled China from the mid-17th to early 20th centuries and expanded the country 's borders .
The irony is that while the communists cling to the frontiers of the Qing empire , their official history condemns the Qing as feudal , foreign , imperialist and usurping .
Holding to the Qing frontiers calls for some curious historical nomenclature .
Because ethnic Mongolians live within China 's borders today , Genghis Khan is given star billing as a “ national minority ” — yet he never set foot in what was then China , and his offspring conquered the place .
In north - east China lie the archaeological remains of the Koguryo kingdom of 37BC - 668 AD , the fount of Korean culture and myth .
Chinese historians claim them as Chinese .
Scholars and others thus project current political imperatives on to the past , and the notion of “ minorities ” affirms one big , longstanding Chinese family .
In Tibet the narrative is enforced with a few blandishments and many shows of state power .
Like the Qing dynasty , the communists invaded Tibet on a pretext .
Like them , they control the Buddhist religion by claiming a right to select lamas .
Qing precedent , over two centuries old , matters .
Emperor Qianlong sent a golden urn to Lhasa , in which the names of candidates proposed for reincarnation would be placed .
Its later use was fitful .
But in the mid-1990s the urn was brought into service again .
With it the communists chose their own Panchen Lama , the Yellow Hat sect 's second - most - revered reincarnation .
The Dalai Lama 's earlier choice simply vanished .
The boy , his family and the abbot who oversaw his selection have not been seen since .
This month China 's atheist leaders , led by President Hu Jintao , used the occasion of the Dalai Lama 's 75th birthday to say bluntly that only they , with the golden urn , would approve the ageing man 's reincarnation .
Low - altitude sickness
Now the government appears to be gearing up for a big celebration on October 27th of the 60th anniversary of the defeat of the “ rebel ” Tibetan army .
Yet for all China 's propaganda — and the new science suggesting how genetically close the two peoples may be —unity is elusive and “ splittism ” a constant threat .
And now come signs of splits in Chinese circles over Tibet .
Though many Chinese rally to the official line , even harder after anti-Chinese riots in 2008 , others differ .
Before their foundation was closed , some Beijing scholars last year wrote : “ When you can no longer find work in your own land … and realise that your core- value systems are under attack , then the Tibetan people 's panic and sense of crisis is not difficult to understand . ”
Some may dare to hope that such views will , one day , be allowed to be aired in polite company in China .
Meanwhile , Han Chinese flood in their tens of thousands each year on to the Tibetan plateau , making up in numbers what they lack in genetic disposition .
As for Hu Jintao , he was first marked for great things when , as a younger cadre , he was the Communist Party secretary in Tibet .
Little remains in folk memory of that time — except that Mr Hu suffered from high - altitude sickness and ruled Tibet from Beijing .
Economist.com/blogs/banyan
A South African man has been charged with raping a lesbian to try and turn her straight .
The unnamed man appeared before Wynberg Regional Court today , the Sapa news agency reports .
He is not expected to be named until his trial begins and a hearing to set a trial date will be held on July 13th .
A report released in March last year suggested that there was a rise in ‘ corrective rapes ’ and assaults on lesbians in South Africa .
Charity ActionAid said women in Johannesburg and Cape Town were suffering an increase in homophobic attacks and sexual assaults which are seen as a form of punishment or “ cure ” .
Figures suggest there are an estimated 500,000 rapes in South Africa every year and for every 25 men accused of rape in the country , 24 walk free .
The most high - profile victim of corrective rape was Eudy Simelane , a well - known female football and gay rights activist .
She was stabbed to death in April 2008 after being robbed and gang - raped .
Her body was left in a stream .
Themba Mvubu , 24 , from Kwathema , was jailed for life in September 2009 for murder , robbery and being an accessory to the rape .
REYKJAVIK — Jon Gnarr , leader of Iceland 's newest and most offbeat political party , promises various changes if he is elected mayor of Reykjavik : a polar bear for the city 's petting zoo ; palm trees for its icy waterfront ; free towels at its swimming pools ; a rearrangement of statues ; and a commitment to " sustainable transparency . "
These are n't exactly pressing issues for a city reeling from one of the biggest financial meltdowns in history .
And yet , according to polls that have ...
labman said : I am hoping to order my phone in about 10 days !
but keeping a eye on Apple ad the many issues right now !
hmm
Comex is becoming the man !
1 he has the respect of the Dev-team ( I Like ) 2 he is not cocky , ( I like more ! ) I am hoping to order my phone in about 10 days !
but keeping a eye on Apple ad the many issues right now !
hmm Click to expand ...
Hmmm ... I 've read the exact opposite .
From what I know he was either banned or kicked off of the dev team and is seen by the jb community as extremely cocky and usually not good on his word .
I 've even read that he announced a hack for the PSP that is almost 8 months late nowNot saying you are wrong , just that I 've heard the exact opposite ...
However , the iphonehacks.com write up says the opposite of what I 've read , which is fine - I guess I do n't really care , Im just confused about the nature of who is in and who is out - who to trust and so on so forth .
In the old days of JB if you listened to the wrong person you would get stuff on a baseband or firmware for a while , so I guess I 'm still just very conscious of that still
All that to say , Ill believe it when I see it .
( CNN ) -- A European space probe headed toward its next target Sunday after sending back detailed images of an asteroid that scientists hope will increase understanding of how the solar system evolved .
Pictures of the asteroid Lutetia from the Rosetta probe 's deep space fly - by Saturday are some of the most detailed ever taken , the European Space Agency said .
The images , taken while the probe raced by at 15 kilometers ( 9 miles ) per second , show a deeply pockmarked , irregular rock -- possibly left over from the birth of the solar system .
Holger Sierks with the Max Planck Institute for Solar System Research described the asteroid as " a very old object " in a statement Saturday .
" Tonight we have seen a remnant of the solar system 's creation , " he said .
The surface of the asteroid , shaped like a big potato , has deep craters covering its 130 - kilometer length .
The Rosetta craft came within 3,162 km ( 1,965 miles ) of Lutetia , orbiting just beyond Mars .
The probe spent several hours shooting images of the irregular shaped space rock , circling more than 450 million km ( 280 million miles ) out from the sun .
The space agency says its OSIRIS camera was able to capture detail down to just a few dozen meters .
The next stop for the Rosetta spacecraft -- named for the stone that helped decipher Egyptian hieroglyphics -- is comet Churyumov - Gerasimenko .
If all goes according to plan , the probe will intercept the comet in 2014 .
The two will travel in tandem for several months as the comet hurtles from near Jupiter 's orbit toward the Sun , with Rosetta finally touching down on the surface to take samples .
CNN 's Brian Walker contributed to this report .
Thank God .
I have n’t left the bed yet , my head and body hurt , and I can barely see past my nose & I ’ll tell you why .
The Godsend that is Big Mario ’s ( located between 11th & 10th on Pike ) opened last night .
I went with the full intention of taking notes , trying the well liquors , & sampling all of the delicious pies they had available .
That is when things went wrong .
To be fair I did get through 2 slices .
For $ 3.75 , I started off with the potato ( thinly sliced ) & garlic ( whole cloves ) which satisfied every drunken Irish craving I was struck with .
Savory , hot , & in herculean portions , I was pleased .
I ’ve never been one to fold my pizzas in half ( if I wanted a calzone I would ’ve ordered one ) but it proved almost impossible to handle these serving sizes with dignity .
Its hard not to love 18 ″ pies cut into 6 slices .
Its enormous .
Enormous .
When the Rainer tallboy & whiskey shot started rumbling I moved on to the cheese ( $ 2.75 ) , just to test the old standby ( I found it hard to deny myself , you can put the food order on your bar tab & they have some table service ) .
It was everything I was looking for in my state .
And rest assured ( dear reader ) it will be everything you are looking for Thurs - Sat when their street side window service open until 4 AM ( 2 AM otherwise ) .
Maybe Seattle is becoming a real - life big city .
4AM .
This is a good thing ( I ’m looking at you Mr. McGinn ) .
The briefest of displeasures came by way of a spilled drink on a member of our table .
The situation quickly turned golden however , when Jason introduced himself as a co-owner & bought our whole group a generous round of Washington Apples , with which we toasted his name .
I was further charmed not only by the consumables , but the setting .
It reminded me of stepping into the unassuming bars of less self - conscious cities .
The only reminder that I was still in Capitol Hill was a lone velvet painting of a woman clothed only in a leather vest .
It was the subject of joke I can not remember now .
Anyhow , the intimate ( comfortable at 4 people , a little close at 6 ) booths lining the L shape of the place were nice , & there was a generous amount of saddle - up room at the bar .
Which is something I highly value in a drinking establishment .
Having a TV , but only one ( viewable only from the back corner ) was a nice touch as well .
The well liquor choices were lacking a little ( you ’ll have to settle for the saccharine sweetness of McCormicks whiskey if you do n’t want to spring the extra couple bucks ) but it was made up for with a couple decent tap choices ( the noteworthy Lagunitas IPA ) & heavy pours .
However , the final coup de grâce that settled the whole matter came when I realized a very , very exciting thing : for the first time since 2006 I would be able to purchase the sweet nectar known as Olde English 40 oz in the 5.71 sq miles that make up Seattle ’s Alcohol Impact Area .
Despite the prohibition style prices ( 5 $ ) I was , & am , beyond excited about this .
Promptly , I cast aside my responsibilities & got down to business .
After my table & I put down a considerable amount of Olde English I was happy to see a modest tab , despite getting good & drunk as well as disgustingly full .
All in all it was a good kick off to what I hope to be many more nights at Big Mario’s .
All photos by Tim !
Check his work out @ his photoblarrrg .
( WOMENSENEWS )
–When I was a kid , my family and I used to make a parlor game out of the question , " What would life have been like if we had lived a century ago ? "
It always made for an interesting game , so long as we skipped over the fact that most of us would not have made it into the world in those days .
That ’s because my mother and sister most likely would have died in childbirth , preventing my brother from ever even being conceived .
The only offspring with decent odds of existing was me , a girl who would have grown up without a mother or any siblings .
Back in the 1970s , my mom was a young healthy woman–she was training to be a physical education teacher –who was pregnant for the first time with twins .
The problem was , she did n’t know she was carrying twins and neither did her doctor .
Ultrasound was rudimentary back then and the doctor was hardly an expert sonogram reader .
He saw me ( and yes , it had to be me ! ) on that fuzzy black and white screen all those years ago , but missed my sister .
The pregnancy weighed heavily on my mom ’s petite frame and she asked her doctor if she could possibly be having twins .
" No dear , " he simply said .
" You ’re just pregnant , Princess . "
My mom went into labor and delivered me without a problem .
But the doctor was not prepared for the arrival of my sister .
There was no second set of neonatal tools ; there was n’t even the realization that she was on her way .
After I was born , the doctor was preparing to sew up my mother ’s episiotomy when the medical intern who was holding her legs in place ( mom says they did n’t use stirrups then ) turned to the doctor and said something to the effect of : " Stop !
There ’s another one in there ! "
Deprived of Oxygen
The doctor reached in and pulled out my sister , who had been deprived of oxygen for two minutes because her umbilical cord , which was separate from but fused to mine , had detached from the uterine wall .
Since no one had prepared for a second birth , oxygen was not immediately available for my sister .
She spent the first day and a half of her life in the intensive care unit , but made it out alive .
If the intern had n’t notified the doctor , she probably would n’t have survived .
My mother ’s life might have been jeopardized too and I would have lost my best friend .
Four years later , my mother was having another difficult delivery .
My 10ish pound baby brother ’s head got stuck in the birth canal and two doctors had to pry him out with forceps .
My mom could n’t have an epidural because the doctors feared it would stop the contractions and further endanger both of their lives .
Somehow they both made it through that gruesome delivery .
This modern - day happy ending always left us glad that we were born in the 20th century in the United States .
The surprising reality is that not everyone in modern - day America gets a happy ending .
More than two women die every day–every day–during pregnancy and childbirth in the United States , according to Amnesty International .
Low - income , African American and immigrant women suffer disproportionately .
That rate puts us behind 40 other countries , even though we spend more money on health care than any other country in the world .
And our maternal mortality rate is rising .
It climbed to 13.3 deaths per 100,000 births in 2006 from 6.6 deaths in 1987 , according to Amnesty International .
Severe pregnancy - related complications that nearly cause death–called " near misses " –are also trending upward .
Shining an International Spotlight
A global conference on maternal mortality held earlier this month in the nation ’s capital shined an international spotlight on this global pandemic .
Meanwhile , other activists have pushed the subject of maternal mortality to the middle of the G - 8 conference in Canada , which is taking place today and tomorrow .
At the summit , governments will be urging donor governments , developing country partners , nongovernmental organizations and private organizations to reduce maternal , infant and child mortality by strengthening health systems in developing countries and improving access to health care .
As money and concern rises about maternal mortality in other parts of the world , it ’s also important to flag problems here at home .
On June 18 the New York Academy of Medicine and the New York City Department of Health and Mental Hygiene issued a study of 161 pregnancy - related maternal deaths between 2001 and 2005 .
Black , non-Hispanic women were seven times more likely than white , non-Hispanic women to die during pregnancy in New York City .
Women 40 years and older were 2.6 times more likely to have a pregnancy - related death .
Nearly 80 percent of the women who died had Cesarean sections .
The death rate for women with no insurance was nearly four times higher than for insured women , and nearly half of all women who died from pregnancy - related causes were classified as obese .
Participants at the maternal mortality conference earlier this month repeatedly referred to the need to customize programs based on the differences among countries .
If this New York report is any guide to the overall U.S. situation our marching orders are clear : Focus on women who are black , or over 40 , or obese , or uninsured .
Also , curb C- sections .
For many women , a C - section can be lifesaving .
But as the New York and other data increasingly demonstrate , that ’s certainly not always the case .
Allison Stevens is a writer in Washington , D.C .
Image caption Connecticut Attorney General aims to get to the bottom of the data issue
US state Connecticut will lead a multi-state investigation into Google 's collection of wi-fi data .
It is the latest in a series of global investigations aimed at the firm .
Google has admitted that its Street View cars " accidentally " collected data from unsecured wi- fi networks in 30 countries because of some rogue code in the software used by the service .
The US investigation will attempt to answer how that code ended up being used by Street View .
Google has explained that the data was gathered as it logged wi- fi hotspots to help it develop location - based services .
It has since stopped collecting such data .
But it has never gone into details about how the software came to be included in the Street View system , saying just that it was the work of a " single engineer " .
The US investigation aims to drill down into Google 's working practices .
It will ask the search giant who inserted the code and why , whether the data was extracted and why Google saved it .
In a letter to the search giant , Connecticut 's Attorney General Richard Blumenthal has asked for copies of the company 's internal procedures regarding Street View and for exact details of how and when Google learned that its cars were capturing sensitive data .
The letter also asks why Google recorded the signal strength and quality of personal and business wireless networks .
' Come clean '
Street View cannot mean Complete View Richard Blumenthal , Connecticut Attorney General
Mr Blumenthal said he expected a " significant number of states to participate " .
30 have so far signed up .
He described the accidental collection of data as a " deeply disturbing invasion of personal privacy " .
" Street View cannot mean Complete View - invading home and business computer networks and vacuuming up personal information and communications .
" Consumers have a right and a need to know what personal information - which could include e-mails , web browsing and passwords - Google may have collected and why .
Google must come clean , " he said .
The French data protection agency CNIL has had an early view of some of the information collected and said it included data such as passwords .
It said it was considering whether to prosecute the firm .
Like many other data protection agencies it had requested Google hand over copies of the data it gathered to find out whether it breached privacy rules .
Investigations are also on - going in Germany , Spain , Italy , Australia , New Zealand and Canada .
Google said it was working with all the investigators and offering to delete all the sensitive data .
It has defended its position with Google boss Eric Schmidt saying there was " no harm , no foul " in collecting the snippets of information .
" Who was harmed ?
Name the person , " Mr Schmidt said during an interview at the company 's annual Zeitgeist conference held in Watford in mid-May .
Despite a police crackdown on graffiti , at least one vandal managed to hide his or her work in plain sight this week — on the front entrance to the Boulder County Justice Center .
Using what appears to have been a set of stencils and white paint , someone added a set of quotation marks around the word “ justice ” on the facility ’s main sign at the corner of Sixth Street and Canyon Boulevard .
According to some passersby , the graffiti appeared sometime late Sunday night .
But no one at the justice center , including the attorneys , prosecutors , judges and police officers who work there daily , noticed the markings for days .
Some workers said they appreciated the attempt at humor .
Boulder County District Attorney Stan Garnett was less amused when he saw the quotations for the first time Wednesday afternoon .
“ I ’m quite proud of the work that happens at this center , ” he said .
“ So to suggest on the official sign that it ’s not justice is not appropriate . ”
Garnett suggested that a disgruntled patron of the court system could be to blame .
“ From time to time , people are disgruntled with a particular result , and that ’s understandable , ” he said .
“ But it does n’t mean it ’s not justice .
“ I do n’t always agree with the results that the courts reach , but it ’s justice .
And it ’s done as fairly and as thoroughly as is humanly possible .
The people of Boulder County and the people of Colorado should be very proud of what happens in this building . ”
At Garnett ’s request , a pair of sheriff ’s deputies inspected the work Wednesday and said they were beginning an investigation .
Although the justice center is managed by the Boulder County Sheriff ’s Office , the building is located within the city .
That means the Sheriff ’s Office will have to call the Boulder Police Department to file a vandalism report .
Contact Camera staff writer Heath Urie at 303-473-1328 , or urieh@dailycamera.com .
http://www.youtube.com/v/y3uPgsmihZc&hl=en_US&fs=1
IMAGE : Watermelons at the Central de Abasto in DF .
All photos by the author unless otherwise noted .
IMAGE : La Central de Abasto from a helicopter .
Photo by Oscar Ruiz .
La Central de Abasto de la Ciudad de México is enormous .
It sprawls across a 327 hectare site on the eastern edge of the D.F. , dwarfing fellow wholesale food markets such as Hunt ’s Point ( 24 hectares ) , Tsukiji ( 23 hectares ) , or even the massive Rungis , outside Paris ( 232 hectares ) .
La Central has its own postcode , its own 700 - member police force , and its own border - style entry gates , but during my visit , its enormity truly hit home only when we had to take a taxi to get from flowers to fish .
It was a solid fifteen minute ride from one section of the market to another !
IMAGE : Border control at La Central de Abasto .
Photo via .
IMAGE : Official map of La Central de Abasto .
When the Central de Abasto was opened in 1982 , approximately eighty percent of Mexico ’s food supply passed through its 111 kilometres of passageways .
In other words , an incredible four fifths of everything that every Mexican , from Cancun to Monterrey , ate every day passed through one single site in the nation ’s capital .
It was “ one of Mexico ’s last experiments in central economic planning , ” as sociologist Gerardo Torres Salcido told USA Today .
Even today , between twenty and thirty percent of the country ’s food is sold at La Central .
According to David Lida ( whose enjoyable book about Mexico City , First Stop in the New World , contains an entire chapter on food , and who I was lucky to see in conversation as Jace Clayton ’s guest at Postopolis !
DF ) , “ on a daily basis thirty thousand tons of food are trucked here from the rest of the country , and sold to three hundred thousand customers — mainly people who sell in smaller markets , to restaurants and food stands all over the city . ”
In 2009 , La Central was the second only to the Mexican stock exchange in business volume .
Lida ’s description continues :
About $ 8 billion a year changes hands , mostly in cash ; as such , merchandisers are prime prey to kidnappers .
One vendor handed over half a million dollars to have his son released from captivity .
He had that much money lying around at home ; it was his float .
When we arrived at La Central at 5:30 a.m. one Thursday morning during Postopolis !
DF , things were still pretty busy .
For the most part , traffic consists of men ( cargadores ) pushing trolleys or pulling handcarts at a half - run , on which anything from two to twenty pallets of mangoes , crates of canteloupes , or boxes of oranges are stacked .
If you are in their way ( there is almost no way not to be ) , the cargadores whistle — and , by the end of our visit , I had started to notice that the pitch and phrasing of these whistles varies according to the navigational information it communicates .
In other words , “ Passing on your left ! ” sounds different from “ Watch out , I ’m about to cut you off . ”
Their job must be brutal , particularly since the pedestrian walkways between aisles are raised up a level to allow lorries to pass beneath — a clever design that means each delivery involves negotiating several concrete ramps .
What ’s more , according to Lida :
The cargodores do not even earn a salary .
Indeed , to rent their handcarts , they have to pay a little over a dollar a day to a character known as El Chino , a former street child and cargador himself .
The workers vary between twelve and seventy years old .
They charge between twenty and forty cents per box , depending on how heavy the load is and how far it has to be carried .
An old man calculated that he earned about seven or eight dollars for a day ’s work .
In between jobs , and as the flow of trade slows down , the trolleys double as backrests , seats , and even beds .
We began in the fruit and vegetable section , which stood out for its carefully ordered displays and fantastic signage .
Oranges and potatoes were fed through a sorting machine , but even mangoes were carefully boxed by size , a task that could only have been done by hand .
Each display was topped by a sign — occasionally hand - lettered , but for the most part pre-printed .
Many said fairly predictable things , like “ Best Quality ! ” and “ Lowest Price ! ”
Others seemed to show a delightful sense of humour , such as the green beans “ Without Cholesterol ! ” or the carrots “ As Seen On TV ! ”
Still others professed surprise , delight , and teenage enthusiasm : “ How cool ! ” , “ This is the bomb ! ” and “ F *** ing great grapes ! ”
The fruit and vegetable section then spilled over into a set of open - walled pavilions , in which men and women stripped the thorns off nopales and washed carrots .
We were trying to find the flower market , but were waylaid by a corridor filled with Hallmark - style junk .
Dotted throughout the distinct sections were snack vendors , doing a brisk trade in tamale sandwiches ( the cargadores need double carbs ) , freshly - squeezed juice , and Nescafé .
I took photos of the youngest juicer and the most beaten - up pot I saw .
La Central de Abasto was designed by celebrated Mexican architect Abraham Zabludovsky , better known for his Museo Tamayo and Biblioteca Nacional .
Its vast , modular forms are certainly striking , particularly when seen from above .
IMAGE : Satellite photo via Google Maps .
Frequently , however , the hangar - like shapes have been filled with a variety of random structures — storage or office spaces .
The business of food distribution has generated its own forms within the shelter provided .
The scale of transactions seemed to vary wildly , with fresh produce leaving the market piled high in refrigerated lorries , ramshackle trucks , and even taxis .
La Central was built to replace an older , smaller wholesale market , La Merced , just as Rungis was built to replace Les Halles .
In both cases , the market had expanded beyond its central site , and was denigrated by city officials as cramped , dirty , and unsafe .
La Merced was ( and still is ) notorious for its underage prostitutes ; Les Halles — Zola ’s “ belly of Paris ” — was equally surrounded by rough - edged bars , restaurants , and brothels .
IMAGE : Les Halles butchers enjoying an after - work drink , Paris , 1962 .
Photo by Tom Palumbo via kottke .
Cities with a centralised food distribution system traditionally kept markets close to the seat of government , recognising the power of food as a political tool .
That proximity was intended to help kings and ministers maintain tight control over the urban populace through the supply of food , but as cities and the markets that fed them grew , the strategy backfired .
As Carolyn Steel puts it , in her excellent book , Hungry City : “ By concentrating all the city ’s food in one place , they created a powerhouse strong enough to defy them . ”
By the 1970s , as Robert Moses rammed thirteen expressways through New York City , it seemed rational to authorities in Paris and Mexico City to start afresh , and move the messy business of food to spacious , orderly , hygienic , and purpose - built facilities at a safe distance outside town .
La Central de Abasto ’s stated mission is to : “ Be the axis of the country ’s food supply system , in order to regulate the market and offer the consumer quality and price . ”
If the construction of La Central tells us a fascinating story about the evolution of governmental attempts to control food in order to tame cities , the market ’s declining market share , down to handling between twenty and thirty percent of the nation ’s food supply from eighty percent when it was first built , is testament to radical shifts in scale within the food business .
In other words , La Central was built to be the giant hub that tied together smallish farmers and merchants with smallish tianguis and restauranteurs .
Food flowed through a single site that connected producers to vendors in a process that theoretically created greater efficiency and more competitive prices .
But following on from NAFTA in the early 1990s , food producers and vendors have consolidated and expanded in scale , shrinking the role of the hub in the middle .
Walmart has set up its own supplier relationships and distribution networks ; Smithfield Factory Farms is perfectly capable of finding customers without trucking its pigs all the way to a covered market on the outskirts of Mexico City .
Although supply and demand no longer meet at one central market , Mexico ’s food system has not decentralised — it has just centralised elsewhere along the chain .
According to USA Today , a 2008 government report concluded that La Central was gradually shifting toward small wholesale or retail customers , “ meaning it is basically just becoming a big public market . ”
Trucking in food from around the country in order to truck it out again a few hours later certainly seems to make no sense in terms of Mexico City ’s already disastrous congestion problems .
It ’s also easy to imagine the food safety issues , from terrorism to traceability , associated with concentrating eighty percent of the national food supply in a single site .
Unfortunately , the Central de Abasto system is not being replaced with a solution that makes those problems any less pressing .
Despite its transformation , La Central still preserves some of what made central markets such a vital part of the city : noise , rubbish , smells , and a heterotopic mixing of rich and poor , city and countryside .
Overwhelmed by its size , chaos , and the sheer volume of food , a visitor can gain “ an awareness of what it takes to sustain urban life , ” to again quote Carolyn Steel .
By way of contrast , I highly recommend this gorgeous video of the clean , well - lit , and gently bleeping spaces of New York ’s Hunt ’s Point Food Distribution Center , as shot by fellow Postopolis !
DF participant and Urban Omnibus project director , Cassim Shepherd .
[ NOTE :
This post is part of a series of reports from my time in Mexico City as part of Postopolis !
DF , which was presented by Storefront for Art and Architecture from June 8 to June 12 , 2010 .
I owe an enormous thanks to Daniela Hernandez , Rodrigo Escandon , and Blair Richardson , who heroically got up at 4:30 a.m. after a night of parties and concerts , in order to help me navigate La Central ! ]
Now , here ’s the thing about dwarves : they ’re not like you and me .
We wake up , we shower , we get dressed , we go to work , and while we ’re doing all this , sometimes we get an idea .
“ I should write a cookbook that focuses on pomegranates , ” we think , and then we get out of the shower and towel off and we do n’t write the book .
“ I should create a mosaic depicting Washington ’s terrible defeat at Fort Necessity , ” we think , and then , almost always , we reach our bus stop , we step off the bus , and we go on with our lives .
Dwarves are n’t like that .
They have lives , and jobs , just like us , and they have normal ideas that do n’t come to pass , just like you and me , but sometimes – often enough that the Dwarves have five different words for it , all of which translate , roughly , to “ touched ” – a dwarf gets a particularly strong idea , an idea that he ca n’t shake .
“ I should write a cookbook that focuses on pomegranates , ” the dwarf will think , “ and I will make the cover from pomegranate peel .
And the ink will be made from pomegranate juice , and the pages shall be made of the finest papyrus , and the pages will be bound with a single thread of gold .
And the book shall be called ‘ Berrydowned ’ . ”
The dwarf ’s co-workers might say to him “ Hey , Arast , why did you stop hammering ? ” and Arast will say “ Fuck you , ” walk in to a grocery store , kick everyone out , and spend the next nine hours obsessively examining each pomegranate to find the perfect materials for his cookbook .
That ’s what dwarves are like .
This is a story about two dwarves in the fortress of Bekemlogem , “ Springpainted . ”
One of these dwarves became a legend .
The other died miserably , starving in the dark .
The first dwarf ’s name was Nish Oddomshetbøth .
The second ’s was Urist Köbukrinal .
Bekemlogem was an unusual fortress , built as it was in the middle of a swamp .
Dwarves , by their nature , are not fond of swamps .
There ’s too much mud , for one thing , and too much water .
There are many adjectives one can apply to a dwarf , but “ moist ” is not the first that comes to mind .
This was not just any swamp , but a swamp that , as near as anyone could tell , was over an aquifer .
An aquifer can make it hard to mine safely , and no mining means no profit .
The leader of the expedition to found the fortress , a merchant by the name of Stukos Oddomsanreb , had to do an awful lot of fast - talking to persuade people that he was n’t crazy .
“ There ’s a caldera there , ” he insisted , “ which has to be solid rock .
We can tunnel down near the caldera , and mine under the aquifer .
If we ’re careful , there ’s nothing to worry about . ”
Stukos was a good dwarf , but not a persuasive one .
Only 6 other dwarves left the safety of the mountainhomes to try to find their fortune in Stukos ’s swampy paradise .
The funny thing about this is that Stukos turned out to be mostly right .
There was solid rock near the caldera , and although the miners had to be careful to not accidentally take a bath in hot magma , they were able to dig down below the aquifer and establish workshops , where they began growing mushrooms and carving crafts to trade with anyone crazy or stupid enough to visit them out in the middle of the marshlands .
Soon enough , they started attracting immigrants .
The swamp was peaceful and quiet .
There were n’t even any goblin attacks , and when was the last time you heard of a fortress that was n’t attacked by goblins ?
Even the goblins , it seems , were smart enough to avoid the swamp .
Nish , a glass - blower by trade , had arrived at Bekemlogem on a spring morning and was promptly informed that out here in the country they did n’t have much call for fancy things like glass , that stone was good enough for plain - spoken honest dwarves , and that we do n’t have any sand around here anyway , so here ’s a crossbow and you ’re in the army now , son .
As I said , there were no goblins in the swamp , which was good , because there were n’t any bolts for Nish ’s crossbow either , and even if there had been bolts , there was nothing to shoot at .
Military service at Bekemlogem mostly involved standing around outside , swearing , and sweating , not necessarily in that order .
Occasionally one of his squad - mates would offer to wrestle , to relieve the boredom , but this just made Nish feel even more uncomfortable , especially since this particular squad - mate always wanted to wrestle naked , “ to keep our uniforms from getting wrinkled , ” he said .
So mostly Nish just stood outside in the swamp , sweating , and thought about beer .
Nish thought about dark beer , light beer , frothy beer , flat beer , ale , lager , porter , and stout .
He thought about beer mugs , beer steins , beer taps , kegs of beer , a beer mug , tall glasses filled with beer , coasters that you could fling at people after you ’d drunk enough beer from that stone beer mug , and a table for putting the beer mug on , except there needs to be a little bit of something on the bottom of the mug to make sure it does n’t scratch the table .
A bit of turtle shell would be perfect .
He thought about drinking beer on cold days , nice days , rainy days , hot and sticky days , when your hand slips on the beer mug and you drop it , spilling your beer , which is bad , so you ’d want to have a good grip .
Maybe you could nurl the handle ?
No , no , too boring .
You want something textured .
Something you can really feel .
Bones .
You could wrap the handle in small bones .
But you ’d have to position the handle so as not to obscure the carving on the mug , the carving depicting the founding of the first Fortress .
It was around this time that Nish dropped his crossbow and began slowly walking towards the nearby outdoor workshop , like he was in a trance .
“ Hey , get back to your post ! ” said his captain , Momuz .
“ Fuck you , ” said Nish .
He walked inside to the workshop , elbowed the master stonecrafter in the face , picked him up by his breeches , and threw him out of the building .
Momuz put his head in his hands , and moaned , as the realization hit him .
“ He ’s touched .
This is going to end in blood . ”
In fact , it did n’t end in blood .
It ended in a lovely beer mug , engraved with an image of a dwarf raising a scepter , that Nish called “ The Undignified Worries , ” which when you think about it is a truly appropriate name for a beer mug .
Nish never drank from anything else for as long as he lived .
On unveiling the masterful mug — and its artistry and craftsmanship were undeniable —
Nish was honorably discharged from the army , was given his own workshop and a generous stipend , and basically allowed to do whatever the hell he wanted for the rest of his life .
When not in his workshop , “ whatever the hell he wanted ” turned out to be drinking beer , from his mug , inside .
No , it did n’t end in blood , but Momuz can be forgiven for thinking that it probably would .
The funny thing about ideas — dwarven or human — is that there ’s no strict requirement that they be practical .
We can all imagine building a hot - air balloon to fly to Jupiter , or making a bicycle entirely of bacon , or , to take an example from Minnie the Moocher , a diamond car with platinum wheels .
But when a dwarf is touched by the idea of a car like that , he does n’t stop to think “ this is n’t practical . ”
Instead , he starts looking around for diamonds and platinum .
What happens when a dwarf can’t find enough diamonds and platinum to build his car ?
Someone dies .
Every time .
Sometimes , the dwarf will go mad , grab the nearest weapon , and start cutting down anyone he comes across .
This is what Momuz expected when he bemoaned Nish being touched , because that ’s what usually happens .
Momuz , being captain of the guard , was likely to be the first person killed .
An insane dwarf can usually take down four or five of his comrades before being killed himself .
It ’s a lot easier to kill when you are n’t afraid of dying .
Strangely , this outcome is viewed by most dwarves as the lesser of two evils .
Sometimes , instead of going on a rampage , the thwarted dwarf will kill himself .
Suicide is not a part of dwarvish culture , and they would be bitterly offended to hear me describe it this way .
Their word for this sort of death translates roughly to “ melancholy . ”
The melancholic dwarf stops eating , stops drinking , and simply wanders aimlessly around the halls , sometimes for months , until she or he eventually dies from starvation and malnutrition .
This is infinitely worse for the dwarves than the violent outcome , which at least is over quickly .
The key thing to realize here is that to the dwarves , the failure of a touched dwarf to create his artifact is a failure of the community , not a failure of the dreamer .
“ If we had only dug deeper , and worked harder , ” they think , “ we would have had enough diamonds and platinum for her to build that car .
The vision of that car was a gift from the gods , and we were too shiftless and lazy to be able to claim it . ”
The melancholic dwarf , dying slowly in public , is a constant reminder of the community ’s inadequacy .
Which brings us to Urist Köbukrinal , a name that to this day will make the dwarves of Bekemlogem weep in shame and shake in self - loathing .
Urist was an engineer , a shy boy who one day was touched .
True to his nature , Urist snuck downstairs to the lowest levels of the fortress and , in the deep , quietly and shyly claimed a mechanic ’s workshop that no one was using .
No one noticed he was missing at first , but when they finally found him in the deeps , he was surrounded by sketches of something , and refused to say a word .
His sketches had rock , and bone , and cloth , and he was surrounded by pieces of rock of varying sizes .
The town elders brought him all the cloth and bones they had , but none of it was right .
They did n’t know how it was n’t right ;
Urist would n’t say .
It would be four months until the next caravan arrived .
There was no way that Urist would be able to make whatever it was he was trying to make .
And so the dwarven elders of Bekemlogem , perhaps thinking of their children , whom dwarves love as much as we love our own , did the unthinkable .
They walled Urist in his workshop .
Urist made no attempt to escape .
He just stood behind the workbench , calmly watching each stone as it slid into place .
The masons , their cheeks red with humiliation , would not meet his eyes .
When the last stone slid into place , he sat down and , quietly , waited to die .
It took fifty - two days .
He never made a sound .
–
Written by “ perterb , ” July 30 , 2008
The ultimate belly - buster : Could you take on the biggest full English breakfast in the world ?
It 's the gigantic , gut - busting mother of all big breakfasts
A café is offering the largest English breakfast in the world - and if you finish it you get it free .
The giant fry - up includes ten sausages , ten eggs , ten rashers of bacon , five black puddings , and piles of beans , mushrooms and tomatoes .
Proper plateful :
The mammoth meal is so packed with fried delights it has to be served on a tray
But there is a queasy catch - you have to scoff the greasy lot in twenty minutes flat , and not a slurp of tea or any other liquid can pass your parched lips .
And if that was n't enough to give you tummy trouble , there is a toast tower of ten slices to much your way through .
Mario's Café in Westhoughton , Bolton offers the breakfast blow - out for £ 10.95 , but you must sign a health disclaimer before ordering as it contains a heart - stopping 5,000 calories - twice the daily amount recommended for an average male .
Ready to eat : Abi Grady starts to make her way through the breakfast with her first two of TEN sausages .
Iron - stomached Abi Grady accepted the challenge of tackling the Guinness World Record holder for largest English breakfas t .
The 19 - year - old model from Manchester said : " I was fairly confident when I ordered but then Mario bought it out and I knew I was in trouble - it was so big it comes on a tray instead of a plate !
' I thought if I made huge sandwiches using the toast and packing in a lot of filling I might stand a chance .
The big bite : Brave Abi tries out her tactic of making sandwiches , but the breakfast remains undefeated
' But even after one of these I still had eight sausages and eggs left , as well as a pile of other food .
I was also dying for a slurp of tea .
' I think I would have been there until supper time trying to finish the big breakfast '
Defeated Abi's disclaimer was pinned to the wall , along with the 52 other challengers who have so far tried to take on the breakfast - and failed .
Café owner Mario Frappola , 53 , said : ' No - one has finished my big breakfast so far .
' I tried it myself but had to give up even though I love English breakfasts .
' We started it as a joke a few months ago but word spread and now people show up from all over Britain to try it .
US Customs and Border Patrol ( CBP ) and the Transportation Security Administration ( TSA ) both consider us nitwits who ca n’t pack a suitcase or travel about the country , let alone the world , without their supervision .
And so after hopelessly mucking up travel with such nonsense as the " Western Hemisphere Travel Initiative " and " 3 - 1 - 1 , " they now " Provide Reminders and Travel Tips to Summer Travelers . "
Yep , those are nouns you hear shrieking as bureaucrats force them into adjectival stress positions .
Plenty more such screams rend the " reminders " : " Monitor border wait times for various ports of entry .
…
During periods of heavy travel , border crossers may wish to consider alternative , less heavily traveled entry routes " and " Passengers can help speed up the screening process [ sic for u2018 warrantless search ’ ] by packing their carry - ons in an organized manner .
This helps our officers [ sic for u2018 busybodies ’] efficiently see what ’s inside to quickly process it through screening [ sic for u2018 warrantless search ’ ] . "
Forget about making things easier on yourself by choosing the " port of entry " closest to your destination or by packing in the " manner " you prefer , however disorganized : a serf labors to ease his masters ’ burdens , not his own .
Indeed , " reminding " us to do so has become something of a semi-annual tradition for the TSA .
You might think an agency this hated would learn some humility and seek rather than give advice .
But no .
Nonetheless , I forge ahead and modestly offer my recommendations to Our high - flying Rulers :
1 ) Disband .
Really .
It ’s the only sensible move after screeners advised the world that they lack cojones — and took the pictures to prove it .
I mean , guys , c’mon , we ’re all laughing at you .
Hard .
2) Disband .
Immediately .
Before every last one of you winds up in prison .
You ca n’t keep stealing $ 24,000 watches with impunity forever .
Even Al Capone eventually ran out of luck .
3 ) Disband .
For the good of the country — sorry , " homeland . "
Because everyone knows you lack brains as well as that other b-word .
Look , there used to be " dumb blonde /stewardess " — excuse me , " flight attendant " jokes for a reason .
But now you dingbats take those dingbats seriously .
Case in point : when one of United ’s stews smelled a “ u2018 pungent chemical odor ’ coming from a bag on board " while taxiing for take - off at San Francisco International , you morons overreacted as usual rather than considering the source .
She ( NB : the article reporting this absurdity does n’t mention the stew ’s sex , but when was the last time a real man fussed that a carry - on was , like , way too big for the overhead bin ?
" She " goes for most of what works the aisles these days ) immediately thought , " Terrorists ! " instead of " Hmmm .
I ’m not real bright , or I ’d be doing something besides handing out pretzels for a living .
It ’s likely that pungent odor emanates from a substance well beyond my limited outlook and experience .
Perhaps it ’s just Chinese herbs , and since the elderly couple to whom it belongs does n’t speak much English , I ’m going to show some startlingly good sense in these goofy times and silly u2018 profession ’ by keeping my mouth shut .
Plus , if I open said orifice , I ’ll remove all doubt about my regrettable and inherent foolishness . "
Yeah , I ’m dreaming .
And so this arrogant airhead tattled to the pilot .
He ( also unspecified , but I ’m going with " he " to distinguish him from our tattler ) " receiv[ed ] the bag " [ sic for " accepted stolen property after the stew pilfered it from the couple " ] and " notified local authorities . "
No surprise at what happened next : " passengers deplaned and were taken by bus back to the airport , where they were rescreened [ sic for " searched for the second time that day without a warrant " ] by Transportation Security Administration agents . "
Good job , there , TSA : we all know how sneaky those elderly couples can be , handing out Chinese herbs willy - nilly that improve our circulation , clear our skin , and in general promote good health .
" TSA dogs searched the plane with the help of hazardous materials and explosives teams from the San Francisco Fire Department . "
This delayed a flight that had been about to depart by six hours .
Alas , " Police do not expect to file charges against anyone " despite the criminal stupidity of the stew , you buffoons at the TSA , and " local authorities . "
4 ) Disband .
Now .
Before your sour grapes ferment and explode in your face .
Like most of your victims , Mrs. Hays is an exemplary person without any criminal record or intent .
Unlike many of them , she actually deciphered your silly rules and packed a cooler with snacks you allow for her 93 - year - old , infirm mother — a " [ Traveler ] with Disabilities and Medical Conditions " — when transporting her cross-country .
No matter : screeners tried to steal — sorry , confiscate her cooler .
With her mother ’s welfare at stake , Mrs . Hays protested rather than bow her head and murmur , " Yes , your majesties . "
That landed her in jail : the screeners ’ version of events had her punching one of them .
Unfortunately for the screeners , the checkpoint ’s surveillance camera sided with Mrs. Hays , and the judge was less creative than others who believe your goons over passengers regardless of the facts .
He was content to lecture and reprimand Mrs. Hays — not the screeners who lied — rather than imprison her .
He ’ll also dismiss the charges if she " stays out of trouble " for six months .
And a good thing , too : ladies in their 50’s who tenderly care for aging mothers start so many crime - waves these days .
This episode does n’t exactly show you wingdings in a favorable light .
The surveillance camera not only proves your employees lie — and that you fully support their mendacity — , it also records their brutality as they laugh at Mrs. Hays ’ distress .
So we might suppose you ’d slink away from your defeat here , hoping we ’d soon forget , fearful of more adverse publicity .
Au contraire .
The inmates of police states and their opinions do not chasten the wardens .
So now you ’re suing Mrs. Hays for $ 2500 .
Here ’s hoping she counter - sues your missing cojones right off you .
But whatever the outcome , remember : nobody likes a sore loser .
My fifth and final tip is for Congress : abolish the TSA .
Then take a recess yourselves — and do n’t come back .
The Best of Becky Akers
While at the GRAMMY Museum for DigitalLA ’s Crowd Source to Curation event last week ~ luckily before hopping on the panel , i had a chance to run around the museum ~ and one thing that could n’t be missed in the lobby is Janis Joplin ’s 1965 Porsche 356c painted by her friend , Dave Richards … ca n’t you believe it was white before the paint job ?
There was something surreal about seeing it in person ~ see details on the next page !
p.s. Can you believe they DROVE it into the lobby ?
The sacking of Gen Stanley McChrystal by US President Barack Obama last week has sparked both fears and possibilities for various players in the Afghan conflict .
Image caption Gen Petraeus has warned of an escalation of violence in Afghanistan
Before his successor , Gen David Petraeus , settles in his job , the Americans may feel compelled to make an assessment of why their " big push " in Helmand province is seen by many to have failed and the one in Kandahar has so far not materialised .
Any revised US strategy would inevitably make demands on both the Afghan government and the Pakistani military .
Afghan President Hamid Karzai appears to be already focusing on broader reconciliation , including talks with the Taliban .
In June , a peace conference he convened in Kabul recommended the removal of Taliban leaders from a UN blacklist and the release of Taliban fighters from prisons to pave the way for such talks .
Confusing signals
For Pakistan , analysts say , it means yet another opportunity to create realities on the ground that Gen Petraeus would find hard to ignore .
Image caption Elements within Pakistan 's intelligence are said to be " working " with Islamists
Pakistani intelligence officials have been recently leaking information to the press suggesting that Pakistan is brokering talks between President Karzai and the Haqqani group , a long - time protege of Pakistan 's ISI intelligence service .
But just four months ago , the Pakistanis arrested one of their favourite guests and a top Taliban commander , Mullah Baradar , for reportedly talking to the Karzai government behind their back .
These are confusing signals , indicative of Pakistan 's murky geostrategic problem - solving mechanisms .
Pakistan is a narrow strip of land - in some places just over 300 miles ( 483 km ) across - and feels vulnerable against its much larger eastern neighbour India , with whom it has fought two wars over the disputed region of Kashmir .
To the west , it has a long and disputed border with Afghanistan , a traditional ally of India .
The domination of the military establishment in Pakistani politics prevented the country from exploring diplomatic solutions to these issues .
In 1980s , an international coalition led by the US funded an ISI programme to raise Islamist militant groups to fight the Soviet troops in Afghanistan .
These groups , and after them the Taliban , inherited Afghanistan .
Under them , Pakistan was able to keep Indian influence in Afghanistan under check for nearly two decades .
This period also gave a boost to the Pakistani idea of ensuring " strategic depth " in Afghanistan against a possible Indian invasion .
After the Soviet withdrawal in 1988 , the ISI also used these groups to spark an insurgency in the Indian - administered Kashmir .
When the September 2001 attacks took place , Pakistan was faced with the impossible task of protecting these groups while at the same time siding with the international alliance against al - Qaeda and the Taliban .
This has been achieved at considerable cost to the country .
' Calculated ' ambiguity
Elements within the Pakistani intelligence services are widely suspected of " working " with the very militant groups that are involved in killing thousands of Pakistanis - both military and civilian .
The riddle that the Americans and the rest of the Western powers now need to solve is how to persuade Pakistan to deliver in Afghanistan without putting a gun to its own head Ilyas Khan
Reliable witnesses in Waziristan say in recent months they have seen truckloads of armed Punjabi Taliban - known for their spectacular attacks on Pakistani military targets - pass through dozens of security checkpoints every day to reach the border towns .
They claim having seen both Punjabi and local militants using military transport to move in the border areas .
But the policy of turning these militant sanctuaries into no - go areas for civilian government , journalists and other civilian observers has cast a pall of doubt on the activities there .
" What we have to always figure out with Pakistan is : are they working with the Taliban to support the Taliban or to recruit sources in the Taliban ? "
Gen Petraeus stated during his confirmation hearing before a panel of the US senate on Tuesday .
Many believe this " calculated " ambiguity has repeatedly helped the Pakistani military to buy time and demand money from its Western allies without delivering results in the Afghan conflict .
But this has also sapped the strength of the Pakistani state .
The concept of institutional accountability has lost its meaning , public governance has become chaotic , the economy has gone haywire and political alienation has taken hold of nearly the entire country .
Exacting any further domestic price for strategic aims is becoming perilous at a time when the Americans have already laid down a roadmap for their Afghan operations and must enact an exit plan that ensures the elimination of the al - Qaeda threat .
Many quarters in Pakistan express the fear that this could descend into a dangerous game .
These quarters suspect that recent leaks of a Pakistan - backed reconciliation in Afghanistan may be yet another Pakistani ploy to confuse the situation .
They believe that any power - sharing deal in Afghanistan in which pro-Pakistan forces do not have the last word does not fit in with its objectives .
The riddle that the Americans and the rest of the Western powers now need to solve is how to persuade Pakistan to deliver in Afghanistan without putting a gun to its own head .
The TanDEM - X satellite has blasted into orbit on a mission to acquire the most precise 3D map of the Earth 's surface .
The German radar spacecraft will fly in formation with an identical platform called TerraSAR - X launched in 2007 .
Together , the pair will measure the variation in height across the globe to an accuracy of better than two metres .
Their digital elevation model will have myriad uses , from helping military jets fly ultra low to showing relief workers where an earthquake 's damage is worst .
" Our aim is to generate a model at a resolution and a quality that does n't exist today , " explained Dr Vark Helfritz , from satellite image - processing company Infoterra GmbH .
" This will be a truly seamless global product - not a patchwork of datasets that have been fitted together , " he told BBC News .
TanDEM - X was carried into space atop a converted intercontinental ballistic missile from the Baikonur Cosmodrome in Kazakhstan .
The Dnepr rocket left its silo at 0214 GMT .
A signal confirming TanDEM - X had separated successfully from the vehicle was picked up 31 minutes later at an Antarctic tracking station .
Image caption
The aim is for a model with a two - metre vertical resolution on 12 m by 12 m grids
The new satellite was put into a polar orbit that is ever so slightly inclined to the one occupied by TerraSAR - X , some 514 km above the planet .
The path of TanDEM - X across the sky means it will fly an extremely tight helix around its more established sibling .
Image caption The Dnepr emerges from its Baikonur silo to climb to orbit
" It is the first time that two satellites have been put in such close formation , " said Brigadier General Thomas Reiter , the former astronaut and now executive board member at the German Aerospace Centre ( DLR ) .
" Their orbits bring them together with a minimum distance of about 200m .
This will be very challenging for mission controllers , as you can imagine . "
The pair 's radars work by constantly bouncing microwave pulses off the surface of the planet .
By timing how long the signal takes to make the return trip , the instruments can determine differences in height .
The compact orbital dance will give the pair " stereo vision " , by enabling them to operate an interferometric mode in which one spacecraft acts as a transmitter / receiver and the other as a second receiver .
Perhaps the best - known , near - global , space - borne data - set prior to the German venture came from the US Shuttle Radar Topography Mission ( SRTM ) of 2000 .
A decade on , TanDEM - X should provide a big leap forward in capability .
The top SRTM digital elevation model ( DEM ) product has a 30 m by 30 m spatial resolution , and a vertical resolution that varies from 16 m to 10m .
With the TanDEM mission , the intention is to go down to a vertical resolution of two metres , with a spatial resolution of 12 m by 12 m .
Airborne laser instruments ( lidars ) can do better than this but their DEMs are only regional .
To achieve the TanDEM level of detail on all 150 million sq km of the Earth 's land surface will require three years of operation .
Radar observations already have extensive military , civil , and scientific applications .
Good examples recently include the Eyjafjallajoekull eruption in Iceland and the Gulf of Mexico oil spill .
In the former , TerraSAR - X's microwave vision was able to look through the ash plume to enable scientists to assess the developing status of the glacier volcano ; and in the latter , the satellite has been able to follow the progression of the oil slick day or night from the way radar signals are reflected off the polluted water .
This is possible because spreading oil has a tendency to flatten the sea surface and this effect is detectable from space .
Image caption TerraSAR - X looks through the Eyjafjallajoekull Volcano 's ash plume to see three craters .
Such views are only possible with radar satellites
The improved dataset coming from the TanDEM mission should deepen and extend the range of radar applications .
Mobile phone operators will use the elevation model to work out the best places to position their masts ; the aviation sector can use the information to plan safer flight paths ; city planners need the data to assess flood risks in urban areas ; maritime officials can even use the information to track pirates and vessels that fish illegally .
Image caption
The presence of oil in the water works to flatten the surface
The TerraSAR-X/ TanDEM
-X venture is operated on the basis of a public - private partnership .
DLR owns the hardware ; EADS Astrium builds it ; and Infoterra GmbH has exclusive rights to commercialise the data .
Continuity is key to developing the radar applications market and already plans are in place to fly follow - on spacecraft .
The next step in development being pursued by the partnership is a high - resolution , wide - swath technology which would allow extremely detailed , large - scale images of the surface to be acquired in a single pass .
" We could decide to take a 100 km swath with a resolution of one metre , " Brig Gen Reiter said .
" That means two things , however .
First , we can take a swath and get all the products we need straight away ; but second , the disadvantage is that we get incredible amounts of data and the challenge will be to get this data downlinked .
The current downlink stations are reaching their limits . "
This coming bottleneck issue is one of the reasons why Germany has chosen to lead the European Data Relay System ( EDRS ) , a European Space Agency project that would see Earth observation data bounced off geostationary satellites using laser technology .
Image caption TerraSAR has already brought advances in spatial resolution
Jonathan .
Amos-INTERNET@bbc.co.uk
Image caption
The novel was first published in 1887
A rare inscribed copy of Arthur Conan Doyle 's first published novel featuring detective Sherlock Holmes ' debut appearance is to go under the hammer .
The copy of A Study in Scarlet is expected to fetch up to £ 400,000 when it is auctioned at Sotheby 's in London on 15 July .
The novel introduces Holmes and explains how he and Dr Watson came together , the auction house said .
The book is one of only two inscribed copies known to exist .
It is up for sale as part of an English Literature , History , Children 's Books and Illustrations sale .
The book was initially rejected by a succession of publishers but was finally printed in 1887 in Beeton 's Christmas Annual .
A Study in Scarlet features Holmes 's first words on meeting Dr Watson : " How are you ?
You have been in Afghanistan , I perceive . "
Hawk - like nose
It also includes Dr Watson 's first impressions of Holmes : " His very person and appearance were such as to strike the attention of the most casual observer .
" In height , he was rather over six feet , and so excessively lean that he seemed to be considerably taller .
" His eyes were sharp and piercing , save during those intervals of torpor to which I have alluded ; and his thin , hawk - like nose gave his whole expression an air of alertness and decision . "
Peter Selley , senior specialist in Sotheby 's books and manuscripts department , said a copy of the book made over $ 150,000 ( £ 105,000 ) at Sotheby 's in New York in 2007 .
But no signed or inscribed copy has ever been up for auction since the work was first published .
Sir Arthur Conan Doyle 's unpublished first novel was called The Narrative of John Smith .
SOME women would kill to be able to eat whatever they want and never gain weight - but for Lizzie Velasquez who has a rare condition where she must eat every 15 minutes to stay alive - it's a living nightmare .
The 21 - year - old communications student from Austin , Texas , eats up to 60 small meals a day
Doctors believe her condition may be a form of Neonatal Progeroid Syndrome which causes accelerated ageing , fat loss from the face and body , and tissue degeneration , reported the Telegraph .
Ms Velasquez said she consumes between 21,000 - 29,000 kJ ( 5000 - 8000 calories ) a day , but still only weighs 26.7kg and has to wear size triple zero clothes .
" I weigh myself regularly and if I gain even one pound I get really excited , ” Ms Velasquez said .
" I eat every 15 - 20 minutes to keep my energy levels up .
" I eat small portions of crisps , sweets , chocolate , pizza , chicken , cake , doughnuts , ice cream , noodles and pop tarts all day long , so I get pretty upset when people accuse me of being anorexic . "
Ms Velasquez 's mother Rita , 45 , said doctors had been unable to work out what was wrong with her daughter at first .
A book about Ms Velasquez 's condition , which she helped to write , is due out in September .
Researchers are developing a network of software - based clocks that could give data centres and networks the accuracy of an atomic clock for free .
The Robust Absolute and Difference clock - or RADclock for short - analyses information from multiple computers across the internet to construct a holistic view of time .
RADclock collects timing information from each machine 's internal quartz clock and the time it takes for this information to be transmitted across the network .
It then compares all the information collected to determine a time that is most likely to be accurate , so machines are calibrated across the network .
Under good conditions , University of Melbourne engineer Julien Ridoux said RADclock could achieve microsecond accuracy - as good as that provided by a $ 50,000 atomic clock .
Most computers currently either rely on internal quartz clocks , or automatically synchronise with atomic clock servers like the NIST Internet Time Service via the internet .
But more accurate timing systems would be required to support network operations as they become faster and more complex , Ridoux said .
Ridoux described discussions with Google , ISPs , and some businesses in the finance industry for which accurate , network - wide timing information is important .
" With a super - fast network , tasks occur more frequently , and that requires computers to track the passing of time much more accurately , " he said , noting that delays could introduce errors in video conversations , online games and power management .
" The techniques used in the past couple of decades are now not accurate enough to ensure the necessary coordination , " he said .
The researchers are deploying test appliances in Australia and overseas with the National Measurement Institute ( NMI ) , the Institute for a Broadband - Enabled Society ( IBES ) and the Australian Academic and Research Network ( AARNet ) ,
A minimum of three appliances will be deployed in any of AARNet 's four domestic and two international points of presence .
" If it goes well , AARNet is a keen customer , " the organisation 's director of e-Research , Guido Aben , told iTnews .
Aben highlighted concerns with the Network Time Protocol ( NTP ) currently used by AARNet , noting that it was hard to detect errors and computers could potentially be manipulated into running on the wrong time .
Inaccurate time could , in turn , raise issues with error logging and security .
" [ RADclock ] could give us better , more robust timing information ...
We believe that this is very valuable , " Aben said .
A minimum of three devices would be required for RADclock , Ridoux said , but there is no upper limit : " Ultimately , we 'd like to have everybody in the world using our software . "
Distance , however , is an issue .
So far , the researchers have only achieved microsecond accuracy for machines on a local area network .
Accuracy on the scale of 50 microseconds has been achieved for distances within 900 kilometres , and accuracy on the scale of 80 to 100 microseconds has been achieved within about 3,500 kilometres - the distance from Melbourne to Perth .
Because the system ultimately hinges on trusting that a majority of network machines are running on the right time , Ridoux acknowledged that the software - based system would never truly deliver the accuracy of a network of atomic clock - enabled computers .
" Basically there 's a limit to what a computer is able to do ; we will never beat an atomic clock , " he said .
" What we propose is not going to be a replacement for a GPS or atomic clock , " he said .
" We 're propagating very good clock information over the network .
We 're trying to democratise access to very good time . "
Jewish World Review July 12 , 2006 / 16 Tamuz , 5766
To my Arab brothers : The War with Israel Is Over  and they won .
Now let 's finally move forward By Youssef M. Ibrahim
http://www.JewishWorldReview.com
|
With Israel entering its fourth week of an incursion into the same Gaza Strip it voluntarily evacuated a few months ago , a sense of reality among Arabs is spreading through commentary by Arab pundits , letters to the editor , and political talk shows on Arabic - language TV networks .
The new views are stunning both in their maturity and in their realism .
The best way I can think of to convey them is in the form of a letter to the Palestinian Arabs from their Arab friends :
Dear Palestinian Arab brethren :
The war with Israel is over .
You have lost .
Surrender and negotiate to secure a future for your children .
We , your Arab brothers , may say until we are blue in the face that we stand by you , but the wise among you and most of us know that we are moving on , away from the tired old idea of the Palestinian Arab cause and the " eternal struggle " with Israel .
Dear friends , you and your leaders have wasted three generations trying to fight for Palestine , but the truth is the Palestine you could have had in 1948 is much bigger than the one you could have had in 1967 , which in turn is much bigger than what you may have to settle for now or in another 10 years .
Struggle means less land and more misery and utter loneliness .
At the moment , brothers , you would be lucky to secure a semblance of a state in that Gaza Strip into which you have all crowded , and a small part of the West Bank of the Jordan .
It is n't going to get better .
Time is running out even for this much land , so here are some facts , figures , and sound advice , friends .
You hold keys , which you drag out for television interviews , to houses that do not exist or are inhabited by Israelis who have no intention of leaving Jaffa , Haifa , Tel Aviv , or West Jerusalem .
You shoot old guns at modern Israeli tanks and American - made fighter jets , doing virtually no harm to Israel while bringing the wrath of its mighty army down upon you .
You fire ridiculously inept Kassam rockets that cause little destruction and delude yourselves into thinking this is a war of liberation .
Your government , your social institutions , your schools , and your economy are all in ruins .
FREE SUBSCRIPTION TO INFLUENTIAL NEWSLETTER
Every weekday JewishWorldReview.com publishes what many in in the media and Washington consider " must - reading " .
HUNDREDS of columnists and cartoonists regularly appear .
Sign up for the daily JWR update .
It 's free .
Just click here .
Your young people are growing up illiterate , ill , and bent on rites of death and suicide , while you , in effect , are living on the kindness of foreigners , including America and the United Nations .
Every day your officials must beg for your daily bread , dependent on relief trucks that carry food and medicine into the Gaza Strip and the West Bank , while your criminal Muslim fundamentalist Hamas government continues to fan the flames of a war it can neither fight nor hope to win .
In other words , brothers , you are down , out , and alone in a burnt - out landscape that is shrinking by the day .
What kind of struggle is this ?
Is it worth waging at all ?
More important , what kind of miserable future does it portend for your children , the fourth or fifth generation of the Arab world 's have - nots ?
We , your Arab brothers , have moved on .
Those of us who have oil money are busy accumulating wealth and building housing , luxury developments , state - of - the - art universities and schools , and new highways and byways .
Those of us who share borders with Israel , such as Egypt and Jordan , have signed a peace treaty with it and are not going to war for you any time soon .
Those of us who are far away , in places like North Africa and Iraq , frankly could not care less about what happens to you .
Only Syria continues to feed your fantasies that someday it will join you in liberating Palestine , even though a huge chunk of its territory , the entire Golan Heights , was taken by Israel in 1967 and annexed .
The Syrians , my friends , will gladly fight down to the last Palestinian Arab .
Before you got stuck with this Hamas crowd , another cheating , conniving , leader of yours , Yasser Arafat , sold you a rotten bill of goods  more pain , greater corruption , and millions stolen by his relatives  while your children played in the sewers of Gaza .
The war is over .
Why not let a new future begin ?
Every weekday JewishWorldReview.com publishes what many in Washington and in the media consider " must reading . "
Sign up for the daily JWR update .
It 's free .
Just click here .
Youssef M. Ibrahim , a former New York Times Middle East Correspondent and Wall Street Journal Energy Editor for 25 years , is a freelance writer based in New York City and Dubai in the United Arab Emirates .
Comment by clicking here .
© 2006 , Youssef M. Ibrahim
