Identity cards have shamrock , daffodil , thistle and rose to ' represent all the nations of the UK ' but will not be available in the Welsh language
The union flag has been left off the final design of the national identity card unveiled today in order to recognise the " identity rights " of Irish nationals living in Northern Ireland .
Instead the ID card design unveiled by the home secretary , Alan Johnson , features a tasteful floral pattern made up of the shamrock , daffodil , thistle and rose alongside the Royal Coat of Arms .
A Home Office spokesperson saidtoday this was because " the card represents all the nations of the United Kingdom and the design reflects themes of Britishness and aspects of UK history " .
But the first cards to be issued this autumn to young volunteers in Manchester and north - west England will not include Welsh language names of applicants .
It will eventually be possible to apply for a national ID card in Welsh and to have a Welsh name reflected on the card but the Home Office has not yet resolved all the design problems involved .
A recent Identity and Passport Service impact assessment of the next phase of the ID card scheme says it is important that it is designed in a way that is open to everyone who has the right to live in the United Kingdom – whether they are British , Irish or a national from another country .
The Home Office say that they are clear that the ID card scheme must work in a way that " fully recognises the identity rights of the people of Northern Ireland as laid out in the Belfast Agreement " .
The assessment says that while some symbols have been included within the card 's design to indicate that the document has been issued by the British government they have " sought to design features which can reflect all parts of the United Kingdom , such as the inclusion of the shamrock to represent Ireland within the tactile feature , and we have sought to avoid symbols such as flags " .
The decision means that Irish nationals living in Northern Ireland will be issued with an " identification card " which is a version of the identity card which will differ from that issued to British citizens .
This will not record an individual 's identity and therefore cannot be used as a travel document around Europe as only the Irish government can issue a travel document to Irish citizens .
However they will be registered on the British ID national database and so be able to use the card to prove their identity .
The Home Office is also going to assure those who hold Irish nationality or dual citizenship living in Britain that they will continue to have the right to apply for an Irish passport even though they are on the UK national identity register .
The ID card design unveiled today shows the information contained on the face of the card , including photograph , name , date of birth and signature as well as the unique design .
The Home Office said the information contained on it is " similar " to that on a current UK passport as well as a photograph and fingerprints on a secure electronic chip .
The home secretary , Alan Johnson , said : " The introduction of ID cards today reaches another milestone , enabling the people of Manchester to prove and protect their identity in a quick , simple and secure way .
" Given the growing problem of identity fraud and the inconvenience of having to carry passports , coupled with gas bills or six months ' worth of bank statements to prove identity , I believe the ID card will be welcomed as an important addition to the many plastic cards that most people already carry . "
Rebecca Boone Associated Press
BOISE – The Idaho Department of Correction has settled lawsuits with two transgender inmates who castrated themselves after they were denied feminizing hormone therapy .
The terms of the settlements were not disclosed , but the department has changed its policy for identifying and treating transgender inmates .
The policy now limits the time inmates must wait for treatment , specifies how they may be diagnosed , and clarifies when they qualify for hormone therapy .
Josephime Von Isaak sued the state in 2006 , and Jenniffer Ann Spencer sued the following year .
Both inmates , who were born with male anatomy but consider themselves female , contended they were subjected to cruel and unusual punishment because they were denied treatment for gender identity disorder .
Spencer was serving time on a 2000 conviction for possession of a stolen car and escape when she cut off her own testicles with a disposable razor blade in 2004 an apparent effort to rid her body of testosterone .
Spencer survived the self - castration , and prison doctors prescribed testosterone replacement therapy – refusing to prescribe the estrogen Spencer wanted .
Isaak , who is serving a life sentence for second - degree murder , said she was also compelled to remove her own testicles with a razor in 2004 after the state failed to diagnose and treat her disorder .
Even then , Isaak said in the lawsuit , she went without the estrogen treatment she wanted , and a year after self - castrating she amputated the tip of her penis with a razor blade .
The state cited Isaak ’s birth gender and schizophrenia diagnosis when it denied her female hormones and a surgical sex change .
In Spencer ’s case , the state said a diagnosis of gender identity disorder was n’t warranted and that Spencer had lied about living as a woman and taking birth control pills before her incarceration .
Isaak ’s lawsuit was formally dismissed in the wake of the settlement Wednesday .
Spencer ’s lawsuit has not yet been formally dismissed , but both Spencer ’s and the state ’s attorneys signed a stipulated dismissal request that was filed in court Monday .
Shannon Minter , legal director of the National Center of Lesbian Rights and the attorney who represented both Spencer and Isaak , could not be immediately reached for comment .
Idaho Department of Correction spokesman Jeff Ray said he could n’t comment on the details of the settlements because it was a confidential legal matter .
However , Idaho Department of Correction Director Brent Reinke said the department changed its policy on transgender inmates to create a more detailed standard operating procedure .
“ It gives the staff more clarity in the specific steps that we ’re required to follow , ” Reinke said .
The old policy – six pages long and last revised in 2003 – calls for a Management and Treatment Committee made up of prison doctors and mental health workers to approve the diagnosis of gender identity disorder and to come up with a treatment plan .
Inmates who come into the prison already taking cross -sex hormone therapy can continue the treatment , if approved by the prison committee .
The new policy says inmates must be given information about available treatment for gender identity disorder , that inmates ca n’t be harassed by staffers for having been evaluated for the disorder , and that they must be moved to appropriate housing units while they are evaluated .
It also spells out that outside consultants may assist in the diagnosis and that a recommendation for treatment must be completed within two months of a gender identity disorder diagnosis .
Also under the new policy , if an inmate is taking cross -sex hormones when entering prison , the inmate will be allowed to continue unless another medical condition makes it unsafe or inadvisable to continue .
Four of the approximately 7,300 inmates in Idaho ’s prison system are diagnosed with gender identity disorder , Reinke said .
Bergamot oil is distilled from the rind of the Citrus Aurantium fruit , which is a pear - shaped , grapefruit - like citrus fruit .
The bergamot tree grows well in the Mediterranean and other warm , dry climates , but it is remarkably adaptive , and also thrives throughout much of Europe .
Bergamot essential oil has a distinctly citrus smell , but it is also warm and a little spicy ; it 's been used for decades in commercial facial , skin , and haircare products .
Bergamot is also used in lots of aromatherapy products , both for massage and for other essential oil aromatherapy treatments .
The flavouring is an essential part of my favourite two types of tea - Earl Grey and Lady Grey are both types of bergamot tea .
It give the tea a distinctive and delicate flavour , and the bergamot fragrance steaming from the cup of lovely , too .
Bergamot oranges are also used in cooking , including some types of marmalade .
After 25 years of retirement , it does n't take much to bring the inventor of the Hacky Sack and once - frequent footbag tournament organizer back into the game .
On Saturday and Sunday , former Oregon City resident John Stalberger , Jr. will help engineer and oversee the 29th annual U.S. Open Footbag Freestyle Championships in Vancouver , ending his quarter - century absence from the sport .
Footbag frenzy
The 2009 U.S. Open Freestyle Footbag Championships will take place in Vancouver this weekend .
Registration starts at 7 p.m. Friday in front of the entrance to the Nautilus World Headquarters sports facility , 16400 Southeast Nautilus Drive .
The championship events will be held from 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. , both Saturday and Sunday .
Events include open performance and open routines , as well as circle competition .
Clinics for the public will be added to the agenda this year .
Both days of competition are open to the public .
" All my kids are grown and I truly believe that what God put me here for I have n't finished , " said Stalberger , now of Camas , Wash . , about his comeback .
" I want to do this for the players , I want to do this for the sport . "
The dream began about in 1972 in the Oregon City basement of Stalberger 's late friend , Mike Marshall .
Because of the usual frequent rain , the duo had to move inside to kick around a denim bag filled with rice .
" Actually that 's what made us good because we played in a basement where the ceiling was low and we had to learn how to control the footbag , " Stalberger said .
" We would more or less dream about how we were going to make this sport big . "
The rest , as they say , is history .
Stalberger was awarded the patent for Hacky Sack in 1979 , four years after Marshall died in his late 20s of a heart attack .
The two are credited with inventing the American version of the centuries - old footbag game .
Historians believe the Chinese emperor Huang
Ti was among the first to kick around a hair - filled leather footbag in about 2597 B.C.
He reportedly made his military use it in training .
But footbag playing became popular as a party game and at concerts in America after the Hacky Sack was introduced , according to Bruce Guettich , president of the World Footbag Association .
" The vast majority of the people who play this game play it is because it's non-competitive , " said Guettich , who kicked his first footbag on the steps of Portland 's Grant High School .
" People used to say it 's just a fad , that it 's just another hula hoop .
That is absolutely false .
This is here to stay . "
For the past couple of decades , Stalberger , now 58 , has busied himself with raising a family and trying his hand at several occupations in construction and as a business consultant .
For the past 10 years , he has sold real estate .
Several weeks ago , he gave one of his nine grandchildren his first Hacky Sack .
" My 6 - year - old grandson went to my daughter and said , ' Mama , I am so glad my papa invented the Hacky Sack ' , " Stalberger recalled .
" When your grandkids are kicking one around , that 's cool . "
This weekend , Stalberger will stage his return to the sport he loves most .
An estimated 50 professional footbag jugglers from the United States and Canada will descend on Vancouver to " hack the sack . "
This is the first time the U.S. Open Freestyle Footbag Competition has moved out of Portland in 29 years .
Competitors will take part in both individual events and group events , which performed in a circle .
Scott Bevier , a footbag player for the past 10 years , will compete in several events , including an individual , two - minute routine he crafted himself .
The 29 - year - old Bevier , who recently moved from Pennsylvania to Portland , said he practices between five and seven hours a week and planned for his routine beginning last fall .
" I 'm always trying to refine my form and to express myself through footbag , " he said .
Bevier 's career began in 1999 when someone spotted him playing footbag and thought he had potential .
" It took a bit of convincing but then I went to a tournament and realized there was so much to learn , " he said .
" I just got hooked on learning . "
Since then , he has placed third in individual freestyle competitions at the World Footbag Championships in 2004 and 2007 .
He said he also appeared as actor Adam Sandler 's double in an opening scene of the 2008 movie , " Do n't Mess With the Zohan , " in which Bevier plays footbag with a group of people on a beach .
Bevier said he is looking forward to the national competition next weekend and once - again seeing Stalberger .
" It 's always great to see John and show him what his babies turned into , " he said .
The truth may set you free , but not if you 're a Republican and the subject is taxes .
After all , 95 % of American families as promised received a tax cut from the Obama stimulus package .
And while three - quarters of Americans support President Obama 's proposal to roll back the Bush tax cuts for those earning over $ 250,000 to their Clinton - era levels , it turns out that affluent voters , too , chose Barack Obama over John McCain .
Making matters worse , a Gallup poll Monday revealed that Americans ' " views of income taxes among most positive since 1956 . "
So as their furious followers head off to their April 15th orgy of tea - bagging , the leadership of the GOP and its amen corner in the right - wing media have instead turned to tall tales on taxes .
Here , then , are 10 Republican Tax Day lies :
President Obama will raise taxes on small businesses .
The estate tax devastates small businesses and family farms .
40 % of Americans pay no taxes .
Tax cuts always increase revenue .
The GOP is the party of fiscal discipline .
Ronald Reagan was the greatest tax cutter of all time .
FDR caused the Great Depression , or at least made it worse .
Obama 's cap - and - trade plan will cost each American family $ 3,100 a year .
Obama 's tax proposals will undermine charitable giving .
The rich pay too much in taxes already .
For the details behind each of the GOP's Tax Day deceits , continue reading .
Lie#1 : President Obama will raise taxes on small businesses .
John McCain introduced this fraud along with Joe the Plumber during the 2008 campaign .
McCain proclaimed Obama 's plan to restore 1990's tax rates for taxpayers making over $ 250,000 meant " the small businesses that we 're talking about would receive an increase in their taxes right now . "
In February , Senate Minority Leader Mitch McConnell ( R - KY ) regurgitated the long - debunked talking point :
" I do n't think raising taxes is a great idea , and when our good friends on the other side of the aisle say raising the taxes on the wealthy , what they are really talking about is small business . "
Of course , they 're not talking about small business .
As CNN concluded in October , " fewer than 2 % of small business owners would pay more under Obama 's plan . "
But in case there was any doubt about the Republicans ' deception on the point , the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center quickly put it to rest :
Out of 34.7 million filers with business income on Schedules C , E or F , 479,000 filers fall into the top two brackets , according to an analysis of projected 2009 filings by the nonpartisan Tax Policy Center .
The other 34.3 million - or 98.6 % - would be unaffected by Obama 's proposed rate hike .
Lie # 2 : The estate tax devastates small businesses and family farms .
This Republican scam over the so - called " death tax " is as bogus now as it was when President Bush first perpetrated it eight years ago .
The House GOP budget , fittingly unveiled by Rep. Paul Ryan on April Fool 's Day , would eliminate the estate tax altogether .
While Nevada Senator John Ensign recently griped , " It destroys a lot of small businesses and a lot of family farms and ranches in America , " House Minority Leader John Boehner ( R - OH ) groused :
" People who are n't wealthy , who may have built up value in land over generations and many family farms find themselves in situations where they 've got to sell the farm in order the pay the taxes . "
But as the Washington Post explained , under President Obama budget , 99.76 % of estates would pay no taxes whatsoever :
The estate tax is scheduled to disappear in 2010 , only to be resurrected the following year at its 2001 level , when it applied only to estates worth over $ 2 million per couple at a rate of 55 percent .
In fact , no one expects it to return to that level -- although letting it do so would be a far more rational response to the current crisis than the Lincoln - Kyl approach .
Rather , President Obama has proposed holding the tax at this year 's level : an exemption of $ 7 million per couple , with a 45 percent rate for amounts beyond that ; this would cost $ 484 billion over 10 years .
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus ( D - Mont. ) has endorsed this solution , with indexing for inflation .
This would hardly be punitive .
At that level , 99.76 percent of estates would incur no tax whatsoever .
Those who owe would pay , on average , $ 2.25 million less than they would have paid at the 2001 exemption level .
Why in the world should these folks get more of a tax cut ?
Why ?
Because even in a time of national economic calamity , the Republican Party remains committed to dramatically shifting the tax burden away from the wealthiest Americans .
( And unfortunately , Blanche Lincoln ( D - AR ) and nine other Democrats are aiding and abetting that transfer by supporting a lower tax rate of 35 % for estates starting at $ 10 million per couple .
The price tag ?
$ 250 billion . )
Last week , the Tax Policy Center quantified just how few family farms or small businesses are actually impacted by the estate tax proposals under consideration :
We estimate that under the Obama proposal , 100 family farms and businesses would owe tax .
( We define such estates as those where farm or business assets are valued at under $ 5 million and comprise the majority of estate assets . )
The Lincoln - Kyl proposal would cut the number to 40 .
Even under current law , fewer than 2,700 family farms and businesses would owe tax .
Lie # 3 : 40 % of Americans pay no taxes .
This canard , too , has been in circulation since last summer .
Parroting right - wing papers including the Wall Street Journal , the Washington Times and Richard Mellon Scaife 's Pittsburgh Tribune Review , the McCain campaign argued , " Obama raises taxes on seniors , hard working families to give ' welfare ' to those who pay none . "
While Sean Hannity and Rudy Giuliani echoed the " welfare " charge in January , on Monday , former Bush press secretary Ari Fleischer kept up the drum beat , deeming Obama 's middle class tax cuts a " moral problem " when " 50 % of the country gets benefits without paying for them . "
Alas , they do pay for them .
As FactCheck among others noted , Republican conveniently ignore sales , excise and most of all , payroll taxes .
Starting with the first dollar they earn , virtually all American workers pay the 6.2 % Social Security tax ( on income up to $ 97,000 ) and another 1.45 % for Medicare .
An analysis by the Tax Policy Center concluded , " three quarters of filers pay more in payroll taxes than in income taxes . "
That millions of hard working American families pay no income taxes is due in large measure to the Earned Income Tax Credit .
Created in 1975 , the EITC " a refundable federal income tax credit for low - income working individuals and families " that results in a tax refund to those who claim and qualify for the credit when the EITC exceeds the amount of taxes owed .
As the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities detailed in 2005 , the EITC has not only been extremely successful in reducing poverty , it has enjoyed broad bipartisan support .
None other than Ronald Reagan called it , " the best anti-poverty , the best pro-family , the best job creation measure to come out of Congress . "
As a new Gallup poll released today suggests , the American people seem to agree .
In the wake of the new Obama tax cuts , Gallup found , " more say low - income Americans paying fair share of taxes . "
Lie # 4 : Tax cuts always increase revenue
Thanks to supply - side snake oil salesman Arthur Laffer and his magical Laffer Curve , conservatives have been peddling this myth since the age of Reagan .
Tax cuts , which GOP doctrine now claims is the universal cure - all for surpluses and deficits , male pattern baldness and erectile dysfunction , are at the center of every Republican economic program .
As John McCain put it during the campaign , " tax cuts , starting with Kennedy , as we all know , increase revenues . "
And in February , Texas Republican Senator Kay Bailey Hutchison offered the purest statement of Arthur Laffer 's fantasy :
" Every major tax cut we 've had in history has created more revenue . "
As it turns out , not so much .
The claim , as ThinkProgress neatly summed it up , is empirically and historically false :
The notion that cutting taxes somehow - magically - increases government revenues is a myth that wo n't die .
" The claim that tax cuts pay for themselves ... is contradicted by the historical record , " reported the Center on Budget and Policy Priorities , which showed that revenues grew twice as fast in the 1990s , when taxes were raised , than in the 1980s , when taxes were cut .
FactCheck.org called a claim like Hutchison 's " highly misleading " and stated the obvious fact that " we can't have both lower taxes and fatter government coffers . "
Lie # 5 : The GOP is the party of fiscal discipline .
Back in February , AP reporter and John McCain donut server Liz Sidoti wrote of beaten and battered Republicans trying to find their way back from the political wilderness in a piece titled , " GOP tries to restore image of fiscal discipline . "
Of course , that would constitute a return to a time that never was .
Far from the deficit hawks of Republican legend , the modern Republican Party from Reagan forward devastated the U.S. treasury , leaving mounting debt and hemorrhaging red ink for as far as the eye can see .
As it turns out , U.S. national debt tripled under Ronald Reagan , only to double again under George W. Bush .
As this eye - popping chart shows , under recent Republican presidents the debt exploded as a percentage of GDP , interrupted only by the all - too - brief fiscal sanity of the Clinton years .
" Reagan , " Dick Cheney once famously declared , " proved that deficits do n't matter . "
Apparently , that rule only applies when a Republican is sitting in the Oval Office
Lie # 6 : Ronald Reagan was the greatest tax cutter of all time .
Through thick and thin , this hagiography of Ronald Reagan is central to Republican identity .
But as Steve Benen rightly noted , it is President Obama whose stimulus plan delivered the largest two - year tax cut in history .
And as it turns out , what Saint Ronnie giveth , he also taketh away .
As predicted , Reagan 's massive $ 749 billion supply - side tax cuts in 1981 quickly produced even more massive annual budget deficits .
Combined with his rapid increase in defense spending , Reagan delivered not the balanced budgets he promised , but record - settings deficits .
Even his OMB alchemist David Stockman could not obscure the disaster with his famous " rosy scenarios . "
Ultimately , Reagan was forced to raise taxes twice to avert financial catastrophe ( a fact John McCain learned the hard way from Tom Brokaw last October ) .
By the time he left office in 1989 , Ronald Reagan nonetheless more than equaled the entire debt burden produced by the previous 200 years of American history .
Lie # 7 : FDR caused the Great Depression , or at least made it worse .
Desperate to change their miserable present , Republicans are traveling back in time to rewrite the past .
Despite the easily debunked claim ( for example , here and here ) , Republican leaders including John McCain and Mitch McConnell still insist FDR made the Great Depression worse .
Others , such as Rep. Steve Austria ( R - OH ) went so far as to blame FDR 's programs launched four years after the 1929 stock market crash for causing it in the first place :
" When ( President Franklin ) Roosevelt did this , he put our country into a Great Depression , " Austria said .
" He tried to borrow and spend , he tried to use the Keynesian approach , and our country ended up in a Great Depression .
That 's just history . "
Of course , that 's not history .
As Jonathan Chait documented in his devastating demolition of conservative propagandist Amity Schlaes ' revisionist attack on the New Deal , FDR slashed unemployment by more than half and largely restored industrial production and GDP growth even before the onset of World War II .
Only when Roosevelt wavered in the face of conservative pressure in 1937 did his New Deal temporarily falter .
Lie # 8 . Obama 's cap - and - trade plan will cost each American family $ 3,100 a year .
Having failed to either block President Obama 's middle class tax cuts or to successfully demagogue his proposals for upper income and estate taxes , the Republican leadership turned to a new scare tactic .
John Boehner , Mitch McConnell and at least 17 other Congressional Republicans falsely claimed that Obama 's proposed $ 650 billion cap - and - trade system constitutes a $ 3,100 a year tax on every American family .
As Rep. Jeb Hensarling ( R - TX ) put it :
" The Democratic budget is proposing a national energy tax which according to studies at MIT could pose a $ 3,128 burden on every working family in America . "
But as MIT professor and co-author of the study Assessment of U.S. Cap - and - Trade Proposals John Reilly pointed out , the research " has been misrepresented in recent press releases distributed by the National Republican Congressional Committee . "
As he wrote in a letter to John Boehner :
" The press release claims our report estimates an average cost per family of a carbon cap and trade program that would meet targets now being discussed in Congress to be over $ 3,000 , but that is nearly 10 times the correct estimate which is approximately $ 340 . [...]
Our Report 160 shows that the costs on lower and middle income households can be completely offset by returning allowance revenue to these households . "
For his part , Boehner responded by insisting he would stand by his discredited talking point .
As they show time and again , the utter falsehood of a statement is no barrier to Republicans repeating it .
Lie # 9 .
Obama 's tax proposals will undermine charitable giving .
In his budget , President Obama has proposed raising $ 318 billion over the next decade by trimming wealthier taxpayers ' deductions for charitable giving to 28 % from its current 35 % .
Predictably , Republicans ( joined by some Democrats ) forecast an apocalypse for donations to charities .
As John Boehner ominously warned :
" It will also deliver a sharp blow to charities at a time when they are hurting during the economic downturn . "
But as Bloomberg and The Chronicle of Philanthropy each reported , Obama 's proposal for 2011 would likely have little to no impact on charitable giving .
As Bloomberg noted :
Not necessarily , say tax and philanthropy experts .
They say altruistic or religious motives outweigh tax - shelter considerations among such donors , and cite previous limitations placed on deductions for high earners that they say have n't hurt donations .
Among those previous limitations , as OMB director Peter Orszag among others recalled , was the same upper income 28 % deduction during Ronald Reagan 's first term .
As Orszag told reporters on February 26th , the record shows that " what drives charitable contributions is overall economic growth . "
Ironically , what might have a more serious impact on charitable giving is Republican plans to scrap the estate tax .
As then CBO head and later chief McCain economic adviser Douglas Holtz - Eakin wrote in a 2004 study by the agency :
Furthermore , the estate tax provides an incentive to make charitable contributions during life .
The paper finds that increasing the amount exempted from the estate tax from $ 675,000 to either $ 2 million or $ 3.5 million would reduce charitable giving by less than 3 percent .
However , repealing the tax would have a larger impact , decreasing donations to charity by 6 percent to 12 percent .
Lie # 10 : The rich pay too much in taxes already .
While 60 % of Americans in recent Gallup polls believe upper - income people are " paying too little " in taxes , it is an article of faith among Republicans that the reverse is true .
In one variant of this argument , Arthur Laffer claims Barack Obama will have to raise taxes on lower and middle income Americans because " it can not be done at the high end because those people can get away from it . "
That assessment echoes George W. Bush , who similarly argued in 2004 , " The really rich people figure out how to dodge taxes anyway . "
( They are right in one sense ; thanks to the GOP 's gutting of the IRS in the 1990's , by 2007 the amount of federal revenue lost to fraud and unpaid taxes catapulted to $ 300 billion . )
Leave it to Bush 's former flunkie Ari Fleischer to make even more comical Tax Week plea on behalf of the nation 's bedraggled wealthy .
The top 10 % of taxpayers , Fleischer argued , are " supporting virtually everyone and everything " and " their burden keeps getting heavier . "
As he put it :
" It 's also what 's called redistribution of income , and it is getting out of hand . "
Oh , it 's gotten out of hand all right , just not in the direction Fleischer claims .
As the Center for American Progress noted , the Bush tax cuts delivered a third of their total benefits to the wealthiest 1 % of Americans .
And to be sure , their payday was staggering .
As the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities detailed , by 2007 millionaires on average pocketed $ 120,000 from the Bush tax cuts of 2001 and 2003 .
Those in the top 1 % stashed an extra $ 45,000 a year .
As a result , millionaires saw their after - tax incomes rise by 7.6 % , while the gains for the middle quintile and bottom 20 % of Americans were a paltry 2.3 % and 0.4 % , respectively .
( Another CBPP study demonstrated that the Bush tax cuts accounted for half of the mushrooming deficits during his tenure in the White House . )
And as the New York Times revealed in 2006 , the 2003 Bush dividend and capital gains tax cuts offered almost nothing to taxpayers earning below $ 100,000 a year .
Instead , those windfalls reduced taxes " on incomes of more than $ 10 million by an average of about $ 500,000 . "
As the Times revealed in a jaw - dropping chart , " the top 2 percent of taxpayers , those making more than $ 200,000 , received more than 70 % of the increased tax savings from those cuts in investment income . "
So it should come as no surprise that the income share of the 400 richest Americans doubled over the past decade .
There is , of course , one final GOP meta - myth for Tax Day .
Despite their best efforts to portray Republicans as the best economic stewards for America , the record clearly shows that the stock market and the economy over all almost always do better under Democratic presidents .
( This piece also appears at Perrspectives . )
Techniques For Getting A Cash Advance
These days , getting behind on monthly bills is not difficult to complete and may produce some critical havoc in your life .
Dealing with landlords , a credit card , and so on .
can be extremely nerve - racking .
...
More than 30 years ago , in Arkansas , a sociologist proposed to a group of nursing home operators that they set aside “ privacy rooms ” for their residents to do whatever it is that consenting adults do in private .
Professor Eddie Hargrove maintained that hand - holding , kissing and petting “ probably would go further than a little medication at 10 o’clock at night , ” according to the New York Times .
The nursing home operators all rejected this idea then , and it apparently has not gained much ground since .
Flash forward a generation , and an advocate for medical marijuana asked me recently if -- in my role as a psychologist in long - term care facilities -- I had ever seen it used in nursing homes .
I could only lamely reply , “ That ’s about as likely as sex . ”
I ’m no expert on sex , and I ’m not a lawyer , but where is the law that says you check your rights and liberties at the nursing home door ?
Advertisement
There is none that I know of .
In fact , the law says you retain the right to a sex life wherever you reside .
The federal government -- which pays for most long - term care through Medicare and Medicaid -- enacted the Nursing Home Reform
Act of 1987 , mandating that continued federal funding for a nursing home required the institution to maintain an environment in which each resident can “ attain and maintain his or her highest practicable physical , mental and psychosocial well - being . ”
In addition to specifying that certified nursing homes provide basic services such as physical therapy and recreation , the law also contains a Residents ’
Bill of Rights that includes the right to privacy and the accommodation of personal needs .
At the local level , many states have followed up with a further enumeration of individual rights in long - term care .
In California , for example , the Welfare and Institutions Code specifies that residents have the right “ to live in an environment that enhances personal dignity , maintains independence and encourages self - determination , ” and “ to participate in activities that meet individual physical , intellectual , social and spiritual needs . ”
Advertisement
Then why is it so hard to remain sexually active in a nursing home ?
First , it ’s hard to find any privacy in nursing homes .
Doors are always open ; a closed one is viewed with the suspicious eyes of a teenager ’s mother wondering what ’s going on in there .
I recently had a resident referred to me for masturbating in front of an aide who had walked into the room .
Why did she walk in without knocking ?
Well , you ca n’t knock on an always open door .
And in your room -- typically shared with a total stranger after a lifetime of independence -- you have only a curtain for privacy .
When I ’m having a session with a resident in a nursing home -- even with the door closed -- it ’s quite common for an aide to just walk right in and start making up the bed .
The custodian might appear next with a mop , followed by the cable guy fiddling with the TV .
Unless you ’re into exhibitionism , it ’s hard to imagine consenting adult residents having sex under these conditions .
Advertisement
One nursing home -- the Hebrew Home at Riverdale in New York -- established , in 1995 , a policy recognizing the right to “ sexual expression , ” and it ’s often trotted out as the progressive example .
But in the dozens of nursing homes I ’ve visited over the years , I ’ve heard lip service to privacy but little action .
My colleagues in other states confirm my impressions .
In the typical nursing home , it ’s rare to hear the word “ sex ” without it being modified by “ inappropriate ” or “ offense . ”
There may be an “ ick ” factor when we think about our elders having sex .
But a 2007 University of Chicago survey , “ A Study of Sexuality and Health Among Older Adults in the United States , ” concluded that old people -- given the opportunity -- are as likely to be sexually active as the young , and well into their 70s and 80s .
But not in nursing homes .
It ’s easy to slip into the mind - set that because these people are in institutions , this gives us free rein to decide what ’s best for them .
But people in nursing homes retain the same rights as the rest of us to mess up or enhance their lives with sex .
Advertisement
I sometimes think of aging -- particularly in nursing homes -- as childhood in reverse : going from independence to dependence and paternalistic control .
As my baby boomer generation starts to fill up these institutions over the next couple of decades , I hope we continue to insist on our cherished rights of self - expression .
In the meantime , does it makes sense that it ’s easier to get a conjugal visit in a jail than in a nursing home ?
Ages ago , in the long - forgotten year 2002 , I was working on a viewer utility for Granny 3D .
In those days , cross - platform toolkits for any purpose were much less mature , and far less plentiful , than they are today .
If you were one of the comparatively few people shipping GUI applications across a wide variety of platforms , you were probably going to have to roll your own UI if you did n’t want to suffer mightily with one of the existing solutions .
So , in the course of developing the viewer utility , I wrote a GUI layer .
As I was writing it , I began to realize that “ retained ” GUI code design has all the same drawbacks that typically cause us to avoid using retained - mode APIs in graphics .
I experimented with having the GUI code operate in a more immediate fashion , like an immediate - mode graphics API , and found that everything was simpler , more powerful , and could span the gamut of both 2D and 3D interaction seamlessly .
Excited about the results , I reported on the technique to a private mailing list in the fall of 2002 .
To describe it , I coined the term “ Single - path Immediate Mode Graphical User Interface , ” borrowing the “ immediate mode ” term from graphics programming to illustrate the difference in API design from traditional GUI toolkits .
I continued to use the technique for several years , until I finally put up a super rough public video describing the basics in 2005 :
The dramatic effect of climate change on the Alps comes into focus as never before this week with the publication of a major report which reveals that the mountain range is rapidly dividing into two contrasting climatic zones , each posing new problems .
The Convention on the Protection of the Alps is a statutory EU body set up in 1991 and its magisterial second report , published tomorrow , which has been seen by The Independent , reveals that the northern ranges of the Alps are suffering ever more serious flooding while the parched southern mountains see less and less snow .
According to the report , precipitation in the south - east of the region has fallen nearly 10 per cent in the past 100 years while rain and snowfall in the north - west ranges has increased by the same amount over this time .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
" Predictions that the European climate is dividing into two are becoming all too real , " said Marco Onida , secretary general of the Convention , who will present the report at the organisation 's headquarters in Bolzano , Italy , tomorrow , in the presence of EU officials and national representatives .
" The result will be havoc for the Alps and the communities and wildlife that rely on area . "
Changing patterns of rain and snowfall , shrinking glaciers and rising temperatures will affect not only the mountains but also the communities which rely on their resources , the report warns .
Already some Alpine villages in the north of the range face flooding , while areas further south are seeing tourist and other trades increasingly threatened .
Some areas have already suffered water shortages .
The Alps ' most famous high peaks , Mont Blanc , The Matterhorn and Monte Rosa mark part of the dividing line between the increasingly wet north of the region and Italy and Slovenia in the dryer south .
North of the dividing line , flooding and mud slides are becoming a common threat in some Alpine communities .
In the south , some of the Europe 's most celebrated Alpine beauty spots , including Italy 's Dolomites are under threat , although some micro-climates mean the dividing line does not following a rigid north - south line .
As a result of these changes , only one Alpine river – Italy 's 178 - mile - long Tagliamento in the north - east of the country – has not suffered drastic modifications , the reports says .
And even the Tagliamento may not be safe : the wildlife charity WWF has warned that even this , the Alps ' last river system , is threatened by water abstraction in the upper Tagliamento valley , organic pollution , and gravel exploitation .
The situation across the Alps is made worse , the Convention report says , by the increasing demand for artificial snow created during the winter months by snow machines working on the ski slopes .
This is needed to sustain the winter sports industry which is an economic mainstay of the slopes , but places a further heavy burden on water and energy supplies which are already under great stress .
" The Alps are the water tower of Europe , " Dr Onida told The Independent , " But increasingly much of the water is not reaching the places downstream where it is needed , for ecosystems , agriculture and energy production . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
Around 16 million people in eight countries , from France in the west to Hungary in the east , live in the arc of Europe 's biggest mountain range .
Rain and snow from its mountains provide the Danube , Rhine , Rhone and Po rivers with up to 80 per cent of their water .
Representatives from all eight Alpine countries – France , Italy , Germany , Switzerland , Austria , Lichtenstein , Slovenia and Hungary – together with the European Union – signed up to the Alpine Convention in 1991 .
The report warns not only that the destruction of the Alps is accelerating , but that disruption to water supplies will be felt much further afield than originally thought .
Glacier shrinkage earlier this year led the Italian and Swiss governments to propose the first changes in the border line between the two countries in more than a century .
Dr Onida said there was " a battle between agriculture and tourism for control over water supplies " owing to the increasingly intensive exploitation of the slopes .
Climate change is also driving Alpine species further up the mountains while exotic species including palms get a foothold lower down .
Claim : E-mail offers information about the Canadian health care system .
Status : Multiple — see below .
Example : [ Collected via e-mail , September 2007 ]
This was sent from Canada to a friend in the States .
This was sent from Canada to a friend in the States .
I saw on the news up here in Canada where Hillary Clinton introduced her new health care plan .
Something similar to what we have in Canada .
I also heard that Michael Moore was raving about the health care up here in Canada in his latest movie .
As your friend and someone who lives with the Canada health care plan I thought I would give you some facts about this great medical plan that we have in Canada .
First of all : 1 ) The health care plan in Canada is not free .
We pay a premium every month of $ 96 for Shirley and I to be covered .
Sounds great eh .
What they do n’t tell you is how much we pay in taxes to keep the health care system afloat .
I am personally in the 55 % tax bracket .
Yes 55 % of my earnings go to taxes .
A large portion of that and I am not sure of the exact amount goes directly to health care our # 1 expense .
2 ) I would not classify what we have as health care plan , it is more like a health diagnosis system .
You can get into to see a doctor quick enough so he can tell you “ yes indeed you are sick or you need an operation ” but now the challenge becomes getting treated or operated on .
We have waiting lists out the ying yang some as much as 2 years down the road .
3 ) Rather than fix what is wrong with you the usual tactic in Canada is to prescribe drugs .
Have a pain here is a drug to take — not what is causing the pain and why .
No time for checking you out because it is more important to move as many patients thru as possible each hour for Government re-imbursement 4 ) Many Canadians do not have a family Doctor .
5 ) Do n’t require emergency treatment as you may wait for hours in the emergency room waiting for treatment .
6 ) Shirley ’s dad cut his hand on a power saw a few weeks back and it required that his hand be put in a splint – to our surprise we had to pay $ 125 for a splint because it is not covered under health care plus we have to pay $ 60 for each visit for him to check it out each week .
7 ) Shirley ’s cousin was diagnosed with a heart blockage .
Put on a waiting list .
Died before he could get treatment .
8 ) Government allots so many operations per year .
When that is done no more operations , unless you go to your local newspaper and plead your case and embarrass the government then money suddenly appears .
9 ) The Government takes great pride in telling us how much more they are increasing the funding for health care but waiting lists never get shorter .
Government just keeps throwing money at the problem but it never goes away .
But they are good at finding new ways to tax us , but they do n’t call it a tax anymore it is now a user fee .
10 ) A friend needs an operation for a blockage in her leg but because she is a smoker they will not do it .
Despite paying into the health care system all these years .
My friend is 65 years old .
Now there is talk that maybe we should not treat fat and obese people either because they are a drain on the health care system .
Let me see now , what we want in Canada is a health care system for healthy people only .
That should reduce our health care costs .
11 ) Forget getting a second opinion , what you see is what you get .
12 ) I can spend what money I have left after taxes on booze , cigarettes , junk food and anything else that could kill me but I am not allowed by law to spend my money on getting an operation I need because that would be jumping the queue .
I must wait my turn except if I am a hockey player or athlete then I can get looked at right away .
Go figger .
Where else in the world can you spend money to kill yourself but not allowed to spend money to get healthy .
13 ) Oh did I mention that immigrants are covered automatically at tax payer expense having never contributed a dollar to the system and pay no premiums .
14 ) Oh yeh we now give free needles to drug users to try and keep them healthy .
Would n’t want a sickly druggie breaking into your house and stealing your things .
But people with diabetes who pay into the health care system have to pay for their needles because it is not covered but the health care system .
I send this out not looking for sympathy but as the election looms in the states you will be hearing more and more about universal health care down there and the advocates will be pointing to Canada .
I just want to make sure that you hear the truth about health care up here and have some food for thought and informed questions to ask when broached with this subject .
Step wisely and do n’t make the same mistakes we have .
Origins :
The first thing to note is that any broad statements about “ the Canada health care plan ” have to be qualified , because Canada does not have a single national health care plan ( and therefore what is true about health care in one part of Canada is not necessarily true in another ) .
What Canada has is a national health insurance program which is implemented via ( thirteen different ) provincial and territorial health insurance plans , according to the guidelines of the Canada Health Act :
Canada ’s health care system is best described as a collection of plans administered by the 10 provinces and 3 territories , each differing from the others in some respects but similarly structured to meet the federal conditions for funding .
The simplicity of the five federal conditions is arguably one of the beauties of the Canadian system .
They are the provision of all medically necessary services ( defined as most physician and hospital services ) , the public administration of the system , the portability of coverage throughout Canada , the universal coverage of all citizens and residents , and the absence of user charges at the point of care for core medical and hospital services .
As for the issues raised in the e-mail quoted above :
The health care plan in Canada is not free .
We pay a premium every month of $ 96 .
Each province ( and territory ) has a number of options for financing its share of the cost for its health insurance plan .
Some provinces have opted to finance their health insurance costs through the payment of premiums ; other provinces and territories have chosen to finance their shares through various taxes and / or other revenue streams :
Each province and territory has considerable leeway in determining how its share of the cost of its health insurance plan will be financed .
Financing can be through the payment of premiums ( as is the case in Alberta and British Columbia ) , payroll taxes , sales taxes , other provincial or territorial revenues , or by a combination of methods .
Health insurance premiums are permitted as long as residents are not denied coverage for medically necessary hospital and physician services because of an inability to pay such premiums .
Each province and territory has considerable leeway in determining how its share of the cost of its health insurance plan will be financed .
Financing can be through the payment of premiums ( as is the case in Alberta and British Columbia ) , payroll taxes , sales taxes , other provincial or territorial revenues , or by a combination of methods .
Health insurance premiums are permitted as long as residents are not denied coverage for medically necessary hospital and physician services because of an inability to pay such premiums .
Provinces that levy premiums have also instituted premium assistance schemes that are based on income , and those who cannot afford to pay premiums may apply for assistance through the provincial health insurance plans .
The referenced $ 96 figure is what a family of two living in the province of British Columbia would pay in monthly Medical Service Plan ( MSP ) premiums .
What they do n’t tell you is how much we pay in taxes to keep the health care system afloat .
I am personally in the 55 % tax bracket .
Yes 55 % of my earnings go to taxes .
The highest federal income tax rate in Canada is 29 % ( for persons with annual taxable income over $ 120,887 ) , and the highest provincial income tax rate in British Columbia is 14.7 % ( for those with annual taxable incomes over over $ 95,909 ) .
The typical upper - income level Canadian taxpayer is not in a 55 % tax bracket .
By way of comparison , a typical upper - income level American taxpayer residing in California pays a roughly equivalent share of his income in federal and state taxes , even though the U.S. has no national health insurance program .
We have waiting lists out the ying yang some as much as 2 years down the road .
As noted above , any broad statement about Canada ’s health insurance program is difficult to assess because Canada has a number of different provincial / territorial programs , not one national program .
Wait times for medical procedures in particular can vary quite widely across provinces , cities , and individual hospitals , and of course wait times can also vary widely depending upon the type of procedures involved .
Using Ontario ( Canada ’s most populous province ) as an example , we find that provincial wait times measured in mid-2007 ranged from 13 days for angioplasty to 297 days for knee replacements .
Similar , median wait times in British Columbia ( measured for the three months ending in July 2007 ) ranged from 1 week for cancer services to 17.5 weeks for knee replacements .
Rather than fix what is wrong with you the usual tactic in Canada is to prescribe drugs .
Have a pain here is a drug to take — not what is causing the pain and why .
No time for checking you out because it is more important to move as many patients thru as possible each hour for Government re-imbursement .
We have not found any study demonstrating that doctors in Canada are more likely to issue prescriptions in lieu of performing more thorough diagnoses than doctors in any other western countries are .
An important factor to consider in this area ( one which is not unique to Canada ) was reported in a 1997 British Medical Journal article which noted that studies have found patients often report dissatisfaction with their doctors if they do n’t receive prescriptions as a result of office visits , even if prescriptions are not the best course of treatment for their health issues .
Many Canadians do not have a family Doctor .
A 2005 survey conducted by the College of Family Physicians of Canada , the Canadian Medical Association , and the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada reported that “ more than 4 million Canadians do not have access to a family doctor . ”
This figure represented about 12 % of the 2005 population of Canada .
Note that the term “ family doctor ” as used here refers to a family ( or general ) practitioner .
Thus the statement “ some Canadians do not have family doctors ” does not simply mean those persons see a number of different physicians instead regularly visiting the same physician ; it means they do not have access to physicians who specifically practice family medicine .
Do n’t require emergency treatment as you may wait for hours in the emergency room waiting for treatment .
As with other kinds of medical care , emergency room treatment wait times can vary quite widely from province to province , region to region , and hospital to hospital .
A 2005 -2006 study of Ontario emergency departments conducted by the Canadian Institute for Health Information ( CIHI ) found the following :
Ninety per cent of patients who went to major teaching hospitals were seen within nine hours while the vast majority of patients who sought care at busy community hospitals ( those with more than 30,000 emergency visits per year ) concluded their visits within 7 - 1/ 2 hours .
Ninety per cent of patients who went to major teaching hospitals were seen within nine hours while the vast majority of patients who sought care at busy community hospitals ( those with more than 30,000 emergency visits per year ) concluded their visits withinhours .
Waits were shorter in less busy community hospitals , where 90 per cent of patients spent three hours or less seeking and receiving emergency care .
But only 30 per cent of people in need of help went to these smaller institutions .
Seventy per cent sought assistance at either the busier community hospitals or teaching institutions , where waits were two or three times longer .
The good news for the extremely ill is that 50 per cent of patients who require the most urgent care were seen by a doctor within six minutes and 86 per cent were seen within 30 minutes of arrival in emergency departments .
Geography clearly mattered in terms of wait times , according to the study data .
People in the Toronto area , where 90 per cent of patients were in and out in just under 12 hours , faced the longest delays .
The shortest waits were in the Sudbury - Sault Ste. Marie area , where 90 per cent of patients finished their visit to hospital emergency departments in about 4 - 1/ 2 hours
Shirley ’s dad cut his hand on a power saw a few weeks back and it required that his hand be put in a splint — to our surprise we had to pay $ 125 for a splint because it is not covered under health care plus we have to pay $ 60 for each visit for him to check it out each week .
Again , details vary from province to province , but some patients in some provinces may ( depending upon the circumstances ) have to pay ( some portion of the cost ) for medical appliances such as splints , trusses , braces , casts , or crutches , and / or the replacement , repair , fitting , or adjustment thereof .
Shirley ’s cousin was diagnosed with a heart blockage .
Put on a waiting list .
Died before he could get treatment .
The medical history of someone ’s unidentified cousin cannot be verified .
However , the way this statement is worded , the anonymous person referred to could have coincidentally died of something unrelated to a heart blockage .
Government allots so many operations per year .
When that is done no more operations
The Canadian government does not “ allot ” or set quotas on the number of operations for a given year .
Obviously how many surgeries can be performed is limited by available resources ( e.g. , doctors , hospitals , equipment ) , so patients have to be prioritized and scheduled , with the most urgent cases receiving priority .
The Government takes great pride in telling us how much more they are increasing the funding for health care but waiting lists never get shorter .
Government just keeps throwing money at the problem but it never goes away .
Canada has indeed committed to investing billions of dollars in a 10 Year Plan to reduce waiting times for access to health care :
The 10 Year Plan outlines strategic investments directed toward reducing waiting times for access to care , especially for cancer , heart , diagnostic imaging , joint replacement and sight restoration services .
To support the reduction of wait times , the Federal Government committed to investing $ 4.5 billion over six years , beginning in 2004 - 05 , in the Wait Times Reduction Fund .
The 10 Year Plan outlines strategic investments directed toward reducing waiting times for access to care , especially for cancer , heart , diagnostic imaging , joint replacement and sight restoration services .
To support the reduction of wait times , the Federal Government committed to investingover six years , beginning inin the Wait Times Reduction Fund .
The Wait Times Reduction Fund will augment existing provincial and territorial investments and assist jurisdictions in their diverse initiatives to reduce wait times .
This Fund will primarily be used for jurisdictional priorities such as training and hiring more health professionals , clearing backlogs , building capacity for regional centres of excellence , expanding appropriate ambulatory and community care programs and / or tools to manage wait times .
The broad ( and absolute ) statement that “ waiting lists never get shorter ” is not supportable .
As noted in the example of Ontario cited above , wait times for some medical services have decreased significantly in the last two years .
Similar statistics for other provinces and territories are linked here .
A friend needs an operation for a blockage in her leg but because she is a smoker they will not do it .
Despite paying into the health care system all these years .
The medical history of an anonymous friend is not verifiable , but it is possible that ( under any medical system ) doctors might delay a non-urgent surgery until complicating factors ( such as obesity or smoking ) which could greatly increase the risk of the operation and / or significantly interfere with the patient ’s ability to recover from it have been ameliorated .
Forget getting a second opinion , what you see is what you get .
In general , provincial health plans do not limit patients to visiting only one doctor each for any given medical issue .
Patients may consult multiple specialists if they so choose ( with the caveat that each additional consultation will likely require another wait for access ) .
I can spend what money I have left after taxes on booze , cigarettes , junk food and anything else that could kill me but I am not allowed by law to spend my money on getting an operation I need because that would be jumping the queue .
As the Newfoundland and Labrador Medical Association ( NLMA ) noted in a 2005 newsletter :
Canada is distinct from other industrialized countries to the extent that it does not have a parallel private system for the services covered by the public system .
For example , care provided in hospitals and by family doctors is almost exclusively publicly funded .
Canada is distinct from other industrialized countries to the extent that it does not have a parallel private system for the services covered by the public system .
For example , care provided in hospitals and by family doctors is almost exclusively publicly funded .
Private medical care is not illegal in Canada .
But the provinces do employ a number of disincentives to discourage a parallel private system .
The disincentives used vary from province to province .
One of the main disincentives used is to deny physicians the opportunity to work under the public insurance plan and to also have eligible patients paying privately .
In other words , physicians are forced to choose between whether they will have only patients who pay for services themselves or patients who are covered under public provincial plans .
Some provinces deny any public subsidy to patients of physicians who opt out of their Medicare program .
Some provinces do not allow physicians who opt out of the public system to bill patients more than what they would under the public system .
Others ban the sale of private insurance for services covered by the public plan .
It is this last legal disincentive which is the subject of a recent Supreme Court case [ in which the court ruled that a Quebec law banning the sale of private medical insurance for medical services already covered by the public health care system violates Quebec ’s Charter of Human Rights and Freedom ] .
Immigrants are covered automatically at tax payer expense having never contributed a dollar to the system and pay no premiums .
Again , all statements about medical coverage in Canada have to be qualified with the fact that regulations and procedures vary from province to province .
Some provinces impose mandatory waiting periods on health insurance coverage for immigrants , and as the Canadian Medical Association Journal ( CMAJ ) noted in 2006 , many immigrants end up waiting much longer than those mandatory periods for coverage :
Physicians in this country may be surprised to know that , despite Canada ’s universal health care system , many who reside here legally are never granted public health insurance .
Other immigrants and refugees are granted coverage , but only after long delays : 4 provinces impose a mandatory 3 - month waiting period — but in our experience , our patients ’ wait has averaged 2.1 years .
Oh yeh we now give free needles to drug users to try and keep them healthy .
But people with diabetes who pay into the health care system have to pay for their needles because it is not covered but the health care system .
Needle exchange programs created to provide clean needles and syringes for injection drug users have been operating in various parts of Canada since 1989 .
Canadian studies of such programs have generally found them to be effectively inexpensive means of preventing greater health care costs .
The level of insurance coverage provided for diabetic supplies ( such as syringes ) varies from province to province .
Last updated : 18 October 2007
Most brides and grooms want pots , pans , sheets and towels .
Not in Silicon Valley .
Try engineers , venture capital and the all - important start - up garage .
A Palo Alto , Calif. , couple is forgoing traditional wedding gifts .
Drue Kataoka and Svetlozar Kazanjiev are asking their wedding guests to instead donate money through PayPal to get their start - up , Aboomba , off the ground .
A look at the registry provides viewers with a few laughs , as well as an inside , on - the - ground look at what it takes to start a tech company .
This is probably the only couple in history to ask for a week of Amazon.com Web hosting ( $ 134.40 ) or Windows XP SP2 Home Edition OEM ( $ 95.64 . )
Guests can feed an outsourced engineer for a day for $ 150 , or finance lunch with a venture capitalist for $ 291 .
( Ms. Kataoka and Mr. Kazanjiev have shown their guests all the calculations — including the exchange rate for an Indian engineer and the cost of a bottle of Bordeaux at a Menlo Park restaurant . )
Guests can also supply the couple with pizza and Red Bull to get through the long start - up hours , a month ’s rent in the requisite start - up garage or lawyer ’s and accountant ’s fees .
The public is encouraged to suggest other gifts on the registry site .
The tech world ’s influence on the wedding does not stop at the registry .
The couple will cut a “ Wiki cake ” — the Meyer lemon chiffon cake will have plain white frosting and guests will be encouraged to write messages in colored frosting .
( There will be vanilla frosting on the side in the case of editing wars , a la Wikipedia . )
Charlie Ayers , the founding Google chef , will cater the rehearsal dinner .
At an unmanned photo booth , guests will use a remote control to take pictures that will be uploaded in real time to the Web .
For many of Ms. Kataoka and Mr. Kazanjiev ’s guests , the items on the registry will be familiar .
That is because most of the 180 people invited to their Aug. 29 wedding are in the start - up world , including venture capitalists , entrepreneurs and academics .
The couple are marrying on the Stanford campus , where they met .
They graduated in 2000 .
Ms. Kataoka is an accomplished Japanese brush painting artist and co-writer of the blog ValleyZen with Bill Fenwick of Fenwick & West , the Silicon Valley law firm .
Mr. Kazanjiev has worked at start - ups including NexTag , SideStep and Turn .
The two started Aboomba , a consumer Web company that is still in stealth mode , in May .
Starting a company and planning a wedding at the same time has been an intense experience , the couple said , and that led to the idea for the registry .
“ Our ambition is to bootstrap the company or at least to grow as far as we can without having to raise capital , so that is one of the impetus factors for the registry , ” Mr. Kazanjiev said .
' It would n't have happened in my day '
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
By John Ware
David Cameron thinks Britain is broken .
But Gordon Brown has said : " This country has never been broken by anyone or anything . "
In the current political climate , it is proving hard to have a sensible debate about such an important issue .
The BBC tried to open up the debate with the first of two programmes on BBC Two called The Death of Respect .
I have my own experiences of bad behaviour that I can safely say " would n't have happened in my day " .
( And before you groan , let me also say that there were lots of bad things that did happen in my day that mercifully no longer do ) .
I have a daughter aged 10 at primary school .
One of her classmates regularly humiliates an overweight teacher , calling her , " you blob " or " flubber " in front of the entire class .
He also hits his teachers .
There is a regime in place to try to " manage his anger " but it is not working .
In terms of pure scientific description , it 's hard to avoid the conclusion that we are more fragmented and broken
Paul Ormerod , Henley Forecasting Centre Some boys in my daughter 's class swear at people to insult them , and this is not a primary school which teaches children are drawn from the ranks of the poor and dispossessed .
I was travelling home late at night on the London tube when two girls and two boys in their late teens got on and started talking about the merits of masturbation .
They were loud and boorish , but not drunk , and they were completely oblivious to the impact on their fellow passengers .
I live in a relatively quiet street off a main road .
One night at about midnight , as I was trying to go to sleep , a dot of a lad on a motorbike began racing around with an exhaust that sounded like a firecracker .
None of my neighbours went outside to stop him .
I did .
Sickest lifestyle
In Dudley , Worcestershire , lollipop ladies - the gentlest of public servants - say they are starting to get abuse from " you 're in my way " motorists .
Yvonne , a lollipop lady for 15 years said : " They blame us for holding up the traffic , which we 're not .
We 're just trying to get kids to school safely . "
She said people " are n't as polite as they used to be " .
" It takes a lot to get people to say ' Good Morning ' . "
When you compare much of our behaviour to the rest of Europe , the picture that emerges is of a country that is jostling for the lead in the sickest lifestyle in Western Europe .
We are approaching a point where we can either come back from the brink or we 're sailing over the abyss
Martin Innes , professor of the Police Science Institute at Cardiff University Government figures show our adults are the most obese ; 11 to 15 - year - olds who drink , are drinking more .
The average weekly intake is over six pints .
The Children 's Society charity says a higher percentage of these youngsters are getting drunk than in any other OECD country .
The World Health Organisation has found that our 15 to 24 - year - olds have much higher incidences of syphilis , gonorrhoea and chlamydia .
And we still have the highest teenage pregnancies - a recent downward trend now reversed .
We are also up there in the lead with family break - ups .
Youth crime
As for crime , ministers can rightly trumpet an overall fall from a mid-1990s peak but fail to mention evidence that suggests some offences , including assaults and threats , have not fallen as fast as they have in other EU countries .
On violent youth crime , the Youth Justice Board says offences of robbery have increased by 29 % since 2004 , violence against people has risen by 20 % and drug offences and criminal damage is up by 12 % .
Britain 's murder rate has doubled since the 1970s and is now one of Western Europe 's highest .
Figures show 11 to 15 - year - olds who drink , are drinking more Yes , I know , every generation has its moral panic .
But there are many , not just on the political right - wing , who recognise an essential truth about our society .
Robert Reiner , professor of criminology at the LSE is one : " I think in many ways Britain has broken . "
Respected economist Paul Ormerod , founder of the Henley Forecasting Centre , said : " In terms of pure scientific description , it 's hard to avoid the conclusion that we are more fragmented and broken . "
A 1980s map of Britain showed the distribution of poverty more evenly spread .
Now the red areas denoting high levels of poverty make us look like we 've got measles .
Inequality is back to where it was half a century ago .
Ghettoisation Dr David Halpern , former director of the Cabinet Office 's social exclusion unit , thinks the phrase paints too bleak a picture .
But he also says the deep cleavage running through the country is inflicting great damage on the common good .
HAVE YOUR SAY
There is no respect or pride in this country , It has been destroyed Jim , Bradford
The chances , he says , of a child from the top 50 % of high - income families getting into trouble with the police is one in a 1,000 .
For a child born into the bottom five percent , it is one in five - 200 times higher .
It is the increasing ghettoisation of Britain that leads Martin Innes , professor of the Police Science Institute at Cardiff University to conclude : " We are approaching a point where we can either come back from the brink or we 're sailing over the abyss . "
There is no reliable statistical evidence about long term youth crime trends .
But from his own research Professor Innes believes there is something more random and brutal about youth violence .
And that was certainly my impression from a comparison of crime stories in every edition of the Daily Telegraph in 1968 , with every edition in 2008 .
There was a marked contrast both in the numbers and nature of violent crimes by young people .
For example , the appalling story of two boys who repeatedly stamped on the head of a girl in Lancashire because she was dressed as a Goth .
There are a number of stories like this from 2008 and in recent years .
But nothing quite so casually cruel from 40 years ago .
It surely does not much matter whether we say Britain is " broken " or " breaking " or " fragmenting around the edges " .
What matters is whether we recognise there are trends in behaviour and values that are taking us in the wrong direction .
Part One of The Death of Respect will be on BBC Two at 2320 BST on Thursday , 16 July .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
The device allows users to draw in light on each other Couples in long distance relationships are being sought to try out a prototype device designed to communicate intimacy from their bedrooms .
Moray - based technology laboratory , Distance Lab , hopes to find three couples willing to use Mutsugoto .
The device allows couples , who are separated by distance , to draw in light on each other 's bodies or beds .
Stefan Agamanolis , one of its three developers , said it will be the first time it is tested in this way .
Volunteers will be sought at the Edinburgh Arts Festival in August .
Distance Lab , which describes itself as a creative research organisation , hope to find couples where one partner lives in the capital while the other , who will be given a portable device , lives a few hundred miles away .
Interactive fighting Mutsugoto has been in development for about two years and involves artist Tomoko Hayashi .
The project recently won an award from the Alt-w Production Fund .
Mr Agamanolis said the device was designed to communicate intimacy and to offer an alternative to text and e-mail messaging .
While lying on their beds miles away from each other , the couples wear touch - activated rings visible to a camera mounted above them .
A computer vision system tracks the movement of the ring as one of the device 's users passes it across their own body , or bed .
At the same time these strokes are transmitted to and projected in beams of light on the body of their partner .
The lines change colour if they cross .
From its base in Forres , Distance Lab runs projects in Moray and the Highlands and Islands .
It receives support from Highlands and Islands Enterprise ( HIE ) .
Also in development at the site is a game in which people can throw themselves at a life - sized image of an opponent who could be on the other side of the world .
Remote Impact is an interactive fighting game .
In the prototype , people battle a silhouette projected on to a mattress and can register brute force .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A new joint study by NASA and the University of Washington in Seattle spanning several years paints a grim picture that a phenomenon known to climatologist as polar amplification is well underway at the top of the world :
In 2003 , 62 percent of the ocean ’s ice cover was older , thicker ice , with 38 percent in seasonal layers , the researchers found .
Five years later , 68 percent of the ice cap was made up of seasonal ice .
The amount of ice replaced in the winter has n’t been enough in recent years to compensate for the loss in the summer , which leads to more open water , which in turn absorbs heat , warming the ocean and further melting the ice , the researchers said .
The physics are uncomfortably familiar in the middle of July to anyone whose car has a dark interior .
Dark material soaks up sunlight and heats up .
In the Arctic , warmer global temperatures melts more ice which uncovers darker , underlying land and sea .
The darker surface heats up and raises the surrounding temperature , melting more ice .
The process feeds back , ruthlessly , amplifying global temperature increases in the region by a factor of two or more .
The precise consequences are as unpredictable as the immediate fate of the North Pole .
" The fine details of crack formation and how sea water interacts dynamically with the sea ice , are complicated .
Even the most elaborate models may not capture it completely , " said Dr. Michael Mann , coauthor of Dire Predictions .
" In some of the more aggressive models , the Arctic becomes essentially ice free at the height of summer within fifty years , and that 's plausible , but not certain . "
But even with the Arctic transforming before our eyes , right wing pundits and bloggers are more preoccupied with altering a story to claim that Al Gore compared climate change skeptics to Hitler .
Energy lobbyists and their puppy dog deniers in the Senate will take up and no doubt water down a historic climate change bill .
Talented , industry funded shills like Marc Morano will challenge viewers to believe him and not their lying eyes .
That 's the modern Republican Party for you , boldly riding to the rescue of the rich and powerful with the conservative double standard waving proudly over their heads .
" We took them into the cash room and it took us an hour to complete the count .
I do n't know if they were part of a syndicate or what , but when they came for their money they were very , very philosophical about the situation . "
Posted on July 23 , 2009 in Uncategorized
This image was sent by David McKalip , a Florida neurosurgeon :
who serves as a member of the American Medical Association ’s House of Delegates …
He ’s the chair of the Florida Taxpayers Union , the founder of Doctors For Patient Freedom , an anti-health - care - reform group , the president of the Florida Neurological Society , and an all - around anti-government activist .
He ’s also an energetic conservative opponent of health - care reform .
McKalip founded the anti-reform group Doctors For Patient Freedom , as well as what seems to be a now defunct group called Cut Taxes Now .
Last month he joined GOP congressmen Tom Price and Phil Gingrey , among others , for a virtual town hall to warn about the coming “ government takeover of medicine . ”
And in a recent anti-reform op - ed published in the St. Petersburg Times , McKalip wrote that “ Congress wants to create larger , government - funded programs for health care and more bureaucracy that ration care and impose cookbook medicine .
[ via TPM & Gawker ]
Cool creative products by Help Remedies inc .
The bandages are made from hydrocolloid , which is the same type of material used in hospital bandages , so they ’re not just a funny package .
A Confidence Gene ?
Smart kids tend on balance to do well in school .
That may seem obvious , but there are a lot of exceptions to that rule .
Some kids with high IQs do n’t ever become academic superstars , while less gifted kids often shine .
Why would this be ?
Psychologists have focused on things like self - esteem and confidence — how good kids think they are — to explain these outcomes .
And the assumption has always been that such psychological traits are shaped mostly by parenting — by parents ’ beliefs and expectations and modeling .
But surprisingly this idea had never been scientifically tested .
Until now .
Behavioral geneticist Corina Greven of King ’s College London and her colleagues decided to do the first rigorous analysis of the heritability of confidence — and its relationship to IQ and performance .
To do so , they studied more than 3700 pairs of twins , both identical and fraternal twins , from age seven to ten .
Comparing genetically identical twins to non-identical siblings allows scientists to sort out the relative contributions of genes and environment , and when they did this they came up with surprising but unmistakable findings .
Contrary of accepted wisdom , the researchers found ( and report in the June issue of Psychological Science ) that kids ’ confidence is heavily influenced by heredity — at least as much as IQ is .
Indeed , as - yet - unidentified confidence genes appear to influence school performance independent of IQ genes , with shared environment having only a negligible influence .
The fact that confidence is heritable does not mean it is unchanging , of course .
Siblings share a lot of influences living in basically the same home and community , but there are always worldly influences pulling them apart .
A genetic legacy of self - confidence merely opens up many possible futures .
For more insights into human nature , visit the “ We ’re Only Human ” blog at www.psychologicalscience.org/onlyhuman.
Versions of the blog also appear regularly in the magazine Scientific American Mind and on Newsweek.com .
Criminal Justice
Rochester ’s Police Chief Resigns as Quest for # JusticeforDaniel Continues
Our campaign seeking justice for Daniel Prude , a 41 - year - old Black man in need of mental health help who was killed by cops in March is gathering steam .
Rochester ’s police chief and deputy police chief both resigned after body camera footage was released showing what we all knew : Daniel should be alive today .
For a week straight , organizers held protests and 77,000 COC members spoke out demanding the officers be fired , charged , and the city changes how it responds to mental health crises .
Daniel ’s brother had called police for help , explaining he was a threat to no one but himself .
Instead , they brutalized Daniel and knelt on his back ’ til he could n’t breathe .
We will not relent .
Our quest for justice continues as we press Rochester ’s mayor and city council to pass legislation that requires medical professionals — and not armed cops — to respond to medical calls .
While countless individuals have contributed to the industry ’s meteoric rise , 25 people stand out for contributions that have guided ETF investing from its conception to widespread acceptance among all breeds of investors .
The inaugural members of ETF Database ’s Hall of Fame are presented below in alphabetical order , which is to say we have not attempted to rank these individuals by order of importance .
John “ Jack ” Bogle , Founder of Vanguard Group Bogle may seem like a strange choice for inclusion in our Hall of Fame , given his vocal criticisms of certain aspects of ETFs .
But Bogle ’s real beef is with the manner in which ETFs are being promoted and used .
Known as the father of passive indexing and sensible asset allocation for average investors , Bogle founded the first index mutual fund ( Vanguard 500 Index Fund ) in 1975 , and has been among the most knowledgeable and well - respected proponents of passive , indexed investing .
Although he has reiterated his preference for indexed mutual funds on countless occasions , Bogle ’s efforts have no doubt paved the way for more widespread acceptance of ETFs .
H. Bruce Bond , Founder of PowerShares
As president and founder of PowerShares , the Wheaton , Illinois - based ETF issuer , Bond is the man behind the “ intelligent ETF revolution . ”
Bond ’s firm was the first to experiment with actively - managed ETFs , introducing funds that are a cross between traditional actively - managed funds and purely passive vehicles .
Instead of merely tracking an index , several PowerShares funds replicate proprietary “ Intellidexes ” that are designed to beat traditional ETF benchmarks .
Beyond its quasi-active ETFs , PowerShares has introduced a number of innovative ETFs and ETNs focusing on commodities , and is responsible for the ultra - popular QQQ Trust ( QQQQ ) .
Scott Burns , Director of ETF Analysis at Morningstar Burns is among the most intelligent and insightful analysts covering the ETF industry , covering both the positive attributes of ETFs and the drawbacks and issues that arise from their misuse .
Although best known for its coverage of the mutual fund arena , Morningstar also provides extensive coverage of the ETF space , including a fund screener , analyst reports , and industry commentary .
Robert Carey , Chief Investment Officer at First Trust
As the CIO of First Trust , Carey is responsible for overseeing more than 35 ETFs with total assets of $ 960 million as of June 30 , 2009 .
While First Trust is a relatively small ETF issuer , the firm has introduced many innovative funds offering exposure to unique sectors and regions , including its Global Wind Energy ETF ( FAN ) , Global Engineering and Construction ETF ( FLM ) , Chindia ETF ( FNI ) , and Community Banks ETF ( QABA ) .
Don Dion , Publisher and Chief Investment Strategist , Fidelity Independent Adviser
One of the most widely - read analysts in the ETF industry , Don Dion publishes The ETF Report ( a monthly newsletter ) and The Sector Momentum Tracker ( a weekly publication ) , which offer trading advice and insight into the ETF industry .
Through his numerous publications , Don has raised the visibility of ETFs as an investment option and informed countless investors of their advantages and drawbacks .
Don is the primary ETF contributor to TheStreet.com and RealMoney.com , and among the most widely - followed financial advisor contributors to Seeking Alpha .
He also runs a money management firm that provides custom portfolios for investors .
Gus Fleites , Industry Veteran Fleites has jumped around the ETF industry , but success has followed him wherever he goes .
After leading the ETF team at State Street for several years , Fleites jumped to ProShares , where he oversaw the launch of tremendously popular leveraged and inverse - leveraged product lines .
From ProShares , Fleites joined IndexIQ , a developer of alternatively weighted indexes that launched the IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Tracker ETF ( QAI ) in early 2009 .
Dave Fry , Founder and Publisher of ETF Digest
With more than 30 years of experience in the investment advisory business , Fry is one of the premier sources for news and analysis of both the ETF industry and the equity markets in general .
Dave offers a daily newsletter covering hundreds of ETFs , as well as ETF hedge fund portfolios for investors to sample .
Dave ’s commentaries are frequently featured in the Wall Street Journal , MarketWatch , IBD , and Smart Money .
David C. Hooten , Founder , Chairman , and CEO of Claymore Hooten founded Claymore in 2001 , and has since turned the firm into one of the most innovative ETF issuers .
Among Claymore ’s numerous ETF industry accomplishments are the introduction of the first Frontier Markets ETF ( FRN ) , the first BRIC ETF ( EEB ) , the first Intellectual Property ETF ( OTP ) , and the first Solar Power ETF ( TAN ) .
Unlike traditional ETFs Claymore ’s line of products seeks to best capture the investment potential of innovative strategies .
Many of the company ’s ETFs provide investment ideas within underutilized or ordinarily unavailable markets .
Matthew Hougan , Editor - In - Chief of Index Universe Hougan , who also serves as the senior editor of the Journal of Indexes , is one of the few analysts covering the industry who maintains a thorough understanding of the complexities and nuances of ETFs .
IndexUniverse , which covers all things related to the world of indexing , is a must - read site for anyone interested in passive management .
Under his leadership , the Exchange Traded Funds Report has been named “ Best ETF - Focused Publication ” at the Closed - End Fund & ETF Awards on multiple occasions .
Hougan is known for identifying issues and trends far ahead of the crowd , most notably writing about the complexities of leveraged ETFs in 2007 , years before the rest of the industry fully understood the potential for misuse with these funds .
Lee Kranefuss , CEO of iShares Since being hired as the chief executive of Barclays ’ iShares division , Kranefuss has led the fund family to a dominant position in the rapidly - expanding ETF industry .
With more than 180 ETFs and assets under management of $ 292 billion as of June 30 , 2009 , iShares is by far the market leader , due in no small part to Kranefuss ’ guidance and long - term visions .
With the recent sale of iShares ( as part of the larger BGI package ) to BlackRock , Kranefuss is expected to transition to become chairman of iShares , leaving day - to - day responsibilities to co-CEOs Mike Latham and Rory Tobin .
Kathleen Moriarty , Partner at Katten Muchin Rosenman LLP
Moriarty , an attorney in New York , was instrumental in the early development of the structure , creation , and registration of SPDRs , earning the affectionate nickname “ spider woman ” from industry insiders .
( She has been spotted at industry conferences wearing a spider pin . )
In addition to her work with SPDRs , Moriarty has advised other clients on the establishment of various ETFs , including iShares , VIPERS , ProShares , and WisdomTree .
Beyond the U.S. , Moriarty has assisted with the structure and creation of the Hong Kong Tracker Fund , and represented the American Stock Exchange in connection with the cross-listing of DIAMONDS on the Singapore Exchange and Euronext N.V .
Nathan Most , ETF Pioneer
After managing investments and trading in commodities for much of his career , Most conceived the idea of exchange - traded funds for American exchanges when he was 73 .
After several years of design work and haggling with regulators , the American Stock Exchange Started the Standard & Poor ’s Depository Receipt , known as the Spider , in 1993 .
The idea initially sold very poorly , until Barclays , along with assistance from Most , introduces the iShares family of ETFs .
SPY is now the largest ETF on the market , with a market capitalization of more than $ 47 billion , as of July 13 , 2009 .
Most passed away in 2004 .
Joe Thomson , Founder of RevenueShares Thomson founded RevenueShares , a division of Pacer Financial , in 2004 .
RevenueShares ’ products feature a unique twist on traditional ETFs , applying revenue weighting methodologies to widely - followed equity indexes , including the S&P 500 , S&P MidCap 400 , and S&P SmallCap 600 .
Thomson and RevenueShares president Sean O’Hara have published a significant amount of research on the benefits of revenue weighting , and many of the firm ’s funds have outperformed their traditional capitalization - weighted peers in recent periods .
Thomson has more than 40 years of experience in the financial services industry .
Daniel D. O’Neill , President and Chief Investment Officer , Direxion Funds Since joining Direxion in 1999 , O’Neill has played a role in the development and launch of new products , most notably Direxion ’s 3 x leveraged ETFs .
In addition to a full line of leveraged and inverse - leveraged ETFs , Direxion also offers 2.5 x leveraged mutual funds .
Several of Direxion ’s leveraged funds are among the most actively - traded ETFs on the market and are tremendously popular among advanced investors .
In addition , the fund sponsor has been lauded for its efforts to educate investors on the risks and complexities associated with leveraged fund products .
Adam S. Patti , CEO and Founder of IndexIQ
As founder of IndexIQ , Patti introduced a “ Rules - Based Alpha ” philosophy , which combines the benefits of traditional index investing with the alpha sought by active management .
In March 2009 , Patti ’s firm launched IQ Hedge Multi-Strategy Tracker ( QAI ) , the first hedge fund exchange - traded product .
IndexIQ followed up its initial offering with IQ Hedge Macro Tracker ( MCRO ) , a more strategy - specific hedge fund ETF .
The firm has filed to launch more than a dozen additional ETFs , each tracking a unique hedge fund strategy , anticipating huge demand as investors grow cautious of traditional hedge funds .
Prior to founding IndexIQ , Patti led Fortune Indexes , a pioneer in the ETF industry that launched two ETFs in 2000 in partnership with SSgA .
Gus Sauter , Chief Investment Officer at Vanguard Group Similar to his firm ’s founder , Sauter has occasionally been critical of certain aspects of ETFs , but his contributions to the popularity of indexed investing and the ETF industry are truly remarkable .
Over the past 20 years , Sauter has been more pivotal to the popularity of indexing strategies than anyone , except perhaps John Bogle .
Unlike many of his peers , Sauter recognized the tremendous appeal and potential of ETFs early on , and Vanguard was one of the only major mutual fund companies to establish a significant presence in the ETF industry .
Michael Sapir , Chairman and CEO at ProFunds Sapir co-founded ProFund Advisors , and has served as the company ’s chairman and CEO since its inception in 1997 .
ProShares is perhaps best known for pioneering the ProShares line of leveraged and inverse ETFs in 2006 , and has since expanded its product line to include 88 ETFs .
Sapir ’s ProFunds Group also includes 115 mutual funds and manages the Canada - based Horizons BetaPro ETFs .
Sapir has been a staunch defender of the benefits of leveraged funds , butting heads with regulators and the media on several occasions .
Jeremy Siegel , Senior Investment Strategist at WisdomTree
While perhaps best known as a professor at the University of Pennsylvania , the “ Wizard of Wharton ” has made significant contributions to the ETF industry as well .
Siegel has earned his nickname , frequently predicting major stock market tops and bottoms with astonishing accuracy .
Siegel partnered with Michael Steinhardt , a legend in his own right , to develop a line of innovative ETFs at WisdomTree .
Known as fundamentally - weighted ETFs , WisdomTree products determine weightings based on factors such as earnings and dividends rather than market capitalizations .
William M. Thomas , CEO at Grail Advisors
Thomas is a true ETF pioneer , overseeing the May 2009 launch of the first actively - managed ETF that provided its managers complete discretion in investment decisions , the Grail American Beacon Large Cap Value Fund ( GVT ) .
Since Grail launched GVT , several other ETF issuers have followed in the firm ’s path , leading to speculation that actively - managed ETFs will drive the next wave of growth in the ETF industry .
In addition to establishing itself as a trailblazer in the space , Grail is working to secure its position as the market leader , recently filing to launch four additional active ETFs .
Previously the head of distribution at Charles Schwab Investment Management , Thomas is now responsible for guiding Grail in the continuing development and launch of actively - managed ETFs .
Jan F. van Eck , President , CEO , and Trustee at Market Vectors ETF Trust Jan heads Van Eck ’s Market Vectors ETF business , which launched in 2006 .
The innovative Market Vectors product line includes hard asset ETFs offering indirect exposure to unique commodity and energy sectors , as well as region - specific funds focusing on Africa , Russia , and the Gulf States , among others .
In addition to his role at Market Vectors , van Eck is also a member of the senior management team at Van Eck Associates Corporation and Van Eck Securities Corp .
Carl Verboncoeur , CEO at Rydex SGI Investments Following the death of Alpert P. “ Skip ” Viragh in 2003 , Verboncoeur was given the monumental task of following in the footsteps of the Rydex founder .
In subsequent years , Verboncoeur was at the helm as the fund firm became a pioneer in the ETF industry by launching the first currency ETF in late 2005 .
The Rydex Euro Currency ETF was a hit among investors , and Rydex went on to expand its product line to include dozens of funds offering exposure to currencies around the globe .
" Everybody in British cycling is absolutely thrilled about their success in the Tour de France and Brad and Cav are now two of the biggest names in the sport worldwide , let alone Britain , " Brailsford said .
" In our ideal scenario we would want at least one of them involved in our debut season , but both are contracted with their current teams so it is very unlikely at the moment .
But you never say never in sport . "
Appleton - Authorities say a 20 - year - old Hortonville woman accused of sexually assaulting a 13 - year - old boy who fathered her baby is pregnant again by the same boy .
Lacy Sommers faces new charges of repeated sexual assault of a child and bail jumping involving contact with the boy , now 14 , who lives in New London .
She was charged last October with repeated sexual assault of a child and later gave birth to a son .
She is scheduled for trial in August on an amended charge of third - degree sexual assault .
She 's been held since her arrest May 1 and is quoted as saying she 's pregnant by the boy again .
Records show Sommers told investigators after the first arrest ' she knows it is illegal for her to have sex with ( the boy ) however , she loves him . '
A preliminary hearing on the new charges is Monday .
BOSTON , Mass . ( July 16 , 2009 ) --
There she is again : the cute girl at the mall .
Big eyes .
Long legs .
She smiles at you .
You 're about to make your move … but wait !
What 's she wearing ?
It 's a letterman jacket , one clearly belonging to a hulking football player named " Steve . "
This girl is taken .
Wisely , you move on .
Countless teen movies have told the same tale , but behind the fiction is an essential , biological reality : Humans base their behavioral decisions , such as whom to court , on cues gleaned from their environment .
The same holds true for all of the animal world , as a paper due to be published this week in Current Biology reminds us .
In it , Harvard Medical School ( HMS ) researchers , along with German colleagues , report on a newly discovered pheromone produced by male fruit flies .
They found that the pheromone , which they named CH503 for its molecular mass , acts as the chemical equivalent of the " letterman jacket " when transferred to females during the mating process .
CH503 remains on the female 's outer body , warding off male suitors for at least a week .
This anti-aphrodisiac effect helps to account for previously noted mating behaviors in fruit flies that have until now gone unexplained .
Researchers discovered this unexpectedly while using a new form of high - resolution laser mass spectrometry to scan distinct regions on the fruit flies ' cuticle , or surface .
Joanne
Yew , at the time a postdoc in the lab of HMS Neurobiology professor Edward Kravitz , teamed with Klaus Dreisewerd and colleagues at the University of Münster for the study .
They used the refined instrumentation , which allowed them to focus an ultraviolet , high - intensity laser on an area as small as 200 micrometers in diameter , to analyze and compare the chemical make - up of each discrete region .
The new technology allowed the team to view the flies at high spatial resolution for the first time , and led to the discovery of nearly 30 new compounds not previously detected by traditional methods .
According to Yew , the technology also revealed a difference in the pheromone profiles of the leg and genital regions of the fruit flies .
Among the compounds they found almost exclusively in the male genital region was cis-vaccenyl acetate ( cVA ) , which has long been known to work as an anti-aphrodisiac in fruit flies when transferred to females during mating .
A second compound -- the hydrocarbon they came to identify as CH503 -- was also discovered in the male genital region .
Mass spectrometry revealed that this newly discovered compound was passed on to females during copulation , and remained on the surface of their bodies for at least 10 days after successful mating .
This led the researchers to hypothesize that the new compound might be the missing piece to a longstanding behavioral puzzle :
The anti-aphrodisiac effects of copulation have been observed to last for over a week in fruit flies , even though cVA only stays active on the female for 24 hours .
To test their theory , Yew 's team " perfumed virgin females with [ CH503 ] and found that having this compound on the female 's surface inhibited courtship in males . "
Dr. Kravitz said of the findings , " Everyone already knew from behavioral experiments that the anti-aphrodisiac effects on female fruit flies can last up to a week , so it may be that this compound , CH503 , explains why you have anti-aphrodisiac effects that last much longer .
It also makes clear that cVA is only part of the story . "
The researchers hypothesize that their method might one day be used to identify pheromones from health - related insects such as mosquitoes , with possible implications for population control .
Source : Harvard Medical School
A Berlin inventor has come up with an electric bike which you power by pedalling that can reach speeds of 50 mph .
Stefan Gulas has developed a system that amplifies the effort you put in by a factor of 50 , meaning you can accelerate quickly and maintain high speeds with very little effort .
Steve Rosenberg reports .
There are assignments … and then there are assignments .
Last Friday afternoon I had just finished a location scout and was heading up to my place in Connecticut when I got a phone call from BusinessWeek ….. Director of Photography Ronnie Weil , Art Director Andrew Horton and Photo Editor Sarah Morse were on the speaker phone and they obviously had something big to tell me .
All at once , they practically screamed , “ We ’ve got ten minutes with the President on Monday … do you wanna do the shoot ?!! ” .
I think I paused for a fraction of a second and thought I was getting punked … then I said “ OF COURSE !!! ” .
The next few hours took us all on a bit of a roller coaster ride ….. first we went from half the editorial staff of the magazine wanting to come along , while I would bring two assistants and a few tons of gear for the intense , overly complex formal cover situation .
Then , as we learned more details of what kind of access the White House would allow , it appeared that I might have to go in paparazzi style … just me and a single camera bag going into the Oval Office to document the Q & A , with no time to do an extra set up .
But in the end I was able to get Bo to assist me and Ronnie was coming to produce , run defense and feed me Klonopin to calm my nerves .
Steve Adler , the Editor in Chief and Washington Bureau Chief Jane Sasseen would be asking the questions and it was up to me to come up with not only a killer cover image , but additional portraits of the President to illustrate the story .
We had hopes to still get that second cover shot , but the main focus had to be to photograph the interview in such a way that we could walk away with exceptional cover art .
Bo and Ronnie waiting it out in the White House Pressroom
Even though this would be my fourth time in the White House , you can never foresee how things will come together on the day of a shoot like this .
In fact , the same day we were shooting , one of my old assistants , Charlie Samuels , was supposed to get his own session with the President a few hours before us … but his shoot was cancelled at the last minute .
As if I did n’t have enough on my mind , when he texted me that his shoot was nuked all I could think was , “ Please God , let things work out for us ! ” .
So with a couple of hours to go before our ten minutes , we got to horse around in the Pressroom …..
Your New White House Press Director !
And we even got to sit in on a press briefing ( click on image for full - size ) …..
Ronnie looking extremely professional …..
But eventually we were ushered into the West Wing through the rabbit warren - like maze that surrounds the Oval Office .
After a brief introduction , Steve and Jane immediately began the interview and I got started by shoving
Bo right in the middle of things for a white - balance test shot …..
And then a funny thing happened … our ‘ ten minutes ’ somehow got stretched to more than half an hour !
I still did n’t get a chance to do a set - up portrait , but the extra time really allowed me to focus on getting some truly amazing and expressive shots while the interview went on .
… and here are a few pages from today ’s Business Week …..
But of course , the fun had to end .
The press handlers gave the President the high sign and our big adventure came to an end … but not before we got our grip & grin photos with the Most Powerful Man in the Free World !!!
First , he grabbed Ronnie and pulled her close …
… while I got the more traditional smile and a handshake …..
Do n’t let anyone tell ya photographing the President ai n’t all it ’s cracked up to be !
Seldom has a book been more cleanly murdered by scientists than Ian Plimer 's Ian Plimer 's Heaven and Earth , which purports to show that manmade climate change is nonsense .
Since its publication in Australia it has been ridiculed for a hilarious series of schoolboy errors , and its fudging and manipulation of the data .
Here is what the reviews have said .
Professor David Karoly , University of Melbourne 's School of Earth Sciences :
" Given the errors , the non-science , and the nonsense in this book , it should be classified as science fiction in any library that wastes its funds buying it .
The book can then be placed on the shelves alongside Michael Crichton 's State of Fear , another science fiction book about climate change with many footnotes .
The only difference is that there are fewer scientific errors in State of Fear . "
Michael Ashley , professor of astrophysics at the University of NSW :
" Plimer has done an enormous disservice to science , and the dedicated scientists who are trying to understand climate and the influence of humans , by publishing this book .
It is not " merely " atmospheric scientists that would have to be wrong for Plimer to be right .
It would require a rewriting of biology , geology , physics , oceanography , astronomy and statistics .
Plimer 's book deserves to languish on the shelves along with similar pseudo - science such as the writings of Immanuel Velikovsky and Erich von Daniken . "
Professor Kurt Lambeck , earth scientist and President of the Australian Academy of Science :
" If this had been written by an honours student , I would have failed it with the comment :
You have obviously trawled through a lot of material but the critical analysis is missing .
Supporting arguments and unsupported arguments in the literature are not distinguished or properly referenced , and you have left the impression that you have not developed an understanding of the processes involved .
Rewrite ! "
Here are a few examples of the nonsense in this book ( thanks mostly to Tim Lambert at Scienceblogs ) :
1. Plimer uses a graph , without attribution , produced for the Great Global Warming Swindle on Channel 4 .
The programme altered the timeline , creating the false impression that most of the rise in temperature last century took place before 1940 .
After an outcry by scientists , subsequent editions of the programme corrected the timeline .
But Plimer leaves the graph – and its convenient error – intact .
2 . He claims that Arctic sea ice is growing .
Oh no it is n't .
3 . He claims that Mount Pinatubo released " very large quantities of chloroflourocarbons , the gases that destroy the ozone layer . "
It did n't .
4. Like the Great Global Warming Swindle ( from which several of the claims in his book appear to originate ) , he claims that volcanoes produce more CO2 than humans .
In fact humans produce 130 times more CO2 than volcanoes .
5 . He claims that only 4 % of the CO2 in the atmosphere is produced by humans .
In fact the pre-industrial concentration was roughly 280 parts per million .
Human activities have now raised this to 387 p pm .
Work it out for yourself .
6 . He says " it is not possible to ascribe a carbon dioxide increase to human activity " .
As David Karoly points out , " burning fossil fuels produces carbon dioxide enriched with carbon isotope 12C and reduced 13C and essentially no 14C , and it decreases atmospheric oxygen " : in other words you can ascribe the increase directly to human activity .
7. Professor Michael Ashley noticed in Plimer 's book : " an almost word - for - word reproduction of the abstract from a well - known loony paper entitled " The Sun is a plasma diffuser that sorts atoms by mass " .
This paper argues that the sun is n't composed of 98 per cent hydrogen and helium , as astronomers have confirmed through a century of observation and theory , but is instead similar in composition to a meteorite .
It is hard to understate the depth of scientific ignorance that the inclusion of this information demonstrates .
It is comparable to a biologist claiming that plants obtain energy from magnetism rather than photosynthesis . "
8 . He confuses the Sun 's rotation with orbital motion around the solar system 's centre of gravity .
There are dozens like this .
Ian Enting shows that Plimer :
- misrepresents the content of IPCC reports on at least 13 occasions as well as misrepresenting the operation of the IPCC and the authorship of IPCC reports ;
- has at least 17 other instances of misrepresenting the content of cited sources ;
- has at least 2 graphs where checks show that the original is a plot of something other than what Plimer claims and many others where data are misrepresented ;
- has at least 6 cases of misrepresenting data records in addition to some instances ( included in the total above ) of misrepresenting data from cited source .
You'd think all this would be enough to bury the book .
You'd be wrong .
In one of the gravest misjudgments in journalism this year , today the Spectator has made the book 's British publication its cover story , with the headline " Relax : Global Warming is all a myth " .
Its story consists of a hagiography of Plimer by James Delingpole , a man who knows – and cares - less about science than I do about Formula One .
Plimer 's book , he says , is " going to change forever the way we think about climate change " , as it demonstrates that anthropogenic global warming " is the biggest , most dangerous and ruinously expensive con trick in history . "
Delingpole takes the opportunity to cite the usual conspiracy theories about the " powerful and very extensive body of vested interests " working to suppress the truth , which presumably now includes virtually the entire scientific community and everyone from Shell to Greenpeace and The Sun to Science magazine .
That took some organising .
I have come to expect this sort of rubbish from Delingpole but I 'm amazed that the Spectator is prepared to run a story like this on its cover when a quick check would have shown that it 's utter nonsense .
What this story shows is that climate change denial is a matter of religious conviction .
The quality of the evidence has nothing to do with it .
It does n't matter how comprehensively the sources have been discredited , or how ridiculous the claims are .
People like Plimer and Delingpole will cling onto anything , however improbable , that allows them to maintain their view of the world .
monbiot.com
Submitted by Kenneth Spiker , Fort Bragg , California
My good friend Debbie Benson died July 15 , 1997 , at age fifty - five .
I had known her for thirty years .
Her official diagnosis was breast cancer , but she was really a victim of quackery .
Conventional treatment might have saved her , but she rejected the advice of her oncologist and went to “ natural healers . ”
Debbie was a registered nurse at the Kaiser hospital in Portland , Oregon , but she had a deep distrust of standard medical practice .
She did n’t have a mammogram for nine years , and when she did — in March 1996 — it showed a cancerous lump in her breast .
She had the lump removed , but she refused the additional treatment her doctor recommended .
Instead she went to a naturopath who gave her — among other things — some “ Pesticide Removal Tinctures . ”
Soon after that , lymph nodes swelled in Debbie ’s armpit .
The naturopath said that this was merely the effect of the herbal remedies he was giving her and not to worry .
Belatedly , she returned to her oncologist at Kaiser hospital , where the lymph nodes were biopsied and found to be cancerous .
Once again , she refused the recommended treatment .
Unfortunately , the cancer was spreading throughout her body .
Debbie continued to patronize “ alternative healers ” in the Portland area .
One even claimed to diagnose her with a pendulum !
She found another lump in her breast , but the cancer had invaded her liver and was no longer treatable by standard methods .
During the last weeks of her life , another naturopath gave Debbie a skin preparation that was supposed to draw the tumor out of her .
This stuff caused an ugly open sore on her breast .
By this time , her liver was failing and she felt awful .
The naturopath told Debbie she was feeling bad as a result of this medicine , and to get more sleep .
When Debbie became too weak to get out of bed and the imminence of her death was obvious , the naturopath blamed Debbie ’s turn for the worse on “ giving up . ”
I have reported Debbie ’s mistreatment to state regulatory agencies , and they are investigating .
Quackwatch Home Page ||| Other Victims
NewsAlert
Sign up for our NewsAlert service and have the latest news in astronomy and space e-mailed direct to your desktop .
Enter your e-mail address :
Privacy note : your e-mail address will not be used for any other purpose .
NASA looking to solve medium - lift conundrum
BY STEPHEN CLARK
SPACEFLIGHT NOW
Posted : August 29 , 2009
Facing a lack of rocket options for medium - class robotic missions , NASA 's launch czar said the agency will not need another medium - lift rocket until at least 2014 , enough time for new boosters to prove themselves .
William Wrobel , NASA 's assistant associate administrator for launch services , said future medium - class missions will most likely fly on Falcon 9 or Taurus 2 rockets now being developed for resupply missions to the International Space Station .
NASA hopes the Taurus 2 and Falcon 9 rockets will be ready to launch medium - class science missions .
Credit : Orbital Sciences and SpaceX
" About the time we would expect the ( Falcon and Taurus ) vehicles to be ready is about the next time we would be able to see ourselves picking another vehicle for some of those missions that are out there in the 2014 timeframe , " Wrobel said .
NASA is discontinuing its use of the venerable Delta 2 rocket line , a family of boosters that has been the backbone of the country 's launch infrastructure for more than 20 years .
After the last NASA Delta 2 mission in late 2011 , there are no medium - class spacecraft due for launch until around 2014 , according to Wrobel .
Those missions , the SMAP and ICESat 2 Earth observation satellites , would need to be assigned launch vehicles by around 2012 .
Designed by SpaceX and Orbital Sciences , respectively , the Falcon and Taurus rockets are being privately developed under a NASA program to procure commercial suppliers for the space station after the space shuttle 's retirement .
The Falcon 9 rocket could debut by the end of this year .
The Taurus 2 launcher is scheduled for its maiden flight in late 2010 or early 2011 .
SpaceX and Orbital Sciences were the winners of NASA 's International Space Station Commercial Resupply Services , or ICRS , contract last December .
The companies are also building ships to dock with the complex .
" About the time we would expect the ICRS vehicles to be ready is about the next time we would be able to see ourselves picking another vehicle for some of those missions that are out there in the 2014 timeframe , " Wrobel said .
Both rockets are designed to be less expensive than current launchers , an important factor for science missions in a tight budget environment .
Lower launch costs would allow more missions to be started for less money .
The Falcon 9 is already part of the NASA Launch Services , or NLS , contract , an open - ended agreement that puts the rocket in a pool of launchers the agency can choose from for robotic missions .
Wrobel said the Taurus 2 will likely be added to the NLS contract when it is renewed for launches between 2010 and 2020 .
The current NLS agreement expires next year .
But observers say NASA should have more medium - lift alternatives available .
" A combination of the current tight funding and the lack of launch vehicles is almost a perfect storm , and it will limit what we can do for medium - sized space missions for the future , " said Jack Burns , chairman of the NASA Advisory Council 's science committee .
NASA 's long - term needs will have to be met by a new rocket .
Officials are aware of the risks of counting on vehicles with no flight history .
" It 's a tough market out there and I do n't see anything on the near - term horizon that makes it appreciably better .
So I think we have to evaluate any and all options as they come forward , " Wrobel said .
That 's why NASA negotiated a deal with the Pentagon to buy an Air Force Minotaur rocket to launch a lunar atmospheric experiment in 2012 .
The 287 - pound LADEE mission was too large to fit on a smaller booster and a more powerful rocket would have been overkill , according to Wrobel .
" So the decision was made to see if we could n't get a Minotaur 5 , and that 's the path we went down and went through the Administrator 's office , " Wrobel said .
Officials had to get approval to use the Minotaur because NASA prefers commercial launch providers .
" We have to go through a similar evaluation for any new mission we would want to put on a Minotaur going forward .
It 's not like it opens the door , necessarily , but it 's good that it's an option , " Wrobel said .
Burns , also a professor at the University of Colorado at Boulder , said his committee recommends looking at the Minotaur family for more launches .
" We want to continue to encourage NASA to pursue other options .
One of those options is using the Minotaur rockets from the Department of Defense , " Burns said .
The SMAP soil moisture observatory could fit on the smaller Minotaur 4 rocket , a NASA spokesperson said .
The Minotaur 4 rocket stands on its California launch pad .
Credit : Orbital Sciences
The Minotaur 5 rocket is made of retired stages of the military 's Peacekeeper missile and commercial solid - fueled upper stages .
The booster can dispatch almost 1,000 pounds to the moon .
" The Department of Defense has quite a supply of these things , although they will have to negotiated one at a time , " Burns said .
Officials are wary of committing to future Minotaur launches because of fears government - backed rockets would compete with private vehicles like Falcon 9 and Taurus 2 .
" We have to be careful , too , in that we want to continue to encourage ( NASA ) not to compete with the private sector in these new emerging rockets that are coming forward , " Burns said .
In 2007 , NASA decided to end its relationship with the Delta 2 program after the Air Force phases out the launcher in favor of the more versatile Atlas 5 and Delta 4 rockets that can haul a wider variety of satellites .
With the Air Force leaving the Delta 2 , NASA would have had to pay to restart production of the rocket and assume fixed costs to support ground facilities and a standing army of workers , according to Wrobel .
The increased costs would have nearly equaled the price tag of the more capable Atlas 5 and Delta 4 rockets .
" It basically makes the bill too large for NASA afford by itself , " Wrobel said .
" When you compare that to the cost of an EELV , that 's kind of where you are . "
The Air Force conducted its last Delta 2 mission earlier this month .
Seven more Delta 2 launches are planned through 2011 for NASA and commercial customers .
" They 'll be around for a few years , at least , " Wrobel said .
" Even though Delta 2 is going away , we still see a need and we still have five more to fly ourselves . "
United Launch Alliance , builder of the Atlas and Delta rockets , says five Delta 2 vehicles are available to sell .
Despite officially moving away from the Delta 2 , Wrobel said NASA could purchase some of the remaining rockets if a need arises .
" We 're not ruling anything out , " Wrobel said .
" It might be a good enough deal that we could make something really work there .
And it depends on what other needs come up , so it 's too hard to say . "
ULA only has large " Heavy " 46 - inch - wide strap - on boosters in stock right now , according to Wrobel .
The company is evaluating acquiring more smaller 40 - inch motors to use for lighter missions , Wrobel said .
United Launch Alliance did not respond to requests for information .
The company has also studied putting a less powerful second stage on the Atlas 5 and Delta 4 rockets , making the new workhorse launchers available to carry smaller satellites .
" It would be something we would have to evaluate if it becomes something that is legitimate or real when it comes online , " Wrobel said .
" We 're in this dry period where there just are n't many choices , " Burns said .
The University of Tokyo is moving one step closer to developing 3D holograms that can be touched with bare hands .
Yes , we know you cannot touch light , but the new technology uses a breakthrough ultrasound method called acoustic radiation pressure to create a pressure sensation on a user ’s hands which are tracked with two Nintendo Wiimotes .
As the researchers explain , the method does n’t use any direct contact and so does n’t dilute the quality of the hologram .
The researchers , led by Hiroyuki Shinoda , currently have the technology on display at SIGGRAPH 2009 in New Orleans .
“ A retroreflective marker is attached on the tip of user ’s middle finger , ” the researchers explain on their website .
“ IR LEDs illuminate the marker and two Wiimotes sense the 3D position of the finger .
Owing to this hand - tracking system , the users can handle the floating virtual image with their hands . ”
In the video below , the researchers demonstrates a user dribbling a virtual ball , feeling raindrops and a small virtual creature crawling on their palm .
This one cool technology that would definitely offer an enhancement in the gaming industry as well as virtually anything .
Another controversy where the Obama administration is walking in the footsteps of BushCo !
I will say here that I 'm no more optimistic that Hillary Clinton 's response would have been any different .
The nature of power is such that one can always find a strong enough argument for retaining it " just in case " once it 's been exercised .
But then again , Clinton was n't the one who sold herself to us on the basis of a new transparent era , either :
A document filed in federal court this week by the Justice Department offers new evidence that former vice president Richard B. Cheney helped steer the Bush administration 's public response to the disclosure of Valerie Plame Wilson 's employment by the CIA and that he was at the center of many related administration deliberations .
The administration 's discussion of Wilson 's link to the CIA was meant to undermine criticism by her husband of administration allegations that Iraq attempted to acquire uranium , a matter that her husband had probed for the CIA , according to testimony presented in a 2007 trial .
A list of at least seven related conversations involving Cheney appears in a new court filing approved by Obama appointees at the Justice Department .
In the filing , the officials argue that the substance of what Cheney told special prosecutor Patrick J. Fitzgerald in 2004 must remain secret .
No such agreement was reached between Fitzgerald and Cheney at the time of their chat , according to a 2008 Fitzgerald letter to lawmakers .
But the Bush administration rejected requests by Congress and a nonprofit group for access to two FBI accounts of the conversation , saying the material was exempt from disclosure under subpoena or the Freedom of Information Act .
The Obama administration has since agreed that the material should not be disclosed .
A Justice Department lawyer at one point last month argued that vice presidents and other White House officials will decline to be interviewed in the future if they know their remarks might " get on ' The Daily Show ' " or be used as fodder for political enemies .
U.S. District Judge Emmet G. Sullivan expressed doubt about that argument .
To counter Sullivan 's skepticism , Assistant Attorney General Lanny A. Breuer said in a supporting affidavit to the new court filing that the department needs the ability to interview White House officials informally in future law enforcement investigations , and that if the Cheney interview summaries are made public , " there is an increased likelihood that such officials could feel reluctant to participate . "
Breuer served as special counsel to President Bill Clinton during the Whitewater probe .
The nonprofit group pushing for disclosure , Citizens for Responsibility and Ethics in Washington , responded yesterday with a statement that the Justice Department has subpoenaed such officials without difficulty in the past .
" It is astonishing that a top Department of Justice political appointee is suggesting other high - level appointees are unlikely to cooperate with legitimate law enforcement investigations .
What is wrong with this picture ? " said Melanie Sloan , head of the group .
Mark Cavendish calls his fifth stage win his most memorable win in the 2009 Tour de France and admits he is embarrassed by his previous comments about the green jersey and Thor Hushovd .
Description :
If you love how Marty continually explores , documents , and proves in detail how history repeats itself , here 's another great one .
No other human being in the course of history has been able to prove what he has through his vast historical data and dedication to the truth .
On a personal note :
It looks as though the Government will continue to ignore ALL of his legitimate demands for justice .
They are purposely ignoring his pleas because he IS a POLITICAL PRISONER , and they will do everything possible TO STALL until his ' time ' behind bars is served -- that is if you consider serving 12 years when the sentence was " 5 " , JUSTICE !
Marty is a good man with a good heart that is treated worse than any violent offender -- hence the murder attempt that left him with no teeth -- and NO , the Bureau of Prisons have not given him any and it's been over 2 years !
Please write your Congressmen , and ask questions .
This good man can really help the U.S. , and his family and 84 year old Mother needs him .
She is a wonderful , courageous woman who has stood by her son for over 10 years .
Thanks every one of you for supporting him -- even if it's by reading his essays ....
Kindest regards , Kris
President Obama touted the new GI Bill in a Virginia speech today , detailing how the $ 78 billion legislation expands educational opportunities for veterans .
" Above all , I want to pay tribute to the veterans by now advancing their dreams of pursuing an education , Obama said , speaking at a rally Monday at George Mason University in Fairfax , Va. , to celebrate the implementation of the bill .
" With the post - 9/11 GI bill we can help the veterans live their own dream . "
The bill signed by President Bush a year ago , just took effect on Aug. 1 and is the first new GI Bill since the terror attacks of 9/11 .
The Veterans Affairs Department began distributing tuition payments to schools participating in the program over the weekend .
Obama laid out some of the bill 's key provisions , including free tuition at public universities for some active duty soldiers , as well as enhanced benefits for their families and for reservists .
While the bill extends benefits to anyone with at least three months ' active duty service in the military since Sept. 11 , 2001 , those who have served at least three years ' active duty since then are eligible for four years of tuition costs at their home state 's universities , plus a monthly stipend for housing and living expenses which averages about $ 1,100 nationwide and funds for tutoring and books .
Altogether , the benefit could top more than $ 25,000 a year in the most expensive states .
Troops who served at least 10 years ' active duty will be able to transfer their benefit to a spouse or dependent child .
Guardsmen and reservists with at least three years ' active duty in the past seven years automatically qualify for the full tuition benefit just like other troops .
Those who served less active time , but at least three months , will receive 40 - 90 % of the tuition benefit , based on a sliding scale .
On healthcare , the White House is struggling with a political riptide that threatens to drag it into deep water .
Americans , as they contemplate change , have suffered a weakness of nerve .
The main reason is that nearly two thirds of Americans are apparently happy with their healthcare coverage , for all its deficiencies .
Repeated reassurances from President Obama that those who like the existing set - up will not be forced to change , have had little effect .
A change of tactics may be in order .
The administration must do a better job of underlining the glaring defects of the existing system .
The genius of the U.S. healthcare is in providing the illusion of value and security .
For their own sake , Americans must be encouraged to set aside jingoistic claims about having the best care system in the world and look more honestly at its short - comings .
Let ’s start with value .
Most Americans are blissfully unaware that their healthcare system provides appallingly little value for their money .
This is because when it comes to costs , they see only the tip of the iceberg .
While companies typically pay about three - quarters of an employee ’s family premium — on average $ 12,680 a year — individuals ultimately bear the burden .
In a free market , companies do not hand over to their workers more than they absolutely have to .
Money spent on healthcare is carved out of take - home pay or other benefits .
“ We pay for healthcare in considerably lower salaries , ” Uwe Reinhardt , a Princeton University economics professor , said in a telephone interview .
“ The system seduces people into thinking care is pretty cheap .
We are kidding ourselves if we think that the shareholder pays . ”
One measure of this financial sacrifice is that employer premiums are now 17 percent of median household income — up from 15 percent in 2003 .
From 1999 to 2008 , family health insurance premiums rose by 119 percent .
With healthcare costs rising fast , it is small wonder that middle - class Americans have failed to wring real pay increases out of employers .
The drag on pay will increase further , according to research by the Commonwealth Fund .
The foundation estimates that without reform , the cost of premiums could double again by 2020 — gobbling up still more take home pay .
The second big healthcare mirage is security .
If the current downturn has demonstrated one thing , it is the fragility of an employer - based healthcare system .
Lose your job — as more than 6.5 million have in this downturn — and your insurance can disappear with it .
( COBRA provides only a temporary patch and can be expensive . )
It also means that you can lose your coverage if you get very sick .
“ Get so sick you ca n’t work , you can also forfeit coverage , ” Gary Caxton , an analyst with Kaiser Family Foundation , said in an interview .
The very idea of insurance is to protect you during a crisis .
Instead Americans are getting insurance that works only when the sun shines .
“ The American system is least good at the worst times , ” as David Cutler , a Harvard healthcare economist , puts it .
The final illusion is that the healthcare system can be relied on in the longer term .
In reality it is taking on water fast .
This is most obvious in small companies .
Less than half of companies with fewer than 10 employees now offer insurance , down from 57 percent in 2000 , according to the Kaiser Family Foundation .
For all companies , the percentage is down from 69 percent to 63 over the past 8 years .
Companies are also starting to unload a growing share of costs onto employees anyway .
Deductibles for most employees have more than trebled since 2000 — a trend that looks almost certain to continue .
This is all before you take into account the prodigious quantity of tax dollars soaked up by healthcare .
As the private sector has faltered , the state has been forced to step in .
The result is that America is stumbling toward nationalization .
A recent Gallup poll found the share of Americans dependent on the state for healthcare — including Medicare , Medicaid and VA benefits — had climbed to 29 percent from 26.5 since the start of 2008 .
If you include the 17 percent of U.S. workers employed by the state , then closer to 40 percent are covered by the government .
Americans need to take a good look at their existing healthcare system , warts and all .
It is the administration ’s job to hold up a mirror to U.S. healthcare .
If they fail to do so , the U.S. will pass up an opportunity to build a system that ’s fair , sustainable and offers better value .
PASADENA , Calif ( Reuters ) -
The recession - fueled advertising downturn underlines the urgency of using the Web to glean data and target consumers directly , rather than blasting them with a barrage of TV - style ads , media executives say .
Jon Miller , chairman and CEO , Digital Media Group and chief digital officer for News Corp. speaks at the Fortune Brainstorm Tech 2009 in Pasadena , California July 23 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Fred Prouser
At the Fortune Brainstorm : TECH conference in Pasadena this week , Walt Disney Co Chief Executive Robert Iger opened a discussion about new ways to market to consumers , when he described himself as , “ pretty bullish about what technology is going to allow in terms of behavioral tracking . ”
Executives from AOL , a division of Time Warner Inc , News Corp and IAC / InterActiveCorp echoed similar hopes about the potential to reach consumers online .
As advertising dollars grow ever more scarce , companies have been forced to rethink how they reach consumers and have moved away from the traditional 30 - second spot to the kinds of targeted , Internet - driven marketing campaigns that have been talked about for years .
Internet advertising in the United States -- a $ 23.4 billion market in 2008 -- was down 5 percent in the first quarter of this year and Iger and other executives say the sector may not return to the historic growth trajectory seen before the recession .
Jonathan Miller , head of News Corp ’s Digital Media Group , believes advertising is undergoing , “ fundamental changes ... and you have to tease them out of the recession effects .
“ Marketing is on an arc to become more efficient .
My dollar should go further .
And that says the advertising pool may not grow at the rate that it ’s traditionally grown at , even out of this recession . ”
HITTING THE TARGET
Targeting consumers via demographics , profiling , and their social networks , “ you learn a lot about people and you can identify them , ” Miller added .
The thinking among these media executives is that advances in technology is enabling them to build more detailed profiles of consumers -- which can then either be sold as a commodity or employed in their own marketing campaigns .
AOL Chief Executive Tim Armstrong , former sales chief at Google Inc , also sees new marketing opportunities from consumer referrals and tracking .
“ Where people actually go , what they do , how they do it , ” he said .
“ It ’s not just about data , it ’s about the insight .
If you ’re Procter & Gamble , or Kellogg ’s , or Coke or whatever , forget all the data .
What is the insight you get out of it ?
How does that actually change your perception ? ”
But Ed Moran , director of product innovation for Deloitte , said tracking tastes and developing profiles is fine , as long as advertisers do not make the old media mistake of finding their optimum consumers , only to show them a commercial .
Moran said next - generation advertising will be driven by the tastes and habits of 14 to 24 year - old “ millennials ” whose lives center on social networks and Internet - enabled handsets .
“ A more effective way of reaching these young folks ... is to use their social networks as influencers , rather than bombarding them with ads , ” Moran said .
To that end , Barry Diller , chief executive of Web giant IAC / InterActiveCorp , said Internet advertising must evolve from displays and become integrated into the content of websites .
Even actor and media producer Ashton Kutcher chimed in at the conference , saying the billboard - style display ad is already outdated .
“ People who have grown up on the Internet have trained themselves not to see it , ” he added .
There are those who sweat over every decision , worrying about how it will affect their lives and investments .
Then there is the school of thought that we should focus on the big decisions .
I am of the latter school .
85 % of investment returns are a result of asset class allocations and only 15 % come from actually picking investment within the asset class .
Getting the big picture right is critical .
In this week ’s Outside the Box we look at a very well written essay about the biggest of all question in front of us today .
Do we face deflation or inflation ?
This OTB is by my good friends and business partners in London , Niels Jensen and his team at Absolute Return Partners .
I have worked closely with Niels for years and have found him to be one of the more savvy observers of the markets I know .
You can see more of his work at www.arpllp.com and contact them at info@arpllp.com .
John Mauldin , Editor
Outside the Box
Make Sure You Get This One Right
By Niels C. Jensen
“ You ca n’t beat deflation in a credit - based system . ” Robert Prechter
As investors we are faced with the consequences of our decisions every single day ; however , as my old mentor at Goldman Sachs frequently reminded me , in your life time , you wo n’t have to get more than a handful of key decisions correct – everything else is just noise .
One of those defining moments came about in August 1979 when inflation was out of control and global stock markets were being punished .
Paul Volcker was handed the keys to the executive office at the Fed .
The rest is history .
Now , fast forward to July 2009 and we ( and that includes you , dear reader ! ) are faced with another one of those ‘ make or break ’ decisions which will effectively determine returns over the next many years .
The question is a very simple one :
Are we facing a deflationary spiral or will the monetary and fiscal stimulus ultimately create ( hyper ) inflation ?
Unfortunately , the answer is less straightforward .
There is no question that , in a cash based economy , printing money ( or ‘ quantitative easing ’ as it is named these days ) is inflationary .
But what actually happens when credit is destroyed at a faster rate than our central banks can print money ?
A Story within the Story Following the collapse of the biggest credit bubble in history , there has been no shortage of finger pointing and the hedge fund industry , which has always had an uncanny ability to be at the wrong place at the wrong time , has yet again been at the centre of attention .
And politicians , keen to divert attention away from themselves as the true culprits of the crisis through years of regulatory neglect , have been quick at picking up the baton .
Admittedly , the hedge fund industry is guilty of many stupid things over the years , but blaming it for the credit crisis is beyond pathetic and the suggestion that increased regulation of the hedge fund industry is going to prevent future crises is outrageously naïve .
If you prohibit private investors from investing in hedge funds which on average use 1.5 - 2 times leverage but permit the same investors to invest in banks which use 25 times leverage and which are for all intents and purposes bankrupt , then you either do n’t understand the world of finance or you do n’t want to understand .
Shame on those who fall for cheap tactics .
Let ’s begin by setting the macro-economic frame for the discussion .
I have been quite bearish for a while , suspecting that the growing optimism which has characterised the last few months would eventually fade again as reality began to sink in that this is no ordinary recession and that ‘ less bad ’ does n’t necessarily translate into a quick recovery .
I still believe there is a good chance of enjoying one , maybe two , positive quarters later this year or early next ; however , a crisis of this magnitude does n’t suddenly fade into obscurity , just because the economy no longer shrinks at an annual rate of 6 - 8 % .
Going forward , not only will economic growth disappoint , but the economic cycles will become more volatile again ( see chart 1 ) with several boom / bust cycles packed into the next couple of decades .
This is a natural consequence of the Anglo - Saxon consumer - driven growth model having been bankrupted .
Growing consumer spending over the past 30 years led to rapidly expanding service and financial sectors both of which will now contract for years to come as overcapacity forces players to downsize .
This will again lead to higher corporate earnings volatility which will almost certainly drive P/E ratios lower , making conditions even trickier for equity investors .
At the bottom of every major bear market in the last 200 years , P/E ratios have been below 10 .
As you can see from chart 2 overleaf , few countries are there yet .
The next decade is therefore not likely to be a ‘ buy and hold ’ market for equity investors .
The combination of low economic growth and pressure on valuations will create severe headwinds .
The most likely way to make money in equities will be through more active trading .
So now , two years into this crisis , where do we stand and where do we go from here ?
History offers limited guidance , as we have never experienced the bursting of a bubble of this magnitude before .
The closest thing is the collapse of the Japanese credit bubble around 1990 .
As the Japanese have since learned , recovering from a deflated credit bubble is a long and very painful affair .
Governments and central banks on both sides of the Atlantic are pursuing a strategy of buying time , hoping that a recovery in economic conditions will allow our banking industry to re-build its capital base .
The Japanese pursued a similar strategy back in the early 1990s .
It failed miserably and set the country back many years in its recovery effort .
Ironically , the Japanese approach was almost universally condemned as hopelessly inadequate .
It is funny how you always know better how to fix other people ’s problems than your own .
A little bit like raising children , I suppose .
Another lesson learned from Japan is that once you get caught up in a deflationary spiral , it is exceedingly hard to escape from its grip .
The Japanese authorities have used every trick in the book to reflate the economy over the past two decades .
The results have been poor to say the least : Interest rates near zero ( failed ) , quantitative easing ( failed ) , public spending ( failed ) , numerous attempts to drive down the value of the yen ( failed ) ; the list is long and makes for painful reading .
We are effectively caught in a liquidity trap .
The Bank of England , the European Central Bank and the Federal Reserve have all flooded their banking system with enormous amounts of liquidity in recent months but what has happened ?
Instead of providing liquidity to private and corporate borrowers as the central banks would like to see , banks have taken the opportunity to repair their balance sheets .
For quantitative easing to be inflationary it requires that the liquidity provided to the market by the central bank is put to work , i.e. lenders must lend and borrowers must borrow .
If one or the other is not playing along , then inflation will not happen .
This is illustrated in chart 3 which measures the growth in the US monetary base less the growth in M2 .
As you can see , the broader measure of money supply ( M2 ) cannot keep up with the growth in the liquidity provided by the Fed .
In Europe the situation is broadly similar .
There is another way of assessing the inflationary risk .
If one compares the total amount of credit destruction so far ( about $ 14 trillion in the US alone ) to the amount spent by the Treasury and the Fed on monetization and fiscal stimulus ( $ 2 trillion ) , it is obvious that there is still a sizeable gap between the capital lost and the new capital provided .
If we instead move our attention to the real economy , a similar picture emerges .
One of the best leading indicators of inflation is the so - called output gap , which measures how much actual GDP is running below potential GDP ( assuming full capacity utilisation ) .
It is highly unlikely for inflation to accelerate during a period where the output gap is as high as it currently is ( see chart 4 ) .
Theoretically , if you believe in a V - shaped recession , the output gap can be reduced significantly over a relatively short period of time , but that is not our central forecast for the next few years .
I can already hear some of you asking the perfectly valid question :
How can you possibly suggest that deflation will prevail when commodity prices are likely to rise further as a result of seemingly endless demand from emerging economies ?
Wo n’t rising energy prices ensure a healthy dose of inflation , effectively protecting us from the evils of the deflationary spiral ( see chart 5 ) ?
Good question – counterintuitive answer :
Contrary to common belief , rising commodity prices can in fact be deflationary so long as demand for such commodities is relatively inelastic , which is usually the case for basic necessities such as heating oil , petrol , food , etc .
The logic is the following :
As commodity prices rise , money earmarked for other items goes towards meeting the higher commodity price and consumers are essentially forced to re-allocate their spending budget .
This causes falling demand for discretionary items and can in extreme cases lead to deflation .
We only have to go back to 2008 for the latest example of a commodity price induced deflationary cycle .
A price increase on a price inelastic commodity is effectively a tax hike .
The only difference is that , in the case of the 2008 spike in energy prices , the money did n’t go towards plugging holes in the public finances but was instead spent on English football clubs ( well , not all of it , but I am sure you get the point ) which have become the latest ‘ must have ’ amongst the super - rich in the Middle East .
For all those reasons , I am becoming increasingly convinced that the ultimate outcome of this crisis will turn out to be deflation – not inflation .
Inflation may eventually become a problem , but that is something to worry about several years from now .
The Japanese have pursued an aggressive monetary and fiscal policy for almost 20 years now , and they are still nowhere .
So why are interest rates creeping up at the long end ?
Part of it is due to the sheer supply of government debt scheduled for the next few years which spooks many investors ( including us ) .
And the fact that the rising supply is accompanied by deteriorating credit quality is a factor as well .
But countries such as Australia and Canada , which only suffer modest fiscal deficits , have experienced rising rates as well , so it can not be the only explanation .
Maybe the answer is to be found in the safe haven argument .
When much of the world was staring into the abyss back in Q4 last year , government bonds were considered one of the few safe assets around and that drove down yields .
Now , with the appetite for risk on the increase again , money is flowing out of government bonds and into riskier assets .
Perhaps there are more inflationists out there than I thought .
Several high profile investors have been quite vocal recently about the inevitability of inflation .
Such statements made in public by some of the industry ’s leading lights remind me of one of the oldest tricks in the book which I was introduced to many moons ago when I was still young and wet behind the ears .
‘ Get long and get loud ’ it is called ; it is widely practised and only marginally immoral .
Nevertheless , when famous investors make such statements , it affects markets .
The point I really want to make is that the inflation v. deflation story is the single biggest investment story right now and being on the right side of that trade will effectively secure your investment returns for years to come .
If I am wrong and inflation spikes , you want to load your portfolio with index linked government bonds ( also known as TIPS for our American readers ) , gold and other commodities , commodity related stocks as well as property .
If deflation prevails , all you have to do is to look towards Japan and see what has done well over the past 20 years .
Not much !
You can not even assume that bonds will do well .
Recessions are bullish for long dated government bonds but a collapse of the entire credit system is not .
The reason is simple – with the bursting of the credit bubble comes drastic monetary and fiscal action .
Central banks print money and governments spend money as if there is no tomorrow , and all bets are off .
Equities will do relatively poorly as will property prices .
But equities will not go down in a straight line .
The market will offer plenty of trading opportunities which must be taken advantage of , if you want to secure a decent return .
All in all , deflation is ugly and not conducive to attractive investment returns .
It is also not what governments want and need right now .
With a mountain of debt hitting the streets of Europe and America over the next few years , as the cost of fixing the credit and banking crisis is financed , one can make a strong case for rising inflation actually being the favoured outcome if you look at it from the government ’s point of view .
The problem , as the Japanese can attest to , is that deflation is excruciatingly difficult to get rid of , once it has become entrenched .
I am in no doubt which of the two evils I would prefer , but we may not have the luxury of choosing our own destiny .
It comes after it was reported that the country had tested a nuclear bomb estimated to be the same size as those dropped on Hiroshima and Nagasaki in the Second World War .
Release on demand ( Maciej Frolow / Getty )
Nanoparticles able to make basic decisions about whether to release their contents offer the prospect of delivering drugs exactly when and where they are needed , say chemists .
Their particles only respond to two distinct and simultaneous stimuli , acting like an “ AND ” computer logic gate that only produces an output signal if it receives two input signals .
“ Our dream is to be able to use our mechanised nanoparticles for anti-cancer drug delivery , ” lead researcher Jeffrey Zink at the University of California , Los Angeles , told New Scientist .
Tumour targeting
“ A localised , concentrated dose could be delivered at the site of the disease and the rest of the body would be spared , ” he explains , by programming the particles to respond to specific conditions within the body .
Advertisement
Electronic logic gates are the cornerstone of modern computing .
But logic gates have also been created from DNA and used to solve mathematical problems in the lab , and even inside living cells .
By developing the first drug delivery nanoparticle that is only triggered by the combination of two separate stimuli , Zink has now created a totally new kind of AND logic gate .
And his approach is likely to be easier to perfect for clinical use than the logic - based DNA “ doctors ” some researchers are planning .
Paddle power
Zink ’s silica nanoparticles are 400 nanometres in diameter and covered with tiny 2 - nm pores .
In trials , these particles were filled with fluorescent molecules rather than drug molecules , so any movement could be easily observed .
But anything could be put inside .
The walls of the pores are lined with light - responsive , paddle - shaped molecules known as azobenzenes , while another set of molecular structures called pseudorotaxanes plug the pore entrances .
Shining blue light onto the particles causes the paddle - shaped azobenzenes to wave back and forth , wafting the payload molecules towards the exterior .
Unless conditions are just right , though , the pseudorotaxane plugs stay firmly in place .
It takes a second action brought about by a change in pH level to cause them to change shape and unblock the pore entrances – finally allowing the azobenzenes to pump out the cargo .
So , just like an electronic logic gate , the particles only release their payload in response to both signals : light and pH .
If either of those is lacking , the payload will not be released .
‘ Exciting ’ work
Zink and Fraser Stoddart at Northwestern University in Illinois , who helped design the molecular structures , are now creating versions that respond to a range of other chemical and physical inputs , with the aim of creating even more complex control mechanisms .
Mauro Ferrari , professor and chairman of the department of nanomedicine and biomedical engineering at the University of Texas , says the work is “ exciting ” .
But he warns that getting the nanoparticles to work in the human body could be tricky .
“ If that can be accomplished , however , there are very many situations in medicine where AND targeting could be of extraordinary importance , ” he says .
Journal reference : Journal of the American Chemical Society ( DOI : 10.1021/ja9042752 )
You may not remember it , but there was a time when sport had a purpose greater than entertainment and advertising .
Early fencing , wrestling , archery , and pentathlon competitions trained troops in the practical arts of war .
Later , sport refocused to improve physical fitness and impress women .
But the following list shows places where modern sport has devolved into novel death wishes .
10 Street Luging
Climb a big hill on an open - for - business highway , lie supine on an elongated skateboard and roll down .
Gather speed and try not to die .
That ’s going to be difficult because you have no brakes , you ’re an inch from a road surface itching to see what bone marrow looks like , and you present a visual profile to passing vehicles that ’s only slightly larger than a puddle .
Which is what you ’ll be if you have anything close to a lapse in concentration or luck .
9 Heli-Skiing
There ’s a reason some things are so inaccessible — it ’s God ’s way of saying , “ Do n’t be stupid ” .
Still , people pay top dollar to be helicoptered ( at $ 500 a pop ) to untouched snowcaps , where they leap onto virgin slopes and ski far from crowds but very close to avalanches .
Even the helicopter ride can be dangerous , and many have died en route to untouched powder ( Frank Wells , former president of The Walt Disney Co. died in a helicopter crash during a heli - skiing trip in 1994 ) .
8 Big-Wave Surfing
Let ’s not get crazy here : nobody ’s saying surfing is n’t fun and or that it is n’t a great excuse to get chicks in bikinis .
But any sport with rules for when a shark enters the field of play is not for those with functioning frontal lobes .
Big Wave Surfing cranks the dial to 11 by towing surfers into monster 50 ft waves strong enough to crush villages .
So if the brute force of the wave does n’t kill you or bury you so far underwater that you drown , you could still bash your head on submerged rocks or fail to avoid your own board ( fickle thing ! ) hurtling past you like a Randy Johnson fastball .
And where would that leave you at Frankie and Annette ’s luau ?
7 Bull Riding
Rodeo started as the gymnastics of ranching : a series of highly specific competitions taken from key aspects of cattle ranching in the Old West .
But there never was and never will be any damn reason to ride a bull : its only practical application is to make you appreciate your own job — even if you ’re unemployed .
Straddling 1800 pounds of leaping pissed - off beef ( an effect achieved by constricting bovine genitals with rope , or TASERING ) routinely results in the rider being thrown 10 feet into the air , with a landing cushioned by a mere inch of dirt and feces .
And if you do n’t break your jaw , ribs , or collarbone on re-entry , you still have that bull to worry about ( he ’s still bitter ) .
6 Bull Running
The Running of the Bulls ( “ encierro ” ) is a “ sport ” that involves running in front of bulls that have been let loose on a course of a town ’s streets .
There are actually several encierros , but the most famous is in Pamplona , Spain , and it was mentioned in Hemingway ’s “ The Sun Also Rises ” and “ Death in the Afternoon ” .
The purpose is to entice or herd the bulls from off - site corrals to the bullring .
Any fool over eighteen with more bravado than brains ( which would have included me at eighteen ) can participate .
Every year between 200 and 300 people are injured , mostly with contusions due to falls .
Since 1910 , 14 people have been killed in Pamplona ’s Running of The Bulls .
5 Cheerleading
Forget the wimps wearing pads and helmets - the real danger is on the sidelines , where estrogen and adrenaline combine in one of the newest recognized sports .
It has been estimated that there are over 20,000 reported cheerleading injuries a year , making cheerleading the most injury - prone sport in the world for women .
Many common injuries include broken legs and spinal injuries .
Think about it — it ’s like diving on land , with easily distracted co-eds serving as the water .
I ’m all for cute girls in skimpy outfits ( especially those USC sweaters ) , but this sport has a lot of catching up to do , safety - wise .
4 Motorcycle Racing
Motorcycling is the most dangerous motorsport in the world .
Just one example is The Isle of Man TT event , which has a rich 100 - year history .
But during that time , there have been over 220 deaths .
The drivers in the race are required to maintain their balance while driving through all types of obstacles such as rocks and trees , and even bugs on their windscreens .
This is all done while traveling at an extremely high rate of speed .
And do n’t get me started about all that X - Games crap .
Remember , Travis Pastrana , it ’s all fun and games until someone gets …
3 High Altitude Climbing
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=r_0eAj9rvBg&
Let ’s see : a sport that keeps fatality stats and has NO chance of women in bikinis .
Nope , I ’ll just buy the $ 945 North Face jacket and read “ Into Thin Air ” , thank you .
Today , about one death occurs for every six successful summits on Everest , and each victim had to pass corpses on the way up .
Real mountaineers face every threat you can imagine , up to and including drowning .
Gravity must queue up for its chance to kill you , as hypoxia , hypothermia , frostbite and pneumonia all have prior reservations .
Even a regular injury can be fatal , as rescue helicopters simply can’t get to you and your buddies may be too gassed to help .
But if you do summit ( you ’ll probably have to wait in line ) , keep those glasses on or you ’ll burn up your corneas from excess UV radiation .
Kinda defeats the purpose , huh ?
To date , 179 out of 1,300 different Everest climbers have died , but mortality rates have started to decline since 1990 .
2 BASE Jumping
You know , we used to call this behavior “ attempted suicide ” .
BASE jumpers willingly hurl themselves from Buildings , Antenna , Spans , or Earth with nothing but a hand - deployed parachute to prevent “ deceleration trauma . ”
In this game , there ’s no need to keep score : the winner is the one who DOESN ’T DIE .
Lucky losers get slammed back into the object they just jumped off of or break everything they have made of , say , bone .
Between 5 and 15 people die each year , according to Harry Parker of The International PRO BASE Circuit .
This is sport is illegal almost everywhere , and with good reason .
R.I.P. Slim .
1 Cave Diving
The idea for this sport came as somebody was disposing of a body .
Take all the regular hazards of diving ( itself a dangerous activity ) , and add exploring uncharted territory , freezing temperatures , low - visibility conditions , and cramped quarters .
And do n’t forget that ticking clock on your air supply — you ca n’t just go “ up ” to breathe ( risking “ the bends ” ) .
On top of that , it ’s still a wilderness experience , and some of the caves actually have wild animals living in them .
According to a recovery team based in San Marcos , there have been more than 500 deaths from this sport since the 1960s .
The risks are so high that experience affords little protection– many of these victims have been diving instructors and technical divers .
As a result , the National Speleological Society defines a “ successful ” cave dive as “ one you return from . ”
Perhaps they should follow that logic and define an “ intelligent ” cave dive as “ one you do n’t take ” .
A jury has convicted the " papa " of the Rawiri whanau and four of his sisters of the manslaughter of their niece Janet Moses in a makutu curse - lifting ritual .
Angry sobs greeted the verdicts at 10 pm in the High Court at Wellington last night .
Janet Moses ' mother , Olivia Rawiri , was among the inconsolable family crying in the foyer .
As family retreated from media , one shouted the " law stands for lies " .
The jury spent nearly 21 hours considering its verdicts before delivering them to a packed public gallery , mainly of extended family members .
The jury foreman 's hands shook as he delivered the 10 verdicts .
John Rawiri , known in the family as Papa , and his sisters Glenys Wright , Aroha Wharepapa , Angela Orupe and Tanginoa Apanui were found guilty .
Another sister , Gaylene Kepa , and her husband , Alfred Kepa , were acquitted , as was Hall ( Horo ) Wharepapa .
Two people whose names were suppressed were acquitted of allowing a 14 - year - old girl in their care to be ill - treated .
During the six - week trial the jury was told that Ms Moses ' family had gathered round her when she became ill in October 2007 .
The Crown said she had an emerging mental illness but the family thought she had a makutu , or curse , as a result of the theft of a concrete lion from a Wairarapa pub about two weeks earlier .
But the ritual of blessings and prayers descended over about four days into an intense , chaotic , improvised ceremony to drive demons from Ms Moses and other family members who were also thought to be possessed .
Ms Moses drowned and the 14 - year - old girl 's eyes were injured as people picked at the demons they saw in them .
Charlie Moses , Janet 's paternal grandfather , said before the verdicts were delivered that the end of the case , no matter what the outcome , would let her spirit find peace .
" At least when they [ get ] the verdict she 'll be at peace .
Then we can get on with our lives , all of us . "
He declined to speak after the verdicts .
At first , he said , he felt hatred toward the family members who performed the fatal ritual , but hatred had been replaced by regret and sadness .
" We 've made our peace with them .
They did n't know what they were doing , even though I told them not to go down that road .
" They chose to do it anyway .
For that mistake ... they 're going to pay for the rest of their lives .
I wish them well all the same . "
On the night of the curse - lifting ceremony he had stopped his granddaughter 's former partner , Andre Lambert , from entering the house an action he now deeply regrets , as he believes he would have tried to stop the ceremony .
" He could have saved her life .
I made the mistake of keeping him out of that room .
That 's one mistake I badly regret . "
Justice Simon France remanded the convicted five on bail to be sentenced on August 14 .
- The Dominion Post
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - Democrats broke a logjam in President Barack Obama ’s drive to revamp the costly U.S. healthcare system on Wednesday when a group of party conservatives accepted a compromise that allowed an overhaul bill to advance in the House of Representatives .
Congressman Mike Ross , L , ( D - AL ) speaks to reporters after he and a group of fellow Democratic Congressmen met with U.S. President Barack Obama about overhauling the healthcare system at the White House in Washington July 21 , 2009 .
REUTERS / Kevin Lamarque
The agreement with four conservative congressmen from Obama ’s Democratic Party sparked immediate grumbling from liberals , Republicans and others even as the breakthrough allowed a key House committee to take up the bill .
Obama , whose chief of staff , Rahm Emanuel , worked with members of Congress to craft the compromise , said he was grateful that lawmakers “ are working so hard to find common ground . ”
“ Those efforts are extraordinarily constructive in strengthening this legislation and bringing down its cost , ” Obama said .
Since taking office six months ago , Obama has made an overhaul of healthcare , which accounts for one - sixth of the U.S. economy , his top legislative priority .
He insists it is crucial to a broader economic recovery and has pushed lawmakers -- due to recess for a month soon -- to forge a deal quickly to rein in healthcare costs , improve care and cover most of the 46 million uninsured Americans .
Representative Mike Ross , a leader of the conservative Democrats known as the “ Blue Dogs , ” told reporters the agreement , which followed lengthy negotiations with party leaders and the White House , would shave $ 100 billion off the bill ’s price tag of at least $ 1 trillion , making it more palatable to fiscal conservatives in both parties .
The Blue Dogs had put the brakes on the bill in the Energy and Commerce Committee , the last of three House committees to vote on it , over concerns about costs and other issues .
With the agreement , the bill was to move through that committee by Friday , even if House leaders later change it before the full House votes in September .
But Democratic Representative Eliot Engel said
House leaders had left liberals on the panel with little choice but to vote for it as it stands or stall its progress .
“ In a way , a number of us feel we ’ve been held hostage , ” Engel said .
While the bill still includes a government - run insurance program , liberals said a requirement that Washington negotiate prices with doctors and hospitals -- putting the public plan on the same footing as private insurers -- would make coverage unaffordable for many .
The compromise would exempt 86 percent of small businesses from being required to contribute to health insurance for their workers .
It would also allow states to set up insurance cooperatives alongside a national government health insurance plan .
Democrats on the Energy and Commerce Committee met in closed session to go over the details before a full panel meeting and votes on Thursday , and probably on Friday .
SENATE EDGING CLOSER
In the Senate , Republicans and Democrats negotiating a healthcare reform deal also got a boost from congressional budget analysts who priced their bill at less than $ 900 billion over 10 years -- below some cost estimates of $ 1 trillion or more .
Senate Finance Committee Chairman Max Baucus said the Congressional Budget Office reported the plan would reduce the federal deficit , spur employer - provided health coverage and provide insurance coverage to 95 percent of Americans .
Three Democrats and three Republicans on the Senate Finance panel have edged closer to a deal this week that could form the heart of an eventual Senate healthcare plan .
“ I am confident they will get a bill ... a bipartisan bill will come out of that committee , ” Senate Democratic Leader Harry Reid told reporters .
Senator Charles Grassley , one of the panel ’s three Republicans involved in the talks , said in a Reuters interview the negotiators were making great progress but tough issues remained on financing and cost containment .
Senate Finance negotiations focused on a plan that would use nonprofit cooperatives to compete with private insurers to drive down costs , not the government option plan favored by Obama and many other Democrats .
The Senate panel also is likely to back a tax on high - cost insurance policies to raise revenue and keep costs down .
[ n N29176517 ]
Dick Durbin , the Senate ’s second - ranked Democrat , said the lack of a public insurance option in the Finance Committee bill was not what he and many other Democrats wanted , but he was encouraging senators to stay patient .
Obama had asked both the Senate and House to come up with initial draft bills before the August recess , but that deadline is dead in the Senate and nearly impossible in the House .
When they return , they will negotiate a joint bill that Obama hopes to sign into law this year .
Healthcare industry officials welcomed the efforts .
“ We applaud the efforts of Baucus and Grassley to try to make it a bipartisan approach because we think that will be thoroughly vetted and one where I think we ’re going to get more sustainable solutions coming out of it , ” Angela Braly , chief executive of health insurer WellPoint Inc , said in an interview with Reuters .
A New York Times / CBS
News poll showed 69 percent of Americans were concerned their care would suffer if there were on a government - run plan .
But 49 percent said they backed fundamental changes and 66 percent feared losing their insurance if the government does not act .
The poll had a margin of error of 3 percentage points .
Obama traveled to North Carolina and Virginia on Wednesday for campaign - style events to tell Americans why insurance reform meant more security and stability for them and their families .
Pot -smokers , beware :
You may want to avoid dieting before that next company drug test .
New research shows that even if a person has n’t smoked marijuana in months , he or she could still test positive for the drug after dieting or beginning a heavy exercise ritual .
In a recent study using rats , Australian scientists found that extreme stress or major dieting can result in a positive drug test , even if the tester has n’t smoked pot in weeks .
Fat cells love the psychoactive ingredient , Tetrahydrocannabinol ( THC ) , found in pot , and they absorb it — and hold onto it — extremely well .
Even long after a person stops smoking up , his body undergoes changes as a result of exercising or shedding pounds , and these changes can cause THC to be released into the blood stream once those fat cells start to break down .
New Scientist reports :
Jonathon Arnold and colleague Iain McGregor first exposed THC - laden fat cells taken from rats to the stress hormone ACTH .
They found that the hormone increased the speed of release of THC from the cells .
Then they injected rats with 10 milligrams per kilogram of THC ( equivalent to a person smoking between five and 10 cannabis cigarettes , depending on their strength ) every day for 10 days .
Two days later , they injected a third of the rats with ACTH , deprived another third of food for 24 hours , with the rest as controls .
Blood tests showed that the rats who where on diets had twice as much THC in their systems — though the effects only lasted for two days .
The scientists will have to test out their theory over a longer time scale , but the true test will be whether humans show identical effects .
And it ca n’t come too soon :
In this economy , you do n’t want anything to get in the way of your employment .
Related Content : Discoblog : Pot In A Pill ?
Discoblog : World 's Oldest Stash
Image : flickr / BodhiSativa Photography
June 22 , 2009 --
The latest weapon in the battle of the bulge may be as close as your kitchen pantry .
Ordinary household vinegar -- used to make oil - and - vinegar salad dressings or pickles -- appears to turn on genes that help fight fat , researchers in Japan report .
Vinegar has long been touted as a cure - all for many ills .
The substance has been used a folk medicine remedy since ancient times .
Modern medical evidence is slowly adding credence to some of the claims .
In recent years , research has suggested that the main chemical in vinegar , called acetic acid , can help control blood pressure and blood sugar .
The current findings suggest that vinegar might help a person lose weight or fight obesity .
Tomoo Kondo and colleagues gave acetic acid or water to mice via a stomach tube .
All were provided a high - fat diet to eat normally .
Researchers found that the mice developed a lot less body fat ( up to 10 % less ) than mice who did n’t receive the vinegar compound .
The amount of food eaten by the mice was not affected .
It ’s believed that acetic acid turns on genes that produce proteins that help the body break down fats .
Such an action helps prevent fat buildup in body , and thwarts weight gain .
The findings are scheduled to be published in the July 8 , 2009 issue of Journal of Agricultural and Food Chemistry .
Does Sex In Advertising Sell ?
This article has been achieved for now .
Used games have been a cause for commotion among the gaming industry for years now .
Many prefer to pay a smaller price for a previously owned title , while others believe that buying used games is like stealing .
An interesting fact about used games is that they make an incredible amount of profit .
GameStop was one of the first companies to buy and sell used games .
The process of offering a low value for consumers ’ used titles then in turn selling the title for around $ 5 less than the new counterpart has proven incredibly effective .
So effective in fact that some resources report that the company makes as much as double the amount of profit from used games versus new games .
The unfortunate side - effect of used game sales is that developers receive fewer and fewer sales as used game sales steadily rise .
The end result of fewer sales due to used games is that the developer earns no profit from the second - hand sale .
In essence , the availability of used titles attracts potential buyers of the new game and in turn lowers profits for developers .
Just yesterday , the well - known and revered game designer David Jaffe got into a heated argument about used game sales over Twitter .
Jaffe argued that used game sales drastically hurt game developers , and also proposed a potential solution .
David Jaffe posted the following on his Twitter :
“ Gamer suffers .
IF gamestop cut game makers into the deal , Gamestop could stay in biz much longer than they currently will . ”
He also added :
“ Used games hurt devs/ publishers .
Hurt devs/ publishers go out of biz or find ways ( dig dist ; all content only on first sale ) to stay in biz . ”
So it seems that David Jaffe believes that over the course of time , game volume will decrease due to a lack of sales and will eventually end up in GameStop losing massive profits .
He has proposed that developers receive a cut from the profits of used game sales , which will make up for the loss of new game sales .
This is an interesting proposal , but one problem is that regulation of sales through sites such as Craigslist , eBay and Amazon would likely be impossible .
With that said , there is no doubt that used game sales continue to accelerate as games have gotten shorter and less replayable .
The question is , what is the best way to handle used game sales so that both developer and consumer can be happy ?
Please reply with your opinion in the comments below .
« Inbound maintenance ! | Main |
What have the Romans done for us ...? »
False Positives and the Database State
There is , in the UK ( as elsewhere ) a prevailing climate of paranoia about adults interacting with children .
In an attempt to be seen to Do Something , in the wake of a particularly gruesome multiple murder , the British government established a new agency , the Independent Safeguarding Authority , " to help prevent unsuitable people from working with children and vulnerable adults . "
Working with the Criminal Records Bureau , the ISA " will assess every person who wants to work or volunteer with vulnerable people .
Potential employees and volunteers will need to apply to register with the ISA . "
For a fee of £ 64 you apply to the ISA for a background check .
They then certify that you 're not an evil paedophile and a threat to society , and issue you with a piece of paper that says you 're allowed to interact with children in a specific role .
Want multiple roles — driving kids to school in your taxi , and teaching them karate in the evening ? — get multiple certificates .
Authors need to get a certificate before they can visit schools to deliver readings .
MPs need a background check , it seems , before they can visit schools .
( Usually the employer is responsible for getting the certificate ; hilarity ensues when it transpires that MPs are n't actually employed by Parliament ...)
As you can imagine , the authors are upset .
As Philip Pullman puts it , " It seems to be fuelled by the same combination of prurience , sexual fear and cold political calculation , " the author of the bestselling His Dark Materials trilogy said today .
" When you go into a school as an author or an illustrator you talk to a class at a time or else to the whole school .
How on earth — how on earth — how in the world is anybody going to rape or assault a child in those circumstances ?
It 's preposterous . "
He 's completely right , in my opinion .
But the situation is worse than he imagines .
I 'm not going to apply for a CRB check &mdash ever .
And not because I 'm a criminal .
( My sum total of negative interaction with the law over the past 44 years has amounted to two speeding tickets , most recently six years ago . )
Nor am I outraged at the privacy thing .
( I 'm used to the idea that we live in a panopticon . )
What I 'm worried about is the problem of false positives .
Even the simplest of databases have been found to contain error rates of 10 % .
( The HMRC database in this study contains merely first , second and surname , title , sex , data of birth , address and National Insurance number — nevertheless 10 % of the records contain errors . )
Other agencies are even more prone to mistakes .
For example : my wife recently discovered that our GP 's medical records showed her as having been born outside the UK rather than in an NHS hospital in Manchester .
We do n't know why that error 's in the system , and we 've got the birth certificate and witnesses to prove that it is an error , but imagine the fun that might ensue if the control freaks in Whitehall decided to enforce record sharing between the NHS and the Immigration Agency ...!
( Hopefully they 're not that stupid , but who can tell ? )
The point is , if 10 % of government database records contain an error , than the probability of a sweep of databases coming up with an error rises as you consult more sources .
And there are a whole bundle of wonderful ways for errors to show up .
If your name and date of birth are the same as someone with heavy criminal record , a CRB check could label you as a bad guy .
If your social security number is one digit transposition away from $ BAD_GUY , see above .
If the previous owner of your house was a child abuser , see above .
If your street address is one letter / digit away from a street address occupied by a criminal and some bored clerk mis-typed it , you can end up being conflated with somebody else .
And the more sources the CRB checks , the higher the probability of a false positive result — that is , of them obtaining a positive result ( subject is a criminal ) when in fact the subject is a negative .
This is not a hypothetical worry .
As of last November , the CRB had falsely identified more than 12,000 people as criminals , according to the Home Office .
( Raw parliamentary answer here . )
These are the disputes that were upheld , that is , ones where the falsely mis-identified were able to convince the CRB that their record was incorrect .
These are false positives which have been conclusively identified as such .
While the identified false positive rate is around 0.1 % , the true figure is certainly much higher : because there will be a proportion of individuals identified as false positives who are in the unfortunate position of lacking the documentation to prove their innocence .
I expect the ISA will be returning many false positives , because they 're looking in multiple places for evidence of misbehaviour , and the more places they look in , the more likely they are to stumble across corrupt database records that are superficially incriminating .
The harder they look for evidence of misdeeds , the likelier they are to find them ( even if no such misdeeds took place ) .
I 'm not going near that thing with a barge - pole .
The nature of the precautionary bureaucracy we 're establishing in the UK is such that flags raised by the ISA will almost inevitably be propagated elsewhere through the police and social security system , sooner or later .
I 'm probably as safe as ISA background check applicant can be , because I 've got a unique name , no criminal record ( beyond the aforementioned speeding tickets ) , and the previous owners of everywhere I 've lived in the past 20 years have been pillars of respectability .
However , even an 0.1 % chance of being branded as Evil™ is too damn high , because the personal cost if you fail an ISA check is potentially enormous going forward .
I assume that in the near future , failing an ISA check will itself be something that people are required to disclose on job applications — not to mention ending up in current police intelligence databases .
To put it in perspective , that 0.1 % probability of being on the receiving end of a false positive is of the same order as the risk of being seriously injured in a road traffic accident at some time in one 's life .
So I wo n't be doing any readings in schools , or work with youth groups , in the forseeable future .
Sorry — but it 's too dangerous .
| Permalink
What We Are Able To Show Of Mass Effect 2
by David ' Hades ' Becker [ Monday , 13th of July 2009 - 04:57 PM ]
One of the big things that was kept behind guarded close doors a month ago at E3 was Mass Effect 2 .
EA wen to great measures to ensure that no one caught video or even spoke about what was seen in the small closed off room .
With good sense given some of the spoilers and how epic this game looks like it is going to be .
If you are a fan , you know what I 'm talking about here .
Well here is some good news for you that were not one of the lucky few to get into that hidden booth , but have heard about things from it .
BioWare has given a new developer 's diary showcasing a good portion of what was seen back there .
About four minutes worth of what was shown behind those closed and secret doors .
All with some good explanation on a few things to go along with said visuals .
Word to the wise though .
There are some spoilers mixed into this video as well .
Things that are about characters and possible endings to the game .
If you do n't want to be spoiled , watch it with the sound turned off .
Then you 'll at least get some good eye candy with out ruining anything .
plus -circle Add Review
comment Reviews
Reviewer : WINSTON SMITH3353 - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 5 , 2012
Subject : Excellent Good print and sound .
Sympathetic screenplay by John Steinbeck .
He had a great love for the Mexican peasant .
This film encouraged him to write and produce _ The Pearl_ on the Gulf Coast of Mexico shortly afterwards .
Burgess Meridith narration .
Two wonderful old school progressives .
Well preserved black & white tone and texture .
Cinematography by Alexander Hackensmid taken from the original 35 mm nitrate print .
Angles , closeups , and rural scenery were caught with great sensitivity .
I 've never heard of Hackensmid until this viewing and he has the look I love in old B &W film .
I will be looking for more of his work .
Thank you Internet Archive for finding such a great copy and preserving this cinematographer 's work .
This is an excellent documentary and accurately depicts the dress , habitat , techno- cultural , and mindset of the Mexican peasant in 1941 which had not progressed perceptively since the early 1800s .
The contrast of the rural peasant walking the streets of Mexico City among contemporary urbanites is very informative of the time and the initial apathy for the village 's plight is a coherent portrayal of the inherited old - world class order ( Spaniard blood purity vs. native ancestry ) , which still exists today in many former Spanish colonies .
For those critics who have said that this was an unrealistic portrayal of peasant resistance against modern medicine in 1941 , I challenge them to visit the more remote villages in Haiti in 2012 .
Today , one can meet up against the same obstacles of fear and ignorance ( formidably backed up by the local voodoo priest and the latest generation of armed Touton Macoute , in place of the old shaman woman ) in the fight against AIDS .
I 've been there .
From what I 've seen , I doubt this is a work of " ethno - fiction " as described by some critics .
( I also doubt if these same critics had ever left their typewriters in LA or NYC to venture into the world beyond the best hotels , beaches and golf courses of Cuba and Mexico . )
I highly recommend this film as a realistic historical and cultural document portrayed in beautiful photography .
Written and narrated by two of America 's bravest liberal artists .
Definitely 5 stars .
- November 5 , 2012 Excellent
Reviewer : Dr Feel Rotten - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - November 8 , 2010
Subject :
It 's as real then as it is today .
Today we have millions who think all they have to do is to pray to an invisible man in the sky to cure all illnesses and who will also ride in on a white horse to make everyone prosperous and turn us into a concurring land worthy of " the gods " .
How pathetic people really are even today .
- November 8 , 2010
It 's as real then as it is today .
Reviewer : marvmitch - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - January 1 , 2010
Subject : Get this iPod Movie
You can get this movie for your iPod at http://www.ipod-lounge.com
- January 1 , 2010
Get this iPod Movie
Reviewer : kinematos - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 5 , 2009
Subject : Openly and unapologetically progressive
This is a movie by John Steinbeck .
It was filmed in 1941 , in the mountains of Mexico .
It has no actors , only real local people .
With the exception of the village teacher , none of them had ever seen a movie .
It is a good movie , but that is not the only reason why I recommend it .
The other reason is that Steinbeck was of a kind one does n't often meet today , in this age of cultural conservatism --- an overt and unapologetic progressive .
This is an unusual and unfashionable movie .
- August 5 , 2009
Openly and unapologetically progressive
Reviewer : kofferfisch - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - May 13 , 2006
Subject : Music
This is Hans Eisler !!
Famous German composer , see Brechts Kuhle Wampe etc .
H. - May 13 , 2006Music
Reviewer : Christine Hennig - favorite favorite favorite favorite favorite - August 22 , 2004
Subject : Culture Clash Between Traditional and Modern Ways
This sensitively - done 30s documentary tells the story of Juan Diego , a young man who lives in a tiny Mexican village , where people live a traditional rural lifestyle that has changed little over thousands of years .
The only link with the outside world is JuanÂs schoolteacher , who gives the village children a bit of knowledge of the modern world .
When the children of JuanÂs village start sickening and dying in droves , Juan goes to his teacher for help .
The teacher suspects that the village well is spreading an infectious disease , and he encourages Juan to go to a nearby city and get a public health team to come and help .
Unfortunately , the villagers rely on a local medicine woman for healthcare , and they are extremely hostile to new ideas .
When Juan returns with the medical team , most of the families hide their sick children from them , and when they try to disinfect the well , the villagers accuse them of poisoning it .
In desperation to cure his seriously ill younger sister ( he already lost a brother to the illness ) , Juan sneaks her to the medical team in the middle of the night to get her an injection of a curative serum , but his father catches him afterwards and orders him to leave the village and never return .
The medical team , however , make arrangements for Juan to attend a special school for young people who want to bring modern medicine to their villages .
They reassure Juan that change happens slowly , and that it will be young people like him who will finally bring such changes about .
This is an intelligent and sensitive film that is not too hard on the villagers who reject the medical team Âs interventions .
This makes it more enlightened than youÂd expect for the time it was made .
Of course , by today Âs standards , it has some problems ÂÂit gives no context for the villagersÂ suspiciousness of outsiders coming in and trying to change their ways , which may encourage audience members to think of them as just ignorant and stubborn .
And it shows no downside to modernity , whereas from today Âs perspective we know that modern ways , with their medical miracles and conveniences , have a tendency to destroy traditional ways of life , leaving little for poor rural people to take its place .
Still , this film is a wonderful documentation of those ways of life , as well as providing a historically interesting snapshot of public health practices in Mexico during the 30s .
Ratings : Camp / Humor Value : N/ A. Weirdness : ***. Historical Interest : *****+.
Overall Rating : *****. - August 22 , 2004 Culture Clash Between Traditional and Modern Ways
People in Japan are turning to animal cafes as a way to release the tensions of everyday life .
With restrictions on pet ownership in many apartments , the cafes are becoming a popular place to relax and unwind .
And at a dollar - a- minute to cuddle the pet of your choice , it is almost as exclusive as a more traditional retreat .
Kathy Harcombe reports .
In addition , every Solar Road panel has its own microprocessor and energy management system , so if one gives out , the rest are not borked .
Materials - wise , the top layer is described as translucent and high - strength .
Inhabitat says it 's glass , which seems odd , especially since Solar Roadways claims the surface provides excellent traction .
The base layer under the solar panel routes the power , as well as data utilities ( TV , phone , Internet ) to homes and power companies .
China Increases Security in Uighur Region
Urumqi , in China ’s Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region , settled into tense stillness after three days of deadly ethnic violence .
The appeal decision [ PDF ] in SCO v. Novell is in :
For the foregoing reasons , we AFFIRM the district courts judgment with regards to the royalties due Novell under the 2003 Sun- SCO Agreement , but REVERSE the district courts entry of summary judgment on ( 1 ) the ownership of the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights ; ( 2 ) SCOs claim seeking specific performance ; ( 3 ) the scope of Novells rights under Section 4.16 of the APA ; ( 4 ) the application of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing to Novells rights under Section 4.16 of the APA .
On these issues , we REMAND for trial .
The issue was whether it is appropriate to decide matters on summary judgment , and this court thought the APA was complex enough and ambiguous enough that a jury trial is more appropriate .
Here 's the heart of it all :
But so long as sufficient evidence could lead a rational trier of fact to resolve the dispute in favor of either party , granting either party 's dueling motions for summary judgment would be inappropriate .
I think that means Chapter 7 looms , because SCO was counting on the appeal to overturn on the issue of the money that the Utah decision gave Novell from the Sun license deal , and that did n't happen .
Of course , there could be new investors .
But the odd thing is , SCO management is no longer in control of any decisions , as pointed out in its recent 8 K : Pursuant to the Bankruptcy Code , and subject to the supervision and approval of the Bankruptcy Court , the Chapter 11 Trustee will have , upon appointment , authority over the Debtors assets and affairs and the future course of the Debtors litigation against Novell , IBM , et al .
So , it 's back to Utah !
Unless
Novell tries to appeal higher , of course , or asks for a full en banc rehearing .
And it's up the the Chapter 11 trustee , once appointed , to decide what he thinks would be the next step , including Chapter 7 .
SCO 's world has changed since it filed this appeal .
Yes , Judge McConnell wrote it .
SCO accurately predicted a number of things , which is a bit weird .
But it is what it is .
It certainly does n't matter to IBM .
They do n't care who owns the copyrights , as their position has always been that they have n't infringed , no matter who owns them .
But Novell has to spend more money now , but they knew this could happen , because this is how litigation goes .
No doubt they 've budgeted for it .
It 's mighty hard to win on summary judgment , because there has to be absolutely no way the party ruled against could ever prevail .
It 's a very high bar , and everything tilts away from the party seeking summary judgment , so it is remarkable that Novell even won in Utah on that , and the royalties remain a huge win for them , now upheld .
I guess SCO could try to appeal that part of this order , if they wish to .
Or rather , the Chapter 11 trustee that is being appointed by the US Trustee 's Office will make that decision .
SCO management no longer controls .
But the bottom line is that this court thought the APA was n't quite clear enough for summary judgment .
That 's all this means , that a jury , not the judge on summary judgment should decide some of this .
I disagree , but they have n't been following SCO for six years .
Personally , I trust juries a lot , more than judges , actually .
I do n't doubt the ultimate outcome .
Do you really think Ed Chatlos will convince a jury , when he is subject to cross examination , not just putting in a declaration , as here ?
And anyway , I enjoy writing Groklaw .
Now we need to start planning to cover the trial itself , if it actually happens .
[ Update : The Salt Lake Tribune has Darl McBride 's reaction , and it's what you would expect : CEO Darl McBride hailed the decision as a " huge validation for SCO " that will enable it to continue its lawsuit against IBM and a related suit against Novell .
Well , that 's no longer up to Darl , happily .
We know the prior SCO manangement 's intentions .
And it 's not a validation .
It 's saying a jury has to decide certain things .
And the headline is n't accurate ( " Appeals court overturns decision in SCO Group , Novell case " ) , or the coverage .
The Utah District Court decision was not " overturned " .
It was overturned in part , and affirmed in part , as you can read for yourself .
The money part was upheld , and the rest is to be determined .
But SCO has no money left .
- end update . ] [ Update 2 : SCO has already filed an 8 K about the ruling : On August 24 , 2009 , the United States Court of Appeals for the Tenth Circuit ( the " Tenth Circuit Court " ) issued its published opinion in the case of The SCO Group , Inc. v. Novell , Inc. ( No. 08-4217 ) .
In the opinion , the Tenth Circuit Court reversed in material respects the summary judgment of August 10 , 2007 , rendered by the United States District Court of Utah , ( the " District Court " ) and the Final Judgment entered on November 20 , 2008 .
In its opinion , the Tenth Circuit Court reversed the summary judgment that Novell did not transfer certain UNIX copyrights to the Santa Cruz Operations as part of an Asset Purchase Agreement executed in 1995 , as amended , and it also reversed the summary judgment that Novell had the right , under that Asset Purchase Agreement , to waive on behalf of SCO , or to direct SCO to waive , certain claims it had asserted against International Business Machines .
The Tenth Circuit Court affirmed the District Court 's judgement with regards to the royalties due Novell under the 2003 Sun-SCO Agreement of $ 2,547,817 plus interest .
The Court remanded the case back to the District Court for trial .
That 's sort of accurate , but it sounds better than it is , I think .
It reversed the summary judgment , saying certain things need a trial , but it certainly did n't say that SCO now has the copyrights .
Basically , we go back to Go , and it's like the judge had denied the summary judgment motions , and it starts back again from there , but with a jury trial instead of just a judge . ]
[ Update 3 : Judge Kimball has recused himself from both the Novell and the IBM cases .
First Novell : 08/24/2009 - 596 - ORDER OF RECUSAL Judge Dale A. Kimball recused .
Case reassigned to Judge Ted Stewart for all further proceedings .
Signed by Judge Dale A. Kimball on 8/24/09 . ( jwt ) ( Entered : 08/24/2009 )
And here 's IBM : 08/24/2009 - 1086 - ORDER OF RECUSAL Judge Dale A. Kimball recused .
Case reassigned to Judge Tena Campbell for all further proceedings .
Signed by Judge Dale A. Kimball on 8/24/09 . ( jwt ) ( Entered : 08/24/2009 ) I 'm puzzled about the IBM recusal .
Maybe he 's sick of SCO .
: D [ Update 4 : The media is struggling .
Only Wired 's David Kravetz notices this part of the ruling :
The appellate court , without taking any sides , ordered a jury trial to determine whether SCO Group properly owned the Unix and UnixWare copyrights .
The court , in short , said the case was too close to call without a trial .
 We take no position on which party ultimately owns the Unix copyrights or which copyrights were required for Santa Cruz to exercise its rights under the agreement ,  the court wrote .
 Such matters are for the finder of fact on remand . 
And Steven J. Vaughan Nichols on ComputerWorld notices this section :
As the ruling itself states ...
" We recognize that Novell has powerful arguments to support its version of the transaction , and that , as the district court suggested , there may be reasons to discount the credibility , relevance , or persuasiveness of the extrinsic evidence that SCO presents . "
But , since " the evidence presented on a dispositive issue is subject to conflicting , reasonable interpretations , summary judgment is improper .
So , " We think SCO has presented sufficient evidence to create a triable fact as to whether at least some UNIX copyrights were required for it to exercise its rights under the agreement . "
So , if the court was leaning in either direction , it 's not hard to see which way .
But the issue was summary judgment or trial .
At the other end of the spectrum , Deseret News says : Part of the Unix computer code was developed by AT&T Inc. in 1969 and is used in the Linux computer operating system that is distributed for free .
Sigh .
That is the question , not the answer .
That is SCO 's claim , but they have yet to prove it .
Wow , this is like the early days .
Is Darl calling up the media again ?
Why , yes .
Yes , he is : " For us it 's a case of survival , of protecting what we own . "
SCO chief executive Darl McBride told The Associated Press .
Part of the Unix computer code , which was developed by AT&T in 1969 , is used in the Linux operating system .
McBride said the development and distribution of Linux has caused the company 's revenues to drop from $ 250 million a year to $ 15 million , forcing the company to file for bankruptcy .
" There are 20 million versions of Linux running around the world , " McBride said , referring to his estimate of company servers using Linux .
" Linux at the end of the day is a knock off of our Unix . "
He says it .
They print it .
Just like the early days .
Amazing .
Here 's more wrong info , from NetworkWorld :
The ruling likely will re-open the companys litigation of IBM , based on a relationship SCO has with private equity firm Stephen Norris Capital Partners .
In February of last year , Stephen Norris Capital Partners pumped up to $ 100 million into SCO believing the rulings against the company could be reversed on appeal to a higher court .
The firms commitment requires SCO to aggressively continue its ongoing litigation against Novell and IBM , as well as another case against AutoZone Inc .
They pumped no money into SCO .
Vice versa , actually , according to testimony in the bankruptcy .
I truly hope when the media reports on urgent matters , like swine flu , they get the facts more accurate than this .
- end update 4 . ] [ Update 5 : Remember at the last bankruptcy hearing , when SCO kept trying to tell the court that if they could just win something on appeal , their stock would go up , up and away ?
Well , they have now put out a press release about a teleconference tomorrow at 10 AM their time with Darl and Ryan Tibbitts , titled " Investor Alert : SCO Group to Hold Investor Call ; CEO , General Counsel to Discuss Ruling by Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals " .
Investor alert , indeed .
I 'd recommend that totally : INVESTOR ALERT : The SCO Group , Inc. , ( PinkSheets : SCOXQ ) a leading provider of UNIX ( R ) software technology and mobility solutions , today announced that it will conduct a live investor call tomorrow morning at 10:00 a.m. Mountain
Time with CEO Darl McBride and SCO general counsel , Ryan Tibbitts .
The call will be to discuss the ruling by the Tenth Circuit Court of Appeals that overturns material aspects of the district court 's 2007 summary judgment against SCO and its remanding of the case for jury trial .
The press release gives you the number to call , should you wish to do so , all you drooling investors out there . ]
Meanwhile , news on the Pelican story , the fraud litigation , Darl apparently has his brother representing him , and he tried to file a motion to dismiss , but the court clerk rejected it .
He has to file it electronically :
08/24/2009 - *** REJECTION OF ATTEMPTED PAPER FILING IN ECF CASE .
The following document (s ) Darl McBride 's Motion to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction , Memorandum in support of Darl McBride 's Motion to Dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction , Declaration of Darl McBrid in support of motion to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction .
Filing Attorney : McBride Law , PC , was rejected by the Clerk 's Office and must be FILED ELECTRONICALLY on the Court 's ECF System . ( eef ) ( Entered : 08/24/2009 )
Not a good start . ]
Here is the ruling as rough text , which I 'll perfect as time allows , and I 'll swing back by after I have a chance to read it more carefully [ update : I 'm done , so if you see any errors now , let me know , and go by the PDF for anything that matters ] , but I knew you 'd want to see it right away .
[ As for further thoughts , footnote 2 seems oddly contradictory to every else written in the body of the ruling .
See what you think . ] :
*******************************
PUBLISH UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS TENTH CIRCUIT ____________________
THE SCO GROUP , INC . , Plaintiff - Appellant , v. NOVELL , INC . , Defendant - Appellee .
___________________
No. 08-4217 ___________________
APPEAL FROM THE UNITED STATES DISTRICT COURT
FOR THE DISTRICT OF UTAH
( D.C. NO .
2:04 -CV-00139-DAK
__________________
Stuart Singer , Boies , Schiller & Flexner LLP , Fort Lauderdale , Florida ( David Boies , Robert Silver , and Edward Normand , Boies Schiller & Flexner LLP , Armonk , New York ; Brent O. Hatch , Mark F. James , Hatch , James & Dodge , PC , Salt Lake City , Utah ; Devan V. Padmanabhan , Dorsey & Whitney LLP , Minneapolis , Minnesota with him on the briefs ) for Plaintiff - Appellant .
Michael Jacobs , Morrison & Foerster LLP , San Francisco , California ( George C. Harris , Grant L. Kim , David E. Melaugh , Morrison & Foerster LLP , San Francisco , California ; Thomas R. Karrenberg , Heather M. Sneddon , Anderson & Karrenberg , Salt Lake City , Utah with him on the briefs ) for Defendant - Appellee .
_____________________
Before LUCERO , BALDOCK and McCONNELL , Circuit Judges .
_____________________
McCONNELL , Circuit Judge .
_____________________
This case primarily involves a dispute between SCO and Novell regarding the scope of intellectual property in certain UNIX and UnixWare technology and other rights retained by Novell following the sale of part of its UNIX business to Santa Cruz , a predecessor corporate entity to SCO , in the mid-1990s .
Following competing motions for summary judgment , the district court issued a detailed opinion granting summary judgment to Novell on many of the key issues .
We affirm the judgment of the district court in part , reverse in part , and remand for trial on the remaining issues .
I. Background
We begin by laying out some of the basic facts underlying Novell 's transfer of certain UNIX - related assets to Santa Cruz , as well as the background to the instant litigation .
Other facts will be discussed as the issues require .
A . The UNIX Business and the Sale to Santa Cruz UNIX is a computer operating system originally developed in the late 1960s at AT&T .
By the 1980s , AT&T had developed UNIX System V ( " SVRX " ) ; it built a substantial business by licensing UNIX source code to a number of major computer manufacturers , including IBM , Sun , and Hewlett - Packard .
These manufacturers , in turn , would use the SVRX source code to develop their own individualized UNIX - derived " flavors " for use on their computer systems .
Licensees could modify the source code and create derivative products mostly for internal use , but agreed to keep the UNIX source code confidential .
-2 - In 1993 , Novell paid over $ 300 million to purchase UNIX System Laboratories , the AT&T spin - off that owned the UNIX copyrights and licenses .
Only two years later , however , Novell decided to sell its UNIX business .
Although Novell may have initially intended " to sell the complete UNIX business , " both parties agree that Santa Cruz was either unwilling or unable to commit sufficient financial resources to purchase the entire UNIX business outright .
App'x 8610 ; Aplt. Br. 8 ; Aple. Br. 5 . The deal was therefore structured so that Novell would retain a 95 % interest in SVRX license royalties , which had totaled $ 50 million in 1995 .
The transfer of Unix - related rights occurred pursuant to three documents : an asset purchase agreement ( " APA " ) executed on September 19 , 1995 ; " Amendment No. 1 " signed by the parties at the actual closing on December 6 , 1995 ; and " Amendment No. 2 " on October 16 , 1996 .
The APA provided that : " Buyer will purchase and acquire from Seller on the Closing Date . . . all of Seller 's right , title , and interest in and to the assets and properties of Seller relating to the Business ( collectively the " Assets " ) identified on Schedule 1.1 ( a ) .
Notwithstanding the foregoing , the Assets to be so purchased shall not include those assets ( the " Excluded Assets " ) set forth on Schedule 1.1 ( b ) .
Schedule 1.1 ( a ) included within the list of " Assets " transferred , " [ a ]ll rights and ownership of UNIX and UnixWare . "
App'x 313 .
Section V of the Asset Schedule , entitled " Intellectual property " provided that Santa Cruz would obtain " [ t ] rademarks UNIX and UnixWare as and to the extent held by Seller " but did - 3 - not explicitly mention copyrights .
App'x 315 .
In contrast , Schedule 1.1 ( b ) , the list of assets excluded from the deal , did expressly speak to copyrights .
Section V --" Intellectual Property " -- explained that " All copyrights and trademarks , except for the trademarks UNIX and UnixWare , " as well as " [ a ]ll [ p ] atents , " were excluded from the deal .
App'x 318 ( emphasis added ) .
Less than a year after the deal closed , the parties agreed to Amendment No. 2 , which amended the APA 's treatment of copyrights .
Amendment No. 2 provided that : With respect to Schedule 1.1 ( b ) of the Agreement , titled ' Excluded Assets ' , Section V , Subsection A shall be revised to read :
All copyrights and trademarks , except for the copyrights and trademarks owned by Novell as of the date of the Agreement required for SCO to exercise its rights with respect to the acquisition of UNIX and UnixWare technologies .
However , in no event shall Novell be liable to SCO for any claim brought by any third party pertaining to said copyrights and trademarks .
App'x 374 .
The APA separately purported to give Novell certain residual control over " SVRX Licenses . " Section 4.16 ( b ) of the agreement provided that : Buyer shall not , and shall not have the authority to , amend , modify or waive any right under or assign any SVRX License without the prior written consent of Seller .
In addition , at Seller 's sole discretion and direction , Buyer shall amend , supplement , modify or waive any rights under , or shall assign any rights to , any SVRX License to the extent so directed in any manner or respect by Seller .
- 4 -
The parties differ markedly in their characterization of the rights transferred to Santa Cruz and the value of the deal .
According to SCO , Santa Cruz purchased the bulk of the business , including the core UNIX copyrights , for $ 250 million , but Novell retained a 95 % interest in royalties as a " financing device . "
According to Novell , SCO 's $ 250 million figure improperly inflates the value of the deal , by accounting not only for the value of assets actually transferred by SCO to Novell , but including the share of the SVRX royalty stream retained by Novell .
See Aple. Br. 5 n1 . Novell calculates that it received only about $ 50 million in stock , as well as a promised share of the " UnixWare " revenue stream exceeding certain targets .
Novell contends that it retained ownership of the UNIX copyrights , extending only an implied license to Santa Cruz to use the copyrights , for instance , to develop and distribute an improved version of Novell 's " UnixWare " product .
In support of its understanding of the transaction , SCO relies heavily on extrinsic evidence of the parties ' intent at the time of the APA -- including testimony from Novell 's leadership at the time -- suggesting that the parties ' intent was to transfer the copyrights .
For instance , Robert Frankenberg , then President and CEO of Novell , testified that it was his " initial intent , " his " intent at the time when the APA was signed , " and his " intent when that transaction closed " that " Novell would transfer the copyrights to UNIX and UnixWare technology to Santa Cruz " and that " that intent never changed . "
App'x 8563 .
Similarly , Ed -5 - Chatlos , a Senior Director for UNIX Strategic Partnerships and Business Development within Novell 's Strategic Relations and Mergers and Acquisitions organization , submitted an affidavit affirming SCO 's version of the facts .
See App'x 865960 : In or about June 1995 , I became the lead negotiator for Novell in the negotiations with SCO and headed the day - to - day responsibility for the potential deal .
. . .
During these negotiations , I met regularly with SCO representatives .
. . .
Early in our discussions , it became apparent that SCO could not pay the full purchase price as contemplated by Novell .
To bridge the price gap , it was ultimately agreed that Novell would retain certain binary royalty payments under UNIX licenses .
It was my understanding and intent , on behalf of Novell - - that the complete UNIX business would be transferred to SCO .
Novell , in contrast , defends its interpretation of the transaction largely by pointing to the language of the contract itself , and by arguing that the witnesses put forward by SCO to offer extrinsic evidence of the parties ' intent lacked any familiarity with the actual drafting of the APA 's language or Amendment No. 2 . See Aple. Br. 610 .
At oral argument , Novell suggested that whatever the intent of the business negotiators involved in the deal , it was superseded by the work of those lawyers who ultimately negotiated the language of the contract that governs the transaction .
B. Proceedings Below
In May 2001 , Santa Cruz sold its UNIX business to Caldera , the immediate predecessor to SCO .
Santa Cruz purported to transfer its interest in the UNIX and - 6 - UnixWare copyrights to Caldera / SCO .
In 2002 and 2003 , tensions increased between Novell and SCO .
SCO asserted that users of Linux , an alternative to UNIX , might be infringing on SCO 's UNIX - related intellectual property rights .
See App'x 7178 .
It purported to offer Linux users the opportunity to purchase an intellectual property license in order to continue using Linux without infringing any of SCO 's copyrights .
See id . ; Aple. Br. 13 .
In March 2003 , SCO brought contract and copyright claims against IBM on the basis of SCO 's alleged intellectual property rights in UNIX .
Novell then directed SCO " to waive any purported right SCO may claim to terminate [ certain of ] IBM's SVRX Licenses , " on the basis of its aforementioned waiver rights , set out in Section 4.16 of the APA .
After SCO refused , Novell ultimately claimed publicly that it -- rather than SCO - - maintained ownership over the UNIX copyrights .
App'x 5875 .
SCO filed a slander of title action against Novell .
Novell asserted counterclaims for slander of title , breach of contract , and unjust enrichment .
Both parties then proceeded to amend their pleadings to add additional claims and counterclaims .
After the parties filed dueling motions for summary judgment , the United States District Court for the District of Utah issued a detailed memorandum decision and order on August 10 , 2007 .
The district court first concluded that Novell is the owner of the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights .
It reviewed the APA and Amendment No. 2 separately and sequentially .
See Dist . Ct. Op. 4546 .
The court found that the plain language of - 7 - the APA indicated that the UNIX copyrights were not transferred to Santa Cruz .
See Dist . Ct. Op. 52 . The court also determined that Amendment No. 2 did not transfer ownership of the copyrights .
See id. at 59 .
It reasoned that " [ u ] nlike the APA , Amendment No. 2 was not accompanied by a separate ' Bill of Sale ' transferring any assets . "
Id .
In addition , it found persuasive that Amendment No. 2 amended only the list of excluded assets from the transaction ( Schedule 1.1 ( b ) ) , but did not alter the language of the list of included assets ( Schedule 1.1 ( a ) ) .
Finally , the court determined that Amendment No. 2 did not sufficiently identify which copyrights were to change hands , and therefore failed to satisfy the requirements necessary to transfer ownership of a copyright under Section 204 ( a ) of the Copyright Act , 17 U.S.C. § 204 ( a ) .
Having found that SCO 's assertions of copyright ownership were false , the court granted summary judgment to Novell on SCO 's claims alleging slander of title and seeking specific performance of Novell 's alleged duty to transfer ownership of the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights to SCO .
See Dist . Ct. Op. 62 . The court also rejected SCO 's claims against Novell for unfair competition under Utah common law or statutory law , or for breach of the implied covenant of good faith under California law .
See id. at 63 .
Next , the court reviewed the parties ' competing cross motions regarding whether the APA authorized Novell to direct SCO to waive its claims against IBM and Sequent ( which had been acquired by IBM in 1999 ) for alleged breach - 8 - of their SVRX license agreements .
The parties disputed both whether the IBM and Sequent Sublicensing Agreements were " SVRX Licenses " within the meaning of the APA , as well as the scope of provisions in the APA purportedly authorizing Novell to take action on SCO 's behalf after SCO refused to waive the claims .
See id. at 76 .
Although the district court agreed with SCO that " there appears to be some ambiguity in the APA 's attempt to define SVRX Licenses , " id. at 78 , it ultimately found " no support in the language and structure of the APA for SCO 's interpretation of SVRX License[s ] . "
Id. at 86 .
It therefore concluded that " SVRX Licenses " referred to the " entire set of agreements relating to the licensing of SVRX code . "
Id .
As a result , the court found that Novell " was and is entitled , at its sole discretion , to direct SCO to waive its purported claims against IBM and Sequent , and [ that ] SCO is obligated to recognize Novell 's waiver . "
Id. at 88 .
Having determined that SCO gave Novell the right to waive SCO 's claims by virtue of " an explicit grant of contractual authority , " the court also concluded that California law precluded the application of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing .
Id. at 87 .
Finally , the court addressed Novell 's entitlement to royalties from certain licensing agreements entered into between SCO and Sun and Microsoft in 2003 .
The court found that SCO 's duty to turn over revenue from SVRX licenses was not limited only to licenses existing at the time of the APA .
See id. at 93 .
It also concluded that the Sun agreement represented an unauthorized amendment to an - 9 - SVRX License , in violation of Section 4.16 ( b ) of the APA .
As a result , it concluded that " SCO breached its fiduciary duties to Novell by failing to account for and remit the appropriate SVRX Royalty payments to Novell for the SVRX portions of the 2003 Sun and Microsoft Agreements . "
Id. at 96 .
After a later bench trial on the value of payments due to Novell , the district court awarded Novell judgment in the amount of $ 2,547,817 .
Findings of Fact , July 16 , 2008 at 42.1
On appeal , SCO challenges various aspects of the decision below .
It argues that the district court erred by concluding , as a matter of law , that ( 1 ) Santa Cruz did not obtain the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights from Novell , but instead acquired only an implied license ; ( 2 ) SCO was not now entitled to specific performance -- the transfer of any copyrights not transferred by the APA ; ( 3 ) Novell has the right under the APA to force SCO to waive legal claims against IBM for its alleged breach of software and sublicensing agreements ; ( 4 ) Novell did not have to comply with the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing in exercising any waiver rights ; ( 5 ) Novell retained an interest in royalties from SCO 's 2003 agreement with Sun Microsystems and other post - APA contracts related to SVRX technology .
We address each argument in turn .
- 10 - II .
The Ownership of UNIX and UnixWare Copyrights
We begin by reviewing the district court 's decision to grant summary judgment to Novell with regard to SCO 's claims of ownership in the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights .
Summary judgment is appropriate only " if the pleadings , depositions , answers to interrogatories , and admissions on file , together with the affidavits , if any , show that there is no genuine issue as to any material fact and that the moving party is entitled to judgment as a matter of law . "
Fed. R. Civ. P. 56 ( c ) .
" When applying this standard , we view the evidence and draw reasonable inferences therefrom in the light most favorable to the nonmoving party . "
Davidson v. America Online , Inc. , 337 F.3d 1179 , 1182 ( 10th Cir. 2003 ) ( citation omitted ) .
We review the district court 's grant of summary judgment de novo .
Id. SCO argues that the district court erred by interpreting the APA and Amendment No. 2 as separate and independent .
It further contends that the text of the APA and Amendment No. 2 is at least ambiguous concerning whether the parties intended to transfer ownership of the copyrights , making it appropriate to consider extrinsic evidence .
SCO asserts that a thorough review of extrinsic evidence makes summary judgment inappropriate on whether the copyrights were transferred by the transaction .
Finally , SCO argues that the language in the APA and Amendment No. 2 was sufficient to meet the requirements to transfer ownership of a copyright under the Section 204 ( a ) of the Copyright Act.
- 11 - Novell , in contrast , argues that we ought to consider the APA and Amendment No. 2 separately .
It asserts that the plain language of the APA itself unambiguously did not transfer copyright ownership , making consideration of parol evidence inappropriate .
As for Amendment No. 2 , Novell contends that no admissible extrinsic evidence shows that it was intended to transfer copyright ownership .
Additionally , Novell claims that " SCO presented no evidence that copyright ownership was required to exercise its APA rights . "
Aple. Br. 33 ( emphasis added ) .
Because Amendment No. 2 revised the excluded assets schedule so as to allow only for transfer of those " copyrights . . . owned by Novell as of the date of the Agreement required for SCO to exercise its rights with respect to the acquisition of UNIX and UnixWare technologies , " Novell argues that SCO has failed to demonstrate that any copyrights were transferred .
Finally , Novell argues that any purported transfer of copyrights did not meet the requirements for transfer of ownership under the Copyright Act .
We will proceed in three steps , asking first , whether the APA and Amendment No. 2 should be considered separately or together ; second , whether the APA and Amendment No. 2 satisfy any requirements imposed by the Copyright Act in order to effect a transfer of copyright ownership ; and third , whether the district court erred by concluding , as a matter of law , that the transaction 's language and any admissible extrinsic evidence could not support the conclusion that Novell and Santa Cruz intended the copyrights to transfer .
- 12 - A. Should We Consider APA and Amendment No. 2 Separately or Together ?
The parties initially contest whether Amendment No. 2 should be read separately from the APA or together with it , as a successive writing elucidating the parties ' intent in the original document .
As we explain below , our disposition on this point is important primarily because it operates to fix the scope of extrinsic evidence admissible to clarify the contract .
California law " generally prohibits the introduction of any extrinsic evidence to vary or contradict the terms of an integrated written instrument . "
Gerdlund v. Elec. Dispensers Int'l , 190 Cal. App. 3d 263 , 270 ( Cal. Ct. App. 1987 ) .
California 's parol evidence rule provides that " [ t ] erms set forth in a writing intended by the parties as a final expression of their agreement . . . may not be contradicted by evidence of any prior agreement or of a contemporaneous oral agreement . "
Cal. Code Civ. Proc. § 1856 ( a ) .
Such a writing " may not be contradicted by even the most persuasive evidence of collateral agreements .
Such evidence is legally irrelevant . "
EPA Real Estate P'ship v. Kang , 12 Cal. App. 4th 171 , 175 ( Cal. Ct. App. 1992 ) ; see also Gerdlund , 190 Cal. App. 3d at 270 ( Cal. Ct. App. 1987 ) ( although all parties testified that they shared same intent as to employment agreement , evidence was not admissible to prove meaning of contract where plain language of contract could not support that interpretation ) .
The rule " is based upon the premise that the written instrument is the agreement - 13 - of the parties . "
Id. ( citing Tahoe Nat'l Bank v. Phillips , 480 P.2d 320 , 4 Cal.3d 11 , 2223 ( Cal. 1971 ) ) .
On the other hand , " [ e ] ven if a contract appears unambiguous on its face , California law permits the use of extrinsic evidence to expose " a latent ambiguity . . . which reveals more than one possible meaning to which the language of the contract is yet reasonably susceptible . "
Dore v. Arnold Worldwide , Inc. , 139 P.3d 56 , 60 ( Cal. 2006 ) ( emphasis added ) .
" The test of admissibility of extrinsic evidence to explain the meaning of a written instrument is not whether it appears to the court to be plain and unambiguous on its face , but whether the offered evidence is relevant to prove a meaning to which the language of the instrument is reasonably susceptible . "
Id . ( quoting Pacific Gas & E. Co. v. G.W. Thomas Drayage & Rigging Co. , 442 P.2d 641 , 644 ( Cal. 1968 ) ) .
Thus , California law does not permit the use of extrinsic evidence to establish an ambiguity in the parties ' intent independent from the terms of the contract ; instead , it can only be used to expose or resolve a latent ambiguity in the language of the agreement itself .
If we were to interpret the contract based initially only on the APA itself -- without regard to Amendment No. 2 -- we agree that its language unambiguously excludes the transfer of copyrights .
Although SCO argues that the asset schedule approves of the transfer of " [ a ]ll rights and ownership of UNIX and UnixWare " to SCO , this ignores that the APA explicitly provides that - 14 - " Notwithstanding [ those assets listed on the Asset Schedule ] , the Assets to be so purchased shall not include those assets ( the " Excluded Assets " ) set forth on Schedule 1.1 ( b ) . "
App'x 26465 . Schedule 1.1 ( b ) , in turn , explains straightforwardly that " all copyrights " were excluded from the transaction .
App'x 318 .
None of SCO 's extrinsic evidence explains how the actual language of the APA is " reasonably susceptible " to its interpretation of the transaction - - namely , that all relevant copyrights were transferred ( or in other words , the exact opposite of what the APA 's language suggests ) .
See Dist . Ct. Op. 4651 ( explaining why the language of the APA itself cannot bear the interpretation that copyrights transferred to SCO ) .
Novell argues , therefore , that we ought not consider any of SCO 's extrinsic evidence bearing on the development of the APA itself , and limit any inquiry beyond the text of the agreement to the course of the parties ' negotiations over Amendment No. 2 .
But if we understand Amendment No. 2 to clarify the parties ' original intent as to the transfer of copyrights , SCO 's extrinsic evidence concerning the business negotiations may be relevant to resolving ambiguity concerning the content of that original intent .
Indeed , SCO argues that Amendment No. 2 was designed to bring the language of the transaction in line with the parties ' original intent to transfer the copyrights .
See Aplt. R. Br. 10 ( " Amendment No. 2 clarified the APA to confirm that the copyrights had been transferred thereunder . " )
Of course , Novell disputes this characterization of Amendment No. - 15 - 2 .
But unlike the language of the APA itself , the contractual language of Amendment No. 2 concerning the transfer of copyrights is ambiguous .
Amendment No. 2 revises the excluded asset schedule to limit those copyrights excluded from the transaction to " [ a ]ll copyrights and trademarks , except for the copyrights and trademarks owned by Novell as of the date of the Agreement required for SCO to exercise its rights with respect to the acquisition of UNIX and UnixWare technologies . "
App'x 374 ( emphasis added ) .
Because what copyrights are " required " for SCO to exercise its rights under the agreement is not clear on its face , California law allows courts to consider extrinsic evidence to resolve the ambiguity .
See ASP Properties Group v. Fard , Inc. , 133 Cal. Rptr. 3d 343 , 349 ( Cal. Ct. App. 2005 ) .
Thus , to the extent that it is proper for us to read Amendment No. 2 as clarifying the APA , SCO 's extrinsic evidence of the business negotiators ' intent concerning the transaction ought to be admissible .
Having closely considered the parties ' arguments , as well as the district court 's reasoning , we find that Amendment No. 2 must be considered together with the APA as a unified document .
Under California law , " [ s ] everal contracts relating to the same matters , between the same parties , and made as parts of substantially one transaction , are to be taken together . "
Cal. Civ. Code § 1642 . " [ M]ultiple writings must be considered together when part of the same contract . "
Nish Noroian Farms v. Agric. Labor Relations Bd. , 35 Cal. 3d 726 , 735 ( Cal. 1984 ) .
Even if we considered the language of the APA and Amendment No. 2 to - 16 - be mutually antagonistic , California law still dictates that we construe them together , following Amendment No. 2 wherever its language contradicts the APA .
Where " two contracts are made at different times , [ but where ] the later is not intended to entirely supersede the first , but only modif[y ] it in certain particulars [ , ] [t ] he two are to be construed as parts of one contract , the later superseding the earlier one wherever it is inconsistent therewith . "
Hawes v. Lux , 294 P. 1080 , 1081 ( Cal. Dist. Ct. App. 1931 ) ; accord San Diego Const . Co. v. Mannix , 166 P. 325 , 326 ( Cal. 1917 ) .
In so doing , we note that SCO paid no additional consideration for Novell 's agreement to Amendment No. 2 .
That makes sense if Amendment No. 2 was a clarification of the agreement , to bring the language of the APA into line with the parties ' intent .
If Amendment No. 2 were a change in the agreement ( and a commercially significant one , at that ) , it is hard to see why Novell would have agreed to it without compensation .
Therefore , we construe the contract and Amendment No. 2 together for the purpose of assessing any ambiguities in the contract .
This means that extrinsic evidence regarding the parties ' intent is relevant to our interpretation of the combined instrument .
B. Does the Amended APA Satisfy the Requirements of the Copyright Act ?
We next consider whether the amended APA constituted a writing sufficient to transfer copyrights under federal law .
Under the Copyright Act , " [ a ] - 17 - transfer of copyright ownership , other than by operation of law , is not valid unless an instrument of conveyance , or a note or memorandum of the transfer , is in writing and signed by the owner of the rights conveyed or such owner 's duly authorized agent . "
17 U.S.C. § 204 ( a ) .
Section 204 is intended " to protect copyright holders from persons mistakenly or fraudulently claiming oral licenses [ or transfers ] . "
Eden Toys , Inc. v. Florelee Undergarment Co. , Inc. , 697 F.2d 27 , 36 ( 2d Cir. 1982 ) .
As a result , Section 204 " enhances predictability and certainty of ownership -- ' Congress 's paramount goal ' when it revised the [ Copyright ]
Act in 1976 . "
Konigsberg Intern . Inc. v. Rice , 16 F.3d 355 , 357 ( 9th Cir. 1994 ) ( quoting Community for Creative Non-Violence v. Reid , 490 U.S. 730 , 749 ( 1989 ) ) .
Novell argues that the Copyright Act imposes not only the requirement that a copyright transfer be in writing , but also that it state with sufficient clarity the copyrights to be transferred .
See Aple. Br. 2526 ; 34 .
Novell contends that Amendment No. 2 fails this test because its language is ambiguous .
Since it is not clearly apparent which copyrights are " required for Novell to exercise its rights with respect to the acquisition of UNIX and UnixWare technologies , " Novell asserts that Amendment No. 2 was not a valid " instrument of conveyance . "
As an initial matter , we note that the language of 17 U.S.C. § 204 ( a ) does not readily lend itself to the construction Novell seeks to give it .
Section 204 ( a ) , by its terms , imposes only the requirement that a copyright transfer be in writing and signed by the parties from whom the copyright is transferred ; it does not on - 18 - its face impose any heightened burden of clarity or particularity .
Likewise , Novell points to nothing in the legislative history of Section 204 which suggests that Congress envisioned it to invalidate copyright transfer agreements carrying material language subject to multiple reasonable interpretations .
Nonetheless , some courts have understood Section 204 ( a ) to impose requirements similar to that necessary to satisfy the statute of frauds .
They have found that a writing is insufficient to transfer copyrights unless ( 1 ) it reasonably identifies the subject matter of the agreement , ( 2 ) is sufficient to indicate that the parties have come to an agreement , and ( 3 ) states with reasonable certainty the essential terms of the agreement .
Pamfiloff v. Giant Records , Inc. , 794 F. Supp 933 , 936 ( N.D. Cal. 1992 ) ( citing Restatement ( 2d ) of Contracts § 131 ( 1981 ) ) .
Novell argues that Section 204's writing requirement would disserve the goals of " predictability and certainty of copyright ownership " if parties could fulfill it without making clear what copyrights they intend to transfer .
But it is hardly clear that imposing strict requirements of clarity in order to effect a copyright transfer will always aid " predictability and certainty of copyright ownership . "
" [ A ] mbiguities in copyright grants are anything but rare in the jurisprudence . "
3 Melville B. Nimmer and David Nimmer , Nimmer on Copyright § 10.08 ( 2009 ) .
" The written memorialization of [ an ] agreement [ transferring copyrights ] inevitably fails to mandate only one pellucid interpretation . "
Id .
If every copyright transaction were vulnerable to challenge whenever a party is able - 19 - to point out some ambiguity within the governing agreement , parties might be forced to engage in costly , protracted litigation to determine whether the transfer is valid , putting into doubt the proper holder of the copyright .
In the absence of any support from the language or legislative history , we are unwilling to read into Section 204 such an onerous restraint on the alienability of copyrights .
As the Second Circuit has commented , " [t ] he need for interpretation of a contract does not necessarily mean that there is a bona fide issue as to whether the contract is a writing for purposes of section 204 ( a ) .
In most cases , there will be no doubt that the contract is a section 204 ( a ) writing , and the only substantial issue will be contract interpretation . "
Jasper v. Bovina Music , 314 F.3d 42 , 47 ( 2d Cir. 2002 ) .
In copyright as elsewhere , " [t ] he making of a contract depends not on the agreement of two minds in one intention , but on the agreement of two sets of external signs -- not on the parties having meant the same thing but on their having said the same thing . "
Nimmer on Copyright , § 10.08 ( quoting Tingley Sys. v. Healthlink , Inc. , 509 F. Supp.2d 1209 , 1216 ( M.D. Fla. 2007 ) ) .
Where ambiguity persists in the language of a parties ' shared agreement concerning a copyright transfer , the transfer is not invalidated ; instead , we look to parol evidence to construe the terms of the agreement .
See Nimmer on Copyright , § 10.08 .
We think that Section 204's writing requirement is best understood as a means of ensuring that parties intend to transfer copyrights themselves , as - 20 - opposed to other categories of rights .
See , e.g. , Papa's - June Music , Inc. v. McLean , 921 F. Supp. 1154 , 115859 ( S.D.N.Y. 1996 ) ( although a writing need not explicitly mention " copyright " or " exclusive rights " to satisfy 204 ( a ) , the better practice is that it should ) .
But when it is clear that the parties contemplated that copyrights transfer , we do not think that a linguistic ambiguity concerning which particular copyrights transferred creates an insuperable barrier invalidating the transaction .
Thus , the majority of cases that Novell draws our attention to , in which alleged copyright transfers are found not to satisfy Section 204 , involve transactions where it is not clear whether the parties intended that copyrights would transfer at all - - not disputes over which specific copyrights were within the scope of an intended transfer .
See , e.g. , Radio Television Espanola S.A. v. New World Entertainment , Ltd. , 183 F.3d 922 , 92728 ( 9th Cir. 1995 ) ( finding faxes referring to ongoing negotiations insufficient to confirm a finalized deal to transfer copyrights ) ; Playboy Enterprises , Inc. v. Dumas , 53 F.3d 549 , 564 ( 2d Cir. 1995 ) ( finding check legend allegedly purporting to recognize past " assignment . . . of all rights , title and interest " insufficient to transfer copyrights ) ; Konigsberg Intern .
Inc. , 16 F.3d at 357 ( letter written three and a half years after oral agreement did not constitute a writing sufficient to confirm parties ' intent to transfer copyrights in earlier agreement ) .
Notwithstanding the above , the district court found Amendment No. 2 insufficient to convey Novell 's copyrights under Section 204 for several - 21 - additional reasons .
It first determined that Amendment No. 2 " [ did ] not include any provision that purports to transfer ownership of copyrights . " because it did not profess to " amend Schedule 1.1 ( a ) , " the Asset Schedule , and because " [ u ] nlike the APA , Amendment No. 2 was not accompanied by a separate ' Bill of Sale ' transferring any assets . "
Dist . Ct. Op. 59 .
We are not persuaded that either prevents our recognition of a copyright transfer .
Although Amendment No. 2 did not purport to amend Schedule 1.1 ( a ) , this does not mean that the balance of assets transferred to Santa Cruz remained unchanged .
The transaction was structured such that Santa Cruz would acquire " all of Seller 's right , title and interest in and to the assets . . . identified on Schedule 1.1 ( a ) , " but that " the Assets to be so purchased not include those assets ( the ' Excluded Assets ' ) set forth on Schedule 1.1 ( b ) . "
App'x 26465 .
Schedule 1.1 ( a ) , in turn , provided that Santa Cruz would receive " [ a ]ll rights and ownership of UNIX and UnixWare .
. . including all source code , " a broad set of assets limited only by Schedule 1.1 ( b ) .
As a result , any change to the set of Excluded Assets in Schedule 1.1 ( b ) necessarily implicated those copyrights actually transferred under Schedule 1.1 ( a ) .
Of course , it is not always the case that the absence of certain or all copyrights from an " excluded asset " schedule will suffice to indicate the inclusion of copyrights in the transaction .
But a written asset transfer agreement may satisfy Section 204 ( a ) even when it " does not mention the word ' copyright ' " - 22 - itself .
Schiller & Schmidt , Inc. v. Nordisco Corp. , 969 F.2d 410 , 413 ( 7th Cir. 1992 ) .
And when a party acquires " [ a ]ll rights and ownership " in a set of items , as was the case here , courts have generally found such language sufficient to satisfy Section 204 ( a ) in the absence of language excepting copyrights or other special circumstances .
See ITOFCA , Inc. v. MegaTrans Logistics , Inc. , 322 F.3d 928 , 931 ( 7th Cir. 2003 ) ( written intent to transfer " all assets " can indicate intent to transfer copyrights ) ; Chugrue v. Continental Airlines , Inc. , 977 F. Supp. 280 , 28485 ( S.D.N.Y. 1997 ) ( written agreement to transfer " all right , title and interest " in software indicated intent to transfer copyrights ) ; Relational Design & Technology , Inc. v. Brock , No. 91-2452-EEO , 1993 WL 191323 at * 6 ( D. Kan. May 25 , 1993 ) ( transfer of " all rights " in software program included copyright ) .
But see Playboy Enters .
v. Dumas , 53 F.3d 549 , 564 ( 2d Cir. 1995 ) ( check legend indicating that payment was for past transfer of " all right , title and interest " was insufficient , by itself , to indicate a copyright transfer under Section 204 ) .
Of course , under the language of the original agreement , copyrights were expressly excluded from the assets transferred .
But here , where a written agreement to the contract excised certain copyrights from that exclusion , we think the Copyright Act 's writing requirement is satisfied .
We also do not see why the absence of a Bill of Sale is fatal to an alleged transfer under the Copyright Act.
Section 204 makes clear that the writing requirement can be satisfied not only by " an instrument of conveyance " but also - 23 - by " a note or memorandum of the transfer . "
17 U.S.C. § 204 ( a ) .
Amendment No. 2 was a writing signed by both parties evincing a clear intent to revise or clarify the formal schedule of copyrights transferred by Novell to Santa Cruz .
The Copyright Act did not require more .
For similar reasons , we reject the significance that the district court attributed to the fact that Amendment No. 2 revised the APA " [ a ] s of the 16th day of October , 1996 " as opposed to the date of the Bill of Sale .
App'x 374 .
The Copyright Act does not require its writing requirement be fulfilled concurrently with the production of a Bill of Sale . 2 Cf. Eden Toys , Inc. , 697 F.2d at 36 ( " the ' note or memorandum of the transfer ' need not be made at the time when the license is initiated ; the requirement is satisfied by the copyright owner 's later execution of a writing which confirms the agreement " ) .
We therefore conclude that the APA , as revised by Amendment No. 2 , satisfied the Copyright Act 's writing requirement .
- 24 - C. Is Summary Judgment Appropriate on the Ownership of the Copyrights ?
We come finally to the question of whether the district court was correct to enter summary judgment on the issue of whether Novell or SCO owns the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights under the APA as revised by Amendment No. 2 .
In contract actions , the interpretation of a written agreement is a question of fact .
See Gomez v. American Elec. Power Service Corp. , 726 F.2d 649 , 651 ( 10th Cir. 1984 ) .
When a contract is ambiguous , and parties present conflicting evidence regarding their intent at the time of the agreement , a genuine issue of material fact exists which cannot be determined summarily by the court .
Id .
Of course , the party opposing summary judgment " must do more than simply show that there is some metaphysical doubt as to the material facts . "
Matsushita Elec. Industrial Co. v. Zenith Radio Corp. , 475 U.S. 574 , 58687 ( 1986 ) .
But so long as sufficient evidence could lead a rational trier of fact to resolve the dispute in favor of either party , granting either party 's dueling motions for summary judgment would be inappropriate .
See Anderson v. Liberty Lobby , 477 U.S. 242 , 248 ( 1986 ) .
This case , involving a complicated , multi-million dollar business transaction involving ambiguous language about which the parties offer dramatically different explanations , is particularly ill - suited to summary judgment .
We recognize that Novell has powerful arguments to support its version of the transaction , and that , as the district court suggested , there may be - 25 - reasons to discount the credibility , relevance , or persuasiveness of the extrinsic evidence that SCO presents .
Moreover , we appreciate the difficulties that follow when the resolution of ambiguous language in a ten - year - old contract is left to trial .
At trial in a case like this , the intention of the parties often " must be divined from self - serving testimony offered by partisan witnesses whose recollection is hazy from passage of time and colored by their conflicting interests . "
Trident Center v. Connecticut General Life Ins. Co. , 847 F.2d 564 , 569 ( 9th Cir. 1988 ) .
Even though the parties may have shared a common understanding of a transaction at the time of the deal , now that " circumstances have changed and new financial incentives have arisen , one side may wish it had a different agreement . "
Nimmer on Copyright , § 10.08 .
Nevertheless , when conflicting evidence is presented such that the ambiguities in a contract could legitimately be resolved in favor of either party , it is for the ultimate finder of fact -- not the court on summary judgment -- to interpret the contract .
As we now explain , Novell 's arguments do not convince us that the admissible evidence concerning the ambiguous contract language concerning contract ownership is so one - sided as to warrant summary judgment .
Novell contends that SCO has failed to establish a disputed issue of material fact as to copyright ownership for several reasons .
It first claims that SCO has failed to present any evidence to support that the APA , as revised by Amendment No. 2 , clarified the agreement to indicate that SCO received - 26 - ownership of some or all UNIX and UnixWare copyrights as a result of the transaction .
In the alternative , it argues that SCO has failed to present any evidence to suggest that ownership of UNIX and UnixWare copyrights was " required " for Santa Cruz to exercise its rights under the APA .
In support of its initial argument , Novell argues that it has introduced undisputed evidence that ( 1 ) Santa Cruz admitted that the initial APA excluded copyrights from the asset sale and that ( 2 ) Novell expressly rejected Santa Cruz 's proposal to use Amendment No. 2 to transfer copyrights to Santa Cruz .
See Aple. Br. 3942 .
As to the first point , Santa Cruz 's admission that the initial APA excluded copyrights is not inconsistent with SCO 's position that this exclusion was a mistake and failed to reflect the parties ' intent .
Novell itself admits that the negotiations that led to the language of Amendment No. 2 concerning copyrights began when Santa Cruz 's attorney contacted Novell , informing them that " the Original APA explicitly excluded copyrights to UNIX and UnixWare as assets being sold by Novell to Santa Cruz and that it should n't have . "
App'x 6063 .
As to the second point , Novell directs us to various pieces of evidence supporting its claim that Amendment No. 2 was not intended to affirm that ownership of copyrights had transferred to Santa Cruz , but only " to affirm that Santa Cruz had a license under the Original APA to use Novell 's UNIX and UnixWare copyrighted works in its business . "
App'x 6064 .
Novell primarily - 27 - relies on evidence of the negotiations over Amendment No. 2 . Santa Cruz initially proposed a draft of Amendment No. 2 that would have revised the Intellectual Property section of the Excluded Assets Schedule to read : >
All copyrights and trademarks , except for the copyrights and trademarks owned by Novell as of the date of this Amendment No. 2 , which pertain to the UNIX and UnixWare technologies and which SCO has acquired hereunder .
However , in no event shall Novell be liable to SCO for any claim brought by any third party pertaining to said copyrights and trademarks .
App'x 6670 .
Novell rejected this language , and the final language of Amendment No. 2 instead reformed the Excluded Assets Schedule to read :
All copyrights and trademarks , except for the copyrights owned by Novell as of the date of the Agreement required for SCO to exercise its rights with respect to the acquisition of UNIX and UnixWare technologies .
However , in no event shall Novell be liable to SCO for any claim brought by any third party pertaining to said copyrights and trademarks .
App'x 374 .
The revised language contains two relevant changes .
Instead of excepting from the Excluded Assets Schedule " the copyrights . . . which pertain to UNIX and UnixWare technologies " the final language refers to " the copyrights . . . required for SCO to exercise its rights with respect to the acquisition of UNIX and UnixWare technologies . "
In addition , instead of referring to " the copyrights . . . owned by Novell as of the date of this Amendment No. 2 . . . and which SCO has acquired hereunder , " the final language refers to " the copyrights . . . owned by Novell as of the date of the Agreement . "
- 28 - Novell contends that because it did not accept Santa Cruz 's initial proposal , there is no basis for construing Amendment No. 2 as SCO would -- an affirmation of the transfer of all UNIX and UnixWare copyrights .
See Apple Computer v. Microsoft Corp. , 35 F.3d 1435 , 144041 ( no basis for construing agreement in line with draft proposal rejected by one of the parties ) .
It insists that the language reflects its explanation of Amendment No. 2 as a mere affirmation of Santa Cruz 's implied license to use the copyrights .
SCO , in contrast , claims that the final language of Amendment No. 2 only represented " a different way " of saying what its initial draft proposed - - a clarification that the parties ' had intended for ownership of the UNIX copyrights to transfer .
Aplt. Br. 4445 .
As an initial matter , we are skeptical of Novell 's interpretation of the Amendment .
Whatever the Amendment means , it refers to the ownership of copyrights , not to licenses .
A rational trier of fact could surely find that Amendment No. 2 clarified the APA so as to indicate that at least some copyrights transferred to SCO .
It is true that the final language of Amendment No. 2 , by referring to " required copyrights " rather than " copyrights that pertain to " UNIX , is narrower than that initially proposed by Santa Cruz .
But is it plausible to think that Santa Cruz would have found the final language equally sufficient for its purposes , given its insistence that all the UNIX copyrights were required for it to exercise its rights under the deal .
See , e.g. , Testimony of Steve Sabbath , Santa Cruz Attorney , App'x 10722 ( " all of the [ UNIX and UnixWare ] - 29 - copyrights " were " required " for SCO to exercise its rights with respect to the acquisition of UNIX and UnixWare technologies . )
Alternatively , the final language of Amendment No. 2 may have represented a compromise whereby Novell agreed to confirm that Santa Cruz obtained ownership only of those copyrights " necessary " for Santa Cruz to run its business .
Our conclusion that a rational trier of fact could find that Amendment No. 2 clarified the APA to affirm that the parties intended to transfer certain UNIX and UnixWare copyrights to Novell is bolstered by SCO 's extrinsic evidence of the transaction .
SCO presents testimony from a variety of witnesses involved in the business negotiations on both sides of the deal , which generally supports its version of the transaction .
See , e.g. , Aplt. Br. 1315 .
It is true , as Novell points out , that many of these witnesses were involved in the business negotiations , as opposed to the actual drafting of the contract .
But because we cannot exclude the possibility that Amendment No. 2 was designed to restore the language of the transaction to the parties ' actual intent during the business negotiations over the deal , such testimony is not irrelevant .
Cf. California Pac. Title Co. , Sacramento Division v. Moore , 40 Cal. Rptr. 2d 61 , 63 ( Cal. Dist . Ct. App. 1964 ) ( " A conflict in the evidence does not preclude a court from finding that the two parties had a common intent which was incorrectly reduced to writing . " ) .
Moreover , SCO 's extrinsic evidence extends not only to the business negotiations preceding the contract , but also to the parties ' understanding of the contractual language itself .
- 30 - For instance , Novell points out that the Board resolution approving the transaction on its side of the deal stated that " Novell will retain all of its patents , copyrights and trademarks . "
App'x 5192 .
But SCO notes that Mr. Frankenberg , then Novell 's CEO , testified that he understood the Board resolution 's reference to Novell 's retention of copyrights to refer to Netware copyrights , as opposed to the core UNIX intellectual property .
Aplt. R. Br. 14 .
Finally , SCO presents evidence of the parties ' course of performance following the transaction .
Under California law , " course of performance " evidence may be used to interpret an ambiguous contractual provision .
Cal. Code Civ. Proc. § 1856 .
See also Universal Sales Corp. v. Cal. Press Mfg. Co. , 128 P.2d 665 , 762 ( Cal. 1942 ) ( " [ P]ractical construction placed by the parties upon the instrument is the best evidence of their intention " ) .
SCO points to a variety of steps taken by the parties following the signing of the APA and Amendment No. 2 that it claims supports its interpretation of the contract .
These include Novell 's modification of copyright notices on certain UnixWare source code , see App'x 1030313 , certain statements related to the transfer of intellectual property within transition documents following the deal , see , e.g. , App'x 13362 , and the publication of a press release in 1995 stating that " SCO will acquire Novell 's UnixWare business and UNIX intellectual property .
" 3 App'x 5626 .
Of course , - 31 - such documents are not dispositive of the companies ' intent at the time of the transaction .
But they illustrate the difficulties with granting summary judgment here .
Novell finally argues that SCO has failed to show what UNIX copyrights are " required " for Santa Cruz to exercise its rights under the APA .
The parties each argue for plausible , but diametrically opposed , interpretations of the word " required . "
SCO argues that the bulk of the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights are " required " in order for it to exercise its rights .
For instance , the APA transferred to Santa Cruz " all of [ Novell 's ] claims arising after the Closing Date against any parties relating to any right , property or asset included in the Business . "
App'x 313 .
SCO argues that it could not defend any of its intellectual property against software piracy or other business harm without ownership of the copyrights .
Indeed , a key reason why this litigation is so important to SCO is that it has claimed that other companies , including IBM , are infringing on the proprietary technology that it supposedly received through its transaction with Novell .
Novell , in contrast , asserts that the class of " required " copyrights constitutes a null set .
See Aple. Br. 40 , 41 n.8 ( arguing that Amendment No. 2 was not intended to transfer any copyright ownership , but merely to affirm its - 32 - license to use certain copyrights ) .
The district court agreed , noting amongst other things that " Santa Cruz had been able to pursue its UNIX business from December 6 , 1995 until October 16 , 1996 [ the date of Amendment No. 2 ] without any problems due to its [ alleged ] lack of ownership of the copyrights . "
Dist . Ct. Op. 61 .
But the fact that SCO did not need to assert ownership of the UNIX copyrights publicly following the closing of the transaction does not indicate that the UNIX copyrights are unnecessary to SCO 's full exercise of its rights under the agreement .
Indeed , it would seem that neither party asserted public ownership of the copyrights until the events leading to the instant litigation , almost a decade after the closing of the transaction .
See , e.g. , Aple .
Br. 32 ( noting that Novell and SCO did not file their competing copyright registrations until after this dispute arose in 2003 ) .
We need not determine at the summary judgment stage which copyrights were " required . "
If the evidence presented on a dispositive issue is subject to conflicting , reasonable interpretations , summary judgment is improper .
Archuleta v. Wal - Mart Stores , Inc. , 543 F.3d 1226 , 1234 ( 10th Cir. 2008 ) .
Although the district court found that " there is . . . significant evidence that Santa Cruz did not ' require ' the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights , " we think SCO has presented sufficient evidence to create a triable fact as to whether at least some UNIX copyrights were required for it to exercise its rights under the agreement .
Although the district court acknowledged that " SCO has submitted testimony - 33 - from witnesses stating generally that the copyrights were necessary to running a software business , " it found that " none of those witnesses give specific examples of how a lack of copyright ownership impeded Santa Cruz 's ability to exercise its rights under the APA . "
Dist . Ct. Op. 61 .
But the documents detailing the actions of the transition team at least create ambiguity over whether the transfer of copyrights was required to support SCO 's rights under the APA .
See , e.g. , App'x 13362 ( " All of the technology and intellectual assets covered by the work outlined in this document will be transitioned to SCO after December 1 , 1995 " ) .
And we think it a commonsense proposition that intellectual property at least may be required to protect the underlying assets in SCO software business should , for instance , a UNIX licensee have attempted to resell technology licensed from SCO .
4
Because we conclude summary judgment is inappropriate on the question of which party owns the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights , we must likewise reverse the district court 's determination that " Novell is entitled to summary judgment [ on SCO 's claim ] seeking an order directing Novell to specifically perform its - 34 - alleged obligations under the APA by executing all documents needed to transfer ownership of the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights to SCO . "
Dist . Ct. Op. 62 .
We take no position on which party ultimately owns the UNIX copyrights or which copyrights were " required " for Santa Cruz to exercise its rights under the agreement .
Such matters are for the finder of fact on remand .
III .
Novell 's Waiver Rights under Section 4.16 ( b ) of the APA
The other chief dispute between the parties concerns the extent of Novell 's rights under the APA to waive or modify rights under SVRX Licenses .
Section 4.16 ( a ) of the APA provides that " Following the Closing , Buyer shall administer the collection of all royalties , fees and other amounts due under all SVRX Licenses ( as listed in detail under item VI of Schedule 1.1 ( a ) hereof an referred to herein as " SVRX Royalties " ) . "
Section 4.16 ( b ) preserved to Novell certain waiver rights with regard to SVRX Licenses .
It states that : Buyer shall not , and shall not have the authority to , amend , modify or waive any right under or assign any SVRX License without the prior written consent of Seller .
In addition , at Seller 's sole discretion and direction , Buyer shall amend , supplement , modify or waive any rights under , or shall assign any rights to , any SVRX License to the extent so directed in any manner or respect by Seller .
App'x 287 .
In 2003 , after SCO had claimed that IBM and Sequent had violated certain software and sublicensing agreements , Novell directed SCO " to waive any purported right SCO may claim to terminate IBM's SVRX Licenses .
. . . "
Aple. - 35 - Br. 19 .
The scope of Novell 's waiver rights turns on the meaning of the term " SVRX License . "
The APA provides some assistance in interpreting the meaning of an " SVRX License . " Section 4.16 ( a ) of the APA indicates that SVRX Licenses are " listed in detail under item VI of Schedule 1.1 ( a ) hereof . "
Item VI of Schedule 1.1 ( a ) states that among the assets transferred to SCO under the APA are " [ a ]ll contracts relating to the SVRX Licenses listed below . "
As the district court recognized , however , the list provided in Item VI is not " a list of license agreements , " but instead " a list of SVRX software releases , " or products .
Dist . Ct. Op. 77 .
The parties principally contest whether Novell 's waiver rights extend to all three types of agreements bearing upon the licensing of SVRX technology -- software agreements , sublicensing agreements , and product supplement agreements ( or Product Schedule Licenses ) -- or just to product supplement agreements .
Aple . Br. 17 ; Aplt. Br. 19 .
Software agreements specify a licensee 's rights to modify and prepare derivative works based on source code and binary code .
See Dist . Ct. Op. 82 ; Aple. Br. 16 .
Sublicensing agreements set out the general conditions governing the licensee 's use of the product and grant certain rights to distribute binary code .
See Dist . Ct. Op. 82 ; Aplt. Br. 18 .
According to SCO , both of these agreements required licensees to keep UNIX source code and derivatives confidential .
See Aplt. Br. 18 .
Product supplement - 36 - agreements , in contrast , actually identify the product the licensee has a right to use , the CPUs on which it has that right , and the fees that the licensor has a right to receive in exchange .
These agreements authorize licensees to sell a UNIX - derivative product in exchange for remitting certain royalties to the current owner of the UNIX business .
As SCO points out , each licensee executed a single umbrella Software and Sublicensing agreement with AT&T ( or later Novell ) , which purported to govern any product added to the relationship by a product supplement agreement .
When a licensee secured a license to use a SVRX product , it would execute a product supplement agreement , and the software product would " become subject to " the previously executed umbrella agreements .
See , e.g. , App'x 1471 .
Novell contends that the APA 's reference to any SVRX license " plainly means that the term ' SVRX Licenses ' under the APA includes all contracts relating to the UNIX System V Releases listed in Item VI . "
Dist. Ct. Op. 77 ( emphasis added ) .
SCO argues that the term SVRX Licenses is ambiguous on its face , but suggests that it refers only to product supplement agreements related to the products listed in Item VI .
The district court agreed with SCO that there was " some ambiguity in the APA 's attempt to define SVRX licenses , " but found that Novell 's interpretation of the term -- as referring to all System V Release licenses -- was " the only reading that is consistent with all of the APA 's provisions , its Schedules , and its Amendments . "
Dist . Ct. Op. 88 .
It also noted - 37 - that " [ e ] ven if this court were to consider SCO 's extrinsic evidence , it does not uniformly support SCO 's interpretation as SCO claims .
If the contract language was susceptible to SCO 's interpretation , SCO 's evidence would , at most , create only a question of fact for the jury . "
Id. at 86 n.6 .
Of course , if SCO 's evidence is sufficient to " create a question of fact for the jury , " this is sufficient to enable SCO to survive summary judgment .
But the district court found summary judgment appropriate , concluding that despite ambiguity in the meaning of " SVRX Licenses , " " there is no support in the language and structure of the APA for SCO 's interpretation of SVRX License to mean product supplements rather than the entire set of agreements relating to the licensing of SVRX code . "
Dist . Ct. Op. 86 .
We review the conclusions of the district court de novo .
A . Is the Scope of Novell 's Waiver Rights Ambiguous ?
As an initial matter , we agree with the district court that there is some ambiguity in the scope of the term " SVRX License . "
While the APA expressly indicates that SVRX Licenses are listed in Item VI of 1.1 ( a ) , that list refers only to products .
While this product list may resolve ambiguity over the meaning of SVRX , it does not reveal what is intended by " rights under any . . . SVRX License " in Section 4.16 of the APA .
Novell argues that " license " is " an ordinary word that needs no definition . "
Aple. Br. 52 .
But we are skeptical that this resolves its meaning for several reasons .
- 38 - First , under California law , " [t ] he words of a contract are to be understood in their ordinary and popular sense . . . unless used by the parties in a technical sense . "
Cal. Civ. Code § 1644 ( emphasis added ) .
As SCO points out , the APA expressly made " SVRX License " a defined term , albeit one defined with some lack of clarity .
Second , it is not clear to us that even the " ordinary meaning " of rights under a license is so broad as to encompass the kind of rights Novell seeks to assert .
Black 's Law Dictionary ( 8th ed. 2004 ) , for instance , defines license as " [ a ] permission , usually revocable , to commit some act that would otherwise be unlawful " or the " document evidencing such permission . "
In line with this definition , the sublicensing and software agreements grant certain rights to licensees , for instance , enabling them to use , modify , and prepare derivative works based on a given software product .
But as we understand Novell 's argument , it does not seek to waive rights given to the licensee in the licensing agreement -- but rather the licensor 's ( SCO 's ) ability to enforce the boundaries of those rights extended to licensees .
This would be a broad power indeed .
For instance , the sublicensing agreements expressly provided that " no title to the intellectual property in the sublicensed product is transferred to [ the licensee ] . "
See App'x 1493 ( Section II ( a ) ( II ) : Grant of Rights ) .
If we read Novell 's waiver rights as broadly as it asks us to , however , Novell could waive this limitation at its sole discretion , thereby divesting SCO of all title to any intellectual property in any UNIX product for which a sublicensing agreement existed .
Similarly , - 39 - Novell 's interpretation of Section 4.16 would mean it was free to waive limitations on a licensee 's ability to copy , transfer , or sell the derivative products it created based on UNIX , see App'x 1472 , something that would substantially limit the value to Santa Cruz of its UNIX ownership rights .
Given that the APA expressly provides Novell the power to direct SCO to " amend , supplement , modify , or waive any rights under any SVRX License , " we cannot say that Novell 's interpretation of Section 4.16 is foreclosed by the dictionary .
But the California Supreme Court has made clear that the " dictionary definition [ ] of a word " does not necessarily yield " the ' ordinary and popular ' sense of the word if it disregards the [ contract 's ] context . "
MacKinnon v. Truck Ins. Exchange , 73 P.3d 1205 , 1214 ( Cal. 2003 ) .
To read Novell 's rights as broadly as it asks would give it unlimited power not only to reduce or increase its own rights under an SVRX License after the APA ( namely rights to royalties ) , but also to direct SCO to supplement a licensee 's substantive rights " in any manner , " even if by doing so , Novell forced SCO to divest rights unquestionably owned by SCO after the transaction .
5
As SCO argues , this would enable Novell , at its sole discretion , to destroy a substantial part of the value of Santa Cruz 's acquisition of the UNIX business .
Although Novell argues that " the APA provided - 40 - consideration to Santa Cruz independent of UNIX System V , including . . . the right to develop new products based on UNIXWare . . .[ , ] customer lists . . .[ , and ] office furniture , " this misses the mark .
The issue is not whether independent consideration existed , but whether it is consistent with the context of the deal to imagine that Santa Cruz would have paid the price that it did if this was the only value it obtained in the deal , unencumbered from Novell 's powerful discretionary rights to control the underlying UNIX source code .
Finally , even if we considered " rights under . . . any SVRX License " to be unambiguous on its face , California law would still permit the introduction of extrinsic evidence to expose a latent ambiguity in the contract 's language .
Dore , 139 P.3d at 60 .
Similarly , California directs us to consider the parties ' course of performance not only for purposes of " ascertaining the meaning of the parties ' agreement , " but also to " supplement or qualify the terms of the agreement . "
Employers Reinsurance Co. v. Superior Court , 161 Cal. Rptr. 3d 733 , 745 ( Cal. Ct. App. 2008 ) ( citing Cal. Com. Code § 1303 ) .
As we now explain , this evidence at least creates ambiguity regarding the scope of Novell 's waiver rights under the agreement .
B . Is the Scope of Novell 's Waiver Rights Susceptible to SCO 's Reading ?
Although the parties present a variety of arguments concerning the extrinsic evidence bearing on the parties ' intent at the time of the APA and the parties ' course of performance , we think a discussion of the events leading to - 41 - " Amendment No. X " between IBM , SCO , and Santa Cruz is sufficient to illustrate both that the scope of Novell 's waiver rights is ambiguous and that Section 4.16 is at least susceptible to SCO 's interpretation .
In April 1996 , several months after the transaction closed , Novell entered into direct negotiations with IBM for the purpose of revising IBM 's rights under its licensing agreement for SVRX technology .
Although Novell acknowledged that all rights under the software and sublicensing agreements had been transferred to SCO under the APA , it professed the right to amend IBM 's rights under its licensing agreement , stating : Except for all right , title and interest to the Software Product royalties ( less an administration fee to SCO for administering the collection of such royalties ) , SCO purchased the Related Agreements [ the relevant software , sublicensing , and product supplement agreements ] in an Asset Purchase Agreement between Novell and SCO dated September 19 , 1995 ( the " SCO Agreement " ) .
In the SCO Agreement , Novell has the right to amend the Related Agreements on behalf of SCO under certain circumstances applicable in this instance .
App'x 10400 .
The agreement enabled IBM to " buy out " its ongoing royalty obligations in exchange for a one time fee .
In addition , Novell purported to expand IBM 's freedom to share licensed technology with third parties .
See App'x 10401 ( describing " relief " of certain limitations on IBM's rights under the Related Agreements ) .
As Novell prepared to enter into its agreement with IBM , it wrote SCO , requesting that it " revise the terms and conditions of IBM's Software License and Sublicense Agreements with Novell . "
App'x 3876 .
Thus , Novell 's - 42 - asserted ability under the APA to require SCO to amend or waive rights under the Software and Sublicensing Agreements , even when it would expand a licensee 's rights with regard to SVRX source code -- the precise issue in controversy today - - was implicated by Novell 's 1996 negotiations with IBM and SCO .
Novell denied that its proposed agreement with IBM would have authorized IBM to " sub - license source code , " and suggested that it granted only limited additional rights to IBM , such as " allowing IBM 's major accounts to make temporary fixes from AIX source code . "
App'x 3887 .
SCO , however , interpreted the agreement as impinging on its asserted " ownership and exclusive rights to license the UNIX source . "
App'x 3890 .
Ultimately , the parties agreed to revise Novell 's proposed agreement with IBM , and SCO became a party to the agreement .
Among other things , the final agreement excised the language that " Novell has the right to amend the Related Agreements on behalf of SCO under certain circumstances applicable in this instance , " replacing it with the more general language , " SCO purchased , and Novell retained , certain rights with respect to the Related Agreements .
" 6 SCO also received a payment of $ 1.5 million from Novell in exchange for a release of claims relating to the buy out of - 43 - IBM 's royalty obligations .
SCO contends that this payment definitively signaled Novell 's " capitulat[ion ] to Santa Cruz 's claims " of ownership and exclusive licensing rights concerning UNIX source code .
We agree with Novell that this reading goes too far .
Parties may choose to settle claims for a variety of reasons unrelated to their merits , not the least to avoid expensive litigation or to maintain civility in an important commercial relationship .
Indeed , the agreement expressly provided that the settlement should not " be deemed . . . an admission of the truth or falsity of any claims heretofore made . "
App'x 3917 ; see also Fed. R. Evid .
408( a ) (1 ) ( Evidence of furnishing or accepting a valuable consideration in compromising a claim is not admissible on behalf of any party , when offered to prove validity of a disputed claim . ) .
More relevant , however , is the amendment to the APA that followed after resolution of the tripartite negotiations .
In addition to addressing the intellectual property exchanged through the APA , Amendment No. 2 also set out conditions for any future buy - out of a licensee 's royalty obligations .
It provided that : [ N ] otwithstanding the provisions of Article 4.16 . . . any potential transaction with an SVRX licensee which concerns a buy - out of any such licensee 's royalty obligations shall be managed as follows : . . .
This Amendment does not give Novell the right to increase any SVRX licensee 's rights to SVRX code , nor does it give Novell the right to grant new SVRX source code licenses .
In addition , Novell may not prevent SCO from exercising its rights with respect to SVRX source code in accordance with the agreement .
App'x 374 , ¶ B.5 [ emphasis added ) .
- 44 - The district court concluded that Amendment No. 2 " provides no insight into the source code rights SCO had or did not have under Section 4.16 ( b ) of the original APA , " because the heading for this section of the Amendment makes clear that it refers only to situations involving buyouts of royalty obligations .
But at least some of SCO 's extrinsic evidence supports its assertion that this provision was meant to affirm that Novell 's rights under the APA precluded Novell from unilaterally expanding a third party 's rights to source code .
See , e.g. , App'x 10725 , 10730 .
This would also explain why Amendment No. 2 took pains to clarify that the " Amendment does not give Novell the right to increase any SVRX licensee 's rights to SVRX code . "
If Novell already had the right under the APA itself to force SCO to increase any SVRX licensee 's rights to SVRX code , then this provision would be pointless and ineffectual .
Of course , it is plausible to think that this provision merely preserved an ambiguous status quo-- but that is consistent with our conclusion that neither party 's interpretation of Novell 's waiver rights is foreclosed by the language of the APA .
Novell resists the conclusion that Section 4.16 's waiver rights are not susceptible to SCO 's interpretation -- that they apply primarily to the royalty provisions of the product supplement agreements -- for several reasons .
First , Novell asserts that the product supplement agreements " refer to the Software and Sublicensing Agreements , which in turn refer to the Supplements as part of the same integrated agreement . "
Aple. Br. 52 .
As parts of essentially integrated - 45 - agreements , Novell argues that SVRX Licenses must refer to the entire set of agreements governing the license relationship .
But several SCO witnesses , who had previously worked at Novell before the transaction testified that they " understood an SVRX license to be an SVRX product supplement . "
See App'x 4610 , 4625 ; see also App'x 460910 ( " While the software and sublicensing agreements described general rights and obligations that would apply if a licensee licensed a product , they did not themselves license any product . " ) .
The district court also found persuasive the argument that Section 4.16 ( b ) indicates that an SVRX License must be something that grants rights .
See App'x 287 ( " at Seller 's sole discretion and direction , Buyer shall amend , supplement , modify or waive any rights under . . . any SVRX License . " ) .
Novell argues that the software and sublicensing agreements , rather than the product supplement agreements , set out the licensee 's rights and obligations .
Therefore , it contends that the " rights under " the SVRX License must refer to the rights in the software and sublicensing agreements .
But it is clear that the product supplement agreements also grant rights -- specifically the right to license and use a given product in exchange for financial compensation .
Finally , Novell argues , and the district court agreed , that its reading of SVRX Licenses to include all three sets of licensing agreements is most consistent with the APA 's use of broad language referring to " any " and " all " - 46 - SVRX Licenses .
But we think it plain that this only begs the question of the scope of what an " SVRX License " is .
Ultimately , we do not think that the language of Section 4.16 is so clear as to preclude SCO 's interpretation of the scope of Novell 's waiver rights .
It is reasonable to think that the parties would have covenanted in such a manner as to protect Novell 's substantial pecuniary interest in the revenue stream that , even under SCO 's interpretation , financed the acquisition .
It is less easy to accept that SCO would have consented to giving Novell the unilateral power to unravel its exclusive and undisputed ownership rights in the underlying source code of UNIX .
Because we cannot say that the evidence is so one - sided as to preclude a rational finder of fact from agreeing with SCO 's interpretation of the scope of Novell 's waiver rights , we think summary judgment is premature .
IV .
Limitations Imposed by the Covenant of Good Faith SCO also argued below that the covenant of good faith and fair dealing independently limits the scope of Novell 's waiver rights under the APA .
Under California law , " [ e] very contract imposes upon each party a duty of good faith and fair dealing in its performance and its enforcement . "
Carma Developers ( Cal. ) , Inc. v. Marathon Dev. Cal. , Inc. , 2 Cal. 4th 342 , 371 , 6 Cal. Rptr. 2d 467 ( Cal. 1992 ) .
" The covenant of good faith finds particular application in situations , " as here , " where one party is invested with a discretionary power affecting the rights of another . "
Id . " [ B ] reach of the covenant of good faith has - 47 - been characterized as an attempt by the party holding the discretionary power to use it to recapture opportunities forgone in contracting . "
Id. at 372 ; see also Steven J. Burton , Breach of Contract and the Common Law Duty to Perform in Good Faith , 94 Harv.L.Rev. 369 , 373 ( 1980 ) .
That said , " [ i] t is universally recognized [ that ] the scope of conduct prohibited by the covenant of good faith is circumscribed by the purposes and express terms of the contract . "
Id .
The district court concluded that the covenant of good faith was inapplicable to constrain Novell 's waiver rights , as a matter of law , reasoning that Novell would be " acting within an explicit grant of contractual authority . "
Dist . Ct. Op. 87 ( citing Carma Developers , Inc. , 2 Cal. 4th at 374 ) .
Because we conclude that the scope of Novell 's waiver rights is not clarified expressly by the contract , we must reverse the district court 's judgment on this point .
On remand , however , we caution that it is not always the case that an express grant of contractual authority is not constrained by the operation of the covenant of good faith .
California recognizes at least two exceptional situations where the covenant of good faith may inform the interpretation of even an express grant of contractual authority .
First , where the express discretion makes the contract , viewed as a whole , " contradictory and ambiguous , " the implied covenant may be applied to aid in construction .
April Enterprises , Inc. v. KTTV , 147 Cal. App. 3d 805 , 816 ( Cal. Ct. App. 1983 ) .
Thus in April Enterprises , by the express terms of a contract , one party had the right to syndicate episodes of a television - 48 - show , while the other had the right to erase episodes of the show .
Both parties shared revenues from compensation .
Although the contract expressly granted one party the right to erase episodes , the court applied the covenant of good faith , holding that the contract was contradictory and ambiguous as to whether tapes could be erased while the other party was negotiating for syndication .
Id .
Second , the covenant may aid in the interpretation of a contract seemingly expressly granting unbridled discretion " in those relatively rare instances when reading the provision literally would , contrary to the parties ' clear intention , result in an unenforceable , illusory agreement . "
Third Story Music , Inc. v. Waits , 41 Cal. App. 4th 798 , 808 ( Cal. Ct. App. 1995 ) .
On remand , the district court may consider the applicability of either of these exceptions to the general rule that an express grant of contractual authority is not susceptible to limitation by the covenant of good faith .
V. Novell 's Entitlement to SVRX Licenses Entered Into After the APA
The parties finally dispute Novell 's entitlement to royalties from an agreement entered into between SCO and Sun and Microsoft in 2003 concerning Sun 's rights to SVRX technology .
Pursuant to the 2003 agreement , Sun paid SCO roughly $ 9 million in exchange for an amendment to its rights under a 1994 SVRX License between Novell and Sun .
In 1994 , Sun paid Novell $ 83 million in exchange for a buyout of its royalty obligations under its licensing agreement .
Most importantly , the 2003 agreement purported to lift Sun 's obligation under the - 49 - 1994 agreement to keep licensed SVRX source code confidential .
See Aple. Br. 66 .
These confidentiality restrictions would have prevented Sun from publicly releasing or " opensourcing " the source code for its proprietary , UNIX - based operating system , " Solaris , " until 2014 .
After entering into its 2003 agreement with SCO , Sun released an opensource version of Solaris that would have been barred under the 1994 agreement .
The district court ruled for several independent reasons that Novell was due a share of the revenues that SCO had obtained in exchange for the amendment to Sun 's licensing rights .
First , the court held as a matter of law that the 2003 agreement constituted an " SVRX License " within the meaning of the APA , to which Novell was due royalties under the APA .
See Dist . Ct. Op. 10001 .
Second , in a bench trial , the district court concluded that the 2003 agreement was an unauthorized amendment to an SVRX License ( Novell and Sun 's 1994 agreement ) , expressly prohibited by Article 4.16 ( b ) of the APA .
The court further noted that Amendment No. 2 to the APA provides that before entering into any potential transaction with an SVRX licensee which " concerns a buy - out of any such licensee 's royalty obligations , " SCO was obligated to notify Novell and engage it in the negotiations .
Findings of Fact , July 16 , 2008 at 35 ( referencing App'x 374 , ¶ B ) .
Because the court concluded that SCO was without authority to enter into the 2003 Sun Agreement , it found SCO liable for breach of fiduciary duty , conversion , and unjust enrichment from its failure to pass through to Novell - 50 - certain revenues that it received from its agreement with Sun .
The court awarded Novell $ 2,547,817 .
We review the district court 's factual findings for clear error and its legal conclusions de novo .
Weyerhaeuser Co. v. Brantley , 510 F.3d 1256 , 1260 ( 10th Cir. 2007 ) .
In its opening brief on appeal , SCO appeared to contest only the district court 's finding that the 2003 agreement constituted an " SVRX License . "
SCO argued that the district court erred by concluding that a licensing agreement entered after the closing of the APA could constitute an SVRX License .
Whatever the merits of this argument , SCO neglected to challenge the alternative , independently sufficient basis for the district court 's ruling -- that its 2003 agreement with Sun represented an impermissible amendment to an SVRX License .
An issue or argument insufficiently raised in a party 's opening brief is deemed waived .
Headrick v. Rockwell Int'l Corp. , 24 F.3d 1272 , 127778 ( 10th Cir. 1994 ) .
Although SCO addresses this issue in its reply brief , the general rule in this circuit is that a party waives issues and arguments raised there for the first time .
See M.D. Mark , Inc. v. Kerr-McGee Corp. , 565 F.3d 753 ( 10th Cir. 2009 ) .
Even if the issue were properly before us , we are skeptical of the merits of SCO 's claim .
Even if " SVRX Licenses " include only those licenses entered into prior to the APA , as SCO argues , Sun 's 1994 agreement with Novell would qualify .
Section 4.16 ( b ) of the APA makes clear that SCO " shall not have the authority to [ ] amend [ or ] modify . . . any right under . . . any SVRX License - 51 - without the prior written consent of Seller . "
SCO does not dispute that the royalties provided by Sun under its licensing agreement constitute a right within the meaning of Section 4.16 .
Instead it contends that " the 1994 buyout was not modified in any way " because Novell was not required to relinquish any of the money it received from the 1994 buyout .
But the 2003 agreement expressly purports to " amend and restate " the parties ' 1994 agreement , by increasing the value of Sun 's rights under its buyout .
And even if Section 4.16 did not apply to the 2003 agreement , we agree with the district court that Amendment No. 2 would .
Paragraph B of the Amendment sets out rules to govern " any potential transaction with an SVRX licensee which concerns a buy - out of any such licensee 's royalty obligations . "
App'x 374 ( emphasis added ) .
SCO argues that " Section B does not apply when a licensee already has a buyout and now enters into a subsequent agreement that merely relates to the prior buyout agreement . "
Aplt. R. Br. 30 .
But we fail to see any support in the language for this limitation .
Indeed , were this so , Amendment No. 2 would only have obligated the parties to jointly negotiate an initial buyout agreement .
But Amendment No. 2 would not have prevented the parties from taking unilateral action to expand or modify the terms of that buyout thereafter .
See Findings of Fact , July 16 , 2008 at 3536 .
This seems counterintuitive .
In any case , we also agree with the district court that agreements that post - date the APA may constitute SVRX Licenses .
SCO presents a variety of evidence - 52 - to suggest that SVRX referred only to existing licenses under the APA .
See Aplt. Br. 6668 .
This may have been consistent with the parties ' intent at the time of the APA , which expressly provided that SCO " shall have no right to [ ] enter into future licenses or amendments of the SVRX Licenses . "
App'x 287 .
But the parties subsequently agreed to Amendment No. 2 , which revised this section of the APA to provide that SCO " shall not , and shall have no right to [ ] enter into new SVRX Licenses except in [ certain enumerated situations ] . "
Thus , the clear language of the amended APA anticipates " new SVRX Licenses , " indicating that an SVRX License can post - date the APA .
To the extent that SCO argues that this amended language envisioning " new SVRX Licenses " is somehow inconsistent with the APA itself , we remind it that when " two contracts are made at different times , [ but where ] the later is not intended to entirely supersede the first , but only modif[y ] it in certain particulars [ , ] [t ] he two are to be construed as parts of one contract , the later superseding the earlier one wherever it is inconsistent therewith . "
Hawes v. Lux , 294 P. 1080 , 1081 ( Cal. Dist. Ct. App. 1931 ) .
What is sauce for the goose is sauce for the gander .
Since SCO 's challenge to the district court 's ruling was premised only on its argument that " SVRX License " is a term - 53 - temporally limited to assets existing at the time of the APA ,7 see Aplt.
Br. 66 , we are compelled to reject it .
For all these reasons , we affirm the district court 's ruling with respect to SCO 's liability from its 2003 agreement with Sun. VI .
Conclusion
For the foregoing reasons , we AFFIRM the district court 's judgment with regards to the royalties due Novell under the 2003 Sun- SCO Agreement , but REVERSE the district court 's entry of summary judgment on ( 1 ) the ownership of the UNIX and UnixWare copyrights ; ( 2 ) SCO 's claim seeking specific performance ; ( 3 ) the scope of Novell 's rights under Section 4.16 of the APA ; ( 4 ) the application of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing to Novell 's rights under Section 4.16 of the APA .
On these issues , we REMAND for trial .
- 54 - The district court also issued a number of rulings regarding specific arguments made in support of both parties ' claims and counterclaims .
To the extent that those rulings do not directly affect the substance of this appeal , we do not address them .
We think the parties ' dispute over whether Amendment No. 2 retroactively changed the APA or affected a clarification as of October 16 , 1996 is ultimately much ado about nothing .
None of the claims in this litigation depend on the meaning of the APA during the time period prior to Amendment No. 2 . Moreover , while both parties attribute different meanings to the APA and Amendment No. 2 , neither party argues that Amendment No. 2 was meant to substantively change the intent of the APA ; both SCO and Novell agree that it merely clarified or affirmed the original intent of the transaction .
Compare Aplt. R. Br. 10 ( " Amendment No. 2 clarified the APA to confirm that the copyrights had been transferred thereunder . " ) with Aple. Br. 40 ( Amendment No. 2 merely " affirm[ed ] that Santa Cruz had a license under the original APA to use Novell 's UNIX and UnixWare copyrighted works in its business " ) ( emphasis added ) .
Although SCO claims that this was a " joint press release , " it provides no evidence to support this assertion .
The district court reasonably cast doubt on whether the press release cited to in the record is , in fact , a joint press release .
In any case , it at least provides a contemporaneous view of Santa Cruz 's view of the transaction .
For this reason , we fail to see why SCO 's argument that copyright ownership would be necessary to bring " claims " under the agreement is " circular , " as Novell argues .
Aple . Br. 47 . SCO indisputably acquired certain assets under the APA .
SCO 's claim , as we understand it , is that copyrights are necessary to protect the value of the assets themselves , and are therefore necessary to prosecute seller 's claims " relating to any . . . asset " included in the Business .
Novell has not explained , for instance , what recourse SCO had under Novell 's theory of the transaction if a third party had copied and attempted to resell the core UNIX assets Santa Cruz received in the deal .
Section III.L of the Asset Schedule of the APA transferred to Santa Cruz " [ a]ll of Seller 's rights pertaining to UNIX and UnixWare under any software development contracts [ or ] licenses . . . and which pertain to the Business , including without limitation : . . . Software and Sublicensing Agreements . "
As we noted with respect to the negotiations over Amendment No. 2's revision to the Intellectual Property Excluded Assets Schedule , the fact that the final language of the agreement eliminated the specific language affirming Novell 's right under the APA to amend sublicensing and software agreements should not be construed as an admission by Novell that it does not have such rights .
SCO notes in its reply brief that the provision referring to " new SVRX licenses " provides that SCO retains the source code right - to - use fees thereunder .
But the district court found that SCO was unjustly enriched not with regard to right - to - use fees , but by SCO 's willingness to provide Sun with relief from the confidentiality restrictions imposed by the 1994 agreement .
The Jesus Satan Optical Illusion
Is a cartoon drawing of Jesus and Satan all in the same cartoon .
This Ironic little cartoon switch from good to evil as you flip him upside down .
Right up up ( left side ) he is a cartoon image of Jesus , but once flipped around , his beard turns into his horns and his hat to his collar , its a creative little multiple meaning cartoon .
The moral of the story is never trust something at first glance , you never know the flip side it may have !
How about a program where we can turn in the old , washed - up pundits and talking heads on the cable nets for ones that spew less dangerous emissions ?
HTC Hero review
There ’s no underestimating the appeal of the HTC Hero ; since we shot our unboxing video and preliminary hands - on at the end of last week it ’s been watched more than 300,000 times .
The third Android device to reach the market , the Hero promises not only an updated camera and design , but HTC ’s latest work in user - interface , HTC Sense .
Can the Hero live up to the hype ?
Check out our full review to find out .
From the outside , the Hero blends elements of both the device that have gone before it ; the smartphone is size - wise more in line with the Magic , but with some of the angular style of the original HTC Dream ( aka the T - Mobile G1 ) .
It ’s a thin handset , measuring 112 x 56.2 x 14.35 mm , and feels even thinner thanks to the sharp beveling of the edges .
Our review unit is white , but depending on carrier there will be charcoal and black versions of the Hero , each with the subtle brushed - metal display surround .
It ’s a distinctive design , but not unduly dramatic , and while we ’ve heard complaint about HTC ’s persistence with the angled “ chin ” section this does make holding the phone and using the buttons and trackball more straightforward .
Up top there ’s a welcome addition to an HTC Android device , in the shape of a 3.5 mm headphones socket , while on the base there ’s the company ’s own ExtUSB port ( which is compatible with standard mini- USB ) .
On the left - hand side there are surprisingly large volume controls , while on the back there ’s the 5 - megapixel autofocus camera ( which still lacks a flash of any sort ) .
There ’s no dedicated camera button , either .
Up front , there ’s a 3.2 - inch capacitive touchscreen running at 320 x 480 HVGA resolution , sitting above the usual six Android buttons : call , home , menu , call - end , search and back .
The trackball from the Dream and Magic is also present , and it lights up when you receive an SMS or phone call .
Above the display is the long , narrow speaker - grill , flanked on the left by an ambient light sensor and on the right by a two - color LED that flashes green to let you know a message has come in , and red when charging .
The whole handset is covered in Teflon , which HTC say will better resist scratches , fading and staining ; its matte finish is a tactile and aesthetically welcome departure from glossy devices .
Prise off the back cover – something which takes a little bravery to do , as it ’s a tight fit – and there ’s a microSD card slot that can be accessed without removing the battery , together with the SIM slot and 1,350 mAh Li-Ion power pack .
The whole thing weighs 135g .
On the inside , things are far more similar to HTC ’s existing Android range .
The Hero has the same 528MHz Qualcomm processor , paired with 512MB ROM and 288MB RAM , as its siblings , together with 900/ 2100 MHz HSPA / WCDMA supporting up to 7.2 M bps downlink and 2 M bps uplink speeds ( network depending ) .
There ’s also 850/900/1800/1900MHz GSM / GPRS / EDGE ; we ’re yet to hear any announcement regarding a US - spec version of the Hero .
Other connectivity includes WiFi b/g , Bluetooth 2.0 +EDR with A2DP support , and of course USB 2.0 , plus there ’s A - GPS , a digital compass and accelerometer .
Of course , what makes the Hero particularly special is the work HTC have done on its user - interface , under the auspices of their “ HTC Sense ” project .
Sense is the culmination of three years of UI work , that has taken in multiple iterations of TouchFLO 3D on Windows Mobile across the years .
Given that TouchFLO 3D could arguably be credited with keeping the aging Microsoft mobile platform as relevant as it has been for the past twelve months or so , that ’s no small lineage .
Sense aims to take the basic Android OS and make it not only more visually appealing but functionally more immediate , bringing commonly - used services and features to the fore and , in no small way , making the fledgling Google platform more engaging “ out of the box ” .
HTC ’s first , and perhaps most obvious way of doing that is through widgets .
Previous Android devices have had a few widget options – search , picture frame , music , etc – and those are still present , but HTC introduce fourteen of their own , along with five “ toggle ” controls for connectivity options .
These range from bookmarks and calendar , through a new mail app and messages app , to contact shortcuts , a Twitter app and a new weather app .
As for the toggle switches , they cover airplane mode , Bluetooth , GPS , cellular connectivity and WiFi , and present an easy way to lock - down the Hero or simply shut off a potential battery glutton .
To accommodate all this flexibility , HTC have increased the number of homescreen panes from the usual three to seven ; you can switch between them with a horizontal swipe across the touchscreen in either direction , or using the trackball .
Your position in those panes is discretely shown by the arc at the base of the homescreen , which also has a direct shortcut to the phone keypad , main menu and widget control panel .
Pressing the home hardware button also takes you directly back to the center pane , so it ’s always straightforward to navigate your way around .
HTC ’s widgets share space with the usual shortcuts , which can be to apps , folders or bookmarks , and many of them have two different sizes to choose from .
The music widget , for instance , has a small , basic option which will fit on a pane with other shortcuts , or a larger version which shows more track detail , album art , and takes up a pane to itself .
Seven panes , then , can be occupied relatively quickly , but to get around that HTC have added Scenes support to the Hero .
Accessed by hitting the Menu button from the homescreen , Scenes basically allows for multiple layouts which the company expects will be used to differentiate between workday and social use .
As standard the Hero comes preset with the standard HTC , Social , Work , Play , Travel and “ Clean Slate ” ( blank ) layouts , which you can leave as - is or modify and save with your own names .
Each can have a different number of widgets , different wallpapers and other personalization .
Or , of course , you can ignore them altogether and focus on just one standard Scene ; as with the slide - to - unlock , which can be replaced by the standard Android pattern lock , Sense is about giving you more options not taking them away .
Each widget generally acts as a gateway to its own app , too , so while they ’re functional in their own right – you do n’t have to leave the homescreen to browse through your Twitter message stream , for instance – you ’re also one touch away from a more comprehensive experience .
To stay with Twitter , the client – called Peep – shows the full message list and allows you to post a new tweet from the homescreen , but tapping into the app - proper brings up separate panes in which you can view your “ @ ” replies , direct messages and favorites .
It ’s also linked into your location , so you can send geographic updates letting people know whereabouts you are , and there are options for update frequency ( number of tweets to download , up to 250 ; frequency of updates , from daily through every 5 mins and manual ) and even a choice of photo host , picture quality and URL - shortening service .
Peep works well , spawning a little bird icon into the notification bar when there are fresh messages , just as you would get with a new email .
New messages have an easy photo upload button , which offers the choice of an existing picture from the gallery or to take a new shot with the camera then and there , and you can also tap the location button to tweet your geographical position as a link to a map , custom text or plain latitude / longitude .
Our one gripe is the seeming absence of any way to quickly paste in Twitter contact names , beyond physically typing them out ; an “ insert follower username ” option would make this much easier .
Still , a long - hold on any tweet will bring up a menu for reply , send direct message , retweet , add to favorites or show profile .
A much - welcomed addition to an Android device is Microsoft Exchange support , and HTC have provided a new Mail app on the Hero to cater for it .
As you might
expect , it uses ActiveSync to wirelessly synchronize , and offer push - email from hosted Exchange accounts .
The Mail app also supports POP , APOP and IMAP , and can have multiple simultaneous accounts established ; download frequency can be set from 5 minutes through to daily , plus manual , and you can choose how many days of messages you want on your Hero and the maximum size of each message ( there ’s an option to download the rest in each curtailed email ) .
Once set up , different accounts can be switched between via a drop - down menu at the top , while a sliding selection marker at the bottom of the screen takes you between three main views .
The first lists all emails by date and individually ; the second threads together email conversations ; the third lists only emails with attachments .
The most obvious comparison to be made is with Android ’s native GMail app , also present on the Hero .
While the screen size devoted to messages in each app is different , both show at most seven email headers at any one time ; GMail obviously conversation - threads as standard , and tags one message after another , while HTC Mail shows one email at a time with up / down buttons to flip between messages in a thread .
It ’s arguable as to which system works better ; those comfortable skipping down long conversations via touchscreen swipes will most likely prefer the GMail app , while the HTC offering does make it easier to get to the start of the next message .
Happily , since GMail offers IMAP support for their accounts , you can pick between the two clients depending on your UI preference ; remember , though , that Mail wo n’t let you search the GMail server like the native app will .
Of course , the major difference is that Android ’s GMail app has no homescreen widget , only a shortcut , whereas HTC Mail does .
You can choose to devote a whole homescreen pane ( there ’s no cut - down mini- widget , though there is a simple shortcut button ) to Mail , and from there flip through the stack of emails , bin them , write a new message or go directly to the inbox .
There ’s no HTML support in the widget , only plain text , but it ’s certainly enough to see multiple lines of an email and choose whether it ’s worth heading into the app proper to do anything about it .
The new SMS app works in a similar fashion , grouping messages by sender and presenting them in a conversation with icons – if present – from the contacts app .
HTC provide a number of quick - text inserts ( such as “ Where are you ? ” and “ I ’m running late ” ) together with the ability to easily attach pictures , video , audio , location data , a vCard contact file , vCalendar appointment , or to create a new attachment .
This latter option takes you to the camera , camcorder , audio - recorder or slideshow apps , allowing you to film a clip , etc , then attach it straight to an MMS .
As for the accompanying widget , this uses a Rolodex - style presentation to flip through the most recent messages from a contact on the homescreen , together with a shortcut to write a new message .
Moving to the Phone app , this can be accessed via the listing in the main programs menu or by pressing the shortcut button at the base of the homescreen .
It opens by default with your recent calls list overlaid with a number pad ; tapping the buttons either enters the number or uses T9 to search through your contacts for a matching name .
Alternatively , minimizing the number pad shows the contacts list itself ; the Menu button gives shortcuts to the contacts app proper , your full call history , favorites and speed - dials , as well as settings .
Call quality is fair , with the Hero relatively tenacious with a signal and no problems for either party with volume or noise .
The side volume keys adjust earpiece volume when in a call or ringer volume ( down to vibrate and silent ) otherwise ; during calls the number pad is a button - press away , while the Menu button brings up options for speakerphone , putting the caller on hold , adding another party , launching the contacts app and muting the microphone .
HTC are proud of the work they ’ve done with Sense when it comes to contacts , on the Hero called People , and they ’ve good cause to be .
As with other apps , People is navigated primarily by a sliding bar at the base of the screen , which takes you from the full contacts list , to favorites ( with the option to add a new favorite ) , to groups , to Updates and Events ( more on this in a moment ) and to call history .
The Menu button brings up options to add or delete a contact , view an entry , search through People , import from SIM and synchronize Exchange contacts
What elevates People above and beyond the standard Android address book is its integration with Facebook and Flickr .
By entering your login details for one or both , People automatically tries to match up contacts you have on those networks with entries in your address book .
Doing so pulls in their latest Facebook status update , photo galleries from both sites , their birthday and email address , and their avatar photo which is used as a contact photo .
If People ca n’t match them up correctly – we had a few different names in our lists , which confused it – then you can manually link profiles .
The “ Updates and Events ” tab shows any new changes from the two sites , such as upcoming birthdays and new galleries ; tapping into an individual contact shows the same for just that individual , together with panes for any messages , emails and calls between you and them .
It all works surprisingly well , and is certainly a straightforward way to fill in contact photos and missing birthdays across your address book .
There ’s little lag in updating , and by tapping your own entry at the top of the contacts list you can see your own Facebook and Flickr notifications , handling any unread messages , event invitations , friend requests and other alerts .
We wish – given the work HTC have obviously done on Peep – there was a way to link in Twitter accounts in a similar fashion to Facebook , but currently there is not .
Plugging the Hero into a PC brings up the options to either treat it as a mass storage device or to launch HTC Sync .
This latter app , available as a free download though only for Windows PCs , allows you to synchronize your Outlook or Windows Address Book ( i.e. Outlook Express contacts ) with the Hero , rather than using a wired ActiveSync connection .
Unfortunately HTC
Sync does n’t seemingly manage your calendar entries in the same way , which is a shame because the new Calendar app on the Hero is a generally pleasant way to get organized .
It defaults to a month view ( as does the large homescreen widget ; the small version has a single line of the next upcoming appointment ) but offers day and event - list views via the Menu button .
There ’s also a Calendars button , which allows you to switch between various different agenda sources : Outlook ( wirelessly via ActiveSync ) and any Google Calendars you might have .
These can be set to all simultaneously display ( with different color coding ) or toggled off to only show particular agendas .
If the Calendar is intended to organize your life moving forward , then HTC Footprints is more about looking back .
A feature of certain GPS - enabled Windows Mobile devices from HTC ’s stable , Footprints basically allows you to snap a photo with the Hero ’s camera , geotag it , and then add various details including phone number , website , a voice memo , star rating and notes .
Finally you can categorize it – shopping , dining , etc – and share them via SD card .
It ’s a straightforward system , and if you regularly travel then it ’s handy to make a note of favorite restaurants and the like , but we wish there was a simple way to share Footprint entries online with others .
Loading up content for the Hero ’s media app is easiest done via a USB connection , and HTC supply a suitable cable in the box .
The smartphone mounts the microSD card as a removable drive , and you can drag and drop audio and video files straight across .
Files on the microSD card are automatically registered into the app , which is a basic though functional PMP .
There ’s the usual shuffle , repeat and playlist functionality , together with sorting tracks by artist , album and other ID3 data , and you can also set files as the active ringtone directly from the mediaplayer app .
Audio quality from the built - in speaker is loud if not especially refined , but thankfully we ’ve no complaints with quality via the 3.5 mm headphones jack , particularly if you do the sensible thing and plug in your own headphones rather than those HTC supply .
During playback the volume keys control the music , rather than ringtone volume .
As for the impact of music playing in background on other apps , we noticed a very small amount of lag introduced , particularly when loading a data - heavy application such as a full inbox or lengthy contacts list .
Happily there was little impact on web browsing speed , with page panning and zooming as smooth as usual .
In fact , our general impression of the Hero ’s performance has been very good , with the Sense modifications doing little to slow the smartphone down .
Turning to the browser , the biggest news here is the addition of multitouch support for pinch - zooming together with Flash playback .
The app is generally the same as on previous Android devices , only instead of zoom in / out buttons you can close and spread your fingers to manipulate the page .
It ’s a far more natural way of browsing , and allows for much finer control , and frankly it ’s about time an Android smartphone supported it ( officially ) .
Double - tapping to reformat text works well , and the trackball steps neatly between links for when navigating more crowded pages .
Multiple browser windows can be opened , though we did experience a couple of odd moments where background pages were closed without warning .
As for Flash support , this instantly kicks the HTC Hero a step ahead of many other smartphones on the market .
Although there ’s HTC ’s usual excellent YouTube viewer preloaded on the phone , you can now stop by the full YouTube site and watch in - page streaming video too .
To be honest , the layout of the standalone app actually makes it more usable than YouTube ’s site , but the Flash support comes into its own when you encounter in - page videos on news and review sites .
In our tests , only Vimeo videos failed to load , though connection speed also has a significant affect on overall browser performance when buffering footage .
Flash is more than just video , though , and so we stopped by some graphics and animation - intensive MySpace pages to see if we could overload the Hero ’s browser .
Unfortunately not every element loaded ; the music player many users have underneath their profile information was the most obvious error , telling us we needed an upgraded version of Flash .
Stepping over to a Flash game site proved disappointing too , with games taking very long periods to load and then usually proving uncontrollable in the absence of a keyboard or mouse .
It ’s certainly possible that some titles will be better suited to the Hero than others , mind .
With pinch - zoom supported in the Android browser , it was a surprise to find that the same functionality did n’t work in Google Maps on the Hero .
Instead , you ’re left with the same zoom in / out buttons as usual .
The Hero has the same Street View support as earlier Android phones , accessed by tapping and holding a point on the display and selecting it from the pop - up menu .
There are directions for driving and walking , but no voice - prompts so in - car use is n’t advised .
The Hero ’s camera is a step up , offering 5 - megapixels with autofocus though no flash .
It records both stills and video , toggled between with a simple on - screen button , and has basic white balance , brightness and flicker adjustment .
There ’s also a self - timer and optional geotagging .
Photos are captured as JPEGs while video can be H.263 or MPEG4 ; once taken , they can be uploaded to Facebook , Flickr , Picasa or YouTube , or sent via GMail , HTC Mail , MMS or Peep ( Twitter ) .
Quality , meanwhile , is reasonable though not likely to displace dedicated point - and - shoot digicams or some of the high - end imaging featurephones we ’ve seen in recent months .
Still , it ’s a welcome step up from the Dream and Magic .
One of HTC Sense ’s more impressive introductions is the new on - screen keyboard , and this is a real step up from what arrived on the HTC Magic with the Android OS 1.5 Cupcake release .
Obviously both portrait and landscape orientations are catered for , each with well - spaced QWERTY layouts and secondary pages of numbers and symbols , while those secondary characters can also be accessed by pressing and holding the relevant letter key .
As you do so , a preview of the character pops up above your fingertip , handy for ensuring you ’re tapping the key you intended to .
There ’s also auto - complete and auto - correct , with a list of words showing up above the keyboard as you type ; you can either tap them or press space to select the current highlighted word .
Adding new words to the dictionary is also well handled ; if you type a word the Hero does n’t recognize , you can tap space to insert it or tap the word itself on - screen to not only insert but to add it to the dictionary for later use .
In all , the keyboard is a real pleasure to use and we had no problems building up a decent typing speed in either orientation , especially when holding the Hero in landscape and thumb - tapping with both hands .
Elsewhere , there ’s the usual array of Android apps and options , including the Android Market for software downloads .
The BBC iPlayer app works well on the Hero , and of course you can add shortcuts to newly downloaded software onto the various homescreen panes .
We ’re hoping HTC – or third - parties – release some more homescreen widgets , as we really like the instant ease - of - use they bring to the platform .
HTC supply a 1,350 mAh battery with the Hero , 10 mAh more than the Magic , but quote up to 420 minutes of WCDMA talktime or 470 minutes of GSM talktime ( 20 minutes more than its predecessor ) .
They also suggest up to 660 hours of WCDMA standby or up to 420 hours of GSM standby .
We did n’t have enough time to put the Hero through the sort of charge / discharge and use cycles we would have liked to ; however , with regular use of messaging and browser , plus several calls and email regularly checking over a mixture of WiFi and 3G , we found the phone would last morning to night before needing a recharge .
This is certainly a handset you ’ll be charging every night , but from our experience over the past few days it should n’t require the mid-day top - up many iPhone 3G users , say , report .
Back in our initial unboxing and overview of the HTC Hero , we tongue - in - cheek suggested that it could be the best Android smartphone to date .
Having spent more time with it , that cavalier prediction is looking highly accurate .
Android ’s flexibility is , arguably , one of its biggest stumbling blocks ; out of the box there ’s little to guide a new owner through the platform ’s capabilities .
By introducing Sense , however , HTC have made the Hero instantly usable , and they ’ve done so not with the bare minimum of app investment but with a range of programs that offer up - to - date functionality like social network integration .
Best of all , HTC ’s dedication to developing Sense and treating UI as a long - haul process rather than a short - term prettification exercise gives us hope that the few shortfalls and omissions we ’re currently seeing in version one of the Hero will be addressed over time .
It ’s reassuring to know that not only is the Hero a great smartphone but that it ’s only likely to get better as HTC continue their tweaks .
It ’s safe to say that , in the HTC Hero , Android has come of age .
The HTC Hero is available unlocked and SIM - free from Clove.co.uk , priced at £ 335 pre-VAT .
They offer international shipping .
HTC Hero unboxing and Sense UI overview :
[ vms 9af4dd08de5d1de54f68 ]
HTC Hero media widget and Flash - capable browser :
[ vms 46a9d49d3d3af4f57443 ]
Cascading Style Sheets are an excellent tool used by web developers to put the repetitive formatting details -- font Tahoma , color Mauve , weight Bold , etc -- in a single , easy to maintain place .
Of course , no developer actually expects to work on a site that utilizes them .
But still , it 's comforting to think that maybe , one day , one of us just might be lucky enough to come across that one client who actually uses them somewhat properly .
When a client of Philip Bathe 's company requested a change to their website , Philip expected a mangled mess of HTML with improperly formed FONT tags nested inside of CENTER tags with the occasional use of platform - specific CSS .
If only he was that fortunate .
The moment he opened up the home page and saw what it consisted of , he knew that he'd be in for a " treat " ...
<!--#INCLUDE FILE=" includes/box0.asp " --> <!--#INCLUDE FILE=" includes/box.asp " --> <!--#INCLUDE FILE=" includes/box2.asp " --> <!--#INCLUDE FILE=" includes/box3.asp " --> <!--#INCLUDE FILE=" includes/box6.asp " --> [ ... snip ... ]
<!--#INCLUDE FILE=" includes/boxF.asp " -->
Most of these include - files ( which I 'll call " boxes " ) contained only more boxes .
And many of those boxes contained even more boxes .
Unlike our matryoshka dolls , some of the boxes contained boxes that were already boxed within other boxes .
Confused yet ?
Philip 's pain only got worse .
The majority of the boxes did n't contain any literal HTML .
Instead , they utilized a series of VBScript functions that output HTML .
These functions tended to call functions defined in other boxes and were named just as undescriptively as the include files were .
Following is one of the functions from box2 - 3.asp :
function Box B66 ( ) response .
Write ( " < /table > " ) ' response .
Write ( " </td></tr > " ) ' response .
Write ( " < /table > " ) call BoxBEnd ( ) end function
In the end , Philip was able to accomplish the task he was charged with doing : add a second row to the top navigation links .
And it only took him the better part of a week .
Prime Minister Kevin Rudd has urged against vigilante action in the wake of a string of violent attacks against Indians in Sydney and Melbourne .
Yesterday police had to move on groups of Indian men who were patrolling Melbourne railway stations in a bid to prevent more attacks .
And for a second night in a row Indian students took to the streets of Sydney last night to protest against what they say is a lack of police protection in the wake of two assaults .
Last night about 70 young men blocked off an intersection at Harris Park .
Two men were arrested ; one was later released without charge and the other was served a notice to appear in court later this month .
Mr Rudd has put students considering retaliating against the attacks on notice .
" It 's unacceptable for any student group to believe they can take the law into their own hands and engage in so - called retribution attacks or vigilante action , " he told 3 AW radio .
Many Indian students are angry for what they describe as inadequate protection against racially - motivated attacks .
But Mr Rudd has called for calm and says Australia is one of the safest countries in the world .
" I think everyone just needs to draw breath on this and I think we need to see a greater atmosphere of general calm , " he said .
" All cities from time to time are going to have acts of violence .
I 'm advised on the statistics [ that Australia ] is one of the safest countries in the world for international students . "
Mr Rudd says balance needs to be restored to the debate , adding Australians have been victims of crime when they visit India .
" In the last decade I was advised we had , I think , up to 20 Australians who had either been murdered or had various forms of assault committed against them , " he said .
" That is not the result of Australians being targeted in India , that 's just a fact of violence in cities around the world , so I do think we need some balance in this debate . "
Deputy Prime Minister Julia Gillard has been confronted by a group of international students demanding the Government do more to protect them .
The students were protesting at the University of Sydney , where Ms Gillard was launching a program to encourage enrolments by disadvantaged people .
Ms Gillard spoke to the students to hear their concerns and says the Government is working to address the issues .
Call for calm
India 's Foreign Minister , SM Krishna , has urged Indian students to stay calm in the wake of the attacks on them .
" I would like all Indian students to be patient , " he said .
" They should be restrained .
They have gone there to pursue higher studies and they should concentrate on that , rather than retaliate . "
Foreign Affairs Minister Stephen Smith has also urged restraint , saying state and federal authorities are doing all they can to make sure foreign students are safe .
" I simply echo the comments of my Indian counterpart .
The time has now come for restraint .
The time has come for calm , " Mr Smith said .
" People should simply let the police authorities get on with their jobs .
We know that both in Victoria and New South Wales those relevant authorities are working very hard on this . "
This blog is for the guys who are adicted to coffee like me .
Here I 'll discuss everything you need to know about coffee & Tea .
The crowd at Where 2.0 was expecting an API announcement and Google delivered one .
Lior Ron and Steve Lee announced their Maps Data API , a service for hosting geodata .
As they describe it on the site :
What is it ?
The Google Maps Data API allows client applications to view , store and update map data in the form of Google Data API feeds using a data model of features ( placemarks , lines and shapes ) and maps ( collections of features ) .
Why Use the Google Maps Data API ?
Storage scales simply with usage .
You should n’t have to worry about maintaining a data store to build a cool Google Maps mashup .
Focus on building the client , and we ’ll provide hosting and bandwidth for free .
Geodata is accessible across platforms and devices .
With many client libraries and clients , accessing stored geodata is possible from anywhere , whether it ’s on the web , a mobile phone , a 3D application , or even a command line .
Realtime geodata requires realtime indexing .
For a lot of geographic content , freshness is important .
Geodata from the Google Maps Data API can be instantly indexed and made searchable in Google Maps .
Rendering geodata is better and faster with the right tools .
Through JavaScript , Flash , 3D , static images and more , we ’ll continue to provide better ways to render your content to meet platform and latency demands .
Google is launching with some sample apps :
My Maps Editor for Android allows users to create and edit personalized maps from an Android mobile phone .
Integration with the phone ’s location and camera makes it easy to document a trip with photos and text on a map .
ConnectorLocal is a service that informs users about the places where they live , work and visit by gathering trusted hyperlocal information from many sources .
Using the Google Maps Data API , ConnectorLocal makes it easy for users to import and export geodata in and out of Google Maps , and also improves their ability to have data indexed in Google Maps for searching .
My Tracksenables Android mobile phone users to record GPS tracks and view live statistics while jogging , biking , or participating in other outdoor activities .
Stored with Google Maps Data API , these tracks can be accessed , edited and shared using the My Maps feature in Google Maps .
Platial , a social mapping service for people and places , uses the Google Maps API to host geodata for community maps on both Platial and Frappr .
Geo data can get very large very quickly .
Serving it can get expensive .
This Data API will help NGOs , non-profits and developers make their data available without breaking the bank .
Google ’s goals for doing this are obvious .
If the data is on their servers they can index it easier and make it readily available to their users .
There will be concern that Google will have too much of their data , but as long as Google does not block other search engines and allows developers to remove their data I think that this will be a non-issue .
The crowd was hoping for a formal Latitude API to be announced ( knowing that they launched the hint of one at the beginning of May ) .
When I asked Lior and Steve about it we got some smiles .
I think we ’ll see some more movement in this area , but not * just * yet .
Ron Williams - Aetna
Total Compensation : $ 24,300,112
Details : Williams earned $ 24,300,112 in total compensation for 2008 , with more than half of that ( $ 13,537,365 ) coming from option awards .
He also received an additional $ 6,456,630 in stock awards to go along with his base salary of $ 1,091,764 .
Personal use of a corporate aircraft and vehicle , as well as financial planning and 401 ( k ) company matches added up to $ 101,487 for Williams .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
One of the youngest detainees held at the US detention centre in Guantanamo Bay will sue the United States for compensation , his lawyers say .
Mohammed Jawad was released and arrived in his native Afghanistan earlier this week .
His family says he was 12 at the time of his detention in 2002 .
He was in custody for seven years .
The Pentagon , however , disputes his age .
Mr Jawad had been accused of injuring two US soldiers and their interpreter by throwing a grenade at their vehicle .
Much of the case against him had been ruled inadmissible by a US military judge in 2008 .
Mr Jawad 's release was ordered last month by US District Court Judge Ellen Huvelle , who described the US government 's case against him as " an outrage " that was " riddled with holes " .
US government lawyers had said they were considering pursuing a criminal case against Mr Jawad , but no charges were filed .
US President Barack Obama has pledged to close the prison at Guantanamo Bay by January 2010 .
' Unacceptable '
Mr Jawad 's lawyers said his family would sue for compensation in US courts , but added that he needed as much financial assistance as possible in the short term .
There is no difference between being confined in Guantanamo Bay or being left out in the wild
Major Eric Montalvo
" The way forward right now is to avail the Afghanistan government and the US government of funding to help train him and get him back to normalcy , " Mr Jawad 's lawyer Major Eric Montalvo was quoted by the Associated Press news agency as saying .
" So to not give him any compensation - any way to help him back to civilisation - this is unacceptable , " Mr Montalvo told a press conference in the Afghan capital , Kabul .
" There is no difference between being confined in Guantanamo Bay or being left out in the wild without assistance , " he said .
Mr Jawad 's family say he was 12 when he was arrested in 2002 .
The Pentagon says a bone scan showed he was about 17 when taken into custody .
Mr Montalvo , a US military lawyer , says Mr Jawad , who does not have a birth certificate , was between 12 and 15 years old at the time of arrest .
" I was an innocent child when they put me in prison , " Mr Jawad told The Associated Press in an interview .
His family and lawyers say Mr Jawad was subjected to torture while in detention .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
MEMORANDUM
FO R
COM MISSI ONER
BEN -VENISTE
FROM : DANA HYDE DATE :
June
4 ,
2003
SUBJECT :
Status of NORAD / FAA Follow Up
Per our conversation today , outlined below is a brief over view of where w e stand with respect
to the
issues raised
at t he
recent aviation hearing .
As you can
see ,
we are
pursuing
information on a number of
different fronts .
I wo uld be happy to discuss these items with you in great er detail at you r convenience .
( 1 )
Questions
for the Record :
Attached ar e questions for the recor d tha t were sent t o NOR AD today .
As we discussed , most of the i ssues rais ed at the hearing will be the
subject
of team docume nt requests and intervi ews ; ou r questions for th e recor d were
therefore
purposefully
limited in some areas .
( 2 )
D oD Third
ocument
Request :
Attached
is a
draft
follow - up documen t r equest
to
th e
D efense Department , based on the hearing and the documents revi ewed thus far .
W e
intend
t o
finalize
the requ est by Friday
COB .
( 3 )
FBI Document Request :
As you know , at the hearing the FAA witnesses did not provide any detail s of what happened on
9/11
( e.g . , how m any hijackers were pu lled asi de at security , did they have box cutters , etc. ) , and instead
passed
s
al l
factual
inquiries to the FBI .
The
staff
has since r eceiv ed a briefing
from
th e
FBI s
PENTTBOM investigation ; we are in the proc ess o f
drafting
a FBI documen t request that focuses on
PENTTBOM s
investigation of the
flights
and what happened that day .
( 4 )
Secret
Service Document Request :
Attached
is our
outstanding document request
to
th e
Secr et Service that includes all docum ents relating to comm unications betwee n the USSS
an d
Andrews
A ir
Force Base .
I
have spoken
to the
Secret Service
point
of
contact
an d
we shou ld be on track to meet the June
13 ,
2003
return date .
5
Briefi ng at FAA :
Tea m 7 and Tea m 8 spe nt
four
hou rs today at t he FAA operati ons center , receiving a
briefing
from
many of the
staff
that were in the operations center o n September
I I
4
.
As part of the briefing the
staff
lis ted to the cockpit voic e transmissions
an d
viewed the radar data
from
th e
hijacked
airl iners .
W e should have a comprehensive memo on the briefing by the end of the week .
( 6 )
FAA DoD
Documents Received :
T o
date , Team
8 has
received
th e
first
installment o f documents
from
Entertainment | Restaurants & Dining | July 2008
The Irreverent Chef : Anatomy of a Sandwich
Liana Turner - PVNN
Some people think you can slap a few things between two pieces of bread , and call it a sandwich .
There is a certain order and technique required for making the perfect sandwich , and if the rules are followed , the results will prove it .
In this week 's column , we 'll take a look at the anatomy of a sliced meat sandwich .
Some people think you can slap a few things between two pieces of bread , and call it a sandwich , but some people do n't realize the importance of the subtle way that the flavors of the ingredients meet each other .
They will either look each other in the eyes and shake hands , and create a satisfying partnership , or they will just sit there and not even look at each other .
Well , do you want a friendly sandwich or an indifferent one ?
For me , the choice is easy to make .
There is a certain order and technique required for making the perfect sandwich , and if the rules are followed , the results will prove it .
Starting at the Bottom
If you want a good sandwich , you must start with good bread .
Bimbo is okay for Thursday breakfast toast and for little kids to make squishy balls with , but if you want a really good sandwich , get some decent bread from a bakery .
I like my bread sliced thin , for caloric reasons , but others do n't care and like a big fat slab .
I am just trying not to " BE " a big fat slab .
That is up to you .
The bottom piece of bread is the beginning .
This is where we put the mustard or horseradish or other strongly flavored condiments .
That is because the meat is next , and mustard and its brothers were created to hang out with meat .
Their flavors compliment each other .
The Meat
This is where Mexico and I disagree .
Most Mexican sandwiches have the meat lying there flat , even if there are two or more slices , and usually it is just one lonely , flat , thin piece .
This makes a dull and unappealing sandwich in my book .
The meat should be folded in loose piles and the pile should be a little thicker in the middle of the bread than around the edges .
Middle Ground
If it is going to be a hot sandwich and you are using cheese and onions , then the onions should go on the meat , and then the cheese .
That way the melting cheese will carry the onion flavor directly to the meat .
If it is to be a cold sandwich , the cheese can go directly onto the meat , and the onions on top of the cheese .
Next come the sliced tomatoes .
They should not be too thin , but not so thick that they make everything topple over .
Top it All Off
Then , for a cold sandwich , the lettuce is next .
After that , the mayonnaise goes on the top bread ( it goes with lettuce and tomato .
It is all making sense now . )
Serve with soup , salad , pickles , chips , or any combination of those things .
Now that 's a good sandwich !
Slice diagonally and admire before devouring .
Enjoy !
At Paradise Bakery & Catering , we make fresh sandwiches to order .
The meat changes regularly , and some options may include sautéed chicken breast or real roasted turkey or roasted pork .
Bread choices also change .
We have our own rosemary focaccia and whole wheat seed bread every day .
We are looking forward to the high season , when we can really go crazy with more sandwich options .
The Irreverent Chef , a.k.a. Liana Turner , is the chef and owner of Paradise Bakery and Catering .
Serving the " Best Cinnamon Rolls in Vallarta , " along with delicious sandwiches , salads , main dishes and yummy sweet treats every day but Sunday , and providing all styles of catering services , from pre-prepared meals to - go for informal gatherings to full service elegance for dinners , cocktail parties , wedding receptions and special events , Paradise Bakery & Catering is located at Sierra Aconcagua 299 , Prolongacion Brasil , Colonia Lazaro Cardenas , Puerto Vallarta .
For more information , call ( 322 ) 222-5133 or visit VallartaCatering.com .
Click HERE for more articles by The Irreverent Chef
Tell a Friend • Site Map • Print this Page • Email Us • Top
PHILADELPHIA --
Like many teenagers , Ari Weinstein spends his summers riding his bike and swimming .
This year , the 15 - year - old had another item on his to - do list : Foil Apple Inc. 's brightest engineers and annoy chief executive Steve Jobs .
Ari is part of a loose - knit group of hackers that has made it a mission to " jailbreak " Apple 's iPhone and iPod touch .
The term refers to installing unapproved software that lets people download a range of programs , including those not sanctioned by Apple .
Since ...
In this post we highlight some of what Malawian bloggers are writing about the country 's health care issues .
We look at bloggers describing developments in eye care , reflecting on midwifery , expressing shock over negligence in hospitals and government waste , and we end with rare good news about the HIV / AIDS epidemic .
We start with Dr. Khumbo Kalua , an eye care specialist , university professor and researcher .
Dr. Kalua informs that The University of Malawi's College of Medicine has recently introduced a graduate training program in Ophthalmology .
The number of ophthalmologists in the country has also increased , with three new ophthalmologists trained within the last two years .
One of them is Dr. Khumbo Kalua himself .
The new Minister of Health , who is also a new member of parliament , Dr. Moses Chirambo , is himself an ophthalmologist , and for many years was the only one in the whole of Malawi .
The new developments in the training program and increase in specialists are a result of a program known as Vision 2020 Right to Sight , which Malawi has been pursuing for a number of years now .
Dr. Kalua writes :
Malawi has been active in VISION 2020 activities since 2000 , and has successfully organised VISION2020 workshops for Malawi , Zambia and Zimbabwe .
Malawi completed the VISION 2020 five year Eye care plan in 2004 , and progress has been made towards achieving goals to eliminating avoidable blindness by the year 2020 in Malawi .
Based on the 3 pillars of VISION2020 , in terms of disease control , Childhood blindness was set as one of the major priorities and a Paediatric Ophthalmology unit was planned to be developed in Blantyre .
Another Malawian blogger also blogging about health care issues is Stabbily Msiska , a Malawian nurse currently studying in Norway .
Stabbie , as she addresses herself , started blogging in March this year after arriving in Norway .
Her 15 years as a midwife - nurse , she writes , have taught her about the simple , free things that matter to women whether in Malawi or in Norway :
As an experienced para 3 , i really missed the support of a midwife who could greet me and put herself in my shoes during antenatal , labour and postnatal periods .
Having travelled miles away from my home and live in this scandinavian country , i have really appriciated that there are some things that cost nothing but are important for all midwives to do in the whole world .
A smile , greetings , giving of comprehensive information , explaining procedures , respect , empathy , sympathy .
With these little non costly commodities , our hospitals will be wonderful places for women .
But health care in Malawi also presents difficult problems especially to ordinary Malawians who cannot afford expensive private doctors .
Joe Mlenga writes about a distant relation of his who recently hanged himself to escape deep financial problems he was ensnared in .
According to Mlenga , the man was still alive when people found him .
They quickly took him to the hospital , where they found nurses and other medical personnel having their dinner .
They reporterdly went on with their business of eating the evening meal as Rogers lay in poor condition .
By the time the medical staff had finished enjoying dinner and started to check on Rogers , he was no more .
Sadly , Joes writes , such stories of negligence are not uncommon in Malawian hospitals , as per an incident he personally witnessed .
On one occasion I personally saw a mother holding a very ill young son rush into the hall of the referall hospital in Blantyre , QECH , to alert medics about the need for a trolley or a wheel - chair .
Nobody seemed to care and the woman ended up handling the trolley herself … she was later assisted by a minibus conductor whose vehicle had kindly agreed to make a diversion to the hospital !
Another blogger , Kondwani Munthali , expresses his frustration with a Government plan to study the feasibility of turning an old ship on Lake Malawi , the MV Chancy Maples , into a mobile hospital .
According to Munthali , the idea has been proposed by some Scottish donors , who want the Malawi government to pay for the study at a cost of MK50,000,000 ( US $ 357,143 ) .
As much as I have respect for the Ministry officials K50 million can do a lot .
Train at least 10 doctors , 200 medical assistance and 100 Nurses .
Or better still can equip Lifuwu Hospital with drugs for five months .
How we lay our priorities should reflect the poverty and needs of Malawians .
I find it very sick to spend over US $ 300,000 to conduct a feasibility study of a ship and may be another US1 million to rehabilitate and equip a vessel when there many urgent needs including a need for a cancer machine .
This sickness mr. president should be stopped .
Save the lives of the poor first and let the Scots pay for their own pet projects without invloving the poor .
How many people will the mobile hospital on the lake serve , how much will it cost to operate and how will it generate sustainance income .
In the end we will spend more on maintaining this odl vessle over peoples lives .
The plight of the health industry in Malawi is making one blogger skeptical of the entire image Malawi is building about its economic gains in the last few years .
Alick Nyasulu , an economist , raises questions about the much - touted economic growth Malawi is said to be experiencing .
He argues that the economic growth is not benefiting ordinary people , especially the poor , as indicated by socio- economic ills which appear to be on the rise , including cases of armed robbery and domestic abuse .
He particularly cites problems in health care as evidence .
An emergency case in Ntchenachena , Chididi and Mposa are a death sentence though the economy is growing .
Their is a health and education crisis in this country .
Rich folks go to those elite facilities to access health services and education for their families .
I am not being jealousy wish for the riches .
Over 80 per cent of Malawi ’s population lives in rural areas whose health centres are often manned by an enrolled nurse without adequate medication .
Distances to such facilities plus the state of rural roads complicate the situation .
I am not being sadistic but to say that health services are equally bad as education especially in the rural areas .
Unfortunately , this is where the majority of our people live and resigned to a life that offers no hope and future .
For Mzati Nkolokosa , HIV / AIDS is still on the rampage , but there is light at the end of tunnel .
He starts with the devastation the epidemic has caused :
I have lost friends and relatives to AIDS .
This condition has devastated us .
AIDS has killed professionals who will never be replaced .
Those of us with some knowledge of the University of Malawi understand that AIDS has devastated the education sector .
As students we could see a professor losing weight , his hair becoming pale , missing classes , or a course being missed by students because a professor ( the only one who can teach that course in Malawi ) , is not well .
Hard times .
In my village in Liwonde , people with money are gone .
Business men who were flourishing in late 1980s and early 1990s , are all gone .
He ends on a positive note :
With more and more people toting around laptops and netbooks , the market for third - party notebook sleeves and cases has heated up .
However , as many of us already know , those offerings can sometimes be hit or miss — laptop sleeves can be ugly , expensive , or both .
So why not show off how much of a unique snowflake you are by using something unconventional and creative ?
Making your own stuff has always been a popular pastime among the geek crowd , but DIY projects have taken off especially well in the last couple of years .
Here , we 'll show you how to make your own laptop sleeve for any size notebook .
All you need is some interesting fabric , a needle and thread , and a little bit of time .
For the purposes of this tutorial , we are using a sewing machine , which you may also have ( do n't be bashful , guys — we here at Ars already know that many of you either have your own or have access to one .
And trust us , it makes things much faster , so just give it a shot ) .
If you do n't have access to a machine , do n't worry — there are no fancy stitches involved and all you need to be able to do is sew a straight stitch with a needle and thread .
If you need help with that , check out this YouTube video before starting .
What you need :
Half yard ( or so ) of outer sleeve fabric
Half yard of lining fabric
Thread ( preferably in a matching or complementary color , but it can be any color you want )
Your laptop measurements
Optional :
Sew - on or glue / iron - on velcro , or a button
Getting started
If you do n't trust your measurement skills to grab your laptop 's dimensions , you can cheat by going to the product page ( in my case , the MacBook Air tech specs page ) to find the exact numbers .
This can obviously be applied to anything you want to make a sleeve for : be it a phone , camera , or netbook .
Take the thickness and split it in half , and then add that number to both the length and width of the rectangle .
So , for example , if your laptop is 15 " x 9 " x 1 " , your rectangle measurements are now 15.5 " x 9.5 " .
Then add on a half inch to every side — this is called your " seam allowance " where you 'll be sewing .
Now your measurements are 16.5 " x 10.5 " .
If you 're using a notebook like mine with not - very - ruler - friendly measurements , just round up to the nearest eighth of an inch or so for some additional wiggle room .
Cut your rectangles out of your outer fabric as well as your lining .
Make sure to cut two of each ( if you fold over your fabric before you cut it , you 'll only have to cut once ) .
From now on , we 'll be referring to the side that you want displayed as the " right side " and the inner / ugly side of the fabric as the " wrong side . "
This applies to both the outer and lining fabrics .
Repeat that process for the lining fabric , but leave a gap at the bottom a couple inches wide .
This is for turning everything right side out , and you 'll sew it up by hand later .
Turn the lining fabric right side out and position it inside the outer fabric , which is still right side in .
This will result in the right sides of the outer and lining fabrics facing each other , or the wrong sides both facing out .
Make sure the top edges are lined up ( you 'll probably want to pin this time ) and sew them together all the way around , a half inch from the top .
Now you have a laptop sleeve that is entirely inside out .
How do you make it right side out ?
Through that hole you left in the lining , of course .
Reach in there and begin pulling your outer fabric through the hole until the whole thing comes through and the lining turns right side out as well .
Then tuck the lining inside of the outer fabric .
You 'll probably want to press it so it does n't look so wrinkly .
Finishing touches
You 'll need to close up that hole before using the sleeve , so we suggest doing that with what 's called a " slip stitch . "
Basically , this means you 're sewing the two sides together from the right side , but without the thread showing when you 're finished .
This is one of the better YouTube videos I 've found to demonstrate this stitch , although it 's not exactly how I do it .
Since you 're not hemming something , you can grab more than a few threads ( like this person is doing ) when sewing the two sides together , and make sure your stitches are close enough together so that there 's not much of a gap .
Do this across the length of the hole .
If you 'd like , you can now top stitch the upper edge of the sleeve so that the lining is more securely in place on the inside .
This means you 'll be sewing a visible line around the top of your laptop sleeve ; some people like to do a double top stitch for decorative purposes .
If you have a machine with special stitches , you could even use those for decoration if you want .
Bear in mind that you 'll be sewing through several layers of fabric at this point , so trying to get too fancy might result in some knotted threads .
If all you need is a basic laptop sleeve , you 're done !
Some people like to use pre-quilted fabric ( that you can find at many basic fabric stores , like JoAnn's ) to add a little bit of padding to either the outer fabric or the lining , or they sometimes add a very thin layer of batting ( that puffy stuff that goes inside of quilts ) to the wrong side of the fabric before attaching it to the lining .
Optional flap
Some people like that little strap that comes over the top of laptop sleeves in order to keep the contents inside secure .
If you want to add one , do this before you sew the outer fabric and the lining together .
Cut two identical rectangles about 3.5 inches wide and maybe 6 inches long ( you can experiment with this to get the best shape and size ) .
Put the pieces right sides together and sew around three of the edges , leaving one of the short ends open .
Turn the flap right side out and press / iron .
You can also top stitch the outer edges if you 'd like .
Wedge the flap upside down in between the outer fabric and the lining , with the raw edge just sticking out the top so you can see it .
Pin it so it stays secure , and then sew around the top edge of the entire thing as instructed earlier .
Once you turn the whole thing right side out , your flap will be sticking out one side at the top .
You can now either sew or glue on velcro to both the strap and where it will attach on the other side of the sleeve .
( I could n't find my velcro , so I just used a button . )
Now , go enjoy your homemade laptop sleeve and impress your family and friends by making some for them , too .
A Bornean orangutan uses leaves stripped from a twig to alter the frequency of its kiss squeak call , which it makes when it feels threatened .
The evidence is mounting that culture is n't something unique to us humans : Orangutans in Borneo have developed and passed along a way to make a useful , improvised instrument , researchers report .
When in a tight situation , the orangutans will strip the leaves off a twig and make a crude musical instrument to alter the calls they use to ward off predators — not exactly a Stradivarius , but it seems to get the job done .
Several animals , particularly our primate cousins , have been found to use tools to aid in efforts such as foraging for food , a sign of culture , specifically the transmission of knowledge .
This new finding marks the first time an animal has been known to use a tool to help it communicate , say the scientists who studied the behavior .
Kiss squeak
Wild Bornean orangutans ( Pongo pygmaeus wurmbii ) emit a particular call known as a kiss squeak — a sharp intake of air through pursed lips that makes a kissing sound .
Orangutans make this noise when they feel threatened , for example , when they fear a predator — such as a snake , clouded leopard , tiger or human — most likely to ward the predator off and not as a distress call .
( Orangutans are somewhat solitary and it would take too long for the next nearest orangutan to respond . )
Kiss squeaks come in three different forms : unaided ( lips only ) ; with the hand in front of the lips ; and with leaves in front of the lips .
The leaves are stripped off a twig and held in a bundle in front of the orangutan 's mouth while the animal makes the kiss squeak .
When scientists first observed this behavior , they were n't sure exactly why the orangutans used the leaves .
The new study suggests that the tool lowers the frequency of the kiss squeak , making the orangutan producing the call sound bigger to their potential predator .
Frequency and size
The bigger an orangutan is , the lower the frequency of its unaided kiss squeak , for physiological reasons , said study team member Madeleine Hardus of the University of Utrect in the Netherlands .
So when smaller orangutans clasp their hand or a bunch of leaves to their mouth , they 're likely doing it to artificially lower the frequency of their call and make themselves sound bigger .
Merely sounding bigger might do the trick to scare off a predator , because the jungles where the orangutans live are thick , which makes it difficult for the predator to actually see the primate and visually size them up .
The researchers recorded the leaf - altered kiss squeaks while they were observing orangutans who were not habituated to humans .
{{ video = " LS_090805_orang -tool " title= " Orangutans ' Leafy Instrument " caption =
" An orangutan strips leaves from a twig and holds them to its mouth to produce the kiss squeak call . "
}}
Whether or not the improvised instruments actually ward off predators is n't known , " because it is extremely rare to experience an attack or to see a predator around orangutans , " Hardus wrote in an e-mail to LiveScience .
Hardus and her colleagues think the aided kiss squeaks are evidence of culture in orangutans , because they are only seen in certain populations , versus unaided kiss squeaks , which are seen across populations .
The team 's findings are detailed in the Aug. 5 online edition of the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B .
With more observations , Hardus thinks this wo n't be the last evidence of culture in primates that scientists find .
" I am absolutely sure we will find other forms of culture in orangutans and other primates , " Hardus said .
" After decades of studying them , they keep on surprising us . "
Jaswant may be right or wrong about Jinnah but the BJP ’s intolerance towards different interpretations of the past compromises its future and the country ’s as well .
At the best of times , the Bharatiya Janata Party ’s line and manner of comportment has borne scant resemblance to the norms of democracy .
But for India ’s principal opposition party to expel one of its seniormost leaders for nothing more than having written a book establishes a new low in our political discourse .
Jaswant Singh ’s expulsion and the Gujarat government ’s shocking decision to ban his book , Jinnah : India , Partition , Independence , have revealed the undemocratic core of the BJP ’s politics and diminished the stature of Indian democracy as well .
That the book is a work of historical analysis pertaining to events which occurred more than 60 years ago and not a critique of the BJP ’s policies or ideology is symptomatic of both Hindutva ’s own authoritarianism and the new intolerance that is permeating every aspect of social and political life in India .
That the book has almost certainly not been read in its entirety or even partially by all or even some of the BJP leaders who voted unanimously to expel Mr. Singh is testimony to the mob mentality which prevails at the highest levels of the party .
Seventeen years ago , the party took part in the demolition of an ancient mosque in Ayodhya .
Today , it is taking its political vandalism one step further , into the realm of ideas , by declaring as heretical — and even criminal — the writing of history that does not conform to its own narrow views .
To be sure , the malignancy of intolerance runs deeper in our body politic than most of us would like to admit .
If Chief Minister Narendra Modi is able to ban a book simply because it allegedly contains “ objectionable remarks ” against Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel and reaches “ whimsical conclusions ” about the Freedom movement , this is because other parties and other state governments have banned works of history on grounds that were equally capricious .
In 2004 , the Congress - NCP coalition in Maharashtra imposed a ban on James Laine ’s scholarly biography of Shivaji .
This after goons , who obviously had the protection of the state establishment , had vandalised the Bhandarkar Oriential Research Institute in Pune where Professor Laine had done some of his research .
Elsewhere in India , uber - regionalists , hyper- nationalists and religious fanatics pose as self - appointed guardians of literary , historical or religious icons and threaten violence on authors , playrights , actors , artists , poets and musicians who do not conform to their hagiographic standards .
The slightest deviation from the norm in representation or analysis is treated as blasphemy , defamation .
And , in the absence of the rule of law being properly enforced , writers and cultural workers are forced to appease their extremist detractors .
The first BJP leader to fall foul of the lakshman rekha of independent thought was , ironically , L.K. Advani .
In 2005 , he was attacked for painting a picture of the founder of Pakistan that contained shades of grey rather than the usual black and white .
Under pressure from the RSS , Mr. Advani was forced to backtrack , moving a political resolution on Jinnah that effectively recanted his earlier characterisation of the Muslim League leader as ‘ secular ’ .
Today , his back to the wall for having led the BJP into electoral defeat twice in a row , Mr. Advani is in no mood to provide succour to Mr. Singh .
When hands went up in Shimla to expel his intellectual fellow - traveller , the BJP ’s Prime Minister - in waiting dutifully joined in .
If revolutions are said to devour their children , counter - revolutions sometimes end up consuming their prophets .
Of course one can fault Mr. Singh for being a willing part of the politics of intolerance all these years .
Perhaps he did not realise in 1992 that the clubs which rose to obliterate a part of Indian history would one day be raised against the very idea that there could be multiple histories .
Perhaps he did not foresee then that those who destroy mosques are equally capable of banning books .
The Jaswant Singh affair is first and foremost an oracle for the atrocious state of affairs in the BJP but it also forces us to ask : Can Indian democracy survive without the freedom to think and write ?
Can it flourish without the right to question and interrogate received wisdom ?
Can it be vibrant without being able to take irony , humour , irreverence and even a bit of disrespect in its stride ?
The individual fate of Mr. Singh need not detain us here but the manner and basis for his expulsion will further circumscribe the arena for debate and discussion within and between political parties .
And if the Gujarat government ’s ban on his book is allowed to prevail , it will have a chilling effect on a wide range of academic and cultural endeavours across the country .
A comic or two ... [ Jun. 5th , 2009 | 01:12 pm ] bryantpaul
Now that I 've purged the need to write about iced coffee at length , here are a couple of comics for your reading pleasure .
Hulu 's reach as a video platform keeps growing , now reaching more video viewers than the second biggest U.S. cable company .
In July , some 38 million people watched a video on Hulu , according to comScore .
Meanwhile , we estimate that Comcast has approximately 62 million viewers , while Time Warner Cable has 34 million .
( To calculate cable viewers , we multiplied their end - of - June video subscribers by 2.59 , the U.S. Census Bureau 's most recent stat for average persons per household . )
What does this mean ?
Not much , yet .
Obviously , cable companies are still bringing in vastly more revenue than Hulu , and remain more important to the networks whose shows appear on either platform .
But Hulu is increasingly making a strong case that it could be the video platform for the future -- if it can ever create nearly as much revenue for content producers as cable companies do today .
Follow the Chart Of The Day on Twitter : www.twitter.com/chartoftheday
Get This Delivered To Your Inbox
You can get this dropped in your inbox every afternoon as The Chart Of The Day .
It 's a simple .
It 's convenient .
It 's free .
All we need is your email address ( though we 'd love your name and state , too , if you 're willing to share it ) .
Sign up below !
A new printable battery that can be produced cost - effectively on a large scale has been developed by a research team led by Prof.
Dr. Reinhard Baumann of the Fraunhofer Research Institution for Electronic Nano Systems ENAS in Chemnitz together with colleagues from TU Chemnitz and Menippos GmbH .
Like your t- shirt , the batteries are printed using a silk - screen method .
They are also different from conventional batteries in that these printable versions weigh less than one gram , are less than a millimeter thick and can even be integrated into bank cards .
The battery contains no mercury and is in this respect environmentally friendly .
Its voltage is 1.5 V , which lies within the normal range .
By placing several batteries in a row , voltages of 3 V , 4.5 V and 6 V can also be achieved .
The new type of battery is composed of different layers : a zinc anode and a manganese cathode , among others .
Zinc and manganese react with one another and produce electricity .
However , the anode and the cathode layer dissipate gradually during this chemical process .
New Fraunhofer battery comes out of the printer and can be applied to flexible substrates .
Credit : Fraunhofer ENASTherefore , the battery is suitable for applications which have a limited life span or a limited power requirement , for instance greeting cards .
" Our goal is to be able to mass produce the batteries at a price of single digit cent range each , " states Dr. Andreas Willert , group manager at ENAS .
To make them , a kind of rubber lip presses the printing paste through a screen onto the substrate .
A template covers the areas that are not to be printed on .
Through this process it is possible to apply comparatively large quantities of printing paste , and the individual layers are slightly thicker than a hair .
The researchers have already produced the batteries on a laboratory scale .
At the end of this year , the first products could possibly be finished .
WARSAW 
Two dozen homeless men are building a ship to sail themselves around the world at the St. Lazarus Social Pension here , in the yard of a former tractor factory .
Sparks fly from the rusty 55 - foot hull as they weld it into form , even after losing the priest who led and inspired the mission .
These men with sharply lined faces and blurry , old tattoos have set out to prove their seaworthiness , and to prove that they have some value to society , even if society has largely written them off .
“ Some people smack themselves in the head when they hear , and probably think we ’re crazy , ” said Slawomir Michalski , 51 , who was a welder in the famous Lenin Shipyards in Gdansk and joined the strike led by Lech Walesa in 1980 that helped shake the foundation of Communist rule in Poland and the entire Soviet bloc .
It was a singular moment in Polish history and one that adds resonance to tales of shipbuilding here .
But their story strikes deeper chords because , for all the modern tools in the building and corporate sponsors providing the raw materials , their endeavor echoes mythic themes of escape , adventure and redemption that can seem out of reach in a world of biometric identity cards and debt - collection agencies .
Due to the army 's habit of interfering in politics , retired and serving officers run much of Pakistan 's industry and own property empires , living in luxurious villas and enjoying agreeable social lives that do not prepare them for the rigours of guerrilla war .
They fight the Taliban in the only way they know how – with air strikes , artillery bombardments and tank attacks , pounding their enemy from a distance , fearful of getting close enough to be struck by suicide bombers .
Update : Der Strobl scheint überhaupt ein echter Unsympath zu sein .
Dem ehemaligen Nachrichtenmagazin sagte er :
Zumindest auf den Vorsitzenden des Wahlprüfungsausschusses sollte man sich in diesem Punkt besser nicht verlassen : " Ich bin als Abgeordneter nicht dazu da , zu kontrollieren , ob die Exekutive ihre Arbeit richtig macht " , gab Strobl nach dem Urteil zu Protokoll .
Denn ja , Strobl ist auch Vorsitzender des Wahlprüfungsausschusses .
Ja , die , die Bedenken an den Wahlcomputern weggewischt hatten damals .
For some people , there ’s always room to make their pets even cuter .
Hence the fascination with pet costumes , an apparently popular way to add a little spice to the look of pet dogs , cats , guinea pigs , rabbits and even monkeys .
At least with pets , as opposed to kids , there ’s no worry about getting any static about the clothes you ’re forcing them to wear .
From the highly creative to the absurd , you may be a bit surprised by some of the pet costumes below .
But hey , it ’s all in good fun , right ?
Being Man ’s Best Friend Apparently Is n’t Enough
Just as there are many breeds to choose from when seeking a man ’s best friend for a pet , there are many costumes to take your dog from ordinary to extraordinary .
You may already think your dog is a superstar , but now the proof is in the pudding .
If dressing up your dog as Darth Vader or Superman is n’t to your liking , you can always dress it up as a wannabe baller ( dogs can do more than stupid pet tricks ) .
But how do you think this small pooch feels about his costume ?
Guess , it ’s better than peeping out of a purse all day , a la Paris Hilton ’s poor pup .
The Many Lives ( and Looks ) of the Domesticated Cat
Cats have been known for having nine lives , but apparently they have many alter egos as well .
For some reason , some cat owners seem fascinated with making their cats something they ’re not – that is a frog or a dinosaur .
While some of these owners ca n’t be Harry Potter or Little Red Riding Hood , their cats can .
While you may have never been able to play the guitar , that does n’t mean your cat ca n ’t .
What do you think of this cool cat rocking the southpaw ax ?
And it does n’t even seem that horrified .
Coming Soon to a Mall near You : Guinea Pig Gap
Did you know that a Peruvian festival celebrates the guinea pig in several unique ways ?
Some guinea pigs are dressed up in elaborately crafted costumes while others are eaten as a delicacy at this festival .
Kind of defeats the purpose , one would guess ?
Back in the United States , one guinea pig seems disappointed about being a bumble bee for Halloween , while another looks like it would make a wonderful maid .
Here ’s a couple of interesting questions : how much time does it take to make these guinea pig clothes and how do people get these costumes on these little buggers ?
Silly Rabbits : Kicks are for Kids
Not all rabbits are candy , fun and games like the Easter Bunny , Bugs Bunny and the crazy Trix rabbit .
These two guys are trying to overcome these stereotypes from their famous predecessors by showing off another side : that is one of seriousness and all business .
Oh wait .
Looks like this fella on the right is literally a Playboy Bunny .
Apparently you can’t teach an old bunny new tricks .
Monkey Business
And Rodney Dangerfield thought he got no respect ?
Poor monkeys and chimpanzees .
Always the butt of the joke .
Ah , who are we kidding ?
Even when this guy on the left tries to look seroius , it ca n’t be taken seriously .
Cheer up bud .
At least you ’re not the as ridiculously dressed as the two next to you .
Opinion Europe Must Reaffirm Its Space Ambitions
The US and Russia spend billions on their space programs , and China and India are following suit .
Only Europe is in danger of being left behind .
In a guest op - ed piece for SPIEGEL ONLINE , EADS CEO Louis Gallois argues that , 40 years after humanity first set foot on the moon , Europeans need a new vision .
Von Louis Gallois
Any kind of soup is always welcomed in our kitchen and this Lentil and Bulgur Soup just came out on a freezing day when we were craving something to warm us up !
Can you think of anything better than a soup when you do n’t want to leave even your bed because you have warmed it up all night ?
This soup will definitely help you adapt the cold weather easier as soon as you feel its tempting smell filling your home .
We have hundreds of soups in Turkish cuisine and we love to use lentils , rice or bulgur in them .
This is not a very common one , but a favorite one in my family .
I remember granny would make this even for breakfast and the whole family would enjoy it in snowy mornings .
A perfect start for a cold day !
Have you ever tried having breakfast with a soup ?
It is another Turkish style breakfast .
You must give it a try !
It looks like the weather in Eskisehir is going to be colder than it was last year , so I feel it will be wise to get armed with comforting soups not to get a cold .
Our all - time favorite soup is Orzo Soup with Tomato Sauce , and we make it almost everyday in winter .
We try different soups when we want a change though .
And we sometimes add lentils to make our soup even more nutritious .
I just remembered granny ’s soup a few days ago when I saw the jars of bulgur and lentils next to each other in the cupboard .
I was TEMPTED by the memories , I could even feel the smell of granny ’s lentil and bulgur soup .
Oh my !
How come I never made it before ?
Lentils and bulgur match perfectly in this soup and they maket he soup heartwarming and filling , so you can have it as your main course too .
I love to use dried mint in such red soups and this one is not an exception .
I can die for the smell coming out when I saute pepper paste and tomato paste with dried mint in olive oil !
I used the Tomato Paste we made in summer , so this soup has a summery flavor inside .
I used a little chili and a generous amount of dried mint in lentil and bulgur soup , but you can add more spices to it like cumin , basil and black pepper .
If you want a soup even more nutritious than this , you should see Kalyn ’s Lentil Soup Recipe with Ground Beef and Brown Rice .
Print
The passionate support for Israel expressed on talkback and comment sections of websites , internet chat forums , blogs , Twitter and Facebook may not be all that it seems .
Israel ’s foreign ministry is reported to be establishing a special undercover team of paid workers whose job it will be to surf the internet 24 hours a day spreading positive news about Israel .
Internet - savvy Israeli youngsters , mainly recent graduates and demobilized soldiers with language skills , are being recruited to pose as ordinary surfers while they provide the government ’s line on the Middle East conflict .
“ To all intents and purposes the internet is a theater in the Israeli - Palestinian conflict , and we must be active in that theatre , otherwise we will lose , ” said Ilan Shturman , who is responsible for the project .
The existence of an “ internet warfare team ” came to light when it was included in this year ’s foreign ministry budget .
About $ 150,000 has been set aside for the first stage of development , with increased funding expected next year .
The team will fall under the authority of a large department already dealing with what Israelis term “ hasbara , ” officially translated as “ public explanation ” but more usually meaning propaganda .
That includes not only government public relations work but more secretive dealings the ministry has with a battery of private organizations and initiatives that promote Israel ’s image in print , on TV and online .
In an interview this month with the Calcalist , an Israeli business newspaper , Shturman , the deputy director of the ministry ’s hasbara department , admitted his team would be working undercover .
“ Our people will not say : ‘ Hello , I am from the hasbara department of the Israeli foreign ministry and I want to tell you the following . ’
Nor will they necessarily identify themselves as Israelis , ” he said .
“ They will speak as net - surfers and as citizens , and will write responses that will look personal but will be based on a prepared list of messages that the foreign ministry developed . ”
Rona Kuperboim , a columnist for Ynet , Israel ’s most popular news website , denounced the initiative , saying it indicated that Israel had become a “ thought - police state . ”
She added that “ good PR cannot make the reality in the occupied territories prettier .
Children are being killed , homes are being bombed , and families are starved . ”
Her column was greeted by several talkbackers asking how they could apply for a job with the foreign ministry ’s team .
The project is a formalization of public relations practices the ministry developed specifically for Israel ’s assault on Gaza in December and January .
“ During Operation Cast Lead we appealed to Jewish communities abroad and with their help we recruited a few thousand volunteers , who were joined by Israeli volunteers , ” Shturman said .
“ We gave them background material and hasbara material , and we sent them to represent the Israeli point of view on news websites and in polls on the internet . ”
The Israeli army also had one of the most popular sites on the video - sharing site YouTube and regularly uploaded clips , although it was criticized by human rights groups for misleading viewers about what was shown in its footage .
Shturman said that during the war the ministry had concentrated its activities on European websites where audiences were more hostile to Israeli policy .
High on its list of target sites for the new project would be BBC Online and Arabic websites , he added .
Elon Gilad , who heads the internet team , told Calcalist that many people had contacted the ministry offering their services during the Gaza attack .
“ People just asked for information , and afterwards we saw that the information was distributed all over the internet . ”
He suggested that there had been widespread government cooperation , with the ministry of absorption handing over contact details for hundreds of recent immigrants to Israel , who wrote pro-Israel material for websites in their native languages .
The new team is expected to increase the ministry ’s close coordination with a private advocacy group , giyus.org ( Give Israel Your United Support ) .
About 50,000 activists are reported to have downloaded a program called Megaphone that sends an alert to their computers when an article critical of Israel is published .
They are then supposed to bombard the site with comments supporting Israel .
Nasser Rego of Ilam , a group based in Nazareth that monitors the Israeli media , said Arab organizations in Israel were among those regularly targeted by hasbara groups for “ character assassination . ”
He was concerned the new team would try to make such work appear more professional and convincing .
“ If these people are misrepresenting who they are , we can guess they wo n’t worry too much about misrepresenting the groups and individuals they write about .
Their aim , it ’s clear , will be to discredit those who stand for human rights and justice for the Palestinians . ”
When this reporter called the foreign ministry , Yigal Palmor , a spokesman , denied the existence of the internet team , though he admitted officials were stepping up exploitation of new media .
He declined to say which comments by Shturman or Gilad had been misrepresented by the Hebrew - language media , and said the ministry would not be taking any action over the reports .
Israel has developed an increasingly sophisticated approach to new media since it launched a “ Brand Israel ” campaign in 2005 .
Market research persuaded officials that Israel should play up good news about business success , and scientific and medical breakthroughs involving Israelis .
Shturman said his staff would seek to use websites to improve “ Israel ’s image as a developed state that contributes to the quality of the environment and to humanity . ”
David Saranga , head of public relations at Israel ’s consulate - general in New York , which has been leading the push for more upbeat messages about Israel , argued last week that Israel was at a disadvantage against pro-Palestinian advocacy .
“ Unlike the Muslim world , which has hundreds of millions of supporters who have adopted the Palestinian narrative in order to slam Israel , the Jewish world numbers only 13 million , ” he wrote in Ynet .
Israel has become particularly concerned that support is ebbing among the younger generations in Europe and the United States .
In 2007 it emerged that the foreign ministry was behind a photo - shoot published in Maxim , a popular US men ’s magazine , in which female Israeli soldiers posed in swimsuits .
Jonathan Cook is a writer and journalist based in Nazareth , Israel .
His latest books are Israel and the Clash of Civilisations : Iraq , Iran and the Plan to Remake the Middle East ( Pluto Press ) and Disappearing Palestine : Israel ’s Experiments in Human Despair ( Zed Books ) .
His website is www.jkcook.net.
A version of this article originally appeared in The National , published in Abu Dhabi .
Related Links
Compilation of some incredible moments in the history of visual effects , from silent films to recent blockbusters .
The movies included in this clip span over 100 years of cinema history : * 1900 - The Enchanted Drawing * 1903 - The Great Train Robbery * 1923 - The Ten Commandments ( Silent ) * 1927 - Sunrise * 1933 - King Kong * 1939 - The Wizard of Oz* 1940 - The Thief of Baghdad * 1954 - 20,000 Leagues Under the Sea* 1956 - Forbidden Planet * 1963 - Jason and the Argonauts * 1964 - Mary Poppins * 1977 - Star Wars * 1982 - Tron* 1985 - Back to the Future * 1988 - Who Framed Roger Rabbit * 1989 - The Abyss * 1991 - Terminator 2 : Judgment Day * 1992 - The Young Indiana Jones Chronicles * 1993 - Jurassic Park * 2004 - Spider - Man 2 * 2005 - King Kong * 2006 - Pirates of the Caribbean : Dead Man's Chest * 2007 - Pirates of the Caribbean : At World 's End * 2007 - The Golden Compass * 2008 - The Spiderwick Chronicles * 2008 - The Curious Case of Benjamin Button
I ca n’t stand atheists -- but it ’s not because they do n’t believe in God .
It ’s because they ’re crashing bores .
Other people , most recently the British cultural critic Terry Eagleton in his new book , “ Faith , Reason , and Revolution , ” take to task such superstar nonbelievers as Oxford biologist Richard Dawkins ( “ The God Delusion ” ) and political journalist Christopher Hitchens ( “ God Is Not Great ” ) for indulging in a philosophically primitive opposition of faith and reason that assumes that if science can’t prove something , it does n’t exist .
My problem with atheists is their tiresome -- and way old -- insistence that they are being oppressed and their fixation with the fine points of Christianity .
What -- did their Sunday school teachers flog their behinds with a Bible when they were kids ?
Read Dawkins , or Hitchens , or the works of fellow atheists Sam Harris ( “ The End of Faith ” ) and Daniel Dennett ( “ Breaking the Spell ” ) , or visit an atheist website or blog ( there are zillions of them , bearing such titles as “ God Is for Suckers , ” “ God Is Imaginary ” and “ God Is Pretend ” ) , and your eyes will glaze over as you peruse -- again and again -- the obsessively tiny range of topics around which atheists circle like water in a drain .
Advertisement
First off , there ’s atheist victimology : Boohoo , everybody hates us ‘ cuz we do n’t believe in God .
Although a recent Pew Forum survey on religion found that 16 % of Americans describe themselves as religiously unaffiliated , only 1.6 % call themselves atheists , with another 2.4 % weighing in as agnostics ( a group despised as wishy - washy by atheists ) .
You or I might attribute the low numbers to atheists ’ failure to win converts to their unbelief , but atheists say the problem is persecution so relentless that it drives tens of millions of God-deniers into a closet of feigned faith , like gays before Stonewall .
In his online “ Atheist Manifesto , ” Harris writes that “ no person , whatever his or her qualifications , can seek public office in the United States without pretending to be certain that ... God exists . ”
The evidence ?
Antique clauses in the constitutions of six -- count ‘ em -- states barring atheists from office .
The U.S. Supreme Court ruled such provisions unenforceable nearly 50 years ago , but that does n’t stop atheists from bewailing that they have to hide their Godlessness from friends , relatives , employers and potential dates .
One representative of the pity - poor - me school of atheism , Kathleen Goodman , writing in January for the Chronicle of Higher Education , went so far as to promote affirmative action for atheists on college campuses : specially designated , college - subsidized “ safe spaces ” for them to express their views .
Maybe atheists would n’t be so unpopular if they stopped beating the drum until the hide splits on their second - favorite topic :
How stupid people are who believe in God .
This is a favorite Dawkins theme .
In a recent interview with Trina Hoaks , the atheist blogger for the Examiner.com website , Dawkins described religious believers as follows : “ They feel uneducated , which they are ; often rather stupid , which they are ; inferior , which they are ; and paranoid about pointy - headed intellectuals from the East Coast looking down on them , which , with some justification , they do . ”
Thanks , Richard !
Advertisement
Dennett likes to call atheists “ the Brights , ” in contrast to everybody else , who obviously are n’t so bright .
In a 2006 essay describing his brush with death after a heart operation , Dennett wrote these thoughts about his religious friends who told him they were praying for his recovery : “ Thanks , I appreciate it , but did you also sacrifice a goat ? ”
With friends like Daniel Dennett , you do n’t need enemies .
Then there ’s P.Z. Myers , biology professor at the University of Minnesota ’s Morris campus , whose blog , Pharyngula , is supposedly about Myers ’ field , evolutionary biology , but is actually about his fanatical propensity to label religious believers as “ idiots , ” “ morons , ” “ loony ” or “ imbecilic ” in nearly every post .
The university deactivated its link to Myers ’ blog in July after he posted a photo of a consecrated host from a Mass that he had pierced with a rusty nail and thrown into the garbage ( “ I hope Jesus ’ tetanus shots are up to date ” ) in an effort to prove that Catholicism is bunk -- or something .
Myers ’ blog exemplifies atheists ’ frenzied fascination with Christianity and the Bible .
Atheist website after atheist website insists that Jesus either did n’t exist or “ was a jerk ” ( in the words of one blogger ) because he did n’t eliminate smallpox or world poverty .
At the American Atheists website , a writer complains that God “ set up ” Adam and Eve , knowing in advance that they would eat the forbidden fruit .
A blogger on A Is for Atheist has been going through the Bible chapter by chapter and verse by verse in order to prove its “ insanity ” ( he or she had gotten up to the Book of Joshua when I last looked ) .
Another topic that atheists beat like the hammer on the anvil in the old Anacin commercials is Darwinism versus creationism .
Maybe Darwin - o- mania stems from the fact that this year marks the bicentennial of Charles Darwin ’s birth in 1809 , but have n’t atheists heard that many religious people ( including the late Pope John Paul II ) do n’t have a problem with evolution but , rather , regard it as God ’s way of letting his living creation unfold ?
Furthermore , even if human nature as we know it is a matter of lucky adaptations , how exactly does that disprove the existence of God ?
Advertisement
And then there ’s the question of why atheists are so intent on trying to prove that God not only does n’t exist but is evil to boot .
Dawkins , writing in “ The God Delusion , ” accuses the deity of being a “ petty , unjust , unforgiving control freak ” as well as a “ misogynistic , homophobic , racist ... bully . ”
If there is no God -- and you ’d be way beyond stupid to think differently -- why does it matter whether he ’s good or evil ?
The problem with atheists -- and what makes them such excruciating snoozes -- is that few of them are interested in making serious metaphysical or epistemological arguments against God ’s existence , or in taking on the serious arguments that theologians have made attempting to reconcile , say , God ’s omniscience with free will or God ’s goodness with human suffering .
Atheists seem to assume that the whole idea of God is a ridiculous absurdity , the “ flying spaghetti monster ” of atheists ’ typically lame jokes .
They think that lobbing a few Gaza - style rockets accusing God of failing to create a world more to their liking ( “ If there ’s a God , why are n’t I rich ? ”
“ If there ’s a God , why did n’t he give me two heads so I could sleep with one head while I get some work done with the other ? ” ) will suffice to knock down the entire edifice of belief .
What primarily seems to motivate atheists is n’t rationalism but anger -- anger that the world is n’t perfect , that someone forced them to go to church as children , that the Bible contains apparent contradictions , that human beings can be hypocrites and commit crimes in the name of faith .
The vitriol is extraordinary .
Hitchens thinks that “ religion spoils everything . ”
Dawkins contends that raising one ’s offspring in one ’s religion constitutes child abuse .
Harris argues that it “ may be ethical to kill people ” on the basis of their beliefs .
The perennial atheist litigant Michael Newdow sued ( unsuccessfully ) to bar President Obama from uttering the words “ so help me God ” when he took his oath of office .
What atheists do n’t seem to realize is that even for believers , faith is never easy in this world of injustice , pain and delusion .
Even for believers , God exists just beyond the scrim of the senses .
So , atheists , how about losing the tired sarcasm and boring self - pity and engaging believers seriously ?
Finding the best CBD E - Liquid has become something of a pursuit for me and that is why I decided to try Miracle Smoke .
This is really a unique product that claims to help reduce anxiety and have some of the many positive effects of marijuana or cannabis .
So , what do the Miracle Smoke review articles really say ?
Miracle Smoke Review – Miracle Smoke Does it Work ?
CBD Oil has wide range of therapeutic benefits .
It may help in promoting the actual health of getting older .
This excellent invention employs heat to create drinking water vapors instead of smoke cigarettes .
It is just an enjoyable smoke solution which often works in the direction of lowering stress levels , center ailments along with other stress associated sickness .
Additionally , it allows in curbing ones anxiety levels .
Miracle Smoke makes smoking healthy , fashionable and tasteful .
Miracle Smoke are simply amazing because , just like the regular cigarettes , these can also provide smokers the same ambiance which nicotine - filled cigarettes have .
Miracle Smoke Reviews say the product was manufactured to have that distinct nicotine taste , minus the health hazards that real cigarettes bring .
What Are Miracle Smoke Benefits ?
Helps Reduce Feeling Of Anxiety
Will Not Show in Drug Test
No Prescription
Legal In all 50 States
Miracle Smoke Review – What Can Miracle Smoke Offer ?
Traditional tobacco smokers switch into Miracle Smoke for many reasons , such as environmental , economic and safety reasons ; no Miracle Smoke side effects .
Regardless of the specific reason , Miracle Smoke Review says Miracle Smoke can :
Be used anywhere
Save more money
Eliminate safety risks
Promote a healthy environment
Miracle Smoke Ingredients
It is an intermix of all organic and clinically tested ingredients .
But , CBD Oil , Propylene Glycol , Vegetable Glycerin are regarded as its key components .
This is not made from Marijuana and does not contain THC .
Miracle Smoke Review – Is Miracle Smoke Easy To Use ?
Like all other things in the world , never judge other things according to the presentation .
Miracle Smoke are convenient and healthy to use , thanks to Miracle Smoke ingredients .
The cartridges just have to be modified so the rechargeable batteries and fake nicotine sensation can function again , when used for a very long time already .
Miracle Smoke Review – Where To Buy ?
It is because there are Miracle Smoke in stores .
Nevertheless , many prefer to purchase Miracle Smoke online .
With the use of a battery , this smoking accessory can be used repetitively by charging it frequently .
With the emergence of Miracle Smoke , you will never have to spend money on things that ’ll be thrown after .
Start a healthy move by reading Miracle Smoke Reviews .
Begin with using Miracle Smoke , Buy Miracle Smoke now .
“ Miracle Smoke , Does It Really Work ? ”
Yes , it really does … really work !
A DIPLOMATIC stoush is brewing across the Tasman , prime ministers and foreign ministers have become embroiled and Australia stands accused of trampling on New Zealand 's sovereignty .
And it 's all over a crumby loaf of bread .
A joint NZ - Australian ministerial council agreement reached in mid-2007 on the mandatory fortification of bread with folic acid is scheduled to take effect in both countries in two months .
Both sides of the Tasman have seen a change of government since that decision , however , and NZ 's conservative Government , along with the majority of its 4 million consumers , appears to have taken offence to what it has inherited .
The overarching food regulator , Food Standards Australia New Zealand , says the mandatory fortification of bread flour with a synthetic form of folate - folic acid - will help reduce the incidences of neural tube birth defects such as spina bifida .
But critics say only a handful of birth defects will be prevented each year , providing little justification for medicating a dietary staple consumed by most people in both countries .
Now two peer - reviewed US studies published this year have linked excessive folate in the human diet to higher rates of prostate cancer in men and inflammatory bowel disease in children .
The findings have so concerned the British and Irish governments that they have put a hold on the introduction of their own mandatory fortification programs , and NZ wants to do the same .
Yet it is tied to the joint agreement signed two years earlier .
This is a quick reference demonstration catalogue compiled for first year Physics lecturers at the University of Melbourne .
Included are descriptions of apparatus , experimental arrangements and brief operational details .
Suggestions regarding improvements or additions are welcome .
Please direct comments or queries regarding any demonstrations listed to Mr. Melaku Alemu
You may book a demonstration now by emailing Mr. Steven Damen .
If you 're a fan of this blog , you probably like to read .
A lot .
And you probably have your own favorite book jacket designs .
Go ahead and drop " ˜em in the comments so we can build on this admittedly subjective list .
Oh , and if you have a book jacket you just find revolting , let us know about that one , too .
We 'll be doing a follow - up post in the coming week about really awful book jacket designs .
1. The Great Gatsby
Born in Spain in 1893 , artist Francis Cugat could n't have known what history had in store for him when he was commissioned by Charles Scribner 's Sons to create the cover for this monumental 1925 novel .
As the story goes , Cugat finished the artwork way before F.Scott Fitzgerald finished the manuscript .
When the publisher shared the design with Fitzgerald , he was so enamored of it , so inspired , he is thought to have worked the design into the fabric of the narrative .
Where ?
Well one hypothesis is often cited in Nick Carraway 's description of Daisy , as the girl whose disembodied face floated along the dark cornices and blinding signs .
Another possible influence may been seen in the symbolic billboard eyes of Dr. T. J. Eckleburg .
From the novel :
But above the gray land and the spasms of bleak dust which drift endÂ¬lessly over it , you perceive , after a moÂ¬ment , the eyes of Doctor T. J. Eckleburg .
The eyes of Doctor T. J. Eckleburg are blue and gigantic -- their retinas are one yard high .
They look out of no face , but instead from a pair of enormous yellow spectacles which pass over a non-existent nose .
Whether Fitzgerald was influence by the artwork or not , we may never know .
And this is hardly the only mystery associated with the novel .
For instance , no other Cugat book jacket has ever been identified , other than The Great Gatsby , and no one knows when or where the mysterious artist died .
Sounds like Hollywood material , no ?
2. Darkness at Noon
Arthur Koestler 's most famou novel was first published in 1940 and reflects the author 's bleak view of Communism in the late " ˜30s .
It was originally published in German .
This Scribner reprint came out in 2006 and was designed by the Office of Paul Sahre .
It 's the kind of cover that 's so bright , it makes you squint , literally .
3. Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ?
Bob Pepper created a lot of amazing artwork for some of the most famous Philip K. Dick books , including A Scanner Darkly and We Can Build You .
Do Androids Dream of Electric Sheep ? was first published in 1968 as a hardcover by Doubleday .
The Pepper paperback version came out a year later .
For some more cool Bob Pepper sci - fi designs , check out this link .
4. Norwegian Wood
John Gall is Art Director for Vintage and Anchor Books an imprint of Alfred A Knopf , which is a publishing group within Random House Inc .
He and his team are the brilliant designers behind all those amazing Haruki Murakami book jackets ( the English translation versions ) .
In an interview I read with Gall , he said his team generally has 6 - 8 weeks to come up with cover designs for about 70 books !
Makes me all the more appreciative of those Murakamis .
5 . The Last Lonely Saturday
No list would be complete without mentioning Jordan Crane , writer , graphic novelist , comic cartoonist , and brilliant designer .
For a look at a bunch of other covers he 's designed , check out his site here .
6. Jurassic Park
Likewise , no list would be complete without author , editor , and graphic designer , Chip Kidd , who has been responsible for some of the book industry 's best designs in recent years .
This classic 1990 cover for Jurassic Park was so successful , Universal stole it when they put together the artwork to market the film of the same name .
Kidd 's designs for his own books are no less memorable .
Check some more of them out here .
7. Of Mice and Men
John Steinbeck 's classic tale about George Milton and Lennie Small was first published in 1937 .
The great , original jacket design was created by artist Ross MacDonald , not to be confused with the pseudonym of Kenneth Millar , the famous crime fiction novelist .
8. Catch -22
Paul Bacon is like the Quincy Jones of book jacket design .
He 's designed covers for Ernest Hemingway , William Golding , Norman Mailer , Kurt Vonnegut , E.L. Doctorow , Phillip Roth , Michael Crichton , and Joseph Heller , among scores of others .
This 1961 cover for Simon & Schuster 's original Cath - 22 has always been a favorite .
9. One Red Paperclip
You may have read the blog already but if not , this is the story about a guy who changes his life , starting with a paperclip , and trading up .
In just fourteen trades , he 's able to acquire a home .
The book was published by Three Rivers ( a trade paperback imprint of the Crown Publishing Group ) .
The brilliant design was created by Kyle Kolker .
You might expect a house on the front cover , or some of the other 12 things he traded for .
That 's the beauty of this beauty : simple , simple , simple .
10 . In Cold Blood
Vintage published Capote 's account of the now - famous quadruple murder case in 1966 .
The original jacket was designed by S. Neil Fujita , who also once served as the art director for CBS Records , and designed such iconic graphics as the Godfather logo .
Speaking about the book jacket experience , Fujita said , " I showed Truman Capote my ideas for In Cold Blood .
I thought of a red hat pin that I stuck into the title of the book to suggest death or something like that , but he did n't like the color .
" ˜ It ca n't be red , because it was n't a new death , it did n't just happen , ' so I changed the color to purple and added a black border to suggest something more funereal .
Capote loved that .
So does this blogger .
How about you all ?
What are some of your favorites ?
Project for a Republican Future
December 2 , 1993
MEMORANDUM TO : REPUBLICAN LEADERS
FROM : WILLIAM KRISTOL
SUBJECT : Defeating President Clinton's Health Care Proposal
What follows is the first in what will be a series of political strategy memos prepared by The Project for the Republican Future .
The topic of this memo is President Clinton 's health care reform proposal , the single most ambitious item on the Administration 's domestic policy agenda .
These four pages are an attempt to describe a common political strategy for Republicans in response to the Clinton health care plan .
By examining the president 's own strategy and tactics , this memo suggests how Republicans might reframe the current health care debate , offer a serious alternative , and , in the process , defeat the president 's plan outright .
Nothing in these pages is intended to supplant the many thoughtful analyses of the Clinton health are plan already produced by Republicans and others , analyses which have done much to expose both its glaring weaknesses and immediate dangers .
In fact , this memo borrows heavily from articles and papers prepared by conservative public policy think tanks , the Republican National Committee , House and Senate Republicans , and the dozens of superb critiques that have appeared in newspapers and magazines .
Nor is this an attempt to prescribe legislative tactics for defeating the Clinton bill ; for that we defer to our Republican leaders in the Congress .
Instead , it is an effort to assess the current political climate surrounding the health care debate and to provide a winning Republican strategy that will serve the best interests of the country .
The Project for the Republican Future was founded last month to help shape a Republican vision and advance an agenda for governing .
It seeks to frame a new Republicanism by challenging not just the particulars of big - government policies , but their very premises and purposes .
In the coming months , we will prepare and circulate other memos on critical issues of politics and policy .
We welcome your reactions to this memo so that we can further refine a Republican strategy , and we encourage your thoughts on future subjects for consideration .
I. THE CURRENT SITUATION
Just after President Clinton introduced his health care plan in September , opinion polling reflected strong public support for it .
That support has now sharply eroded .
A late September Washington Post / ABC
News poll , for example , had national respondents approving the plan by a 56 to 24 percent margin ; the same poll in October had approval down to a 51 to 39 percent margin ; and a mid-November Post / ABC poll now shows bare plurality support for the plan of 46 to 43 percent .
To some extent , these results follow a predictable pattern of Clinton Administration policy initiatives , which have tended to open well on the strength of the president 's personal advocacy , and then to falter as revealed details make plain his attachment to traditional , big government , tax - and - spend liberalism .
Faced with forceful objections in the past , the Administration has generally preferred to bargain and compromise with Congress so as to achieve any victory it can .
But health care is not , in fact , just another Clinton domestic policy .
And the conventional political strategies Republicans have used in the past are inadequate to the task of defeating the Clinton plan outright .
That must be our goal .
Simple Criticism is Insufficient .
Simple , green - eyeshades criticism of the plan - - on the grounds that its numbers do n't add up ( they do n't ) , or that it costs too much ( it does ) , or that it will kill jobs and disrupt the economy ( it will ) -- is fine so far as it goes .
But in the current climate , such opposition only wins concessions , not surrender .
The president will lobby intensively for his plan .
It will surely be the central theme of his State of the Union Address in January .
Health care reform remains popular in principle .
And the Democratic Party has the votes .
After all , the president 's " tax fairness " budget , despite unanimous Republican opposition and rising public disapproval , did pass the Congress .
Any Republican urge to negotiate a " least bad " compromise with the Democrats , and thereby gain momentary public credit for helping the president " do something " about health care , should also be resisted .
Passage of the Clinton health care plan , in any form , would guarantee and likely make permanent an unprecedented federal intrusion into and disruption of the American economy -- and the establishment of the largest federal entitlement program since Social Security .
Its success would signal a rebirth of centralized welfare - state policy at the very moment we have begun rolling back that idea in other areas .
And , not least , it would destroy the present breadth and quality of the American health care system , still the world 's finest .
On grounds of national policy alone , the plan should not be amended ; it should be erased .
But the Clinton proposal is also a serious political threat to the Republican Party .
Republicans must therefore clearly understand the political strategy implicit in the Clinton plan -- and then adopt an aggressive and uncompromising counterstrategy designed to delegitimize the proposal and defeat its partisan purpose .
II .
THE CLINTON STRATEGY
" Health care will prove to be an enormously healthy project for Clinton ... and for the Democratic Party . "
So predicts Stanley Greenberg , the president 's strategist and pollster .
If a Clinton health care plan succeeds without principled Republican opposition , Mr. Greenberg will be right .
Because the initiative 's inevitably destructive effect on American medical services will not be practically apparent for several years -- no Carter - like gas lines , in other words - - its passage in the short run will do nothing to hurt ( and everything to help ) Democratic electoral prospects in 1996 .
But the long - term political effects of a successful Clinton health care bill will be even worse -- much worse .
It will relegitimize middle - class dependence for " security " on government spending and regulation .
It will revive the reputation of the party that spends and regulates , the Democrats , as the generous protector of middle - class interests .
And it will at the same time strike a punishing blow against Republican claims to defend the middle class by restraining government .
The 80 - 80 Split .
The president intends to convince the American middle class to buy into this new government dependency by overcoming their skepticism with fear .
Poll numbers explain his tactics .
A large majority of Americans consistently reports that it believes our country 's health care system , writ large , to be dysfunctional ; 79 percent of respondents to a Princeton Survey Research Associates / Newswek poll in late September , for example , said the American health care system needed fundamental change or a complete rebuilding .
Popular discomfort with American medicine as a " system " is Clinton 's opportunity .
But the same polls contain the key to Clinton 's vulnerability , as well , The vast majority of Americans are pleased with the care this system now provides them personally ; 80 percent of respondents to a late September Yankelovich / Time / CNN poll said they were " somewhat " or " very " satisfied with their own medical services .
So the president advances a promise of " universal " health care coverage as a solution to the problem of the uninsured , but his plan must win the approval of a middle class most members of which are generally happy with the health care they have .
He cannot plausibly claim that his plan will make the middle class even happier with their prsent care .
That argument , at least , is already lost .
Respondents to a mid-November CBS / New York
Times poll say , by a two - to - one margin , that the Clinton plan is more likely to degrade than enhance the quality of their own medical care , and by an almost six - to - one margin that their personal medical expenses are more likely to go up under Clinton than down .
The Administration 's only option , then , is singlemindedly to focus on the fears many middle - class Americans have about health care as an abstract " system " that might someday threaten them .
The Administration 's public pronouncements ignore all basic , practical questions about how their health plan will actually affect the quality and flexibility of American medical care .
And its spokesmen encourage the notion that radical change involving a sacrifice of quality and free choice is necessary for health " security . "
III .
A REPUBLICAN COUNTERSTRATEGY
The president makes his pitch to the 79 percent of Americans who are inclined to agree that " the system " is n't working , hoping to freeze health care debate on the level of grand generalization about structural defects .
He is on the side of the angels rhetorically - - denunciations of the status quo , easy moralism about his own alternative , rosy predictions of a utopian future in which security is absolutely guaranteed .
Republicans can defeat him by shifting that debate toward specific , commonsense questions about the effect of Clinton 's proposed reforms on individual American citizens and their families , the vast majority of whom , again , are content with the medical services they already enjoy .
Republicans should ask : what will Bill Clinton 's health care plan do to the relationship most Americans now have with their family doctor or pediatrician .
What will it do to the quality of care they receive ?
Such questions are the beginning of a genuine moral - political argument , based on human rather than bureaucratic needs .
And they allow Republicans to trump Clinton 's security strategy with an appeal to the enlightened self - interest of middle - class America .
The Republican counterstrategy involves pursuing three distinct tasks : 1 ) deflating the exaggerated fears of systemic health care collapse that Democrats have encouraged ; 2 ) clarifying and publicizing how the Clinton reform plan would alter and damage the quality and choice of medical treatment most Americans now take for granted ; and 3 ) pointing out that incremental and meaningful solutions to problems of health security -- solutions that do not require scrapping the current structure of American medicine and experimenting with something invented in Washington -- are already available and politically within reach .
Deflating Fear .
Genuine , yet remediable problems do exist in the American system of medicine , but the rhetoric surrounding the president 's health plan deliberately makes those problems sound apocalyptic .
" Fear itself " does not trouble the New Dealers : Indeed , they welcome it as a powerful tool of political persuasion .
Mrs. Clinton , in particular , routinely describes a nation of individual lives teetering on the brink , each only an illness or a job away from financial ruin .
The text of the president 's Health Security Plan and virtually all the public remarks on health care made by his advisors are filled with images of a health care system spawning little else but frustration and tragedy .
It is a brazen political strategy of fear - mongering , conducted on a scale not seen since the Chicken Little energy crisis speeches of President Carter .
Fanning the flames of public unease is a purely political tactic for the Democrats , and it deserves to be exposed as such .
For while public concern about health care is undoubtedly real , the president 's deliberate campaign of fright seems designed less as a response to the public and more as a justification for his own far - reaching , grand reforms .
Republicans should scrupulously avoid endorsing the president 's depiction of a nation beset by fear over health care , which provides him cover for the war - time , centrally - planned , emergency - style measures that characterize his alarmist overhaul of our medical system .
Republicans should instead painstakingly debunk that account , and remind the nation , point by point , that it currently enjoys the finest , most comprehensive , and most generous system of medical care in world history .
Raising Questions About Medical Quality and Choice .
The most devastating indictment of the president 's proposal is that it threatens to destroy virtually everything about American health care that 's worth preserving .
Under the plan 's layers of regulation and oversight , even seeing a doctor whenever you like will be no easy matter : access to physicians will be carefully regulated by gatekeepers ; referrals to specialists will be strongly discouraged ; second opinions will be almost unheard of ; and the availability of new drugs will be limited .
So while there are now countless valid criticisms of the Clinton plan 's various aspects , the most politically effective ones focus on how the proposal would fundamentally change the quality and kind of medical service that Americans cherish and expect .
This mans an assault on the Clinton plan's two central tenets : mandatory , monopolistic health alliances and government price controls .
Hand in hand , these two cornerstones of the president 's plan will establish a system of rationed medical care .
Under Clinton 's plan , the alliances will submit annual budgets to a national health board , thereby creating pressure to save money and trim service wherever possible .
That means tightly regulated managed health care for most people , with an emphasis on efficiency over quality .
Those who can afford huge premiums may be able to see a private fee - for - service doctor , though fee schedules will make it difficult for most independent physicians to stay in business .
In time , the family doctor tradition will disappear .
And avoiding this result by purchasing health insurance outside the alliances will be either impossible or criminal .
The chief effect of price controls -- the linchpin of the president 's cost - containment theory -- will be a rigid national system of pre-set budgets and medicine by accountants .
There is no reason to believe that such a system wo n't follow the pattern that price controls have established in every other area : rationing , queueing , diminished innovation , black markets , and the creation of a government " health police " to enforce the rules .
Though the president and his surrogates deny all this , the basic building blocks of his proposal permit no other result .
Republicans should insistently convey the message that mandatory health alliances and government price controls will destroy the character , quality , and inventiveness of American health care .
Advocating Security Without Upheaval .
The initial appeal of the president 's proposal is its promise of lifelong , universal security , defined in standard Democratic terms as a federal entitlement benefit .
But this promise can also be restated as the plan 's most glaring weakness : it mistakes federal spending and regulation for individual security .
In exchange for his government - program security , Americans must accept a massive uprooting of the entire U.S. health care system , with disruptive and deleterious consequences .
As both a political and policy matter , the best counter - strategy to Clinton 's offer of security requires resisting the temptation to compete with the president in a contest of radical reforms .
Allaying public concerns about health security can be achieved by addressing a few basic problems directly -- and without unraveling the current system .
The easiest way to do that is by pursuing the short list of reforms for which there is already a national consensus .
Relatively simple changes to insurance regulation , for example , can eliminate the barriers to health insurance for people with pre-existing medical conditions .
The unemployed or people whose employers do not provide health insurance should be able to deduct the full cost of their premiums .
The federal government could target its health spending to provide clinics in rural areas and inner cities where access to health care remains a problem .
Long - overdue reforms to medical malpractice law would help lower insurance rates across the board .
And a simplified , uniform insurance form would reduce paperwork , another unnecessary irritant of the current system .
All these small steps would make health insurance less costly and health care easier to obtain .
Even where national health budgeting is concerned , there exist opportunities for significant reform that do not involve Great Society - style upheaval .
States might be permitted to operate Medicare and Medicaid programs through managed care , for example , rather than through now - mandated fee - for - service plans -- and thereby realize huge cost savings in their own budgets .
( The Democratic governor of Tennessee recently applied for , and received , the necessary waiver of federal regulations to pursue just such a reform . )
In fact , there are all sorts of cumbersome and costly health care mandates and regulations now imposed on states : they should be lifted to allow governors to allocate their federal programs in the most efficient way .
The potential savings from Medicare and Medicaid -- the engine of our escalating federal deficit -- are enormous .
These are hardly revolutionary or even visionary proposals .
In fact , variations of these reforms have been floating around the Congress for some time .
Their simplicity and their lack of big - government " sophistication " stand in stark contrast to the extensive controls , reorganizing , standardization , and rationing that are at the heart of president 's Health Security Plan .
IV . LAYING GROUNDWORK FOR THE FUTURE
These may only be intermediate measures .
A more ambitious agenda of free - market reforms remains open for the future : medical IRAs , tax credits and vouchers for insurance , and the like .
But Republicans must recognize the policy and tactical risks involved in near - term advocacy of sweeping change , however " right " it might be in principle .
The Clinton plan 's radicalism depends almost entirely for its success on persuading the nation that American medicine is so broken that it must not just be fixed , but replaced -- wholesale and immediately .
And it would be a pity if the advancement of otherwise - worthy Republican proposals gave unintended support to the Democrats ' sky - is - falling rationale .
The more modest Republican reforms discussed earlier would have the virtue of cooling the feverish atmosphere -- fostered largely and deliberately by the Administration -- in which health care is currently discussed .
And they offer a potentially might larger benefit to the Republican Party as a model of future conservative public policy : a practical vision of principled incrementalism .
The character of Republican opposition to the president 's health care plan , properly pursued , has broad implications .
The party 's goal , in health care and in other policy areas , should be to make the case for limited government while avoiding either simple - minded bean - counting , on the one hand , or Democrat - like utopian overreach on the other .
The target of Republican policy prescriptions must be the individual citizen , not some abstract " system " in need of ham - fisted government repair .
If we can , in this way , provide a principled alternative to the paternalistic experimentalism that consistently underlies Democratic ideas of governance , Republicans will be poised to claim the moral high ground in this and future debates .
The first step in that process must be the unqualified political defeat of the Clinton health care proposal .
Its rejection by Congress and the public would be a monumental setback for the president ; and an incontestable pice of evidence that Democratic welfare - state liberalism remains firmly in retreat .
Subsequent replacement of the Clinton scheme by a set of ever - more ambitious , free - market initiatives would make the coming year 's health policy debate a watershed in the resurgence of a newly bold and principled Republican politics .
via Greg Sargent http://theplumline.whorunsgov.com/bill-kristols-1993-memo-calling-for-gop-to-block-health-care-reform/
Earlier this year NORML requested your assistance to help us launch the first ever nationwide television ad campaign calling for the regulation of cannabis for adults .
Because of your generous support , NORML was able to purchase over 7,500 ad buys in all 50 states on cable networks like CNN , CNBC , Fox News , Fuse , FX Networks , G4 , MSNBC , CNN Headline News , and Spike TV .
These ads were viewed by over 2.4 million households nationwide .
Today we are asking for your help so that we can once again make history .
For the past several weeks NORML has been negotiating with CBS radio to launch the nation ’s first live talk radio show dedicated to all things cannabis : NORML SHOW LIVE : Marijuana Nation .
That ’s right , NORML is planning to take the talk radio world by storm – and we intend to smoke the competition !
NORML SHOW LIVE , will be hosted by Russ Belville – the voice of NORML ’s daily podcast , the Audio Stash — and will air on ChatAboutIt.com , the next generation of talk radio .
ChatAboutIt.com streaming online radio is powered by CBS radio and features original and cutting edge programming – available free over the internet or via download on your iPhone or Blackberry .
The cultural and political influence of talk radio is undeniable and is growing –- as is the popularity of streaming radio .
Today , one in seven adults between the ages of 18 to 54 listens to online radio .
This audience has more than doubled over the past four years and is expected to grow significantly in the future .
NORML ’s content and message naturally appeals to this demographic , which is frequently turning away from the mainstream media and turning to groups like NORML to obtain fact - based educational and political information about the world ’s most popular plant .
However , before we launch this effort , we want to hear from you — the cannabis community .
Please offer us your thoughts and suggestions regarding how we can make NORML SHOW LIVE : Marijuana Nation the premiere talk destination for activists and NORML supporters .
I have no doubt that much of the success of this venture will be based on the active participation and support of our members and listeners .
Even more importantly , we need your donations to help defray the start - up costs associated with launching and publicizing NORML SHOW LIVE : Marijuana Nation .
In the coming weeks we need to create an unprecedented “ buzz ” in the marijuana law reform community , and within the talk radio industry , about our new show .
Specifically , we need to print and distribute flyers at upcoming events , such as the Seattle Hempfest , place online banners on marijuana - friendly websites , purchase advertising in talk - radio trade magazines , and pay for updated studio equipment and voice - over technology .
NORML SHOW LIVE intends to be the voice of the marijuana nation for the students , homemakers , retirees , soldiers , patients , professionals , and working people who demand equal treatment under the law and for an end to America ’s longest and costliest war .
For a one - time donation here of $ 100 , $ 25 , or even just $ 10 , you can assure that your voice will heard by millions .
Marijuana law reformers will no longer have to be dependent on the mainstream media ; we can be a part of the mainstream media .
Finally , NORML SHOW LIVE is seeking advertisers !
If you have a business or a product , and would like to utilize and cost - effective way to reach millions of listeners each week , please contact russ@norml.org or call toll - free 888-772-3422 to inquire about our discounted introductory ad rates .
NORML would like to thank you in advance for helping us make history — again .
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
The leader of the Roman Catholic Church in England and Wales has warned that social networking websites , texting and e-mails are undermining community life .
Archbishop Vincent Nichols said MySpace and Facebook led young people to seek what he termed short - lived friendships , with quantity becoming more important than quality .
He said a key factor in suicide among young people was the trauma caused when such loose relationships collapsed .
Archbishop Nichols said society was losing some of its ability to build communities through inter-personal communication , as the result of excessive use of texts and e-mails rather than face - to - face meetings or telephone conversations .
WASHINGTON ( Reuters ) - The United States released more than a thousand intelligence images of Arctic ice to help scientists study the impact of climate change , within hours of a recommendation by the National Academy of Sciences .
Slideshow ( 3 images )
In an unusually fast move by a U.S. government agency , the Interior Department made the images public on Wednesday .
The academy ’s report urging this action was released at 11 a.m. on Wednesday .
Some 700 images show swatches of sea ice from six sites around the Arctic Ocean , with an additional 500 images of 22 sites in the United States .
The images can be seen online at gfl.usgs.gov /.
Changes in the Arctic affect global climate , since the Arctic region acts as an “ air conditioner ” for the planet .
The Arctic images have a resolution of about 1 yard ( 1 meter ) , a vast improvement on previously available pictures of sea ice , said Thorsten Markus of NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center .
“ These are one - meter - resolution images , which give you a big picture of the summertime Arctic , ” Markus said on Thursday .
“ This is the main reason why we are so thrilled about it .
One meter resolution is the dimension that ’s missing . ”
The next - best resolution for images of Arctic sea ice is 15 to 30 meters , Markus said by telephone .
This risks missing small features that can have a big impact on warming in the area .
SMALL PUDDLES , BIG IMPACT
For example , during the summer months , pools of melted water form on top of Arctic ice floes , and these puddles can stretch across 30 meters .
The water in the puddles is dark and absorbs heat , as opposed to the white ice all around them , which reflects heat .
Knowing about these melt pools is valuable to producing models of what might happen in the Arctic in the future , but with images that have a resolution of 30 meters or so , these pools might well be missed .
While individual puddles are small , collectively they cover about 30 percent of the Arctic .
“ The ( forecasting ) models do well at capturing the overall sea ice cover in the Arctic , ” Markus said .
“ But there are certain processes that we cannot adequately model yet , mainly ... because we do n’t have enough data . ”
Markus said the public release of these images was “ a huge surprise -- I expected after the report , months could go by until somebody moved . ”
“ That does n’t happen every day , ” said a person familiar with the government ’s decision .
“ This is a great example of good government cooperation between the intelligence community and academia .
In the science community , we call it a no - brainer . ”
The images were derived from classified images made as part of the Medea program , which lets scientists request spy pictures from environmentally sensitive locations around the globe .
Medea scientists asked for intelligence images of Arctic sea ice during the summer melting season , but these were considered unsuitable for public release .
Images suitable for release were made , but were not made public until now .
To have an extramarrital affair .
Stems from the disappearance and subsequent reappearance of South Carolina Governor , Mark Sanford ( R ) . Gov. Sanford was thought to be hiking in Appalachia .
In actuality , he was having an affair in the South American country of Argentina .
Blue - blooded investment bank NM Rothschild has replaced Merrill Lynch in the lucrative gig of advising the Government on its attempts to sort out the banking sector .
Rothschild will also play a key role in shaping the landscape of the sector as the Department of Finance prioritises consolidation among second - tier lenders once the National Asset Management Agency ( NAMA ) is up and running .
Merrill Lynch was hired last September as the financial sector went into meltdown , and played a large role in shaping the Government 's decision to bring in the € 440bn blanket banking guarantee scheme .
The pace of the unfolding crisis at the time meant that the original contract never went out to tender .
Merrill , whose contract expired at the end of June , was paid a basic retainer fee of € 2 m , which could rise as high as € 6 m .
The investment bank was heavily involved in the State 's € 3.5 bn bailout of Bank of Ireland ( BoI ) and Allied Irish Banks ( AIB ) earlier this year through the National Pension Reserve Fund ( NPRF ) .
The new tender went out in July through the National Treasury Management Agency , which is working very closely with the Department of Finance on its efforts to shore up the system .
The NPRF and NAMA both fall under the auspices of the agency , headed by Michael Somers .
The NPRF charged BoI and AIB € 30 m each in ' arrangement fees ' for the recapitalisation , lining the State 's purse to help cover a slew of adviser fees regarding the sector .
The tender called for services to include advising the Finance Minister in dealing with EU Commission requirements , general advice on various aspects of the banking system and potential transactions , sectoral restructuring and viability planning .
AIB , BoI and Anglo Irish Bank , which was nationalised in January , each have to provide Brussels with restructuring plans over the coming months .
Merrill Lynch had a hand in Finance Minister Brian Lenihan sending out signals last November to the covered institutions that he expected massive consolidation within the sector .
This left top bankers at the time with the strong view that he was looking to shoehorn the lenders into the two top banks .
The issue died down over the subsequent months , though Irish Life & Permanent ( IL&P ) went on to begin merger talks with EBS Building Society in an effort to persuade the minister that it could form a credible ' third force ' in the Irish market .
But even those talks died down after three of IL&P 's top executives resigned in the February .
Consolidation among the smaller lenders will become a pressing issue again over the coming months as banks are left with gaping holes in their balance sheets after writing down the value of loans headed to NAMA .
Government sources have suggested the creation of a ' super mutual ' , potentially bringing together the banking arm of IL&P with EBS and Irish Nationwide .
Let ’s talk Wilson ’s Law ( Image : Jim Harrison / PloS ( PDF ) )
Saving Earth ’s biodiversity will take nothing less than an IPCC for species , says the world ’s leading biologist and ant guru .
What ’s this idea all about ?
It sounds immodest but I call it Wilson ’s law .
It says that if you save the living environment , you will automatically save the physical environment .
But if you only try to save the physical environment , you will lose them both .
That is a defensible law .
So we need a major rethink ?
When we talk about the world going green , the media and the public think …
Main server :
Compute server :
Slightly older setup :
That 's right , I now have a complete set of TMI cabinets .... and no , of course I did n't gut either of them .
I would love to have a real functional CM .
I refer to the new machine as the world 's only CM - 4000 - a CM - 2 cabinet stuffed with Sun E4000s ( 4 x 14 = 56 CPU cluster ) .
( The CM - 2 was the empty half of a small - config CM - 2 , the CM - 5 was from the Jurassic Park set . )
BTW - the two servers all the way to the right , plus everything in the middle of the main rack are functional & wired up .
The left section of the main rack is the only section of spare filler .
Older incarnations of the system :
< The Bisexuality Report | Articles | Bisexuality FAQ >
If you 're asking yourself " Am I Bisexual ? " then here 's a handy checklist :
Thinking about the people you 've been attracted to , so far in your life , were they all of the same gender ?
If you answered " No " , to any or all of the questions in our list above then we feel it 's okay for you to call yourself bisexual .
We do n't care how attracted you are to the genders around you - you 're bisexual as soon as you stop being exclusively attracted to only one gender .
That 's it .
It really is as easy as that .
How you chose to self - identify is up to you - you can call yourself bi-curious , or pansexual , or biromantic , or omnisexual if you feel more comfortable with those terms ( see our article " Is Bisexuality Mandatory ? " for more on this ) .
Some people identify as straight and have same - sex attractions .
Some identify as gay and have different - sex attractions .
How you label yourself is a matter of personal choice , but no matter what you add into the definition of gay , straight , or how you define bicurious or pansexual , the definition of bisexual as a sexuality remains very simple .
" Bisexual " adjective - attracted to more than one gender .
Some people describe their attraction as being to " men and women " .
Our " more than one " definition for bisexuality covers this .
Some people see gender as fluid , or as having more options than two .
They describe their own pattern of attraction as being to " all genders " .
Our " more than one " definition covers this if they want to identify as bisexual .
Many people have attitudes about bisexuals , based around myths and assumptions , and these have been tagged on to the definition of bisexual over the years .
It 's time to strip those off .
The greatest tool in awareness is language , and bisexual has a very clear meaning .
Do n't worry about not being a ' proper ' or ' true ' bisexual - it 's okay to have a preference or to only be attracted to one gender at a time for parts of your life .
The dictionary definition does not say " currently " , or " equally " , or " simultaneously " or " only " , and neither does ours !
This is how we define it : A bisexual is someone who is attracted to more than one gender .
You might care about the gender of your partner a lot , a little , or not at all - but their gender does n't prevent you from being attracted to them .
That 's all it takes , seriously .
Are you bisexual ?
< The Bisexuality Report | Articles | Bisexuality FAQ >
Opinion
Whoa !
MLK was a what ?
Republicans know they have much work to do extending the big tent to minority voters , and there are a few groups that have rightly made this issue a priority .
But there ’s got to be a better strategy than this : a billboard off the MLK Boulevard exit of the South Loop featuring a rendering of the slain civil rights leader next to the all - caps message , “ Martin Luther King , Jr. was a Republican ! ”
The billboard , which appeared over the July Fourth weekend and was sponsored by the Houston - based conservative group Raging Elephants , is , as best I can tell , the first of its kind in Houston , although similar ones have gone up in recent years across the country .
“ The billboard is a huge accomplishment for us , ” wrote Raging Elephants leader Apostle Claver T. Kamau - Imani in an e-mail .
“ It ’s just a first step .
It ’s just the first salvo in an effort to let the communities of color know that ‘ Conservatives are coming ! ’
We are no longer going to ignore their issues , ignore their votes , and surrender them to liberals . ”
Last year , a Florida - based group called the National Black Republican Association put up 50 such billboards around Denver just before the national Democratic convention , in anticipation of Barack Obama ’s speech accepting his nomination .
In 2006 , a radio ad sponsored by the same group made a similar claim about King being a “ real man ” so he must have been a Republican .
At the time , the Washington Post reported that even then - Maryland Lt. Gov. Michael Steele , who was running for U.S. Senate at the time and is now Republican National Committee chairman , denounced it .
Despite the billboard ’s unsavory and opportunistic alignment of King ’s non-partisan message to a certain political party , the accuracy of its claim is the subject of some ambiguity , which is probably why the billboards have persisted .
“ These guys never give up , do they , ” the Rev. Joseph Lowery , who co-founded the Southern Christian Leadership Conference with King , told the St. Petersburg Times last year when the billboards popped up there .
King backed LBJ
Others , such as King ’s niece , anti-abortion activist Alveda King , have strongly maintained King was indeed a Republican , as was his father .
And it certainly is probable that King , like many blacks before the 1960s , cast Republican votes .
However , King ’s enthusiasm for Democrat Lyndon Baines Johnson and his disparaging of 1964 Republican presidential candidate Barry Goldwater were well - known .
“ He absolutely deplored the Republican Party of Goldwater and Reagan , ” King biographer and University of North Carolina - Greensboro history professor Thomas Jackson told me .
He called the billboard ’s claim “ pretty absurd , ” but said it ’s become common for different factions to deploy certain aspects of King ’s politics for their own purposes .
“ I have a T - shirt that says MLK was a socialist , ” Jackson said , adding that he believes that ’s probably closer to the truth than the GOP label .
But whether King ever voted Republican misses a more important question here , which is whether he ’d align with the GOP today .
The answer is probably not .
While the GOP makes valid points about the racist , segregationist history of the Democratic Party in the South , and the strides the GOP made in supporting rights for blacks , both parties have reinvented themselves in the last half - century .
Democratic state Rep. Garnet Coleman , who represents the area near the billboard , called it “ misleading . ”
“ It ’s like saying Lincoln was a Republican .
Well , that was n’t the same Republican Party , ” he said .
And he pointed out that Republican Richard Nixon actually helped start initiatives like a minority business program and an early form of affirmative action .
“ If he were around now , he ’d be considered a liberal , ” Coleman said .
For his part , Harris County Republican Chairman Jared Woodfill embraced the billboard as a “ good idea . ”
“ What they ’re probably trying to say is the principles he adhered to were conservative , Republican principles , ” Woodfill said .
And trying to spread the party ’s message in a heavily Democratic area is “ to be commended . ”
On the last point , I agree .
But there are plenty of ways for conservatives to start a conversation with black voters that does n’t begin with sensational half - truths .
lisa.falkenberg@chron.com
The intelligence officer who pulled us over on a main street in Mutare , a large city in eastern Zimbabwe near the border with Mozambique , had seen us filming .
He does n't look happy and walks over with a bit of a swagger .
No uniform , an unmarked car , and the look of someone who knows he's in charge and presumes we 're in the wrong .
A few months ago , the encounter might not have ended well for us .
Certainly , it would have meant a trip to the police station , even if we'd had that rare gem then that we have now — that little blue card that is official Zimbabwean press accreditation .
Uneasy allies : President Robert Mugabe and his prime minister and long - time opponent , Morgan Tsvangirai , at a swearing - in ceremony in February 2009 .
( Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi / Associated Press ) ( ( Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi / Associated Press ) )
As the officer prepares to launch into his " you have no right to be here " speech , we show him our blue cards .
That stops him for a moment .
But what really cools the temperature of the encounter is when our local driver explains that we are on our way to see the prime minister , Morgan Tsvangirai .
Now , the official does n't know what to do .
And this is the point where , from a visiting journalist 's perspective , Zimbabwe 's transition from Robert Mugabe 's quasi- dictatorship to something approaching shared power feels the most profound .
Zimbabwe in transition
Previously , any mention of Tsvangirai would have been like tossing raw meat at a lion , an invitation for a central intelligence official like this one to get even angrier and more determined to haul us in .
President Mugabe has long had full control over the police , military and intelligence services in Zimbabwe .
But the now formalized power - sharing deal between him and his long - time opponent , Tsvangirai , means there is a bit of confusion these days about whose word matters most and who calls the shots on any given day .
Detaining journalists in Zimbabwe , accredited or not , still happens .
But this officer seemed to decide it was n't worth the trouble of making the wrong call on the wrong day .
The famous blue card , Zimbabwe 's press accredition .
( CBC )
He handed back the card , muttered something about " only checking because he had to " and left .
So did we , moving on before he could have second thoughts .
Are we making too much of a little exchange ?
I do n't think so .
A local journalist who has worked with us before says that a year ago , during the worst of the election violence when Mugabe 's forces were kidnapping , beating and sometimes killing opposition activists , he and others would adorn their cars and homes with Mugabe posters .
They thought the election posters would serve as talismans to keep the marauding forces away .
The posters are long gone , now .
If you look closely you will see that there are actually very few pictures of Mugabe on public display .
And those who want to hang images of Tsvangirai seem to feel free enough to do just that .
Another sign of the times : people here also seem to feel somewhat freer about talking with strangers or among themselves .
You no longer get the sense they are speaking in hushed tones and looking over their shoulders .
Losing Trust
For many , these subtle shifts on the surface of everyday life here are intoxicating .
But when you listen to what people are saying when they do speak out , the excitement wanes .
In a grocery store that is actually stocked with goods for the first time in years , the security guard explains she can't afford to buy a thing on the shelves .
Zimbabwean tobacco farm Chipo Chisya waits , with her baby , on the first day of the tobacco selling season in Harare , May 7 , 2009 .
Staggered by years of inflation and bad crops , Zimbabwe has appealed to the world for over $ 1 billion in aid .
( Tsvangirayi Mukwazhi / Associated Press )
Her salary is only about $ 100 a month ( payable in U.S. dollars ) , the amount a government trying to wrestle with rampant inflation has mandated for most Zimbabwean public sector workers and politicians .
The abandonment of the ludicrous Zimbabwean currency was hailed as a bold move by Tsvangirai and the new hard - currency salaries were initially celebrated .
But they are not enough .
Prices for goods are out of reach even for the lucky few who actually have jobs .
Teachers and civil servants are talking about going on strike if the salaries do n't jump soon .
Outside Harare , in a suburb that is a Tsvangirai stronghold , there is growing and obvious frustration .
There are still moats of raw sewage around many homes .
In a year when cholera killed thousands , the hope was that the basic infrastructure , the key to saving lives and preventing illness , would be fixed .
But the new government just does n't have the funds .
A woman named Trust told us she is losing patience with being told to be patient .
' The landmine period '
Will Zimbabwe unravel ?
Political scientist Lovemore Muduku says he gives the new power - sharing government , formally struck in February after nearly a year of wrangling , six more months before the unravelling begins .
" Morgan is not supposed to be leading a very slow process .
We 've already done that , " explains Muduku .
" Ten years of struggle with Mugabe , that 's what we needed in terms of waiting .
But once you announce progress , and say ' we 're in this inclusive government and we want to improve your situation , ' then the pace of change must be faster . "
Muduku uses the word " dangerous " to describe this moment in Zimbabwe 's history .
And he 's not the only one .
Prominent political figures who publicly heap praise on the unity government privately describe this as the " landmine period . "
They argue that Mugabe hardliners are trying to sabotage the new unity government , delaying key changes and messing with the mandates of different ministries , while they try to regroup as a political force .
The confusion that this intelligence officer felt at the side of the road has echoes throughout the country .
It 's either a moment of great opportunity , or it's the early stages of a great and ugly fight .
There probably is n't that much time left before the whole world finds out which one it is .
At the 220 - home Serenbe project near Atlanta ’s airport , the cachet of local produce has been added to retiree - friendly businesses , including galleries , a bed - and - breakfast and three restaurants .
Steve Nygren , an Atlanta restaurant impresario , started the project on his 900 - acre farm .
“ We preserved forest and pasture , and there were 20 acres left for an organic farm , and we also have a large wildflower meadow , ” Mr. Nygren said .
“ We ’ve set up the design so 90 percent of the houses back up to one of those natural amenities .
We are selling our lots at a premium that ’s probably three times what the raw lot is . ”
Mr. Nygren has focused Serenbe ’s second phase on “ edible landscaping , ” he said .
“ At street corners there are blueberry bushes , fig bushes , peach trees and spotted apple trees . ”
And in more rural areas , developers are buying big tracts of ranchland and selling small lots to buyers .
David Hamilton , a principal in Qroe Farm Preservation Development , is pursuing this approach at the sprawling Bundoran Farm subdivision outside Charlottesville , Va .
“ We go through a mapping process to see functional agricultural units , if they are good for apples or cattle or whatever , then see where they go together .
Qroe ( pronounced “ crow ” ) leases some of the land to cattle ranchers and orchard managers .
A buyer of a home site hires a builder from a developer - approved list .
Qroe is marketing lots of under four acres for less than $ 400,000 , Mr. Hamilton said .
“ You ’re buying two acres but access to 2,000 acres , ” he said .
Grady Lewis , a Virginia native who closed on his 2.67 - acre lot in 2007 and moved into his 1,800 - square - foot house at Bundoran with his wife , Diane , this spring , responded to Qroe ’s idea of preserving “ rural quality . ”
When all the house lots have been sold , the rental income from the farmers , which currently goes to the developer , will go to the homeowners ’ association .
“ Beyond it being great to see 300 head of Angus scattered across the acres , ” Mr. Lewis said , “ it ’s a cash - flow issue . ”
On the same week that the City has agreed to pay $ 385,000 in an excessive force case involving a medical school student , SF Police Chief Gascon is seeking to have several cases against certain officers dismissed , as part of a proposed amnesty program .
The police chief told the Chronicle that he wants to see the majority of approximately 75 cases before the Police Commission come to an end , with little or no punishment for these cases .
All are minor discipline cases , where officers have been charged for things such as use of inappropriate language , failing to properly fill out a police report , or conducting improper drunk - driving tests .
The majority of the cases dismissed in the amnesty program would be for officers who are first - time offenders .
Other more serious cases would be seen through , but could also end in termination .
“ There ’s a very small group of people in the department whose history is irredeemable , ” said the chief .
“ We have a moral and ethical obligation to say enough is enough . ”
Gascon is currently holding discussions with the Police Commission and Police Officers Association to attempt to clear these pending cases .
Currently , there are two forms to investigate misconduct by an officer : the Office of Citizen Complaints deals with on - duty violations of police conduct policies , and the Police Department ’s management control division deals with off duty misconduct .
Both forms of investigation can result in a case before the Police Commission .
Such cases can last up to several years , allowing the charged officers to continue getting paid for their job .
Commission president Joe Marshall says , “ Our system makes discipline a long , slow process and nobody ’s happy with that . ”
Gascon ’s attempt to seek amnesty for these cases has arrived as the City agreed to pay $ 385,000 to a medical student in an excessive force case .
Mehrdad Alemozaffar filed a suit against Officer Jesse Serna and other officers , who tased him multiple times , told him to “ stop acting like a girl ” and tackled him to the ground in December of 2006 .
The settlement is much less than the original $ 2 million law suit filed against the officers ;
Alemozaffar agreed to settle , in order to avoid the risk of tarnishing his developing career in the medical field .
This is not the first time Serna has been charged for misconduct , but other cases against him have also been settled or dropped .
It ’s incidents such as these that lead me to think that misconduct cases such as Serna ’s , lead officers to think that they are larger than life - and that their actions therefore have little or no consequences .
In the wake of Chief Gascon ’s proposed amnesty , we have to ask ourselves , is allowing the Police Commission to dismiss smaller , “ insignificant ” cases truly the best decision for the people of San Francisco ?
What consequences could this possibly bring ?
It is important to remember that teams such as the Police Commission are formed to balance out the power of police officers , so that incidents such as Alemozaffar ’s and the shooting of Oscar Grant do not continue to occur — and that an independent assessment of the BART police conditions leading up to Grant ’s shooting cited exactly this type of lack of accountability as a contributing factor in the events of this past New Year ’s Eve .
The smallest and most minute fracture can seem insignificant while being dismissed , but it is these small incidents that lead to larger issues that skyrocket into enormous consequences , such as the shooting of Oscar Grant .
I wonder how many more “ Oscar Grants ” will pay the price of police misconduct and aggression before people begin to realize that every small infraction does indeed count .
Holy .
Haleakala .
I need not explain what planet that is .
Click to massively embiggen .
It 's the first full - disk image of the Earth from the GOES 14 satellite , launched in June of 2009 .
The image was taken on July 27 , from a distance of about 36,000 km ( 22,000 miles ) .
It 's a visible light image , so pretty much what you get is what you see .
The resolution of the data is about 1 km ( 0.6 miles ) .
Wow .
The GOES satellites ( there are three others flying at the moment ) track dangerous weather such as hurricanes , and can save millions of dollars and hundreds of lives .
They are run by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration , and are a great example of how space exploration and your tax dollars can be put to good use .
And man , it makes a very fine picture too , does n't it ?
There 's no place like home .
Tip o' the rain hat to Fark .
I recently splurged on some of those cute little fresh mozzarella balls marinated in olive oil and herbs .
They are so addicting !
We enjoyed them when our friends visited last weekend , but I bought a huge tub because I wanted to play with them in a new recipe .
I noticed Elly had posted a fantastic recipe for chicken parm burgers and was inspired to use ground chicken to make small chicken parm appetizers !
I decided to use a ground chicken mixture to encase the little mozzarella balls and then coated the balls in panko so they would be crispy on the outside like chicken parm !
Then I served them with a marinara dipping sauce .
This was my first time using ground chicken , and I was surprised that it was so much moister than ground turkey .
I did n’t even end up needing an egg to hold the mixture together .
My hubby was a big fan of these , and I ’m blaming him for the fact that they disappeared within a day !
Chicken Parm Bites Stuffed with Mozzarella
Printable Recipe
Ingredients :
1 tablespoon olive oil
1/2 cup chopped shallots
2 garlic cloves , minced
1 pound ground chicken
1 1/4 cups panko
1 teaspoon dried oregano
1 teaspoon dried basil
1 teaspoon salt
16 small fresh mozzarella balls
1/2 cup of your favorite marinara sauce
Directions :
Preheat oven to 350˚F .
Heat olive oil over medium high heat in a small skillet and sauté shallots for 5 minutes or until soft .
Add garlic and sauté one additional minute .
Lightly mix together shallots , ground chicken , 1 / 4 cup panko , oregano , basil , and salt in a large bowl .
Carefully encase each mozzarella ball evenly with ground chicken mixture and then roll each ball in remaining 1 cup panko until evenly coated .
Place balls on a greased cookie sheet and bake for 20 minutes at 350 ˚ F or until chicken is cooked through .
Place a toothpick in each ball and serve alongside the marinara sauce .
Makes 8 servings .
Nutrition : 279 calories , 16.7g fat , 1.7g fiber , 18.9g protein per serving
Cost : $ 0.90 per serving
Glassfish server has announced support for Django .
Django is a Python Web framework that encourages rapid development and clean , pragmatic design .
Vivek Pandey , the technical lead of scripting languages support in Glassfish , in his blog says -
“ Glass Fish v3 Preview is available and I am excited to announce support for Django applications .
Django is a Python based framework , probably anyone hosting their applications on GAE might know Django is a Python based web framework .
Glass Fish - Scripting project provides implementation of Jython Container .
Just like JRuby Container , Jython Container does the following :
1. Provides GlassFish v3 connector and deployer as OSGi module .
Which means that deployment of a Python application will trigger Jython Container code .
2 . Wire up the HTTP request and response at very low level by implementing a GrizzlyAdapter , hence resulting in better runtime performance and scalability using grizzly scalable NIO framework .
3. WSGI ( Web Services Gateway Interface ) is a Python standard to wire a Web Server to Python web frameworks such as Django or TurboGears etc. Jython Container implements WSGI interface and so it would be pretty easy to add support for various Python web frameworks .
Currently , we have Django and we will have others such as TuroboGears , Pylons etc .
4. Currently Jython Container is available thru GlassFish v3 Update Tool .
In the future it may appear with Glass Fish v3 core distribution .
Dandelion Salad
Updated : July 4 , 2009 added transcript
RunCynthiaRun
July 03 , 2009
Cynthia McKinney calls in to WBAIX.org , now as Prisoner 88794 during her 2nd day in Prison .
She tells the story in more detail and talks about the people she ’s meet in prison .
Listen to the latest breaking news and protest on
http://www.wbaix.org/
***
from Anita Stewart
BREAKING : From John Judge , Cynthia ’s press secretary during her Presidential campaign :
I had another call from Cynthia McKinney who has been told she will remain imprisoned in Ramale , Israel until Monday , July 6 at least along with many others .
She asked me to pass along this detail .
Among their aid group were three Muslim women from Bahrain who spoke neither English nor Hebrew , and two men from Bahrain .
All five of these people were released from custody and flown back to Bahrain in the private plane of the King of Bahrain Sheikh Hamad ibn ‘ Isa Al Khalifah , where they were welcomed as national heroes .
***
Updated
Letter from an Israeli Jail , by Cynthia McKinney
Written by Free Gaza Team
Freegaza
Saturday , 04 July 2009 13:47
This is Cynthia McKinney and I ’m speaking from an Israeli prison cellblock in Ramle .
[ I am one of ] the Free Gaza 21 , human rights activists currently imprisoned for trying to take medical supplies to Gaza , building supplies – and even crayons for children , I had a suitcase full of crayons for children .
While we were on our way to Gaza the Israelis threatened to fire on our boat , but we did not turn around .
The Israelis high - jacked and arrested us because we wanted to give crayons to the children in Gaza .
We have been detained , and we want the people of the world to see how we have been treated just because we wanted to deliver humanitarian assistance to the people of Gaza .
At the outbreak of Israel ’s Operation ‘ Cast Lead ’ [ in December 2008 ] , I boarded a Free Gaza boat with one day ’s notice and tried , as the US representative in a multi-national delegation , to deliver 3 tons of medical supplies to an already besieged and ravaged Gaza .
During Operation Cast Lead , U.S. - supplied F - 16 ’s rained hellfire on a trapped people .
Ethnic cleansing became full scale outright genocide .
U.S. - supplied white phosphorus , depleted uranium , robotic technology , DIME weapons , and cluster bombs – new weapons creating injuries never treated before by Jordanian and Norwegian doctors .
I was later told by doctors who were there in Gaza during Israel ’s onslaught that Gaza had become Israel ’s veritable weapons testing laboratory , people used to test and improve the kill ratio of their weapons .
The world saw Israel ’s despicable violence thanks to al - Jazeera Arabic and Press TV that broadcast in English .
I saw those broadcasts live and around the clock , not from the USA but from Lebanon , where my first attempt to get into Gaza had ended because the Israeli military rammed the boat I was on in international water …
It ’s a miracle that I ’m even here to write about my second encounter with the Israeli military , again a humanitarian mission aborted by the Israeli military .
The Israeli authorities have tried to get us to confess that we committed a crime … I am now known as Israeli prisoner number 88794 .
How can I be in prison for collecting crayons to kids ?
Zionism has surely run out of its last legitimacy if this is what it does to people who believe so deeply in human rights for all that they put their own lives on the line for someone else ’s children .
Israel is the fullest expression of Zionism , but if Israel fears for its security because Gaza ’s children have crayons then not only has Israel lost its last shred of legitimacy , but Israel must be declared a failed state .
I am facing deportation from the state that brought me here at gunpoint after commandeering our boat .
I was brought to Israel against my will .
I am being held in this prison because I had a dream that Gaza ’s children could color & paint , that Gaza ’s wounded could be healed , and that Gaza ’s bombed - out houses could be rebuilt .
But I ’ve learned an interesting thing by being inside this prison .
First of all , it ’s incredibly black : populated mostly by Ethiopians who also had a dream … like my cellmates , one who is pregnant .
They are all are in their twenties .
They thought they were coming to the Holy Land .
They had a dream that their lives would be better …
The once proud , never colonized Ethiopia [ has been thrown into ] the back pocket of the United States , and become a place of torture , rendition , and occupation .
Ethiopians must free their country because superpower politics [ have ] become more important than human rights and self - determination .
My cellmates came to the Holy Land so they could be free from the exigencies of superpower politics .
They committed no crime except to have a dream .
They came to Israel because they thought that Israel held promise for them .
Their journey to Israel through Sudan and Egypt was arduous .
I can only imagine what it must have been like for them .
And it was n’t cheap .
Many of them represent their family ’s best collective efforts for self - fulfilment .
They made their way to the United Nations High Commission for Refugees .
They got their yellow paper of identification .
They got their certificate for police protection .
They are refugees from tragedy , and they made it to Israel only after they arrived Israel told them “ there is no UN in Israel . ”
The police here have license to pick them up & suck them into the black hole of a farce for a justice system .
These beautiful , industrious and proud women represent the hopes of entire families .
The idea of Israel tricked them and the rest of us .
In a widely propagandized slick marketing campaign , Israel represented itself as a place of refuge and safety for the world ’s first Jews and Christian .
I too believed that marketing and failed to look deeper .
The truth is that Israel lied to the world .
Israel lied to the families of these young women .
Israel lied to the women themselves who are now trapped in Ramle ’s detention facility .
And what are we to do ?
One of my cellmates cried today .
She has been here for 6 months .
As an American , crying with them is not enough .
The policy of the United States must be better , and while we watch President Obama give 12.8 trillion dollars to the financial elite of the United States it ought now be clear that hope , change , and ‘ yes we can ’ were powerfully presented images of dignity and self - fulfilment , individually and nationally , that besieged people everywhere truly believed in .
It was a slick marketing campaign as slickly put to the world and to the voters of America as was Israel ’s marketing to the world .
It tricked all of us but , more tragically , these young women .
We must cast an informed vote about better candidates seeking to represent us .
I have read and re-read Dr. Martin Luther King Junior ’s letter from a Birmingham jail .
Never in my wildest dreams would I have ever imagined that I too would one day have to do so .
It is clear that taxpayers in Europe and the U.S. have a lot to atone for , for what they ’ve done to others around the world .
What an irony !
My son begins his law school program without me because I am in prison , in my own way trying to do my best , again , for other people ’s children .
Forgive me , my son .
I guess I ’m experiencing the harsh reality which is why people need dreams . [ But ]
I ’m lucky .
I will leave this place .
Has Israel become the place where dreams die ?
Ask the people of Palestine .
Ask the stream of black and Asian men whom I see being processed at Ramle .
Ask the women on my cellblock .
[ Ask yourself : ] what are you willing to do ?
Let ’s change the world together & reclaim what we all need as human beings : Dignity .
I appeal to the United Nations to get these women of Ramle , who have done nothing wrong other than to believe in Israel as the guardian of the Holy Land , resettled in safe homes .
I appeal to the United State ’s Department of State to include the plight of detained UNHCR - certified refugees in the Israel country report in its annual human rights report .
I appeal once again to President Obama to go to Gaza : send your special envoy , George Mitchell there , and to engage Hamas as the elected choice of the Palestinian people .
I dedicate this message to those who struggle to achieve a free Palestine , and to the women I ’ve met at Ramle .
This is Cynthia McKinney , July 2nd 2009 , also known as Ramle prisoner number 88794 .
—
Cynthia McKinney is a former U.S. Congresswoman , Green Party presidential candidate , and an outspoken advocate for human rights and social justice .
The first African - American woman to represent the state of Georgia , McKinney served six terms in the U.S. House of Representatives , from 1993 - 2003 , and from 2005 - 2007 .
She was arrested and forcibly abducted to Israel while attempting to take humanitarian and reconstruction supplies to Gaza on June 30th .
For more information , please see http://www.FreeGaza.org
see
Interview from a kidnapped passenger , Adie Mormech – Prison Cell , Givon Jail , Ramle , Israel
UN Expert denounces seizure of aid boat by Israeli forces
Another Example of U.S. Censorship of Mainstream Media By Timothy V. Gatto
Mairead Maguire Speaks from Israeli Jail Cell After Arrest
Interview with Gaza 21 from Ramale Jail
Israel to deport peace activists sailing to Gaza
George Galloway : We Have To Break That Siege
Viva Palestinia : A Lifeline From The United States To Gaza by George Galloway
A Dutch judge has today killed the large torrent tracker Mininova , telling the site to either delete all copyrighted content from the tracker , or pay a € 5 million penalty .
The site had been charged with " contributory copyright infringement , " by the Dutch anti-piracy agency BREIN , as the site did no direct copyright infringement .
Mininova notably removed links if copyright holders flagged them , but as with all trackers , when one went down , five would take its place , making the whole situation redundant .
The new court decision says Mininova was profiting from " inciting copyright infringement " and made over € 1 million in 2007 on ad sales .
Estimates have said about 90 percent of Mininova content is infringing .
The site must now " adopt proactive filtering " of copyrighted content or face a large fine .
Sam Dawson has the mental capacity of a 7yo .
He has a daughter who 's homeless mother has abandons them both .
Sam 's difficulties become problematic , and she 's taken away .
Sam finds a lawyer who tells the case pro bono .
In the process , he teaches her a great deal about love and whether it 's really all needed .
Written by Jon Reeves < jreeves@imdb.com >
Goddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md .
301-286-6255
mark.s.hess@nasa.gov
Tina Tate
The Newseum , Washington
202-292-6620
ttate@newseum.org
Mark HessGoddard Space Flight Center , Greenbelt , Md.301-286-6255 Tina TateThe Newseum , Washington202-292-6620
MEDIA ADVISORY : M09 -125
NASA Holds Briefing to Release Restored Apollo 11 Moonwalk Video
WASHINGTON -- NASA will hold a media briefing at 11 a.m. EDT on Thursday , July 16 , at the Newseum in Washington to release greatly improved video imagery from the July 1969 live broadcast of the Apollo 11 moonwalk .
The release will feature 15 key moments from Neil Armstrong 's and Buzz Aldrin 's historic moonwalk using what is believed to be the best available broadcast - format copies of the lunar excursion , some of which had been locked away for nearly 40 years .
The initial video released Thursday is part of a comprehensive Apollo 11 moonwalk restoration project expected to be completed by the fall .
The Newseum is located at 555 Pennsylvania Ave. N.W .
The news conference will be broadcast live on NASA Television and streamed on the agency 's Internet homepage .
Participants in the briefing will be :-- Richard Nafzger , team lead and Goddard engineer -- Stan Lebar , former Westinghouse Electric program manager -- Mike Inchalik , president of Lowry Digital , Burbank , Calif .
For NASA TV downlink information , schedule information and streaming video , visit :
http://www.nasa.gov/ntv
The Newseum is a 250,000 - square - foot museum of news .
The exterior 's unique architectural features include a 74 - foot - high marble engraving of the First Amendment and an immense front wall of glass through which passers - by can watch the museum fulfilling its mission of providing a forum where the media and the public can gain a better understanding of each other .
More information about the Newseum is available online at :
http://www.newseum.org
- end -
text - only version of this release
NASA press releases and other information are available automatically by sending a blank e-mail message to hqnews-subscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
To unsubscribe from this mailing list , send a blank e-mail message to hqnews-unsubscribe@mediaservices.nasa.gov .
Back to NASA Newsroom | Back to NASA Homepage
It could successfully be argued that the whole point of owning a Leica is that you are then able to use the ( deservedly ) legendary Leica M lenses .
The cameras themselves are , like any other camera , just boxes .
Exquisitely engineered , wonderful to use boxes , but boxes nonetheless .
So , Novoflex 's new lens adapter , which will let you put a Leica lens onto a Micro Four Thirds camera , has us rather excited .
Novoflex is also planning Micro Four Thirds adapters for Leica R ( the SLR lenses ) , Nikon , Contax / Yashica , Olympus , Pentax and Minolta lenses .
With this single , € 150 accessory , the whole point of the MFT standard becomes , if you 'll excuse the pun , clear .
Although you can easily buy third - party lenses for your camera , the reverse is not true .
By selling small , specialized camera bodies with a now almost universal lens mount , the Four Thirds coalition is essentially bringing very high - end photography to the masses .
Back in September , I wrote this of the MFT conundrum :
Micro Four
Thirds is certainly exciting , but really relies on other manufacturers supporting it .
The big problem is that Nikon and Canon will never stray from their own proprietary lens mounts , which leaves the major players out of this particular game .
That , it seems , has been fixed .
Now .
Imagine a camera like the Olympus concept above .
A rangefinder - style camera , with the latest in low - noise , high ISO sensors .
Now imagine it at , say , a few hundred bucks .
To finish , imagine that you can now put any Leica M bayonet lens ever made onto the front of it .
Now , see why we 're getting excited ?
Product page [ Novoflex via Amateur Photographer ]
See Also :
To install this in Pidgin ( for Ubuntu ) :
1 .
Type this in a terminal :
sudo apt - get install pidgin - dev libpurple - dev
2 .
Add WebKit repository :
deb http://ppa.launchpad.net/webkit-team/ppa/ubuntu jaunty maindeb-src
http://ppa.launchpad.net/webkit-team/ppa/ubuntu jaunty main
sudo apt - get update && sudo apt - get install libwebkit- dev
3 .
Close Pidgin
message_styles
plugins
. purlple
4 .
Tools >
Plugins
WebKit Message styles
Configure Plugin
Notes & Credits
For other Linux ditros , run this in a terminal to download Pidgin - Webkit :
bzr branch lp:pidgin- webkit
Update :
For the key , you can use this script to install keys for all PPA repos
Then , in a terminal : , download this archive ( it does n't work for x86_64 , sorry ) , extract it and copyandfolders to thefolder in your home partition ( . purple folder is hidden so press CTRL + H to display hidden files and folders ) .
Open Pidgin , go toand check , then click on " " and select your desired style .
If you wish to install more styles , download them from here , extract them and copy their folders to / your_home_partition/.purple/message_stylesCredits for the compiled package : Nukeador Pidgin- WebKit Homepage ( probably discontinued ) .
if you use Ubuntu Karmic , see this : Adium Themes in Pidgin Guide .
This guy had what he thought was
the best tattoo in the world …
Until he went to prison .
Westport , Connecticut Family Law Attorney
Family Law , Personal Injury and Medical Malpractice Lawyer Serving Fairfield County
When you need an attorney , it is important to work with someone you can trust .
You will be making critical decisions , relying on your attorney 's expertise and experience for guidance .
For more than 30 years , I have been helping people through legal matters such as divorce , family law , personal injuries , car accidents and medical malpractice .
I have the experience and knowledge you need to make informed decisions about your case .
I take the time to thoroughly discuss my clients ' options and rights .
As an attorney , I understand that many people are overwhelmed when they need a lawyer ; in fact , many of them are facing the most difficult situation of their lives .
I take a personal approach to my work , making myself accessible to clients and easing their worries .
For a free initial consultation , please call the law office of Richard H. Raphael at 203-226-6168 or contact me online .
Westport Family Lawyer Offers Limited Scope Representation Westport family lawyer Richard H. Raphael is now offering limited scope representation to individuals in Connecticut whose family law matters qualify for the program .
Raphael is offering limited scope representation to give a more affordable way for individuals to secure legal assistance and gain access to the Connecticut court system .
Read more ...
A Full Range of Legal Services
My experience in family law matters allows me to take complex cases such as high - asset divorce and contested custody battles .
I also protect the rights of people during property division , as well as alimony and child support determination .
I have an extensive personal injury practice that includes medical malpractice and car accidents .
If your personal injury or malpractice claim was turned down by other lawyers or firms who would not take your case , speak with me .
I believe your case is important and I am willing to review it .
I represent injury victims and their families in claims involving back , neck and spinal injuries , brain injuries and other catastrophic losses such as disfigurement and amputation .
In addition , I pursue claims of nursing home neglect and abuse , wrongful death and accidents with uninsured or underinsured motorists .
I also litigate cases involving real estate disputes , employment disputes and additional commercial matters .
Please call my Westport , Connecticut , office at 203-226-6168 to schedule an appointment for a free consultation .
I am able to be flexible in order to accommodate clients ' schedules ; evening and weekend appointments are available .
We work as a team because every employee at our firm has unique strengths .
Some are adept in the courtroom .
Others are skilled negotiators .
By working together , we are able to offer you the combined power of all of our strengths .
We will carefully take into account the details of your situation and consider the habits and past outcomes the judge involved in your case has provided .
We will balance all of the facts to help you make choices that will pave the way for a bright future .
When you walk through our doors , you discover an approachable , friendly law firm , composed of concerned professionals with a desire and the experience to help make your particular situation the best that it can be .
CAN an ad campaign turn bottled water into the new tobacco ?
Taking a cue from antitobacco campaigns , Tappening , a group opposed to bottled water on environmental grounds , has introduced a campaign called “ Lying in Advertising , ” that positions bottled water companies as spreading corporate untruths .
One poster claims “ Bottled Water Causes Blindness in Puppies , ” while another reads “ Bottled Water : 98 % Melted Ice Caps .
2 % Polar Bear Tears . ”
“ If bottled water companies can lie , we can too , ” the posters read .
The “ lies ” in question here are about the source of bottled water .
Eric Yaverbaum , a co-founder of Tappening , charged that some beverage companies did not list the source of their water  and were using only municipal water .
The Tappening effort is reminiscent of antismoking ads from Truth , the American Legacy Foundation campaign that fights youth smoking .
But while the Tappening campaign has an environmental element , it has something the antitobacco lobbyists do not : a competing product of its own .
If your mantra is “ Too much horsepower is never enough ” Hennessey Performance Engineering has answered your call .
This is especially true if you are the owner of a 2010 Chevy Corvette ZR1 .
If you ’re thinking — ‘ Is n’t the 2010 Corvette ZR1 already the fastest and most powerful production Vette ever with 638 hp and supercar performance ? ’ — you are correct .
But Hennessey believes that everyone should have an opportunity to step their ride up to the next level .
Porsche 911 owners can purchase the GT3 RS , Dodge Viper drivers can grab the Viper ACR and now Corvette ZR1 enthusiasts can move up to the Hennessey Z700 .
The Hennessey Z700 is dyno tuned to 705 bhp and 717 lb- ft of torque with the help of a new supercharger , upgraded exhaust and reworked air induction systems .
The 2010 Corvette ZR1 is then put on a serious diet with the biggest reduction coming via the replacement of stock rims with ultra- lightweight carbon fiber wheels wrapped in Michelin Pilot Sport Cup tires ( which sheds 60 pounds ) .
A Z-Aero carbon fiber front splitter , canards and rear spoiler add over 300 pounds of downforce .
You also get a revised interior that includes carbon fiber seats along with an Alcantara steering wheel and shift knob .
All of the tuning mods allow the 2010 Hennessey Z700 to hit 60 mph from a stop in just 2.9 seconds , 100 mph in 6.4 seconds and reach the quarter mile in 10.6 seconds at a speed of 134 mph .
The company plans to take their new creation to Nurburgring in Germany later this year to see if they can break the current lap record for the 2010 Corvette ZR1 , which is 7:26 .
HPE will be making only 24 units of this limited edition 2010 Corvette ZR1 .
With each purchase of the Hennessey H700 you also get a 1 - day performance driving lesson at the company ’s own private track , Lonestar Motorsports Park .
The total cost for a HPE Z700 , including the base ZR1 , will start at $ 207,150 .
There is also a Hennessey Z750 ( 755 bhp ) and Z1000 ( 1,000 bhp ) package available for those who are either very capable or total idiots .
Source : Hennessey Performance Engineering
Not every day , and not even every decade , does the Supreme Court rebuke the military advocate general .
The last time this happened was 20 years ago , when the advocate general refused to issue a proper indictment against an officer who ordered his men to break the arms and legs of a bound Palestinian .
The officer argued that he considered this to be his duty , after the minister of defense , Yitzhak Rabin , had called for " breaking their bones . "
Well , this week it happened again .
The Supreme Court made a decision that was tantamount to a slap in the face of the army ’s current chief legal officer , Brigadier Avichai Mendelblit .
The incident in question took place in Ni’alin , a village which has been robbed of a great part of its land by the Separation Fence .
Like their neighbors in Bilin , the villagers demonstrate every week against the Fence .
Generally , the army ’s reactions in Ni’alin are even more violent than in Bilin .
Four protesters have already been killed there .
In this particular incident , Lt. Col .
Omri Borberg took a Palestinian demonstrator , who was sitting on the ground , handcuffed and blindfolded , and suggested to one of his soldiers " let ’s go aside and give him a rubber . "
He ordered the soldier to shoot a rubber bullet , point blank .
For those who do not know : " rubber bullets " are steel bullets coated with rubber .
From a distance , they cause painful injuries .
At short range , they can be fatal .
Officially , soldiers are allowed to use them at a minimum range of 40 meters .
Without hesitating , the soldier shot the prisoner in the foot , although this was a " manifestly illegal order , " which a soldier is obliged by army law to disobey .
According to the classic definition of Judge Binyamin Halevy in the 1957 Kafr Kassem massacre case , the " black flag of illegality " is waving over such orders .
The prisoner , Ashraf Abu - Rakhma , was hit and fell on the ground .
Veterans of the Ni’alin and Bilin demonstrations know that such and similar incidents happen all the time .
But the Abu - Rakhma case was special for one reason : it was documented by a young local woman from a balcony near the crime scene with one of the cameras provided to villagers by B’tselem , an Israeli human rights organization .
Thus the lieutenant colonel committed an unforgivable sin : he was photographed in the act .
Generally , when peace activists disclose such misdeeds , the army spokesman reaches into his bag of lies and comes up with some mendacious statement or other ( " Attacked the soldier , " " Tried to grab his weapon , " " Resisted arrest " ) .
But even a talented spokesman has difficulties denying something that is clearly seen on film .
When the military advocate general decided to prosecute the officer and the soldier for " conduct unbecoming , " Abu - Rakhma and some Israeli human rights organizations applied to the Supreme Court .
The judges advised the advocate to change the indictment .
He refused , and so the matter reached the court again .
This week , in a decision unusual for its severe language , the three justices ( including a female judge and a religious one ) found the " conduct unbecoming " charge itself unbecoming .
They ordered the indictment of both officer and soldier on a far more serious criminal charge , in order to make it clear to all military personnel that mistreating a prisoner " is contrary to the spirit of the state and the army . "
After such a slap in the face , any decent person would have resigned in shame .
But not Mendelblit .
The bearded and kippa- wearing brigadier is a personal friend of the chief of staff , Gabi Ashkenazi , and is expecting promotion to major general at any moment .
Recently , the advocate general refused to indict a senior officer who asserted in court , while testifying on behalf of a subordinate , that it is right to abuse Palestinians physically .
Ashkenazi owes a lot to his advocate general , and for other reasons .
Mendelblit has made a huge effort to cover up war crimes committed during the recent Gaza War , from Ashkenazi ’s war plan itself to the crimes of individual soldiers .
Nobody has been put on trial , nobody even seriously investigated .
On the day the Supreme Court decision concerning Mendelblit was published , another brigadier also made the headlines .
Curiously enough , his first name is also Avichai ( not a very common name ) ; he is also bearded and wears a kippa .
In a speech before religious female soldiers , the chief rabbi of the army , Brigadier Avichai Rontzky , expressed the opinion that the army service of women is forbidden by the Jewish religion .
Since every Jewish young woman in Israel is bound by law to serve for two years , and women perform many essential jobs in the army , this was a seditious statement .
But nobody was really surprised by this rabbi .
Rontzky was chosen for this post by the former chief of staff , Dan Halutz .
He knew what he was doing .
The rabbi was not born into a religious family .
Indeed , he was quite " secular , " a member of an elite army unit , when he saw the light and was " reborn . "
Like many of this kind , he did not stop halfway but went to the furthest extreme , becoming a settler and setting up a yeshiva ( religious seminary ) in one of the most fanatical settlements .
Rontzky is a man in the spirit of the person who appointed him .
It will be remembered that , when asked what he felt when dropping a one - ton bomb on a residential area , air force Gen .
Halutz answered " a slight bump on the wing . "
In a discussion about whether to treat a wounded Palestinian on the Shabbat , Rontzky wrote that " the life of a goy is certainly valuable but the Shabbat is more important . "
Meaning : a dying goy should not be treated on Shabbat .
Later he retracted .
( In modern colloquial Hebrew , a goy is a non-Jew .
The term has distinctly derogatory connotations . )
The Israeli army has something that is called the " Ethical Code . "
True , the spiritual father of the code , Professor Asa Kasher , did defend the atrocities of the " Molten Lead " operation , but Rontzky went much further : he stated unequivocally that " When there is a clash between the Ethical Code and the Halakha [ religious law ] , certainly the Halakha must be followed . "
In a publication distributed by him , it was said that " the Bible prohibits us from giving up even one millimeter of Eretz Israel . "
In other words , the chief rabbi of the army , a brigadier of the IDF , asserts that the official policy of the Israeli government  from Ariel Sharon ’s " separation " to the recent speech by Binyamin Netanyahu on a " demilitarized Palestinian state "  is a mortal sin .
But the peak was reached in a brochure that the army rabbinate distributed to soldiers during the Gaza War : " Exercising mercy toward a cruel enemy means being cruel toward innocent and honest soldiers .
In war as in war . "
That was a clear incitement to brutality .
It can be seen as a call for acts that constitute war crimes  the very same acts that his colleague , the military advocate general , has done everything possible to cover up .
Neither of the two bearded brigadiers would have remained in office for a single day had they not enjoyed the full support of the chief of staff .
The army is a hierarchical institution , and full responsibility for everything that happens falls squarely and entirely on the chief .
Unlike his predecessors , Gabi Ashkenazi does not show off and does not speak in public frequently .
If he has political ambitions , he is hiding them well .
But during his term in office , the army has assumed a certain character , which is perfectly represented by these two officers .
This did not start , of course , with Ashkenazi .
He is continuing  and perhaps intensifying  a tendency that started long ago , and that has been changing the Israeli army beyond recognition .
The founder of Zionism , Theodor Herzl , famously wrote in his book Der Judenstaat , the founding document of the movement : " We shall know how to keep our clerics in the temples , as we shall know how to keep our regular army in the barracks they will not be allowed to interfere in the affairs of the state . "
Now the very opposite is happening : the rabbis have penetrated the army , the army officers come from the synagogues .
The hard core of the fanatical settlers , which is almost entirely composed of religious people ( many of whom are " reborn Jews " ) decided long ago to gain control of the army from within .
In a systematic campaign , which is in full swing , they penetrate the officers ’ corps from below  from the junior ranks to the middle to the senior ones .
One can see their success in statistics : from year to year the number of kippa - wearing officers is growing .
When the Israeli army came into being , the officers ’ corps was full of kibbutz members .
Not only were kibbutzniks considered the elite of the new Hebrew society , which was based on values of morality and culture , and not only were they the first to volunteer for every national task , but there were also inbuilt " technical " reasons .
The nucleus of the army came from the pre-state Palmach .
The Palmach companies constituted a fully - mobilized regular army , part of the underground military organization , the Haganah .
They could exist and operate freely only in the kibbutzim , where their identity could be camouflaged .
As a result , almost all the outstanding commanders in the 1948 war were from the Palmach , kibbutz members or close to them .
These did everything to imbue the new Defense Forces with the spirit of a pioneering , moral , and humanist citizens army , the very opposite of an occupation army .
True , the reality was always different , but the ideal was important as an aim to strive for .
As I showed in my 1950 book , The Other Side of the Coin , our " purity of arms " has always been a myth .
But the aspiration to be an army with humanist values was important .
Atrocities were hidden or denied , because they were considered shameful and dishonoring our camp .
Nothing has remained of all this , except phrases .
Since the beginning of the occupation in 1967 , the character of the army has changed completely .
The army that was founded in order to protect the state from external dangers has become an army of occupation , whose task is to oppress another people , crush their resistance , expropriate land , protect land robbers called settlers , man roadblocks , and humiliate human beings every day .
Of course , it is not the army alone that has changed , but also the state that gives the army its orders as well as its ongoing brainwashing .
In such an army , a process of natural selection takes place .
People of discrimination , with a high moral standard , who detest such actions , leave sooner or later .
Their place is taken by other types , people of different values or no values at all , " professional soldiers " who " just follow orders . "
Of course , one must beware of generalizing .
In today ’s army there are not a few people who believe that they are fulfilling a mission , for whom the " Ethical Code " is more than just a compilation of sanctimonious phrases .
These people are disgusted by what they see .
From time to time we hear their protests and see their disclosures .
However , it is not they who set the tone , but types like Rontzky and Mendelblit .
That should worry us very much .
We cannot treat the army as if it were a foreign realm that does not concern us .
We cannot tell ourselves , " We do n’t want to have anything to do with the army of a Moshe Ya’alon , a Shaul Mofaz , a Dan Halutz , or a Gabi Ashkenazi . "
We can not turn our back on the problem .
We must face it , because it is our problem .
The state needs an army .
Even after achieving peace , we shall need a strong and effective army in order to protect the state until peace strikes deep roots and we can set up a regional body along the lines of the European Union , perhaps .
The army is us .
Its character has an impact on all our lives , on the life of our state itself .
It has already been said : " Israel is not a banana republic .
It is a republic that slips on bananas . "
And what bananas !
The world is about to cross a demographic landmark of huge social and economic importance , with the proportion of the global population 65 and over set to outnumber children under five for the first time .
A new report by the US census bureau highlights a huge shift towards not just an ageing but an old population , with formidable consequences for rich and poor nations alike .
The transformation carries with it challenges for families and policymakers , ranging from how to care for older people living alone to how to pay for unprecedented numbers of pensioners – more than 1 billion of them by 2040 .
The report , An Ageing World : 2008 , shows that within 10 years older people will outnumber children for the first time .
It forecasts that over the next 30 years the number of over - 65s is expected to almost double , from 506 million in 2008 to 1.3 billion – a leap from 7 % of the world 's population to 14 % .
Already , the number of people in the world 65 and over is increasing at an average of 870,000 each month .
The rate of growth will shoot up in the next couple of years , with both overall numbers and proportions of older people rising rapidly .
The shift is due to a combination of the time - delayed impact of high fertility levels after the second world war and more recent improvements in health that are bringing down death rates at older ages .
Separate UN forecasts predict that the global population will top 9 billion by 2050 .
The US census bureau has led the way in sounding the alarm over the changes .
This is its ninth report drawing together data from around the globe since it first focused on the trend in 1987 .
Its latest projections warn governments and international bodies the tipping point will present widespread challenges at every level of human organisation , starting with the structure of the family , which will be transformed as people live longer .
That will in turn bring new burdens on carers and social services providers , while patterns of work and retirement will similarly have huge implications for health services and pensions systems .
" People are living longer , and in some parts of the world , healthier lives , " the authors conclude .
" This represents one of the crowning achievements of the last century but also a significant challenge as proportions of older people increase in most countries . "
Europe is the greyest continent , with 23 of the world 's 25 oldest countries .
Such dominance of the regional league table will continue .
By 2040 , more than one in four Europeans are expected to be at least 65 , and one in seven at least 75 .
The UK comes in at number 19 in the list of the world 's oldest countries .
Top of the pile is Japan , which recently supplanted Italy as the world 's oldest big country .
Its life expectancy at birth – 82 years – is matched only by Singapore , though in western Europe , France , Sweden and Italy all have life expectancies of more than 80 years ( in the UK it is 78.8 ) .
The contrast in life expectancy between rich and poor nations remains glaring .
The report shows that a person born in a developed country can expect to outlive his or her counterpart in the developing world by 14 years .
Zimbabwe holds the unfortunate record for the lowest life expectancy , which has been cut to 40 through a combination of Aids , famine and dictatorship .
But an important finding of the report is that the wave of ageing that has until recently been considered a phenomenon of the developed world is fast encroaching on poorer countries too .
More than 80 % of the increase in older people in the year up to July 2008 was seen in developing countries .
By 2040 , the poor world is projected to be home to more than 1 billion people aged 65 and over – fully 76 % of the world total .
Ageing will put pressure on societies at all levels .
One way of measuring that is to look at the older dependency ratio , or ODR , which acts as an indicator of the balance between working - age people and the older population that must be supported by them .
The ODR is the number of people aged 65 and over for every 100 people aged 20 to 64 .
It varies widely , from just six in Kenya and seven in Bangladesh , to 33 in Italy and also Japan .
The UK has an ODR of 26 , and the US has 21 .
From that ratio , a number of profound challenges flow .
Countries with a high ODR are already creaking under the burden of funding prolonged retirement for their older population .
Life expectancy after retirement has already reached 21 years for French men and 26 years for French women .
Though retirement ages have begun to rise in developed countries , partly through inducements from governments to continue working , this still puts an extreme burden on public pensions funds .
Socially , too , there are intense pressures on individuals and families .
With women living on average seven years longer than men , more older women are living alone .
Around half of all women 65 and over in Germany , Denmark and Slovakia are on their own , with all the consequent issues of loneliness and access to care that ensue .
The new science of quantum biology is teaching us about how the actual behavior of evolution is governed by disconcertingly spooky processes – time travel being one of them .
Will quantum computation finally be realized by biomimicry , in organic systems ?
Evolution is the new ( old ) computation … and we ’re about to take the reins .
One hundred and fifty years ago , paleontologist Thomas Henry Huxley ( an autodidact and philosopher who coined the term “ agnostic ” and was known as “ Darwin ’s Bulldog ” for his passionate defense of natural selection ) asserted that humankind would eventually take the processes of evolution into our own hands .
Within a few decades of his proclamation , a cadre of equally brilliant scientists including Werner Heisenberg , David Bohm , and Max Planck began to unravel the mysterious properties of quantum mechanics .
These two theories –- evolutionary and quantum dynamics — can each be considered among the most important discoveries of all time .
Taken together , they have changed almost everything about the way we understand reality .
However , in spite of the popularity of interdisciplinary research and unifying theories over the last hundred years ( despite , even , quantum physicist Erwin Schröedinger ’s 1944 book , What Is Life ? ) , it was only recently that the relationship between these two vastly important domains was even considered .
Now , a new kind of science , called “ quantum biology , ” is beginning to emerge –- and it could change everything we know , again ..
The premise is simple .
Life is a molecular process ; molecular processes operate according to the quantum playbook ; therefore , life is a quantum process .
And yet , it was n’t until the nineties that anyone suggested biology could be better understood by looking at it through the lens of quantum theory .
( The seminal paper was D.V. Nanopoulos ’
" Theory of brain function , quantum mechanics and superstrings . ” )
Not long after that , the idea caught on – particularly in the neurosciences , where the idea of the brain as a quantum computer quickly became a topic of fierce debate .
Quantum computation , a science still in its infancy , promises swiftness and efficiency vastly superior to anything possible with conventional silicon chips .
Rather than relying on binary bits like contemporary systems , quantum computers use “ qubits ” that include all possible superpositions of a particle ’s classical state .
Instead of being “ trapped ” in a single configuration , the logic gates of a quantum computer employ multiple possibilities in synchrony – using the entire set of alternative outcomes to arrive at an answer .
It ’s a promising avenue for people with big plans for strong AI or virtual reality .
The only complication is that coherence –- in which the many possible states of a particle or group of particles stay hung in superposition –- is something scientists have only been able to study under extremely controlled conditions .
It ’s only possible when that system does n’t interact with anything else that might “ collapse the wave function , ” and so most of the major options for quantum computing involve impractical scenarios like creating a supercooled vacuum .
This is one of the reasons that many scientists have considered quantum biology both unlikely and unscientific .
The thermal noise of biological systems seemed too great to allow for quantum weirdness ; and even if it could , how on Earth would we study it ?
But science is the story of ingenuity ’s victory over shortsightedness – and one research team , led by Gregory S. Engel at UC Berkeley , has devised way to directly detect and observe quantum - level processes within a cell using high - speed lasers .
They were trying to establish exactly how organic photosynthesis approaches 95 % efficiency , whereas the most sophisticated human solar cells operate at only half that .
What they discovered is nothing short of remarkable .
Using femtosecond lasers to follow the movement of light energy through a photosynthetic bacterial cell , Engel et al. observed the energy traveling along every possible direction at the same time .
Instead of following a single trajectory like the electrons on a silicon chip , the energy in photosynthesis explores all of its options and collapses the quantum process only after the fact , retroactively “ deciding ” upon the most efficient pathway .
What does this all mean ?
Not only does quantum phenomena occur in living systems , but the basic processes of life we take for granted rely on the transfer of information backward in time .
Life is so magical because it cheats .
Although the mechanisms by which a living cell can prevent decoherence by dampening its own chemical “ noise ” remain utterly mysterious , findings such as Engels ’ conclusively demonstrate that room - temperature quantum computing is possible ( and knowing how something works is n’t always necessary in order to use it ) .
And Engel ’s group is n’t the only team to detect it : other laboratories have implicated a phenomenon called electron tunneling ( micro- teleportation , in which an electron disappears in one location and instantaneously appears somewhere else without having traveled the intermediate distance ) at work behind a range of organic phenomena , from our sense of smell and the activities of our enzymes to the neutralization of free radicals with anti-oxidants … possibly even consciousness itself .
Paul Davies ( Arizona State University ) and JohnJoe McFadden ( The University of Surrey ) have independently suggested that computation in the netherworld of quantum coherence might explain how the earliest self - replicating molecules overcame the inestimable odds against them –- life ’s very existence may be the consequence and continued operation of a quantum computer .
We may ultimately have to accept our human quest for qubit calculation as a kind of biomimicry , rather than something new and unique .
Quantum biology stands to answer other big questions , as well –- questions that many contemporary biologists prefer to ignore .
McFadden , in his excellent primer Quantum Evolution , cites several experiments that suggest certain mutations are “ intelligent , ” even “ anticipatory . ”
For example , bacterial cultures have been observed to evolve clever responses to lab toxins at speeds that – just like the emergence of DNA from a primordial soup – defy astronomical odds .
Can biological quantum calculation account for this ?
McFadden thinks so .
( His hypothesis was itself anticipated in the science fiction of Greg Egan , whose novel Teranesia featured some very “ spooky ” retrocausal mutations – including the instantaneous appearance of entire new ecosystems via competing future evolutionary scenarios .
Whether such extreme examples of quantum biological principles are possible remains to be seen . )
As we continue to probe biological phenomena that beat quantum computer scientists to the punch , a new picture emerges of evolutionary computing and design .
Huxley ’s prophecy that we will eventually take the reins of our own evolution might come true sooner than predicted by establishment geneticists .
But by appealing to the quantum oracle , we may be acting in service of something far older and more intelligent than we can even guess .
Ultrafast computing , accelerated by our explorations into the new science of quantum biology , could well be the critical technology that pushes us over the edge into the Singularity – a timeless and transcendent event in which we already live , because it is the nature of life itself – a vast sentience beyond human comprehension , and we are merely the newest avenue for its expression in the world .
Classical or quantum , human or ecological , natural selection still gets the last laugh .
WASHINGTON — Rep. Charles Rangel failed to report as much as $ 1.3 million in outside income — including up to $ 1 million for a Harlem building sale — on financial - disclosure forms he filed between 2002 and 2006 , according to newly amended records .
The documents also show the embattled chairman of the Ways and Means Committee — who is being probed by the House Ethics Committee — failed to reveal a staggering $ 3 million in various business transactions over the same period .
This week , Rangel filed drastically revised financial - disclosure forms reflecting new , higher amounts of outside income and numerous additional business deals that had not been reported when the reports were originally filed .
In 2004 , for instance , Rangel reported earning between $ 4,000 and $ 10,000 in outside earnings on top of his $ 158,100 congressional salary .
But the amended filings show that after the sale of a property on West 132nd Street , his outside income that year was somewhere between $ 118,000 and $ 1.04 million .
The forms filed by House members provide for a range of value on such transactions , so the precise number is n’t publicly known .
Rangel also lowballed his income by as much as $ 70,000 in 2002 , $ 46,000 in 2003 and $ 117,000 in 2006 , records show .
Only in 2005 did Rangel reveal his total outside income .
Members of Congress are required to disclose all their assets and outside income in an effort to expose possible undue influences .
Rangel ’s office insists the Harlem Democrat did not conceal any outside income from the IRS and is paid up on his taxes .
The Post revealed yesterday that Rangel is in arrears on New Jersey property taxes — for property that for more than 15 years he failed to disclose to Congress and the public .
Another area of wide discrepancy in his financial - disclosure forms is where he ’s required to list financial transactions .
Every year between 2002 and 2007 , Rangel failed to include all his deals for the year , according to records .
On his 2002 and 2003 financial - disclosure statements , Rangel did not include any transactions whatsoever , according to papers on file with the House clerk .
But the amended records filed this month show as much as $ 310,000 in business deals in 2002 and up to $ 80,000 in transactions in 2003 .
In 2004 , Rangel left off his disclosure form as much as $ 430,000 in stock transactions , amended records show .
One of those deals he did include as a transaction on his original disclosure was the sale of the brownstone on West 132nd Street .
But in the same report , Rangel failed to include proceeds from that sale as outside income .
That has been revised in the amended report .
Despite the reported sale , city records still show Rangel is the owner of that property .
His nephew , Ralph , who appears to live in the building , would n’t answer questions yesterday .
Rangel ’s office declined numerous requests yesterday for explanation .
The problems with Rangel ’s 2004 disclosure report were so glaring that apparently they caught someone ’s attention , forcing Rangel to write a letter correcting his failure to fully disclose transactions that year .
“ I listed only the real - estate transactions in which we were involved in calendar year 2004 on the transactions schedule because I was not aware of such details as the date and magnitude of the transactions involving our securities holding in the Merrill Lynch account , ” he wrote in a May 2006 letter to House Clerk Karen Haas .
churt@nypost.com
Advertisements
Bill O’Reilly had Glenn Beck on his FNC program tonight for what could best be described as a tag team effort to discredit the Color of Change boycott of advertisers on Beck ’s show .
O’Reilly claimed that the boycott was being carried out by “ left wing loons . ”
Beck blamed Van Jones , and the commies in the Obama administration .
Here is the video courtesy of Media Matters :
Advertisements
O’Reilly said , “ You may remember that earlier this year a fanatical left pressure group called Think Progress tried to get sponsors to boycott The O’Reilly Factor .
That effort failed dismally , now Glenn Beck is under fire from another crazy group founded by a guy who is working inside the Obama administration . ”
Bill - O continued the spin job by later saying , “ You ’ve got far left loons are over the place in this country , and they want to hurt you and they want to hurt me , because they do n’t really believe in freedom of speech , the far left loons .
They want to hear what they want and if you oppose them , they hate you . ”
Beck went on the attack against Van Jones .
Beck admitted that he did n’t know if Jones was targeting him but said , “ I have been telling the truth about this guy for some time .
This guy is our new green jobs czar , and he is a self proclaimed communist revolutionary , named his four year old son after a Marxist guerilla out of Africa … believes that Mao Zedong was a great guy .
He is now in the White House as a special advisor . ”
Instead of being a radical group as Beck and O’Reilly charge , here is what Color of Change does according to their website , “ ColorOfChange.org is comprised of Black folks from every economic class , as well as those of every color who seek to help our voices be heard .
Our members are united behind a simple , powerful pledge : we will do all we can to make sure all Americans are represented , served , and protected — regardless of race or class . ”
So Beck and O’Reilly considers a group that is out to politically organize minorities to be radical .
Something tells me that if Color of Change was a bunch of white people backing Republicans , Beck and O’Reilly would be praising them .
If I understand this correctly , Beck is having his free speech violated , even though he still has his show and is free to say whatever he wants because some advertisers left him .
Notice how Glenn and Bill conveniently ignore the fact that the boycott started when Beck called Obama a racist on Fox and Friends .
Advisers are n’t leaving Beck because of communists in the White House .
They are leaving Beck because race based politics scares the hell out of corporate America .
Beck brought this all on himself .
This segment tonight was the beginning of the Fox News push back against the boycott .
They are going to try to frame it as a bunch of radical lefties out to get Beck .
Unlike the Think Progress boycott of O’Reilly which did have very little success , the Color of Change boycott has worked .
FNC can try to spin this any way they want , but it has been a constant headache for Beck and the network .
Christine Brown is a loan officer at a bank but is worried about her lot in life .
She 's in competition with a competent colleague for an assistant manager position and is n't too sure about her status with a boyfriend .
Worried that her boss will think less of her if she shows weakness , she refuses a time extension on a loan to an old woman , Mrs. Ganush , who now faces foreclosure and the loss of her house .
In retaliation , the old woman place a curse on her which , she subsequently learns , will result in her being taken to hell in a few days time .
With the help of a psychic , she tries to rid herself of the demon , but faces several hurdles in the attempt .
Written by garykmcd
All the same , in 2000 she led a successful compaign for women to be allowed to wear colours rather than the all - black garb that had previously been decreed .
And today , she backs her husband 's calls to scrap the morality patrols , the squads of hardliners who harrass young women for wearing their compulsory headscarves too loosely .
That may not go quite far enough for some of today 's more fashionable young Persian women , many of whom see plastic surgery to get a slender " Julia Roberts " nose as the only really compulsory style item .
But it is still better than Mr Ahmadinejad 's conservative vision .
Generational differences can be put aside in a galaxy far far away .
( submitted by JennyAnn )
Gradtuation
I ’ve graduated , as of about a month ago actually .
I actually did it .
I actually completed something major in my life .
I even received the diploma in the mail .
Wow !!
You ’re damned right I put pipe cleaner spiders on my cap .
With any luck , I will soon be a cum laude graduate – I had received a C in one of my classes , and at the risk of sounding like a pretentious douche I was admittedly skeptical .
I had received As and Bs on all of my assignments up until that point ( I had a problem , and had to go to this data recovery services company ) , so a C grade did n’t make any sense … as it turns out , the professor had a brain fart , and somehow the wrong grade was entered into the final transcript .
I should have an A in the class .
She ’s submitting a grade change application and I should soon have a high enough GPA to have cum laude status , which I am really proud of !
So , here ’s to closing my undergraduate chapter , and opening the doors to new beginnings , new opportunities , wherever life happens to take me …
Chemistry
Currently I ’ve been reading what is , so far , turning out to be an amazing book – Love 2.0 by Dr. Barbara Fredrickson ( ISBN 978-0-14-218047-1 ) , which explains to us that everything we think we know about love is wrong , as explained by science .
It ’s really resonating with me , and as much as I hate to admit , it and some concurrent life experiences are making me less cynical in my views of love , sex , and relationships .
I ’m still analytical to a fault about everything … but I digress .
I ’m only about 50 pages in but so far I ’ve gathered what her definition of “ love ” is – positivity resonance between two or more human beings , regardless of shared history , pre-existing bonds ( if any ) , level of intimacy , etc .
That when two people seem to really “ click ” , their brains will literally synchronize ; studies have revealed that when people are so emotionally in tune with one another in one of these moments of “ positivity resonance ” , the participants ’ brains will be firing in the same areas , and sometimes one brain will predict the actions of the other !
It is your mirror neurons going into overdrive , it seems , that drives what Dr. Fredrickson describes as “ love ” , and that love does n’t have to happen with someone you are “ close ” with , that love can happen between two strangers .
Love is , she describes , our “ supreme emotion ” , and she goes on to say that we need it like we need oxygen , food , and water – it is a nutrient essential to us as sentient , emotional beings , and that going too long without love has substantial and quantifiably negative health effects .
I ’ll stop reiterating what ’s in her book – you can buy it yourself if you want .
For now , I ’m just going to expand on her thoughts and findings , as it ’s made me realize some things of my own .
It has happened to all of us – you meet someone you just immediately “ click ” with .
Cerebral synergy , positivity resonance , being “ on the same page ” , whatever you wish to call it , we ’ve all been there , where you just immediately seem to “ tune in ” to one another and strangership seems to skip the acquaintanceship stage entirely , and you jump right into a more intimate , friendly situation .
This is regardless of romantic inclinations , but it can obviously apply to both .
Why the hell does this happen ?
How can this happen ?
I ’m not , and never have been , one for “ love at first sight ” .
But I do think that millions of years of evolution could absolutely give us the biological and psychological tools necessary to form incredibly strong bonds with other human beings in relatively small amounts of time .
Are these bonds superficial and ephemeral ; is their purpose linked to short - term survival strategy , hard - coded in our ancestral DNA ?
Are these bonds sustainable ?
Surely it seems counterintuitive for something that came about so quickly to last more than a short while – it ’s what we ’re conditioned to believe , at least .
But let ’s break it down , let ’s distill it to a suite of biological and chemical interactions within ourselves with evolutionary context .
That ’s all “ we ” are , after all , whether you wish to accept it or not .
It seems that effective communication combined with effective internal and external awareness – awareness of your own actions and how they interact with the actions of another person , and how they both resonate with one another – can make people ’s minds open up and be more receptive to what Dr. Fredrickson calls “ love ” .
There ’s also a definite body language component to it … facing somebody full on , exposing your “ vulnerable ” torso and abdomen to them ; as it turns out , when you are comfortable around somebody , your ribcage expands slightly – surely we notice this on a subconscious level .
Micro-expressions are also important , subtle facial cues that you do n’t notice on a conscious level , but they provide cues as to what the other person is really thinking or feeling .
Eye contact is perhaps the most important , as those micro-expressions are hard or even impossible to detect without some level of eye contact .
Eye contact can induce the release of one or many hormones and / or neurotransmitters , oxytocin being an example , which may trigger a chain reaction of neurochemicals , all resulting in you becoming more receptive to the other person .
These things culminate in that synergy , positivity resonance , feelings of genuine happiness and companionship , feelings of being accepted by someone else – a sense of having your own well - being cared for by someone else , while you care about theirs .
When you look at it this way , to me , it makes sense that it could be sustainable in the long - term .
Why would our evolutionary history dictate we invest so much complexity and energy into something that would be ephemeral ?
Think about the downsides of a strong , yet ephemeral , bond : heartache , regret , longing , confusion .
That does n’t seem beneficial , though we must be careful not to think teleologically , here .
Think of all the friendships you ’ve made because you and another person , say , someone you sat next to at a lunch table at school one time , just really hit it off , and remained friends ever since .
I can think of my own personal relationships that started off with very rapid positivity resonance .
In fact , one of those relationships – forged entirely over the Internet , mind you – will be ten years old this month , and I still consider her to be one of my two best friends in the whole world .
WOW .
What ’s our secret ?
Well , I ca n’t really say .
Internet - facilitated relationships lack all of those physical , biological , and chemical cues , so something else must be at play , here .
“ Neuroplasticity ” gets thrown around a lot , and it ’s typically used to allude to the your brain ’s ability to “ rewire ” itself , form new connections , and reinforce old ones .
Maybe this has something to do with it ?
Forming new connections and retrofitting them so that they interact with our existing interfaces for “ love ” and “ positivity resonance ” , so that even in the absence of microexpressions et al , we can still get those same feelings as if we were in the physical presence of the other person .
It does make me wonder , however , how we perceive such virtual interactions and what sort of “ internal ” criteria we have for what triggers a “ positivity resonance ” response , and what does n’t .
Furthermore there comes the issue of not ever really knowing if the other person is on board – is the positivity resonance not actually resonating at all , but instead is one - sided ?
Something to think about , something to look into , something to maybe try quantifying .
I ’ve just had too many profound experiences with fostering amazing relationships ( romantic or otherwise ) in the absence of continuous physical presence , so I am skeptical of claims that positivity resonance et al can only persist when you are physically near each other .
Things to think about .
I think I ’m done for now .
Need food .
OSLO ( Reuters ) - The Pacific island state of Tuvalu set a goal Sunday of a 100 percent shift to renewable energy by 2020 , hoping to set an example to industrialized nations to cut greenhouse gases it blames for rising sea levels .
Tuvalu , a string of coral atolls whose highest point is 4.5 meters ( 15 ft ) above sea level , estimates it would cost just over $ 20 million to generate all electricity for its 12,000 people from solar and wind power and end dependence on diesel .
“ We look forward to the day when our nation offers an example to all -- powered entirely by natural resources such as the sun and the wind , ” Kausea Natano , minister for public utilities and industries , said in setting the 2020 target .
Tuvalu and many other low - lying atolls in the Pacific , the Indian Ocean and the Caribbean fear that rising sea levels could wipe them off the map .
They want governments to agree a strong new U.N. deal in Copenhagen in December to slow climate change .
Natano said in a statement that Tuvalu ’s own efforts to curb the islanders ’ tiny greenhouse gas emissions “ will strengthen our voice ” in the negotiations .
A first $ 410,000 solar system on the roof of the main soccer stadium in the capital , Funafuti , has been generating 5 percent of electricity for the town since it was installed in late 2008 .
The installation was led by Japan ’s Kansai Electric Power Co. backed by Tokyo Electric Power Co. Both are members of the e8 , an international non-profit organization of 10 utilities from the Group of Eight industrialized countries .
SOLAR - POWERED SCHOOL
G8 leaders at a July 8 - 10 summit in Italy promised to help the poor cope with climate change , but have not yet said how much cash or technology they will provide .
“ We are hoping to secure assistance from our traditional donor partners and any other funding assistance to achieve ( the ) ultimate goal ” of 100 percent renewable power , Natano said .
Tuvalu says that “ king tides ” whipped up by more powerful cyclones are already bringing salt water onto crops .
Sea levels rose 17 cm ( 6 inches ) in the 20th century and the U.N. Climate Panel estimated in 2007 they could rise by another 18 - 59 cm by 2100 , and perhaps even more if a thaw of Greenland or Antarctica accelerates .
Tuvalu , a group of atolls covering 26 sq km , aims to expand the e8 project from 40 to 60 kilowatts and extend solar power to outer islands , starting this year with an $ 800,000 solar power system for a school in Vaitupu funded by the Italian government .
“ The plight of Tuvalu versus the rising tide vividly represents the worst early consequence of climate change , ” said Takao Shiraishi , general manager of Kansai Electric Power Co .
The islands , halfway between Australia and Hawaii , would keep generators as back - up sources of power .
Tuvalu ’s average fuel consumption is 5,000 liters of imported diesel per day .
Tuvalu ’s annual emissions of the heat - trapping carbon dioxide , the main greenhouse gas from burning fossil fuels , are just 0.4 ton per inhabitant against more than 20 per American .
On Tuesday , the president of the government ’s investigative arm , the Control Yuan , said he would look into whether agencies or officials had a role in the extent of devastation .
“ If no corrective measures are taken we will impeach them , impeach them and impeach them until they do what we want them to do , ” said Wang Chien - hsuan , the agency ’s president .
Most everyone here has been stunned by the ferocity of the typhoon , which dumped more than 80 inches of water in some places , swelling rivers that washed away bridges and spurring landslides that buried entire villages .
A weekend of typhoons claimed two dozen lives in eastern China , Japan and the Philippines , but Morakot had its deadliest impact on the isolated hamlets that dot the mountains of southern Taiwan .
Rescue officials , cut off from dozens of communities , have been unable to estimate the number of the dead or missing .
Residents who have made it out alive , however , suggest that the figures could be well into the hundreds .
Li Jing - rong , 50 , a farmer from Hsiao - lin , a village of 1,300 set deep within the craggy folds of Kaohsiung County , said the most densely settled part of town was erased by a wall of rock and dirt that narrowly missed his home .
Image Kaohsiung County was hit hard by floods and landslides .
Credit ...
The New York Times
“ No one could have survived that , ” he said .
He said that at least 600 people , including his parents , were swept away around 6 a.m. on Sunday .
The survivors from his end of the village , about 40 people , scurried to an open area and then spent three days waiting in the rain before helicopters arrived on Tuesday .
He said a separate group of 30 , including his brother , were waiting for help in another valley .
I first fell in love with the Alfa Romeo 8C Competizione when I saw it up close and personal at last year ’s Motor4Toys Exotic Car Show .
The company is now releasing an even more breathtaking Spider convertible that will arrive on our shores starting January of 2010 .
There will only be 500 units of the Alfa Romeo 8C Spider produced , just like it ’s hardtop brethren .
However , an even scarcer 35 are scheduled for the US with a manufacturers ’ cost of $ 299,000 ( which includes shipping ) .
This price makes the Alfa Romeo 8C Competizione Spider the company ’s most expensive model to date .
That said , you can be sure that real world prices for this car will probably clip north of $ 500,000 .
The 8C Spider will be built in Modena , Italy with many of its parts sourced from Ferrari and the Maserati GranTurismo .
A 4.7 - liter V8 engine capable of 450 hp at 7,000 is mated with an automatic 6 - speed gearbox with paddle - shifters mounted behind the steering wheel .
Stopping power comes via racing - inspired carbon - ceramic Brembo brakes .
This is a tremendous platform for Alfa Romeo and , as such , it looks like the company will seek to push the envelope a bit further .
The Alfa Romeo 8C Competizione hardtop is going to be repackaged in a high - performance GTA version sometime next year .
There will only be 100 examples of this car produced .
However , there is some speculation that the Alfa Romeo 8C Competizione Spider may also get released as a GTA version as well somewhere down the line .
We ’ll keep you posted …
Source : Alfa Romeo
By John David Lewis - August 3 , 2009
As the issue of health care reform builds to a legislative climax , it is important that we not merely parrot the same kinds of proposals we have seen for the past 50 years .
A Point of View writer on this page recently lamented that " after a half - century of attempted reform " we have not reached the promised land of equality in health care .
Let me rephrase this :
After 50 years of increasing government interventions , through a maze of agencies that now control half of all medical dollars in America , the financial mess is getting worse .
But rather than simply presume that more programs and more coercions are the answer , should we not at least consider that the source of the problem may be those very programs and that the solution lies elsewhere ?
Historically , the huge rise in health care costs began in the 1960s with the Great Society programs , especially Medicare .
Fiscally , that program is approaching insolvency .
To create an even greater labyrinth of bureaucracy now -- in new programs that , after juggling the figures , advocates are proud to say will cost less than a thousand billion dollars over 10 years -- is to add to the very cause that led to the rising costs and to invite a monumental financial crisis in the next decade .
Economically , this is hard to dispute .
But such economic arguments have not stopped the train to further government intervention , and we should ask why .
The answer is that the advocates of government medicine are upholding health care as a moral right .
Desiring to mandate this " right " by legislative fiat , they have been unwilling to face the cause and effect relationship between increasing government actions and rising prices .
That is because the moral goal of equality , measured against the claims to a right to health care , has trumped the mere economic arguments .
As a result , calls for more and wider programs -- to enforce the " right " -- have continued , even as prices rise .
This has led to even greater price distortions , which have fueled calls for more interventions , leading to higher prices and demands for more programs .
This vicious cycle is blinding people to the fact that the fundamental cause of the problem is the government interventions , which have caused the distortions .
Again , even a cursory look at the evidence shows the cost problem beginning in the late 1960s , when the government began its massive increase in programs designed to make us all equal by legislative decree .
And if one thinks that England today is a model for what a country should do , one may not know the reality of six - bed wards in National Health Service hospitals , of patients waiting over a year for heart operations or of refrigerated trucks in hospital parking lots to store bodies from the flu season ( all of which I saw when living there ) .
Just ask yourself what your car insurance would cost if everyone demanded it as a government - guaranteed " right . "
Imagine car repair shops having to go through a 10 - year approval process -- as pharmaceutical companies must -- before offering a service that the government will then provide to millions of people as a " right . "
Then ask what the response would be if some people broke with the consensus and said that car repairs were a service to be paid for .
They would be shouted down as immoral -- while people demanded that their insurance pay for oil changes and ripped seats .
Congress would pass more programs .
Prices would quadruple , and car insurance would become a crushing expense .
Those who want to see an end to spiraling medical costs should challenge the premises behind the government interventions .
The first premise is moral : that medical care is a right .
It is not .
There was no right to such care before doctors , hospitals , and pharmaceutical companies produced it .
Health care is a service , which we all need , and none of us are better served by placing our lives and our doctors under coercive bureaucratic control .
The second premise is economic : that the government can produce a positive result by redistributing thousands of billions of dollars from its most productive citizens .
This is the road to stagnation and national bankruptcy , not universal prosperity .
If Congress really wanted to address health care problems , it could begin with three things : ( 1 ) tort reform , to end the ruinous lawsuits that force medical specialists into insurance costs of hundreds of thousands of dollars per year ; ( 2 ) Medicare reform , to face squarely the fact of the program 's insolvency ; and ( 3 ) regulatory reform , to roll back the onerous rules that force doctors , hospitals and pharmaceutical companies ( who are pilloried for producing the care that many people then demand as a " right " ) into satisfying bureaucratic dictates rather than solving patients ' problems .
Mike Bradley was one of the original workers who occupied the offices of Vestas .
He gave an impassioned speech at the August 8 rally in Newport , Isle of Wight , where he reminded supporters that the struggle for Vestas to be nationalised can still be won .
Video from Ventnor Blog .
[ For more background information , go to http://links.org.au/node/1168 and http://links.org.au/node/1175.]
August 7 , 2009 -- http://savevestas.wordpress.com --
The Vestas workers ' occupation of the Newport [ Isle of Wight wind turbine ] plant occupation may be over , but the campaign is very definitely not .
In fact , ... “ it ’s just getting going ” !
Vestas ’ doings will still be disrupted as they go about attempting to ``tie up '' business on the Isle of Wight .
Workers , activists and locals remain wholly committed , in ever - growing numbers , to the campaign to save the green - collar jobs in Newport and Southampton .
Europe - wide , Vestas is feeling the blast of public dissent over this factory closure .
It is being forced to understand that wider issues are at stake here than simply ``job cuts ' ' : this economic meltdown coincides with the beginnings worldwide of devastating climate change – capitalism ’s self - inflicted carnage – fatal not only to bats but human beings in their millions .
Inaction , which our leaders attempt to attribute to the imperfections of the market and the industrial planning system we have nationally , is not acceptable to anyone with an interest in the world .
Photo by David Smith / savevestas.wordpress.com .
More pictures of the occupation 's end HERE .
savevestas.wordpress.com
Vestas workers ' march shows the fight for jobs goes on
By Sian Ruddick , Newport , Isle of Wight
August 8 , 2009 -- Socialist Worker ( UK ) --
More than 250 workers , supporters and activists gathered in St Thomas 's Square in Newport , the Isle of Wight , today to show Vestas management and the government that their campaign for jobs and justice for Vestas workers is far from over .
The rally was led by Vestas workers who had occupied the factory for two and a half weeks in protest at the closure of their factory and the loss of 600 jobs .
They ended their occupation yesterday .
Mike , one of the workers , told the rally , “ We have shown that ordinary people can stand up and make a difference .
I 'm not an eco-warrior .
I 'm just a normal guy standing up for my family and for the island 's economy .
“ The closure does n't just affect us , it affects the whole island .
That 's why it 's so important for us to stay organised .
We nee to put pressure on the government and on the council of the Isle of Wight to save these jobs . ”
Many Vestas workers spoke at the rally and thanked people for their support .
Mark Smith told the crowd , “ Do n't allow yourselves to be bullied by management .
We 've shown that , even if they try to stop you from organising , you still can . ”
Workers from different unions joined the march to back the Vestas workers , including from the GMB , Unison and RMT , as well as environmental campaigners .
Jonathan Neale from the Campaign Against Climate Change said , “ All over the country people are facing a similar situation and this struggle has been an inspiration to them .
The national day of action on Wednesday needs to be just that – a national one .
We need to see , in towns and cities all over the country , solidarity action with the Vestas workers . ”
People marched out of the square and , instead of taking the usual route of previous demonstrations , they marched onto the dual carriageway and took over a lane , chanting , “ What do we want ?
Nationalisation !
When do we want it ?
Now ! ”
Passing cars honked their horns in support .
[ Listen to an account of the August 8 march by a Vestas worker at Ventnor Blog HERE or below ]
Justin , a Vestas worker , said , “ The government has to start listening .
There 's been plenty of talk but what we need now is action . ”
As the march came towards the industrial estate where the Vestas factory sits , workers led the demonstrators round the back of the Vestas factory and onto the site .
People marched to the front of the factory , which had been out of bounds because of a fence , and held a temporary sit -in in front of the doors .
They demanded that the manager come out and address the workers .
There is a meeting for all workers on the Isle of Wight tomorrow evening to discuss the next stages of the campaign and to build for the national day of action on Wednesday .
Tears and cheers for Vestas heroes
By Paul Haste
August 7 , 2009 -- Morning Star --
Vestas workers ended their 18 - day occupation of Britain ’s last remaining wind turbine factory on August 6 , declaring their fight to be “ just the start ” of a mass campaign for green jobs .
The last six workers to leave the occupied plant were given a heroes ’ reception by the hundreds of local residents and supporters who gathered outside the factory near Newport on the Isle of Wight after the company ’s private security force enforced a court ruling to end the protest .
One of the workers , Jamie Rigby , left the factory on his own terms , jumping 30 feet from a balcony draped with a banner declaring the workers ’ defiant message to his bosses : “ Vestas , this is only the start — you will lose . ”
Another of the occupiers , Ian Terry , abseiled down the factory wall and insisted that the workers ’ fight against the company closing down the plant and tearing up the livelihoods of 625 people was “ worth all of the sacrifices ” .
“ I would definitely do it all again .
If anyone ’s got a spare factory going , let me know because I ’ll come and occupy it ” , he said .
But as the occupation at Newport came to an end , protesters at a roof top demonstration at a second Vestas site in nearby Cowes vowed to “ continue for as long as the workers want us to ” .
The fight against Vestas began July 20 when the multinational wind turbine firm — despite increasing its profits by 70 per cent in just the first three months of this year and awarding 13 of its directors a huge £ 9 million in bonuses — announced the mass sackings .
Vestas RMT union representatives Mike Godley and Sean McDonagh were joined by the union ’s leaders Bob Crow and John Leach as they met Minister for the Department of Energy and Climate Change Joan Ruddock just before the court order against the occupation was awarded .
Godley related that Ruddock had said that she was fully supportive that those who took part in the occupation should not lose their redundancy pay as the company had threatened .
“ She said that no workers should be discriminated against for standing up for their jobs ” , Mr Godley said .
“ And she also said : ‘ Vestas might have abandoned the island , but the government wo n’t ’ ” , he added .
RMT revealed that ministers had earlier tried to offer Vestas cash to refit the factory and had even raised the possibility of a government “ takeover ” but that the company had refused .
Godley suggested that the refusal meant that Vestas “ intends to keep hold of the factory to start up production again when they consider it will be profitable ” .
But RMT general secretary Crow stressed that , if that was the case , then there should be an immediate investigation into the company ’s activities .
“ It appears from the meeting with the minister that Vestas kicked the legs from under a perfewctly viable rescue deal which could have saved the factory ” , he said .
Crow praised the workers for their stand , asserting that “ everyone involved in the Vestas occupation can hold their heads up high and be proud of the brave fight they have put up for green jobs .
They have turned a local fight over a factory closure on the Isle of Wight into a global battle for the future of manufacturing in the renewable energy sector and that is an extraordinary achievement . ”
Ventnor Blog 's video compilation of the occupation 's end
August 7 , 2009 -- Ventnor Blog --
Have fun ( click on each picture to watch the video ) .
Having just started a blog with the tagline “ getting more from life ” , I ’ve been thinking a lot about how to do this myself !
A lot of personal development or change advice focuses on the longer term ( especially in areas like finance or career ) , but here I want to look at squeezing the most from the little moments and how to feel satisfied and fulfilled in the shorter term .
Some of the suggestions below are things I ’m already doing , some are ones I plan to do .
I ’d love to hear some of yours too , so please do add to this list in the comments , if you have any favourites that I ’ve missed out !
Getting More From Each Day
1 . Have a “ quiet time ”
Spend just ten minutes of the day in prayer , meditation or silent reflection .
( I find that the best time for this is first thing in the morning , before breakfast . )
You might want to read a passage from the Bible or another holy book , or you might simply sit quietly and think about the day ahead .
2 . Open a book
You probably wo n’t have the time to read a whole novel or non-fiction book in a day – but you can at least open one .
Once you ’ve read a page or two , you ’ll probably be motivated to keep going .
3. Walk
Most of us do n’t get enough exercise .
I find that I ’m not great at sticking to a gym routine , but I make the effort to walk for at least 45 minutes ( usually at least an hour ) each day .
It ’s physically and mentally refreshing , and it keeps me from feeling cooped up at my desk .
4. Laugh
Laughing regularly is believed to reduce stress .
Find an excuse to laugh at least once a day : watch an episode of a favourite comedy program , or look for web comics or humour blogs that you love .
Do n’t see this as a waste of time – see it as a way to give yourself a happiness boost and an inoculation against stress .
E. E. Cummings once said “ the most wasted of all days is one without laughter . ”
How very true .
I try to be never be too busy to laugh , or too serious to smile .
( The Perfect Day )
5 . Say “ I love you ”
Those three little words mean so much to you and to the person who hears them .
Tell your partner “ I love you ” every day , or call your parents , grandparents or other close relative .
Getting More From Each Week
6 . Switch off your computer for a day
Since you ’re reading this on a blog , I ’d guess that you spend a fair bit of time online each week .
Many of us live in a state of hyper - connectedness , which can make life feel frantic and rushed .
Like our broadband connections , we feel like we ’re “ always on ” .
Each week , find a twenty - four hour period to switch off your computer and unplug completely .
7 . Write a letter / card
Sitting down to handwrite a letter or card can be as refreshing as a period of quiet time .
When people are inundated with emails and other electronic communications , receiving a real letter in the post is an absolute joy : anticipate how they ’ll feel as you enjoy writing .
8 . Try a new recipe
Do you eat pretty much the same menu each week ?
Dig out some of your recipe books ( or look for inspiration on a site like BBC Good Food ) and make it a goal to try one new recipe each week .
We did this at the start of the year , and discovered a number of new favourites .
9 . Write in a journal
I ’ve written before about keeping a journal , and it ’s a habit that I find very helpful – when I manage to stay committed to doing it .
A daily journal might feel like too much , so try setting aside 30 - 60 minutes once a week to sit down and write about your thoughts and experiences .
10 . Finish a book
If you ’re reading a bit each day , you should be able to finish an average length novel or book in a week .
Pick something you enjoy rather than something you feel you should read , and ask friends for recommendations if you ’re not sure what to try .
Make it a paper book , not an ebook : the reading experience is different when you can curl up undisturbed in a chair .
Getting More From Each Month
11 . Write a list of achievements
Something I ’ve been doing on a monthly basis since the start of 2008 is keeping a list of achievements .
This takes me perhaps ten minutes each month , but it ’s been a huge help in not only encouraging me to strive for new achievements but also in helping me recognise and celebrate my progress .
12 . Do a thirty - day trial
The idea of thirty - day trials has been popularised by Steve Pavlina and other personal development bloggers – and for good reason .
Committing to something like a new diet , an exercise regime , or daily meditation is much easier when you ’ve got an end or goal in sight .
If there ’s something that you keep meaning to do but find it hard to face starting on , try a thirty - day trial .
13 . Learn something new
Each month , set yourself a specific goal about learning something new .
It does n’t need to be something big : perhaps you want to learn to use a new software package , or learn the absolute basics of a new language .
It could be something hobby - related : this month , I ’m teaching myself to knit .
14 .
Have a work - free weekend
Many of us find that work spills over into the weekend .
Perhaps you have too much to do in the office , or perhaps you have a side business that takes up a lot of your free time .
Maybe you ’re studying for a degree or other qualification , and often spend your weekends on that .
It ’s not always possible to keep every weekend work - free , but having at least one work - free weekend each month can really help to improve your quality of life .
You might even want to extend this further and shoot for A Weekend Unplugged , avoiding computers , television and cell phones too .
15 . Volunteer
Finally , find some time , even if it ’s just an hour or two , to volunteer some of your time each month .
Church and community organisations are often great sources of opportunities to really get involved and make a difference .
Volunteering is unique in that it gives you a very pure opportunity to connect with people that you may never have met otherwise .
I am always surprised by how much I learn about myself through relationships I never would have forged if I had n’t volunteered my time .
( 4 Effective Practices for Gaining Perspective )
What do you do , on a daily , weekly or monthly basis , to get more from life ?
What would make the biggest difference to your happiness and sense of purpose , if you did it on a regular basis ?
Photo by Notsogoodphotography
Why donate to [ L ]ife ?
I would like to provide all my readers and guests with the best content I can provide .
With the popularity of this site growing I will have to begin paying to host this site as well as purchase a dedicated server to handle all of its traffic and being a college student every little bit helps .
Thank you .
About Raymond James
No matter the business , we believe if we do what ’s right for clients , we ’ll help them achieve success while also realizing our own .
It ’s that simple .
Update : I 've updated this post substantially in these two articles , 10 years later :
How to cook great Japanese style rice , and How to make sushi rice ( shari ) .
Please take a look there - you 'll probably find them a lot clearer .
I 've learned a lot myself in 10 years !
^_^
This is the first how - to and recipe that I posted on Just Hungry .
Properly cooked rice is the foundation of a traditional Japanese meal , and you absolutely cannot skimp on the steps detailed here if you are aiming for anything approaching authenticity .
I 've edited the text to make some things clearer .
Back to basics !
Originally published in November 2003 .
Rice is the staple of Japanese food , and making it just right can be rather difficult if you do n't know how .
If you think you will be preparing rice regularly , an electric rice cooker will make your life so much easier .
( See About rice cookers . )
You can cook non-Japanese style rice and other grains in a rice cooker too .
Japanese rice , or japonica rice , is a very particular variety .
For traditional Japanese dishes you simply cannot substitute long - grain rice , jasmine rice , basmati rice , Carolina type rice , and so on .
I sometimes hear people saying things like " But I can make onigiri with jasmine rice just fine , as long as I cook it so it 's mushy and the grains stick together " .
No no no no no .
A good onigiri , a good sushi roll , a good nigiri- zushi , and most of all a good bowl of rice are not made from crushed , watery , mushy rice ; they are made from slightly sticky grains of rice that are gently pushed together .
In addition , jasmine rice and other types of rices have a flavor that is utterly different from that of japonica rice .
If you serve plain jasmine rice with a Japanese meal , it will simply taste wrong .
The one non-japonica variety that does work fairly well sa a substitute is Italian vialone rice , which is a medium - grain rice similar to japonica rice .
Arborio , carnaroli and the rice sold as ' pudding rice ' or ' milk rice ' in some countries are also medium - grain , but they tend to have too much rice starch , which is what makes that creamy texture in risotto or rice pudding .
Vialone has less of that starchy coating and therefore works well .
See Looking At Rice for more information about different types of rice .
Ideally , the rice should be quite fresh .
The best rice is new rice called shinmai , purchased within 3 months of harvest .
Unfortunately , it 's just about impossible to buy rice that fresh outside of Japan .
Just buy the best rice you can afford .
Once you learn how to make rice properly , you will really taste the difference between different kinds of rice .
Some popular ' first grade ' Japanese rice varieties include Sasanishiki , Koshihikari and Akita Komachi .
They tend to be expensive .
Recipe and Procedure : Japanese style plain rice
The washing and rinsing steps may seem like a bother , but they are absolutely critical to producing properly cooked Japanese style rice .
Do not skimp on this !
This is a common mistake made by people new to Japanese cooking .
To make 4 cups of cooked rice , you will need :
A heavy - bottomed pot with a tight fitting lid , or an electric rice cooker
2 cups of uncooked japonica rice or ' sushi rice ' ( or substitute Vialone )
2 1/4 cups of water ( If using a rice cooker , add water up to the specified level marked in the inner bowl )
Measure out the rice carefully into your pot and rinse vigorously under running water .
Swish the rice around with your hands - the water will turn a milky white color .
Drain the cloudy water away and add fresh water , and swish the rice around again .
Repeat this step 2 - 3 times .
Drain , leaving just a little water , and rub the grains together several times with the palms of your hands gently as if you were polishing them .
Add plenty of fresh water and rinse out the rice .
Drain and rinse until the water is almost clear .
Drain the rice in a fine mesh sieve and leave for a little while , preferably at least 30 minutes .
Put rice in a rice cooker or pot .
Add the water to the rice .
At this point you should let the rice soak for a while .
The length of time depends on the quality and freshness of the rice .
The older the rice , the longer it needs to soak .
Soaking for at least 30 minutes to an hour is generally recommended , but do n't soak for more than 8 hours or so or the rice will get a bit watery and lose any flavor .
And if the weather is too hot , it might even start to ferment !
( Some rice how - tos emphasize the importance of soaking , but I think the washing and rinsing is the most critical part of making proper rice , which is why it 's described in so much detail here . )
Brown rice however does need to be soaked before cooking ( see cooking brown rice ) .
If you are using a rice cooker , just switch on ( or if you need the rice later , set the timer ; you can calculate in the soaking time here . )
If you are using a pot , bring to a boil over medium heat then put on a tight fitting lid .
Cook on high for 1 minute , then reduce the heat to medium , and cook for another 4 - 5 minutes until you can see the surface of the rice , then reduce to low heat for about 10 minutes or until the water is completely absorbed .
( Do n't open the lid to peek ! )
Turn up to high heat for a few seconds to get rid of any excess moisture if necessary .
If you are using a pot , remove it from the heat and drape a cloth over the pan for about 10 - 15 minutes to let it fully absorb the moisture and rest .
This final step really makes a difference if you want grains that stick together but are not mushy or watery .
A good rice cooker includes this resting time in the cooking cycle , and also allows for condensation to evaporate , so you do n't need the cloth draping step .
Sushi rice
Once you have mastered plain rice , turning it into sushi rice ( shari ) just requires a few more steps .
Sushi rice ( called shari by sushi chefs ) is rice that is flavored with dashi , rice vinegar , and salt .
Substitute cooled dashi stock for the water .
Cook as per the above instructions .
You will need a large bowl or plate for the next step , preferably a wooden one made for this purpose called a hangiri .
You can buy a hangiri at any Japanese kitchen equipment store , and even from Amazon .
The advantage of using a wooden hangiri is that the untreated wood absorbs excess moisture from the rice .
You can also use a large serving plate or a bowl , though that wo n't have the moisture - absorbing quality .
You also need a sturdy rice paddle or spatula .
rice cookers come with a rice paddle .
Take 1/4 cup of bottled or homemade sushi vinegar ( sushi - zu or awase - zu , see recipe below ) .
Moisten your spatula or paddle with a little of the vinegar .
Turn your hot rice out into the bowl or plate , Pour the sushi vinegar over the rice .
Working rapidly , turn and mix the rice , taking care not to squish the grains .
You should use a cut - turn - fold motion sort of like when you mix in egg whites into a cake batter .
This you do with one hand .
With your other , rapidly fan the rice to cool it as quickly as possible .
This ensures that the grains will be nice and glossy and not mushy .
Rope in an assistant to do the fanning , or else do what I do and use a hair dryer on the ' cool ' setting .
Keep going until the rice has absorbed the vinegar , and has cooled down to about body temperature ( it should be just a bit warm to the touch ) .
Important !
Sushi rice should be served when it is slightly warm , or at the least at room temperature - not chilled .
This is why the best nigiri- zushi ( the standard sushi that everyone thinks of a ' sushi ' - an oval ball of sushi rice topped with a piece of fish ) is eaten right after it 's made , at the sushi counter - cool but not cold fish on top of the barely warm sushi rice .
When making sushi at home , do not refrigerate your rice if you can avoid it ; the texture and flavor rapidly deteriorate when it 's chilled .
If you must make your sushi rice in advance , wrap it up while it 's still a bit warm in plastic wrap before refrigerating .
The trapped moisture will help to keep the rice grains from hardenening .
When you need the rice , warm up for a couple of minutes in the microwave , then open up to cool down again to room temperature .
Recipe : Sushi vinegar mix ( awase - zu )
If you can't get prepared sushi vinegar you can make it thus :
Mix 1/4 cup of rice vinegar or mild cider vinegar , 1 tablespoon of sugar , 1 / 2 tablespoon of mirin , sake or sweet brandy , and 1/2 tablespoon of salt .
Heat over low heat in a small saucepan , and stir until the sugar and salt have dissolved .
This is enough to flavor 4 cups of rice , so adjust the amount according to the amount of rice you have .
See also
Comments are now closed .
I encourage you to go to the new step - by - step instructions , which should answer more of your questions .
Submitted by maki on 2009 -02 - 17 20:40 .
Filed under : basics
Electroshock therapy is being administered to youngsters at a controversial Internet addiction clinic where patients are " reborn " .
More than 3,000 youths have been tricked or forced in to a four - month program run by Dr Yang Yongxin at a clinic in Shandong province .
About 100 people are currently receiving treatment at the clinic .
Patients are given electroconvulsive therapy ( ECT ) for breaking any of the center 's 86 rules , including eating chocolate , locking the bathroom door , taking pills before a meal and sitting on Yang 's chair without permission , the Information Times reported .
Parents or guardians sign a contract acknowledging that the child will be given ECT and pay 6,000 yuan ( $ 878 ) per month for treatment .
Details about the treatment were revealed online recently when a number of former patients began to write about their experience .
According to the posts , the clinic administers continuous ECT in a current of up to 200 milliamperes .
Meanwhile , patients are forced to admit " wrongdoings " and those of others and are also instructed to kneel down in front of their parents to show obedience .
In addition , patients - known as " members of the alliance " at the clinic - are not permitted to talk about anything other than overcoming their Internet addiction , numerous former patients write .
Most are found to be " cured " - or " reborn " according to Yang - by simply " admitting " that they have overcome their addiction .
Internet addiction is not classified as a mental illness in China , a country with nearly 300 million Internet users , many of whom are adolescents who willingly indulge in endless hours of online games per day .
Depression , fainting , muscle weakness and twitching and anorexia have been listed as typical syndromes of Internet addiction .
The government established the first Internet addiction treatment clinic in Beijing in 2004 .
Today , all online game operators are required to install a " fatigue system " for players under 18 years , which is designed to restrict their play time to three hours a day .
But analysts say there are too many ways to work around the rules .
Until recently , media reported on Yang 's alleged " success " .
Liu Mingyin , a China Central Television reporter , called Yang " a fighter in the Third Opium War " , framing the doctor 's combat against Internet obsession as part of an ongoing war against " spiritual opium " .
For his part , Yang views his acts as part of " a holy crusade " and says the electric current he applies to his " patients " is mild and " not dangerous " .
What the youths receive at the clinic is n't really ECT , but a " refreshment therapy " that cautiously helps
Net - addicted children calm down , says a story written in Yang 's name and published online .
The chief publicity officer at Yang 's hospital in Shandong 's Linyi city , a mid-aged woman also surnamed Yang , said " the parents ( who sent their kids to the clinic ) can't be fools " .
A mother surnamed Xu , whose 18 - year - old son received ECT at the clinic , said she has been angered by negative reports about the clinic .
" Compared with being on mind altering drugs for three months , electroshock is a safe and effective way to make my son calm and obedient , " she said .
Tao Ran , director of the China 's first Internet addiction clinic , said that ECT is " the last resort " in treating people with severe depression who are suicidal .
" It 'll make patients more submissive , no doubt .
But at the same time , ECT will cause memory loss , " Tao says , adding that Yang 's clinic is " the only Internet addiction clinic in the world that applies ECT to patients " .
Tao 's own center has treated more than 4,000 Internet - addicted youths .
Patients have " comprehensive therapy " that includes medication and psychological counseling .
About 30 percent of Internet addicted youngsters are hyperactive and uncontrollable in a family environment , Tao said .
They need treatment at a professional institution that does not administer ECT , he said .
Zhuo Xiaoqin , a public health expert with the China University of Political Science and Law , said it was wrong to link Internet obsession with mental illness .
" A consistent standard must be in place to determine what Internet addiction really is , " he said .
( China Daily June 3 , 2009 )
It was only a matter of time before rally car driver and internet sensation Ken Block appeared on this season of Top Gear , and last night it all came together .
If you have n’t seen Ken Block and his heavily modified 2009 Subaru WRX STI perform some amazing feats of controlled stunt driving , check out the Gymkhana Practice and Gymkhana TWO videos before this one .
However , if you are well versed in all things Ken Block and Drifting , and you missed last night ’s episode where James May gets strapped in alongside for a race against Ricky Carmichael , check out the video below after the jump :
[ youtube ]
http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lFF2bkiHNVQ[/youtube]
Source : YouTube
The votes are in !
The good news is Gran Turismo still holds the crown for best driving simulator on the market .
Recently media conglomerate CNET did a readers poll which pitted the driving jauggarnaut , GT5 vs. the “ Johnny come lately ” Forza Motorsport 3 .
Well contrary to what others have reported , Gran Turismo has reigned supreme .
This is in spite of Forza ’s Community Manager greasing the palms of Forza forum users with rare DLC for Forza 2 .
Some may feel that this is merely an incentive , but the publisher or the developer had to be aware of this .
Who else would have green lighted giving away DLC in such quantities ?
The forum thread netted well over 2,200 replies , the majority were requests for the DLC .
Gran Turismo 5 52 % ( 15731 votes ) vs. Forza Motorsport 3 48 % ( 14530 votes )
[ Source ]
Related :
Forza Developer Using Bribes to Skew CNET Poll
( CNN ) --
A young Iranian woman named Neda is gunned down in one of the most iconic images of the last week .
Another walks down the street , defiantly showing off her hair and body in a revealing dress .
And still another woman says she 's not scared of paramilitary forces -- no matter how many times she gets beaten .
Women have taken to the streets of Tehran .
" This shows the new face of Iran , " one expert says .
more photos »
" When they want to hit me , I say hit .
I have been hit so many times and this time it does n't matter .
I just want to help my brothers and sisters , " says the 19 - year - old woman whose identity is being withheld by CNN for her safety .
Amid the clashes and chaos , there has been a recurring scene on the streets of Tehran : Women , in their scarves and traditional clothing , at the heart of the struggle .
Some are seen collecting rocks for ammunition against security forces , while video showed one woman trying to protect a fallen pro-government militiaman wounded in the government crackdown .
At Shiraz University , riot police clubbed women dressed in black robes .
" Do n't beat them , you bastards , " one man yells .
When security forces come to attack , the 19 - year - old woman protester says she looks them in the eye and asks : " Why do you kill your brother ?
Why do you hit your mother , your sisters ? "
" We all tell them , if you 're Iranian , you should n't do that to your people , to your own country 's people , " she told CNN by phone .
Watch woman stand up in defiance to power »
But it 's the woman known as Neda who has become the symbol of women on the front line that has galvanized opponents of the Iranian regime .
In a widely circulated video , Neda is seen in the middle of protests over the weekend .
She is shot and drops to the ground .
Blood runs from the side of her mouth as a few people , including her music professor traveling with her , press on her chest and shout her name .
One pleads , " Do not be afraid . "
The camera closes in on her face as her eyes roll back and are still .
Karim Sadjadpour , an associate at the Carnegie Endowment for International Peace , said the image of Neda and other women at the protests showed the difference from the 1979 revolution .
" The iconic pictures from the revolution 30 years ago were bearded men .
This shows the new face of Iran -- the young women who are the vanguards of Iran . "
See images of protests »
Abbas Milani , the director of Iranian Studies at Stanford University , agreed that Neda was becoming a symbol for all the women who have become involved in the turmoil that has followed the disputed election .
" She will become the image of this brutality and the role -- the truly significant role -- that women have played in fighting this regime .
I think that women are the unsung heroes of the last few years .
They are the ones who began chipping away the absolute authority of the mullahs . "
The protests have n't just been confined to Iran 's everyday women .
The daughter of former President Ali Akbar Hashemi Rafsanjani was arrested over the weekend while taking part in a protest .
She was later released .
In addition , Zahra Rahnavard , the wife of Mir Hossein Moussavi , whose apparent defeat in Iran 's presidential election has sparked the unprecedented demonstrations , campaigned for her husband , an unusual step in politics in Iran .
Her public support of his candidacy underscored his professed support for women 's rights .
Learn more about the timeline of events »
And in another act of defiance , apparently from after the election , a woman who appears to be in her 20s or 30s walks down a street in Tehran , showing off her body in a revealing dress and displaying her long , curly hair .
In Iran , women are forbidden to show their hair , and they must keep their bodies covered .
" Lady , is it a revolution already ? " one female driver says as she passes by .
The 19 - year - old demonstrator , who spoke by phone with CNN , says women are out in the streets in much larger numbers than men .
She provided CNN with images of paramilitary forces on Saturday confronting protests , just before she was beaten .
She says she was beaten again during protests Monday .
" The women are all together and they say , ' We 're going to stay here . '
There are so more [ women ] than men , " she said , referring to the number of women protesters .
" Until now , the women did n't have a chance to express themselves , to say that we are important in our country 's future .
But now , they can play an important role in our freedom .
It 's a good chance for us . "
Is she optimistic ?
" I 'm absolutely optimistic , because history has taught me that all the revolutions start like this , " she said .
" Every revolution has violence and some people die , but nothing stays like this forever . "
CNN 's Ivan Watson and Wayne Drash contributed to this report .
All About Iran
Statement against recent racist attacks in Northern Ireland
The recent racist attacks in Northern Ireland against migrant workers are an indictment of the status - quo which thrives on blaming minorities for the problems inherent in capitalism .
It is the political class and sections of the tabloid press who constantly provide the ammunition for racist attacks .
Belfast anti-racist protest
Belfast anti-racist protest
The recent racist attacks in Northern Ireland against migrant workers are an indictment of the status - quo which thrives on blaming minorities for the problems inherent in capitalism .
It is the political class and sections of the tabloid press who constantly provide the ammunition for racist attacks .
Governments utilise racist sediment deliberately to divert our anger away from the real causes of their problems .
Problems such as poverty , housing shortages , and unemployment have all been blamed on immigrants - rather than those really responsible such as landlords , property developers - capitalism .
Anarchists believe in equality between all people regardless of where their ancestors may be from , what colour their skin is , or where they were born .
We all have an immigrant history in one way or the other .
We want a world with no borders , where people are free to travel the world and settle where they wish  this is not a freedom that should be only be available to the rich .
Today Fortress Europe , with its border controls , armed guards and detention camps is a reality .
This has brutal consequences for those seeking escape from persecution  often fleeing western sponsored dictatorships and imperialist wars .
Racial profiling is carried out by the police on public transport and border controls .
Migrant workers are often questioned , harassed , detained and barred entry to  Ireland from the north on the basis of skin colour .
Shamefully , asylum - seekers  here are interned in Maghaberry .
It is the Labour Government which deports thousands of immigrants every year for the crime of searching for a better life .
It is the Labour Government which is trying to high - jack the clothes of the far - right by referring to  British jobs for British Workers .
The real spongers  who undercut our wages are not immigrants but the tiny boss class who live off our labour .
Immigrants bring a wealth of experience , culture and make a contribution to society and the economy , often suffering harsher conditions and exploitation than native working class people .
Often at the hands of criminal gangs , apart from our own Government .
We must also remember that millions of working class people have migrated from Ireland  north and south  in search of a better life , fleeing inequality , injustice and poverty , over the past couple of hundred years .
In confronting racism and sectarianism we need to build class unity based on common class interests , fighting for a better standard and quality of life for all .
These twin evils must be tackled where we live and work , rather than appealing to our politicians or calling for tougher legislation , which is a distraction from the root cause of the problem .
We need to expose and attack the institutions which are legitimising racism in our society ; we need to stand up against racist bullies and fascists carrying out attacks on migrant workers .
Central to this is the need to physically and ideologically confront fascism wherever it raises its ugly head and the building of opposition to the system of wage slavery and exploitation which promotes racist scapegoating and the criminalisation of immigration .
Racism is motivated and perpetuated by greed , promoted by those in power .
If festers in ignorance and misplaced fear .
Our alternative is social equality and freedom for all .
STATEMENT ENDS
Nicky Gumbel is probably the most charismatic figure in the Church of England today .
His 10 - week courses , intended to turn agnostics into true , speaking - in - tongues believers , have reaped an astounding number of converts .
Jon Ronson signed up .
Being Jewish , he presented a special challenge .
Would he end up with the sheep or the goats ?
It 's a Wednesday evening in early summer , and you 'd think some fancy soiree was taking place in Knightsbridge , west London , on beautiful lawns set back from Brompton Road .
Porsches and Aston Martins are parked up , and attractive young people , even some famous names , in casual wear and summer dresses are wandering up a tree - lined drive .
But this is no soiree .
We are agnostics .
We are entering a church - the Holy Trinity Brompton ( HTB ) - to sign up for the Alpha course , led by Nicky Gumbel .
He is over there , welcoming agnostics ; he 's good - looking , tall and slim .
It sounds impossible but Gumbel 's course , consisting of 10 Wednesday evenings , routinely transforms hardened unbelievers , the entrenched faithless , into confirmed Christians .
There will be after - dinner talks from Gumbel , a minister at Holy Trinity as well as head of Alpha , and then we will split into small groups to discuss the meaning of life , etc .
There will be a weekend away in Kidderminster .
And that 's it .
Salvation will occur within these parameters .
I can not imagine how it can work .
However , at a cautious estimate , in Britain alone and in less than a decade , a quarter of a million agnostics have found God through Gumbel .
To name one : Jonathan Aitken .
" I am a man of unclean lips , " he told the Catholic newspaper , the Tablet , " ... but I went on an Alpha course at Holy Trinity Brompton , and found great inspiration from its fellowship and the teachings on the Holy Spirit . "
The Tablet added , " He has done Alpha not once but three times , graduating from a humble student to a helper who pours coffee . "
Gumbel 's supporters say that , within C of E circles , he is now more influential than the Archbishop of Canterbury ; they claim that Alpha is saving the Church .
Other people say some quite horrifying things about Nicky Gumbel .
I am told it is almost impossible to get an interview with him .
His diary is full until 2003 .
His people were apologetic .
They said that the only way to really get to know Nicky , to understand how he does it , was to enrol in Alpha .
" Hi ! " says a woman wearing a name - tag at HTB .
" You 're ... ? "
" Jon Ronson . "
" Jon .
Let 's see .
Great ! "
She ticks off my name and laughs .
" I know it feels strange on the first night , but do n't be nervous - in a couple of weeks ' time , this 'll feel like home . "
I drift into the church .
There are agnostics everywhere , eating shepherd 's pie from paper plates on their laps .
Michael Allison , one - time permanent private secretary to Mrs Thatcher , is here .
So is an ex-England cricket captain .
I spot the manager of a big British pop group .
Samantha Fox found God through Nicky .
I wonder whether Jonathan Aitken will pour the coffee , but he is nowhere to be seen tonight .
And now Nicky is on stage , leaning against the podium , smiling hesitantly .
He reminds me of Tony Blair .
" A very warm welcome to you all .
Now some of you may be thinking , ' Help !
What have I got myself into ? ' "
A laugh .
" Do n't worry , " he says .
" We 're not going to pressurise you into doing anything .
Perhaps some of you are sitting there sneering .
If you are , please do n't think that I 'm looking down at you .
I spent half my life as an atheist .
I used to go to talks like this and I would sneer . "
Nicky is being disingenuous - we know that there are no talks like this - Alpha is uniquely successful , and branching out abroad , so far to 112 countries , where they play Nicky 's videos and the pastor acts the part of Nicky .
" This just may be the wrong time for you , " says Nicky to the sneerers .
" If you do n't want to come along next week , that 's fine .
Nobody will phone you up !
I 'd like you to meet Pippa , my wife . "
We applaud .
" Hi ! " says Pippa .
" We 've got three children .
Henry is 20 , there 's Jonathan , and Rebecca is 15 . "
Nicky assures us that we are not abnormal for being here .
The Bible is the world 's most popular book , he says .
This is normal .
" Forget the modern British novelists and the TV tie-ins , " he says , " 44 million Bibles are sold each year . "
He says that the New Testament was written when they say it was .
" We know this very accurately , " he explains , " through a science called textual criticism . "
He says that Jesus existed .
This is historically accurate .
He quotes the Jewish historian Josephus , born AD37 : " Jesus , a wise man , if it be lawful to call him a man , for he was a doer of wonderful works ... the tribe of Christians so named after him are not extinct to this day . "
I am with Nicky thus far .
My knowledge of Josephus is sketchy , but he strikes me as a reliable source .
But the agnostics here - it soon becomes clear that Nicky can read our minds - are thinking , " But none of this proves that Jesus was anything more than a human teacher . "
Nicky tells an anecdote : he says that he once failed to recognise that his squash partner was Paul Ackford , the England rugby international .
Similarly , Jesus 's disciples , in the region of Caesarea Philippi , failed to recognise that their master was the Son of God .
I could live without the squash anecdote , though it presumably works for some people .
Nicky says that Jesus could not have been just a great human teacher .
When he was asked at his trial whether he was " The Christ , the Son of the Living God , he replied : ' I am . ' "
Nicky 's point is this : a great human teacher would not claim to be the Son of God .
" You must make your choice - either this man was , and is , the Son of God , or else he 's a lunatic or , worse , the Devil of Hell .
But do n't let us come up with any patronising nonsense about his being a great moral teacher .
He has n't left that open to us .
He did n't intend to . "
This final logic ( a quote from one of Nicky 's heroes , CS Lewis ) is impressive to me .
It remains in my mind .
Then it's on to the small group .
I am in Nicky 's group : typically , it consists of around 10 agnostics , some from the City , some from the dot.com world , some professional sportspeople , strangers gathered together in a small room in the basement .
We sit in a circle .
I wonder what will happen to us in the weeks ahead .
For now , we verbalise our doubts .
We gang up on Nicky and his helpers : his wife , Pippa , an investment banker called James and his doctor wife , Julia , all ex-agnostics who found Christ on Alpha .
We ask them antagonistic questions .
" If there 's a God , why is there so much suffering ? "
And : " What about those people who have never heard of Jesus ?
Are you saying that all other religions are damned ? "
Nicky just smiles and says , " What do the other people here think ? "
At the end of the night , Nicky hands out some pamphlets he 's written called ( such is the predictability of agnostics ) Why Does God Allow Suffering ?
( answer : nobody really knows ) and What About Other Religions ?
( answer : they will , unfortunately , go to Hell .
That includes me - I am a Jew ) .
I am enjoying myself .
I drive away thinking about the things Nicky said .
I play them over in my mind .
But by the time I arrive home and then watch ER , my mini epiphany has all drained away and I go back to normal .
I cannot imagine how any of my fellow agnostics will possibly be converted by the end of the course .
As the weeks progress , the timetable becomes routine .
Dinner , a talk from Nicky , coffee and digestives , the small groups .
But the hostile questions have now become slightly less combative .
One agnostic , Alice , who is the financial manager of an internet company and rides her horse every weekend in Somerset , admits to taking Nicky 's pamphlets away with her on business trips .
She says she reads them on the plane and finds them comforting .
We talk about the excuses we give our friends for our weekly Wednesday night absences .
Some say they 're learning French .
Others say they 're on a business course .
There is laughter and blushing .
I miss Week Three because I am reporting on wife swapping parties in Paris .
On Week Four , Nicky suggests I tell the group all about wife swapping .
The group asks me lots of questions .
When I fill in the details , Nicky shakes his head mournfully .
" What about the children , " he sighs .
" So many people getting hurt . "
He 's right .
Nicky ends the night by saying to me : " I think it 's important that you saw something awful like that midway through Alpha . "
On Week Five , Nicky talks about answered prayers and how coincidences can sometimes be messages from God .
He says he keeps a prayer diary and ticks them off when they are answered .
As Nicky says these things , I think about my own life , about how my wife and I were told we could n't have a baby - about how awful those years of infertility were , how every month was like a funeral without a corpse - and then we did have a baby , and thought that our son , Joel , was a gift from God .
The moment I think about this , I hear Nicky say the word " Joel " .
I look up .
Nicky is quoting from the Book of Joel : " I will repay you for the years the locusts have eaten . "
Later , I tell the group what happened .
" Ahhh , " they say , when I get to the part about us having a baby .
" Ahhh , " they say again , when I get to the part about Nicky saying Joel , and reading out an uncannily appropriate quote .
" Well ? " I say .
" I do n't know , " Nicky smiles .
" I think you should let it sit in your heart and make your own decision . "
" But what do you think ? " I say .
" If I had to put a bet on it , " he says , " coincidence or message , I 'd say definitely , yes , that was a message from God . "
The subject is changed .
" So ? " says Nicky .
" How was everyone 's week ? "
Tony sits next to Alice .
He is the most vociferous agnostic in the group .
He always turns up in his business suit , straight from work , and has a hangdog expression , as if something is always troubling him .
" Tony ? " says Nicky .
" How was your week ? "
" I was talking to a homosexual friend , " says Tony , " and he said that ever since he was a child he found himself attracted to other boys .
So why does the church think he 's committing a sin ?
Are you going to Hell if you commit a sexual act that is completely normal to you ?
That seems a bit unfair , does n't it ? "
There is a murmur of agreement from the group .
" First of all , " says Nicky , " I have many wonderful homosexual friends .
There 's even an Alpha for gays running in Beverly Hills !
Really !
I think it 's marvellous !
But if a paedophile said , ' Ever since I was a child I found myself attracted to children ' , we would n't say that that was normal , would we ? " A small gasp .
" Now , I am not for a moment comparing homosexuals with paedophiles , but the Bible makes it very clear that sex outside marriage , including homosexual sex , is , unfortunately , a sin . "
He says he wishes it was n't so , but the Bible makes it clear that gay people need to be healed .
" Although I strongly advise you not to say the word ' healed ' to them , " he quickly adds .
" They hate that word . "
The meeting is wound up .
Nicky , Pippa and I stay around for a chat .
We talk about who we feel might be on the cusp of converting .
My money is on Alice .
" Really ? " says Nicky .
" You think Alice ? "
" Of course , " I say .
" Who do you think ? "
" Tony , " says Nicky .
" Tony ? " I say .
" We 'll see , " says Nicky .
I drive home .
In the middle of the night it becomes clear to me that I almost certainly had a message from God , that God had spoken to me through Nicky Gumbel .
Woman leads church boycott in row over evangelical pig-snorting
A woman has walked out of her church and is holding services in her living room because she says she cannot bring herself to ' snort like a pig and bark like a dog ' on a Church of England course .
Angie Golding , 50 , claims she was denied confirmation unless she signed up for the Alpha course , which she says is a ' brainwashing ' exercise where participants speak in tongues , make animal noises and then fall over .
Mark Elsdon - Dew of HTB , Holy Trinity Brompton , said the Alpha course included lectures on the Holy Spirit .
' It affects different people in different ways , ' he said .
The Times , May 11 , 1996
Of course , stumbling upon this press cutting comes as a shock .
I had no idea that the shepherd 's pie , the nice chats , that these things seem to be leading up to something so peculiar ; something that will , I guess , occur during our weekend away in Kidderminster .
I visit Mark Elsdon - Dew , Nicky 's press man .
I have grown fond of Mark .
" Do anything you want , " he frequently tells me .
" Go home , if you like .
Really .
Any time you want .
Do n't worry , I wo n't phone you up !
Ha ha ! "
Mark was once the Daily Express 's news editor , but then he did Alpha and now he works for Nicky , in a Portakabin on HTB 's two - and - a - half acres .
Nicky has so many staff - more , even , than the Archbishop of Canterbury , says Mark - that there are n't enough offices in this giant church to accommodate them all .
I want to test Mark , to see how honest he will be about the negative press .
I ask him if any journalist has written disapprovingly about Nicky .
" Oh yes , " he says excitedly .
" Hang on , let me find them for you . "
Mark rifles through his filing cabinets and retrieves a sheath of articles .
" Look at this ! " he says .
" And how about this ? "
One article , from the Spectator , suggests that Nicky 's organisation is akin to the Invasion Of The Body Snatchers , something that looks like the C of E , acts like the C of E , but is something else , something malignant , growing , poised to consume its host : " For now they need the Church of England for its buildings - but they are very aware that through the wealth of their parishioners they wield an influence over the established Church that far outweighs their numbers . "
" If you think that 's bad , " says Mark , " you should see this one . "
Oh good , I think .
It reads : " HTB 's divorce from the real world , together with a simplistic and communal response to all problems , a strong leader , and a money - conscious hierarchy , are trademarks of a cult . "
" And here 's a real stinker , " says Mark .
The Alpha Course : Is It Bible - Based Or Hell - Inspired ?
This last one is from the Reverend Ian Paisley .
His conclusion , after 15 pages of deliberation , is that it is Hell - Inspired .
Usually , when a discovery such as this presents itself midway through researching a story , I feel nothing but glee .
On this occasion , however , the gaiety is tinged with indignation and relief - indignation that these people , this apparent cult , has managed to get under my skin , to instil in me feelings of some kind of awakening , and relief because I no longer feel the need to deal with those feelings .
It is Saturday morning , in the countryside near Kidderminster , and Nicky is offering us the strangest invitation .
He is going to beckon us into the supernatural , where he hopes we will physically feel the Holy Spirit enter our bodies .
Nicky tells me that he very much hopes people will speak in tongues .
" I 'm so glad you could make it , " he tells me .
" I 'm glad to be here , " I say , although I am thinking , " Are you a cult leader ? "
We 've been arriving all night - in BMWs and Mercedes and Porsches - at the Pioneer Centre , a residential youth club booked for the weekend .
The traffic was terrible .
I was stuck in a jam behind a mini-van emblazoned with the words " Jews For Jesus " , and toyed with the idea of taking this to be another message from God , but I chose to discount it .
We are staying in dormitories - six to a room .
Nicky and Pippa are not bunking up with the flock : Nicky says he needs space to concentrate .
I do n't think the agnostics quite grasp the reality of what will unfold in the next 36 hours .
Many are completely unaware .
Tongues !?
How can Nicky make this happen ?
The next morning , we laze in the sun and then we are called into the chapel , a big pine hut .
Tonight , England will play Germany .
Nicky takes to the stage : " Now , some of you may be thinking , ' Help !
What 's going to happen ? '
Well , first , I hope you have a wonderful time .
Enjoy the weather , enjoy the sports , but , most of all , I hope we all experience the Holy Spirit . "
Nicky says that the Holy Spirit has often been ignored by the Church , because it sounds " weird and supernaturally evil " .
He says that the Church fears change , that he once said to an elderly vicar , " You must have seen so many changes " , and that the vicar replied , " Yes , and I have resisted every single one of them " .
We laugh .
Nicky says that this is a shame , because when people open themselves to the Holy Spirit you can see it in their faces .
" Their faces are alive ! " Look at Bach and Handel and da Vinci , he says .
They had the Holy Spirit .
Whatever line of work we 're in - we could be bankers , " or journalists " - we can be filled to overflowing .
Nicky says that it is absolutely amazing .
" All relationships involve emotions .
I do n't say to Pippa , ' I love you intellectually ' .
What I say is , ' I love you with my whole being , my mind , my heart , my will ' .
Ah , but that 's in private .
The British do n't display emotions in public , do they ? "
There is a silence .
" Just imagine , " he says , " that England will score a goal tonight .
I think some people will go , ' Yeaah ! ' "
There is more laughter .
The audience is relaxed .
" If a comedy film makes us laugh out loud in the cinema , the movie is considered a success .
If a tragic play makes us weep in a theatre , the play is considered a success .
But if a religious service makes us weep or laugh , we are accused of emotionalism ! "
And so it goes on , with Nicky managing to make the most alarming prospect seem acceptable .
Speaking in tongues would normally be something absurd , horrific even .
But imperceptibly , gracefully , Nicky is leading us there .
We have a few hours off .
We swim and play basketball .
The crowd is , as always , mainly white and wealthy .
A criticism levelled at Nicky by other Anglicans is that Jesus cast his net wide to embrace poor fishermen , whereas Nicky seems to concentrate on rich widows , old Etonians and young high - fliers .
This annoys him even more than the accusations that he is a cult leader .
He points out a group of men on the edge of the basketball court .
They lean against a picket fence , watching the game with an inscrutable vigilance , huge and tanned , like a prison gang during their hour in the yard .
" You absolutely must meet Brian , " says Nicky .
" He 's quite amazing . "
Brian is not his real name .
" I was a villain , " says Brian .
" A professional criminal . "
" Were you in a firm ? " I ask .
" I was the firm , " he smiles .
" Say no more . "
From Brian 's demeanour - he looks the archetypal English crime boss - I do n't doubt this for a moment .
It makes me smile : most vicars will proudly introduce you to some redeemed petty thief in their flock ; once again Nicky attracts someone from the apex of his chosen profession .
Back in the 80s , Brian was caught trying to pull off an enormous importation of cannabis .
He was sentenced to 10 years in jail .
In 1994 , while in Exeter prison , Brian heard about Alpha .
To curry favour with the chaplain , he called Nicky and asked him to visit the prison .
Nicky sent a team instead .
" And within weeks , " says Brian , " all these hard men were waving our arms around like we were in a nightclub .
Can you imagine it ?
People getting touched by the Holy Spirit , boys I knew who got banged up for some really naughty crimes ... "
That was the first time a prison had run an Alpha course .
Brian was transferred to Dartmoor and took Alpha with him .
Other converts did the same .
That 's how it spread through the prison system .
Today , 120 of the 158 British prisons run Alpha courses ; some have six - month waiting lists .
Then there is this , from the March 2000 Alpha newsletter : US Governor George W Bush was so impressed by the impact of Alpha in the British prison system that he wants to start a trial programme at once in Texas .
" And all that started with Brian in 1994 , " says Nicky .
" It was such an amazing year . "
Indeed it was : on January 20 , 1994 , at a concrete church next to Toronto airport , 80 % of the congregation , apropos of nothing , suddenly fell to the floor and began writhing around , apparently singing in tongues and convulsing violently .
Rumours about this milestone - which became known as the Toronto Blessing - quickly spread to Britain .
Nicky flew to Toronto to see it for himself .
Was it mass hysteria or a miracle , a real experience of the Holy Spirit ?
" I do n't talk about it now , " says Nicky .
" It divides people .
It splits churches .
It is very controversial .
But I 'll tell you - I think the Toronto Blessing was a wonderful , wonderful thing . "
Nicky returned from Canada , spoke passionately at HTB about the Toronto Blessing and , lo and behold , his congregation , too , began rolling on the floor , etc .
The services soon became so popular , with queues around the block , that they were compelled to introduce two Sunday - evening sittings - and still not everyone could get in .
HTB became Britain 's richest church .
( It still is : last year 's income was £ 5.1 m . )
This evangelical euphoria lasted the year , with miracles such as Prison Alpha cropping up all over the place .
And then it ebbed away .
But its influence has lasted .
The Toronto Blessing was the kick - start Alpha needed .
Alpha began at HTB in 1979 , as a brush - up course for rusty churchgoers .
Hardly anybody attended .
It trundled along , causing no ripples , until Nicky arrived in 1991 .
Nicky is the son of agnostics .
He discovered God while studying for the Bar at Cambridge , and gave up a career as a barrister to be ordained into the C of E in 1986 .
He saw Alpha 's potential .
What if he began targeting agnostics ?
What if he gave it an image make - over ?
" Nicky bought standard lamps back in 1991 , " says Mark later that afternoon .
" He took an interest in the food .
There are flowers .
Young , quite - pretty girls welcome you at the door .
Nicky identified some very important things .
First , informality .
Second , the course - people like the idea of going on a course , whether it 's yoga or Christianity .
Third , free and easy - we do n't force anything down people 's throats .
People have a horror of being phoned up .
And , finally , boredom - we will not bore you . "
Nicky 's new direction combined with his charisma , his dazzlingly constructed weekly talks chipping away at our doubts , and the Toronto Blessing caused Alpha 's popularity to explode through the 90s .
In 1992 , there were five Alpha courses in Britain , 100 rusty churchgoers attended that year .
By 1994 there were 26,700 attendees .
By the end of last year , there were 14,200 courses around the world , with 1.5 million attendees .
Nicky has sold more than one million books .
Alice had a wedding to go to , but hopes to arrive by this evening .
The rest of our group gathers on the grass , and talk about our feelings about the Holy Spirit .
" I 've got to say , " says a woman called Annie , " the idea of speaking in tongues really freaks me out . "
Nicky nods and smiles .
" I agree , " says Jeremy , who works with asylum - seekers .
" I really do n't want to be seen as some kind of freak . "
" You wo n't suddenly become weirdos , " explains James , one of the group leaders along with his wife , Julia , Nicky and Pippa .
" You wo n't lose your sense of humour , or your mates , or whether you drink beer or not . "
" We should n't get too hung up on tongues , " adds Julia .
" Tongues is just one of the many gifts .
Tony ?
What do you think ? "
Tony lights a cigarette .
" Do you have to believe in God before you receive the gift ? " he says " Because it seems strange to ask some - one you do n't believe in to prove that he exists . "
I wonder what makes Nicky think that Tony is our group 's best candidate for conversion .
" The Church likes to put God in a box , " says James .
" The Church wants to make God safe .
We think the Church has lost the plot .
We just want God to be God .
As the Apostle Paul said , ' I would that you all speak in tongues . ' "
We ask if they can speak in tongues , and they all say they can .
James has been speaking in tongues for several years .
Julia was fearful at first , but now does it a lot .
Nicky and Pippa are extremely well - versed in tongues , which , they say , literally means " languages never learnt " .
They say that on countless occasions they have heard people who can't speak Chinese , for instance , speaking in Chinese tongues .
Such miracles appear to be commonplace once one enters the arena of tongues - as we will do at around 6.30 pm tonight .
At 6 pm , we are back in the chapel .
Nicky is on stage , telling us nothing bad will happen to us .
" You do n't need to speak in tongues .
It is not the most important gift .
But tongues is a beginner 's gift , and Alpha is a beginner 's course in Christianity , so it would be wonderful if you tried . "
We steel ourselves .
The door opens .
It is Alice .
She has missed Nicky 's comforting preamble and has arrived just in time for the main event .
" If you ask for the Holy Spirit , you 're not going to get something terrible , " says Nicky .
" Shall we give it a try ?
Shall we ask Him ? "
" Mmm , " we say , contentedly .
Nicky softly begins : " Please stand up and close your eyes .
If there 's anyone who would like to experience the Holy Spirit , maybe you 're not sure , I 'd like you to say a very simple prayer in your heart ... a very simple prayer ...
It 's okay ... I now turn from everything that is wrong ... now hold out your hands ... hold them out in front of you ... if you 'd like to ... some of you might be experiencing a weight on your hands ... you might be thinking nothing 's happening ... but you might be feeling a peace ... a deep peace ... that , too , is a manifestation of the Holy Spirit ... Jesus is telling you He loves you ... He died for you . "
This is when the first sob comes - at the front , someone begins to cry .
" I sense that some of you would like to receive the gift of tongues now . "
I wobble on my feet .
Later , James tells me that wobbling is a possible sign of the Holy Spirit .
I open my eyes for a moment and look at the group .
Tony is grinning , his eyes bulging , like a schoolboy in a pompous assembly .
Alice , who is entirely unprepared , is looking perplexed and uncomfortable .
I close my eyes .
I imagine those who have been in this spell before me , Jonathan Aitken , for instance , and the business executives and celebrities .
" Start to praise God in any language but the language you speak ...
Do n't worry about your neighbour .
Your neighbour will be worried enough about himself ... "
And then the tongues begin .
I thought it would be cacophonous , but it turns out to be haunting , tuneful , like some experimental opera .
I think some people are cheating - I hear French : " C'est oui .
C'est oui " - but mostly it is quite beautiful .
I open my eyes again and look around .
Mark ,
Nicky 's press officer , is speaking in tongues .
So are James and Julia .
All these people I have known all these weeks are speaking in tongues .
Tony has refrained from tongues , but he is no longer grinning , either .
He is crying .
Alice looks ready to explode with anger .
She barges out of the chapel .
" Be a little bolder now ... "
Nicky carries on .
" Just continue to receive this wonderful opportunity ... "
James walks over to me : " Is it working for you ? " he asks .
" Well , it might have , " I reply , truthfully , " but the truth is , I 'm a journalist , so I could n't keep my eyes closed . "
" Would you like me to pray for you ? " he asks .
" Okay , " I say .
James rests his hand on my shoulder .
" Oh Jesus , I pray that Jon will receive Your wonderful spirit .
God .
Please come and fill Jon with ... "
It is not working .
The spell has broken .
I tell James again that I 'm sorry , but I 'm a journalist .
( This is no excuse - the picture editor of a Sunday newspaper is speaking in tongues to my left , as is a producer of Channel 4 documentaries in front of me , for the first time in his life . )
So James changes tack .
" Oh thank you , Jesus , for Jon 's wonderfully enquiring journalistic mind ... please help Jon 's career ... no , not his career ... his wonderful journalism ... and may his journalism become even more wonderful now he is working in Your name , Jesus Christ ... "
I tell James I 'm sorry , and follow Alice outside , where half - a- dozen furious agnostics have gathered on the grass .
" Why did n't anyone tell me I 'd signed up for a brainwashing cult ? " says one .
" I felt like I was in a pack of hyenas .
I wanted someone to come up and ask me if I was okay , and instead someone came up and said , ' Would you like me to pray for you ? ' "
Alice is devastated : " I used to think Nicky was fantastic .
He really gave me room to investigate my feelings about the Lord .
But now I 'm thinking , just get me away from these weirdos .
I 've been dragged all the way out here under false pretences , and there 's no escape .
I am actually very , very upset . "
We turn out to be in the minority , and watch as the new converts file out of the chapel , red-eyed from crying or smiling beatifically .
Tony is one such convert , but he is not smiling .
In fact , he seems miserable .
" Something overwhelmed me , " he says .
" I did n't want it to .
I tried to resist it , but I could n't . "
" What was it ? " I ask .
" The Holy Spirit , " says Tony .
" What did it feel like ? "
" Like when you 're trying not to cry but you can't help yourself .
I was thinking of all the reasons why I did n't want it to happen - you know , the Christian lifestyle - and then Nicky came over to me and started whispering in my ear . "
" What did he say ? "
" He said , ' I sense that you have had a Christian experience in the past ' .
And that rocked my world , because I have , and I did n't tell anyone .
That 's why I came on Alpha .
I wanted to decide , once and for all , yes or no .
And ... "
Tony sighs discontentedly .
" God spoke to me just now .
He said , ' You can come back . ' "
 Read part two of ' Catch me if you can ' here .
The longstanding ban on use of federal AIDS grant funds to support needle exchange programs will soon be history , if the Subcommittee on Labor , Health and Human Services of the House Committee on Appropriations has its way .
Led by Rep. David Obey ( D - WI ) , the subcommittee left the language which has imposed the ban these many years out of the new bill .
According to Obey 's office :
This bill deletes the prohibition on the use of funds for needle exchange programs .
Scientific studies have documented that needle exchange programs , when implemented as part of a comprehensive prevention strategy , are an effective public health intervention for reducing AIDS / AIV infections and do not promote drug use .
The judgment we make is that it is time to lift this ban and let State and local jurisdictions determine if they want to pursue this approach .
popular needle exchange logo
The vote followed a protest at the US Capitol in which 26 AIDS activists chained themselves together in the Capitol Rotunda earlier in the day .
President Obama pledged during his primary campaign to eliminate the ban .
Legislation allows the president to do so if certain scientific findings are made , specifically that needle exchange programs do not increase community drug use levels , and do reduce the spread of HIV .
These findings were made long ago , and the Clinton administration acknowledged them , but declined to eliminate the ban .
Earlier this year the Obama administration punted the issue to Congress by including the ban in its budget proposal while verbally expressing support for needle exchange .
Whether Obey 's subcommittee took action because of administration support , or despite a lack of administration support , I do n't know .
Perhaps a greater savant than I will enlighten us .
Now the bill heads to the full committee , after which it will go to the floor of the House of Representatives .
Drug warriors may try to add the ban back at either stage .
Victory also depends on what happens on the Senate side .
Assuming the House and Senate do not approve exactly identical Labor and HHS budgets , it will go to a conference committee that includes both Reps and Senators .
Elimination of the ban will neither increase nor decrease the amount of money the federal government spends on AIDS prevention , at least not directly .
What it will do is allow state governments who receive federal AIDS grants to choose whether or not to spend some of that money on needle exchange .
Those states which are in the habit of using scientific evidence to guide their policies will undoubtedly support needle exchange .
( Note : We used " Be Our Guest Cards " for 2 free Third Pounders and purchased the rest of our meal .
We did n't speak to the manager until after our burgers where prepared and handed to us . )
Nutritional Information :
Yesterday was the first day for McDonald 's first nationwide roll - out of a new burger in 8 years , the Angus Third Pounder We tried 2 of the 3 new versions of the Third Pounder , the Deluxe and the Bacon & Cheese .
( We 'll save the Mushroom Swiss for another day . )
Here 's what we came home with ... the Bacon & Cheese is on the left , the Deluxe is on the right : I 'm not much of a photographer , but let 's go ahead and compare that to McDonald 's official , professional press release photo of these 2 new burgers :
These burgers are more substantial than the Quarter Pounder .
The beef patty is clearly bigger , although it still has that iconic , pre-formed appearance of all McDonald 's meat patties .
The real rings of purple onion and the thick slice of a large diameter tomato are nice touches .
It helps to push this burgers taste in the direction of a home made hamburger ... not that it actually makes it to that realm , but it helps .
The lettuce was abundant , fresh and of good quality , too .
We both noticed , though , that the purple onions were virtually tasteless .
We assume that McDonald 's went to great lengths to find onions that would never be considered to strong or offensive .
We had fun imagining the process of McDonald 's execs insisting on a genetically - modified scentless , tasteless onion that could be grown in huge quantities .
Just a fantasy ; could n't be true .
We got our Angus Third Pounders at McDonald 's # 6753 in Benbrook , TX where the manager on duty said that they had been selling the Third Pounders for about a week ( even though yesterday was their official release date ) .
He said they'd had a good response to them and they were growing in popularity .
He said they were selling about 50 a day .
In the press materials for the Third Pounders , the descriptions of all 3 burgers ends with , " served on a toasted bakery - style sesame seed roll . "
This description left me expecting the burger to be on a warm , slightly crunchy , toasted bun .
This was not the case .
The bun was cold and soft and had not been toasted in any way noticeable from the outside .
When I took the burger apart for the photos below , I could see the the inside of the buns had been toasted slightly .
No big deal really , but after reading the description I suppose I became hopeful that the entire sandwich would be run through a warmer / toaster just before being served .
Otherwise , besides being a little bigger , the buns do not differ in consitency or flavor from standard McDonald 's buns .
Here 's a look at the insides ( again , Bacon & Cheese on the left , Deluxe on the right .
Click for larger image . ) The Angus Third Pounders have a calorie range of 750 to 770 calories .
They have 39 - 40 grams of fat and 16 - 17 grams of saturated fat .
Interestingly , they also have 2 grams of .
This is interesting because most fast food chains have eliminated or are attempting to eliminate all trans fats from their menus .
A reader asked if this would prevent the sandwiches from being sold in New York City where Trans Fats are banned .
I , in turn , asked a McDonald 's rep and was informed that , " NYC Department of Health regulation pertains only to artificial trans fat .
The 2 grams of trans fat in the Angus Burger is attributed to the beef patty that contains naturally - occurring trans fat , a type of trans fat that would not be subject to the artificial trans fat regulation .
" Here 's the calorie , fat , cholesterol , sodium , carbs , fiber , sugar & protein stats for the Angus Third Pounders :
Here 's a look at a cross section of the Bacon & Cheese Angus Third Pounder ( click for larger ) :
And a close - up of the burger patty ( on the Deluxe ) : Had one yourself ?
Let us know what you think .
The cable wars continue !
Last night , MSNBC 's Keith Olbermann not only named CNN's Lou Dobbs the " worst person in the world " but called him a " soft - focus , birther - embracing former star , a man who during the week makes millions off bashing immigrants , especially Hispanics , even though his wife and kids are Hispanic . "
Olbermann followed up with some questions : " What do you want , Lou ?
To come take a swing at me ?
That Lou Dobbs ?
Meds ?
Have you had your tranquilizer dart yet today , Lou ? "
Well , Dobbs did n't like that , claiming on his radio show today that Olbermann is " hallucinating " and " making up stories . "
And Dobbs rattled up a few choice descriptions for the MSNBC host : " punk , " " liar , " " psycho " and " fool . "
( Olbermann segment after the jump )
Visit msnbc.com for Breaking News , World News , and News about the Economy Visit msnbc.com for Breaking News , World News , and News about the Economy
comments closed
permalink
When universities created business schools in the 20th Century traditional academics decried the collapse of standards .
Instead of students studying Literature , Art , History , and Science they would be going through the motions of a scholar while occupying their minds with things that formerly had been learned at a desk as an apprentice in a dreary Victorian counting house .
Now in the 21st century the B - schools are degrading the term “ computer hacking ” .
Here are the facts :
Harvard and a bunch of other B - schools with a collective IT budget of maybe $ 50 million decided that writing Perl scripts was too hard so they outsourced Web - based applications to a company called ApplyYourself .
You ’d think that the main advantage of a centralized service such as ApplyYourself would be that a prospective student could fill out one application and the information be sent simultaneously to many schools .
However , this is not how it works .
Each school has a totally separate area with ApplyYourself .
All the smart young Americans have gone to law , business , and medical school .
Companies do n’t like to hire old people (> 30 years ) to write computer programs because it saddens them to see old folks doing something so degrading .
Thus ApplyYourself hired whoever was rejected by professional schools to write up some Visual Basic scripts to process HBS and other B - school applications .
The ApplyYourself code had a bug such that editing the URL in the “ Address ” or “ Location ” field of a Web browser window would result in an applicant being able to find out his admissions status several weeks before the official notification date .
This would be equivalent to a 7 - year - old being offered a URL of the form http://philip.greenspun.com/images/20030817-utah-air-to-air/
and editing it down to http://philip.greenspun.com/images/ to see what else of interest might be on the server .
Someone figured this out and posted the URL editing idea on the BusinessWeek discussion forum , where all B - school hopefuls hang out and a bunch of curious applicants tried it out .
Now all the curious applicants , having edited their URLs , are being denied admission to Harvard and , due to the fact that universities form cartels to fix tuition prices and other policies , presumably to the other B - schools as well .
One interesting data point is that I once supervised a couple of MIT students building an online system for submission of essays to be graded .
MIT and a bunch of other schools have writing requirements .
Students submit essays .
These are held in confidence from other students .
A subset of users are authorized to grade essays and they are handed essays to evaluate .
One server with a single database is programmed to handle students and evaluators from many different schools and keep everything that should be separate separated .
The students building this system had never programmed in SQL before .
Nor had they ever written a Web script to glue their SQL code to an HTML template .
Nor had they ever written HTML before .
The entire project , which requires the same workflow and main features of the ApplyYourself service , took them three months at 20 hours per week .
Those kids are probably just graduating from med school now and preparing for their careers in radiology …
In the 1960s the term “ hacking ” meant smart people developing useful and innovative computer software .
In the 1990s the term meant smart evil people developing and running programs to break into computer systems and gain shell access to those systems .
Thanks to Harvard Business school the term now means “ people of average IQ poking around curiously by editing URLs on public servers and seeing what comes back in the form of directory listings , etc . ”
[ Update : People have been asking me whether I think the schools are justified in rejecting the applicants who mucked with ApplyYourself ’s URLs .
Had I been an MBA applicant and heard about this security hole I probably would have tested it out .
Not so much out of curiosity as to whether I ’d gotten in but mostly to see if a school with nearly $ 30 billion in assets really was so contemptuous of quality in IT and also to see just how far the Web development industry has slid from its apex ( probably 1994 , when 5 reformed Lisp hackers built Amazon.com out of C CGI scripts talking to Oracle ) .
I did something similar when writing Philip and Alex ’s Guide to Web Publishing .
I needed examples of Microsoft Active Server Page source code .
There was at one time a bug in IIS / ASP that enabled anyone to view the source code by appending “ :: $ DATA ” to any .asp URL .
Months after Microsoft had released a patch for this bug , I surfed around and found scripts at lots of prominent public servers , some of which scripts contained database usernames and passwords .
I published the results in http://philip.greenspun.com/panda/server-programming#ASP, which was turned into a hardcopy textbook by Harcourt .
So it seems that my curiosity into just how incompetent an institution with $ billions in assets could be would have led to me failing the ethics test , being convicted of hacking , and being denied admission to a top business school .
Where would I personally draw the line ?
A grad student at MIT figured out that Fandango , the movie ticketing service , was passing the price of the movie ticket as a hidden form variable in the HTML instead of doing the pricing on the server at the final page .
He was able to edit the HTML form in Emacs and submit it to Fandango and buy tickets for any price that he felt was fair ( being a grad student , his preferred price for tickets was $ 0.25 ) .
He invited me to try it out but it but I thought that either Fandango or a movie theater would end up having to make up the difference and it did n’t feel right to take their money .
The HBS / ApplyYourself situation falls into the “ poking around with a browser ” category where you get to see stuff but the Web publisher has n’t been injured because they still have the stuff on their server ( one of the strange characteristics of the digital age ) .
As progressively dumber programmers build progressively more complex systems we will see more of this kind of attempt to paper over coding mistakes with lawyers , sanctions , policies , and laws .
Hollywood and the RIAA are usually the most successful at getting the government to do their bidding .
Thus I predict that one day Disney will have a Web site where you can buy access to any of their movies .
Because all of their profits are being used to pay executive salaries this will have to be built at extremely low cost .
Deficiencies in the softwrae will enable vast numbers of Americans to download Bambi for free , their ISPs will be forced to rat them out , and they will all get to see Martha ’s Stewart ’s cell in West Virginia first hand … ]
Installation
UI enhancements
Dock Expose
Stacks
Finder file previews
We 'll get to the big Finder changes shortly -- the Cocoa rewrite definitely improved things -- but the big UI tweak here is live file previews .
That means you can watch a video , flip through a document , and generally peek at things without having to open an app or even hit the space bar for Quick Look .
It 's quite handy -- but again , not earth - shattering .
We 've never been huge users of the Stacks feature , but it 's been tweaked and is much more usable in 10.6 -- as long as you 're using grid view , which is now scrollable and offers the ability to drill down into folders just like a Finder window .
All the other views are essentially the same -- and for whatever reason , dragging a file onto a stack icon does n't open the stack , but instead opens a Finder window .
While we 're on the subject of folders in the dock , explain this nonsensical operation to us : command - clicking a stack icon does n't open the folder ( as you might expect ) , but instead pops open the enclosing folder .
This counter - intuitive ( and frankly frustrating ) glitch has been around since Tiger -- and we have no idea why .
Here 's some video :
We 'll get to the big Finder changes shortly -- the Cocoa rewrite definitely improved things -- but the big UI tweak here is live file previews .
That means you can watch a video , flip through a document , and generally peek at things without having to open an app or even hit the space bar for Quick Look .
It 's quite handy -- but again , not earth - shattering .
Notable app changes
Safari 4
Exchange
Compatibility
Overall speed and stability
Wrap-up
Interestingly enough , installation is one of the few parts of Snow Leopard that 's dramatically different than previous versions of OS X . Unlike Microsoft 's subtle nudges towards clean reinstallation of Windows 7 , Apple 's quite proud of the new 10.6 installer , which upgrades in place , quarantines incompatible apps and plugins in an " Incompatible Software " folder , and boots you right back up with little to no user effort .
Seriously , you just stick in the disc , open the installer , enter your password and go -- that 's it .
You do n't even have to reboot off the DVD .
Of course , that made us a little uneasy , since we 've always chosen Archive and Install to get a fresh OS , but you can't have cold feet here -- that option 's been removed .
We 've been told it's now the default action behind the scenes , but the bottom line is that you have to trust the installer more than ever before -- and while we did n't have any major problems , it would be nice if we could force a new install of the OS without having to wipe a disk .
Installation itself took about 45 minutes on most of the machines we tried , although we did run into some snags once things were complete .
We did n't have any problems with the more pristine MacBook Pros in our fleet , but one of our production machines is a cranky older iMac that 's been in constant use for over two years without a system rebuild , and when it restarted the desktop pictures were all set to the defaults , the System Preferences app would n't launch from the Apple Menu , our MobileMe sync states were a little confused and Spotlight began reindexing all the external drives .
Fixing these problems did n't take much , but if your machine is already acting up do n't expect everything to go perfectly .
Other installation notes :
We were promised 6GB of storage savings with 10.6 , and Apple more than delivered -- we got anywhere from 10 GB to a whopping 20 GB back after installation .
Rosetta is no longer installed by default , so if you 're still rocking some legacy non-Universal apps you 'll want to make sure and install it .
Printer driver installation is much smarter , installing drivers only for those printers you 've used in the past and printers that appear on your local network .
We have no idea why Apple continues to insist on installing language translations by default , but they 're much smaller now at 250MB .
Overall , installing Snow Leopard is just like installing any other major OS update : it works great , except when it does n't .
The process itself is fine ( in fact , Apple has even built in some safeguards to let you pick up an install if your computer dies or is shut off half way through ) , but it 's the little kinks you have to work out afterwards that can be tricky .
If you have n't loaded up your system with hacks and tweaks chances are you 'll be fine -- and if you 're living on the edge , well , you 're probably used to doing some extra work around upgrade time .
Previous OS
X releases have brought major UI features like Expose and Dashboard with them , but there 's nothing that major in Snow Leopard , although the various tweaks to the system are certainly appreciated .
The biggest new feature is Dock Expose , which , as you 'd expect , simply links Expose to the Dock .
Holding down on an app's icon triggers Expose for that application 's windows , and if you drag a file onto an app , you can then select which window you want to drop it into .
It 's definitely nice , but it 's not earth - shattering .
Here 's a little video of it in action :
And ... that 's really it , as far as UI changes go .
There 's some other minor stuff , like better PDF text selection in Preview , new glass - look menus for the Dock , and alphabetical / per-app window organization choices in regular Expose when you press command - 1 or command - 2 , but overall it's all extremely iterative and incremental -- welcome , to be sure , but not major .
The new Finder , on the other hand , is both major and more than welcome .
It 's hard to explain how dramatically improved the Finder is now , because there 's nothing externally different beyond those file previews and an icon - size slider in icon view .
Suffice to say that the Cocoa rewrite has simply made things better : opening folders with thousands of items is instantaneous and scrolling is just as fast ; network connections are snappier ; and everything hums about with essentially zero lag .
Sure , all the old Finder quibbles like inconsistent windows states and those damned .
DS_Store files are still there , but trust us -- speed cures all ills .
At least until we dump another couple thousand files into the system and slow things down again .
Like the Finder -- and , really , all things with Snow Leopard -- QuickTime X is a set of major changes wrapped in seemingly - minor interface tweaks .
Although the big change for users is the " dark " interface with a title bar and controller strip that disappear during playback , underneath QuickTime has been entirely rewritten with hooks into modern OS X components like Core Video , Core Animation , and Core Audio .
That does n't mean much if you 're just playing back an MP3 or a single video , but remember that QuickTime is more than an app -- it 's the entire media layer for OS X , so the Snow Leopard rebuild will have big consequences down the line .
That said , there are some notable changes with QuickTime Player : there 's a new screen recording tool ( we made all the videos in this post with it ) , you can record right off your built - in iSight , and there 's a new iPhone 3GS - like " Trim " tool to cut your videos fast .
That glossy title might come at a steep price for some of us -- at least at first glance .
QuickTime Player X has certainly added some welcome new options for most , but for QuickTime 7
Pro users , things get a little confusing .
If you 've already got Pro on your system and do a straight install , you 'll end up with the standard new QuickTime -- which means a lot of what you 're used to will be missing .
Hell , there is n't even a preferences dialog -- so say goodbye to presenting movies on a different monitor , or choosing a default full screen setting .
The changes also means that you can't do quick 'n' dirty edits by copy - and - pasting anymore ( a favorite of Engadget editors ) , and export options have been reduced to presets for iPhone , iPod , Apple TV , MobileMe , and YouTube .
On top of that , some QuickTime - dependent apps seem like they need a rewrite to work correctly -- we could n't get our Turbo .
264 HD stick to function , and other QuickTime programs we tried seemed similarly stressed .
Oh , and those screen recordings ?
They 're encoded with some combination of H.264 and AAC audio that did n't play nice with Viddler out of the box -- and YouTube 's uploader refused to load under Snow Leopard ( we had a number of server errors ) , so we ended up uploading all these screencasts from a Windows machine .
That may not be the case for all , but it was for us .
This wo n't be too much of an issue for users who are sticking with the basic QuickTime functionality , but for those of us who 've become accustomed to Pro , it may be a little shock .
Interestingly , Apple let us know that you can actually re-install QuickTime 7 Pro from the Snow Leopard disc ( and from your Utilities folder , oddly ) , but if you hop right into a standard upgrade , it 's amazingly easy to miss ( we did on multiple systems ) .
If you 're thinking of upgrading to Snow Leopard on day one , chances are you 're already running Safari 4 , since it 's been available since June .
The big changes in 10.6 are ( obviously ) 64 - bit support , which here translates into much faster Javascript performance , and a new browser plugin architecture that runs individual plugins as separate instances .
That means if a plugin like Flash crashes it wo n't take the whole app down with it , but sadly , we were n't able to test it -- for maybe the first time ever , we could n't crash a browser .
Hopefully our good luck rubs off on you .
By any measure , the most important new networking feature of Snow Leopard is built - in support for Microsoft Exchange in Mail , Address Book , and iCal .
Since we 're not heavy Exchange users , we wo n't go in - depth here -- our man Michael Gartenberg has got you covered there -- but in our quick tests we found setup to be simple and the integration to be flawless .
It 's hard not to look at how well Snow Leopard integrates with Exchange and see exactly why Microsoft decided to kill Entourage and bring a proper version of Outlook to the Mac , but that 's not happening for a long while -- until then , we think OS X users who need Exchange will be pretty happy .
Here 's where it gets a little rough .
Although Snow Leopard is ostensibly just a polish and repair job on Leopard , there 've been enough changes under the hood so that plenty of things are likely to break -- or at least not play nice .
As with the installation , if you 're running a stock or close - to - stock system , you probably wo n't run into any problems , but if you 've got a setup as tweaked as most of those in the Engadget labs , you 're going to run into some issues .
The biggest compatibility - breaker is the demise of InputManager plugins in 64 - bit apps , which means things like Unsanity 's Application Enhancer framework and Safari plugins like 1 Password and Glims are now broken ( or at least not really playing nice ) .
InputManager plugins have had a long and sordid history , with many claiming that they 're unstable hacks built on what 's essentially a security hole , but now that they 're gone the only thing to worry about is how to replace all the utilities and applications that depend on them -- 1 Password 's developers are already beta- testing a 10.6 - compatible update , but we have no idea how something like Chax will soldier on .
If you 've got a critical workflow that depends on an InputManager plugin -- and although that 's always been a bad idea , we 're sure some of you do -- then we 'd advise holding off on the 10.6 upgrade until you work something out , since we saw some random freak - outs ( like the one pictured ) when we forced Safari into 32 - bit mode to run 1 Password .
We also noticed problems with old standbys like Growl , GrabUp and Skitch -- really clutch go - to applications that seemed to buckle under the 64 - bit noise .
Although we could start them in 32 - bit mode , nothing seemed to work exactly right , and we 're pretty sure we spotted Growl making off with a ton of free memory when we were n't looking .
We also had trouble getting our Sprint Novatel U727 3G stick working , although our Verizon card was fine .
Again , we 're sure all of this is going to be updated , but if you 're like us , the bugginess will prove maddening at times -- enough to make us consider waiting out the upgrade on some of our other machines .
There were some other head scratchers we saw on various systems , too .
On a 17 - inch unibody we were putting through the paces , the WiFi inexplicably has gone out and we have yet to get it working again .
On a 15 - inch , older generation MacBook Pro ( 3,1 ) , Spotlight will only fetch search results in the dropdown -- results in a Finder window come up empty .
More annoyingly , on two other , newer models we were testing with , Safari crashes out when booting into 32 - bit mode -- meaning even Apple 's workaround does n't seem to ... er , work .
That 's the bad news , though .
The good news is that almost all of our regular , non-plugin , non - third - party - framework , non -hack apps worked just fine .
Office , Photoshop CS3 and CS4 , Tweetie , Firefox 3.5 , Ableton , Fluid -- you name it , it ran without a problem .
Like we said , if you 're running things close to stock you 're going to be fine , but we tend to kit out our rigs with a ton of little hacks to really speed up our workflow , and that 's the stuff that 's broken in Snow Leopard .
It 's up to you to decide where on that line you fall before you commit to the upgrade .
Compatibility with our various hackeriffic plugins aside , we found Snow Leopard to be just as stable and free from major hang - ups as Leopard .
That cranky iMac we installed it on seemed to perk up a little , and while we do n't think anything will ever make Firefox feel perfectly stable , we certainly did n't experience as many beachballs or other hangups while running 10.6 .
So yes , subjectively things seem fast and reliable , and the new Finder makes day - to - day usage seem positively zippy -- and the objective benchmarks tend to back that up .
As measured by XBench , Snow Leopard affects every Mac a little differently , but the basic outcome is the same : raw CPU performance goes up slightly , while the graphics numbers go down -- OpenGl performance in particular takes a big hit .
We 're not sure if this is due to our version of XBench not playing nicely with Snow Leopard or something else entirely , but we did n't notice any slowdowns while we actually worked -- or played a little casual CoD4 .
We 're not deep into the benchmark scene , so we'd wait for some hardcore marks to hit before you race into fanboy battle with these numbers -- for now , just know that Snow Leopard certainly " feels " a little snappier than Leopard .
Here 's the thing about Snow Leopard , the single inescapable fact that hung over our heads as we ran our tests and took our screenshots and made our graphs : it 's $ 30 . $ 30 !
If you 're a Leopard user you have virtually no reason to skip over 10.6 , unless you 've somehow built a mission - critical production workflow around an InputManager hack ( in which case , well , have fun with 10.5 for the rest of your life ) .
Sure , maybe wait a few weeks for things like Growl and MenuMeters to be updated , and if your livelihood depends on QuickTime you might want to hold off , but for everyone else the sheer amount of little tweaks and added functionality in 10.6 more than justifies skipping that last round of drinks at the bar -- hell , we 're guessing Exchange support alone has made the sale for a lot of people .
If you 're still on Tiger , well , you 'll have to decide whether or not you want to drop $ 130 on what 's essentially a spit - shined Leopard , but if you do decide to spend the cash you 'll find that the experience of using a Mac has changed dramatically for the better since you last upgraded .
In the original version of the review we noted that QuickTime 7 Pro was n't available for Snow Leopard .
In fact , the software is available as a separate install on the disc itself and via the QuickTime 7 app in the Utilities folder .
AUGUST 25 -- Facing an upcoming criminal trial , the founder of " Girls Gone Wild " will attempt to use some Hollywood star power during his defense against tax evasion charges that could result in a maximum 10 - year prison term .
As part of Joseph Francis 's opening statement in U.S. District Court in Los Angeles , his defense team will show a series of slides ( or " opening statement demonstratives " ) that link the " Girls Gone Wild " boss and his firm to movie stars like Jennifer Aniston , Jack Nicholson , Vince Vaughn , and Orlando Bloom .
A copy of the slide presentation was filed last week in federal court by Francis 's defense team .
Prosecutors allege that Francis , whose trial is set to open in mid-October , illegally sought to conceal income in offshore companies and deducted millions in phony business expenses , including costs incurred at Casa Aramara , Francis 's beachfront Mexican home .
One defense slide , seen here , includes photos of Aniston ( whose surname is misspelled ) , Bloom , and Vaughn , who are described as " celebrity guests " at the Punta Mita property .
It appears that Francis , 36 , will argue that the estate was an investment property frequently leased to wealthy tenants and , as such , certain business tax deductions were warranted .
Another slide will helpfully inform jurors that Francis is " in Business of Sex , " while another provides a " Marketing 101 " overlook at the " Girls Gone Wild " soft - core franchise .
The defense slide show will also attempt to draw parallels between Francis 's business and Hugh Hefner 's Playboy empire .
In a " Girls Gone Wild Brand " slide , Francis is seen posing with Nicholson , who represents " Celebrity Status . "
A second photo shows Francis seated with actor Mario Lopez at a basketball game ( illustrating " Sporting Events " ) .
The " Playboy Brand " slide includes six photos of Hefner , who is pictured with actor Jamie Foxx in one image .
( 5 pages )
Welcome
Portioned for one , suitable for many .
Please feel free to comment !
Jonathon Cook was on a family trip to a house in Wiltshire
A five - year - old boy has died after being shot in the head with an air rifle during a family visit to friends in Wiltshire .
Jonathon Cook , from Ealing in west London , was shot at about 1200 BST on Monday in the garden of a house in Fovant , near Tisbury .
The child was airlifted to Frenchay Hospital in Bristol , where he died in the afternoon .
The death is being investigated but is not currently treated as suspicious .
Jonathon 's mother said he was killed in a " tragic accident " and described him as a " gorgeous , cheeky , beautiful , bright little bundle of joy " .
Rapid response
The child was on a trip to Weatheroak , a house on Moor Hill in Fovant .
He is believed to be one of a number who were visiting the home of Bernard Allnutt and wife Pamela .
Wiltshire Police has issued a statement which said : " A report will be prepared for HM Coroner for Swindon and Wiltshire and we are offering support to the family , who have our deepest sympathy . "
A rapid - response paramedic arrived , followed by an ambulance then an air ambulance on Monday as the severity of the child 's injuries became clear .
A Great Western Ambulance Service spokeswoman said : " Great Western Ambulance responded to a 999 call made at 12.11 pm on Monday to a young child who had sustained head injuries following an incident with an air rifle .
" The Dorset Air Ambulance attended the incident , as they were the nearest and quickest resource available . "
Helping Injury Victims In Illinois For More Than 35 Years
At Bonifield & Rosenstengel , P.C. , we know how important it is to have experienced legal counsel on your side .
Many of our clients have never dealt with the legal process before and are looking for an advocate who will guide them through this process .
When you work with our firm , you will always deal directly with an attorney who has significant experience in personal injury cases .
In fact , we have more than 35 years of legal experience , and we have helped people throughout southern and central Illinois — as well as in the St. Louis metro area — get the compensation they deserve
How many times have I heard friends and family say , ” I need money “ , “ I need a loan ” !
Then they begin to explain that complicated situation they are going through .
Strong emotions , bad experiences , worse decisions and a lot of complicated circumstances are combined .
The conversation ends in trying to ask me for money in the best way .
I , who live up to date and cannot afford to be lending express , try to give my advice and my point of view and explain that I really cannot lend them money at that time .
I also recommend Astro Finance online loans that are perfect for those situations .
Let ’s analyze the situation a bit .
I really do n’t have money and why can’t I lend money to my family member or friend ?
Am I a bad person , greedy , who does not want to release the few weights I have in the bag ?
Or is it that I am simply in a situation as difficult as theirs ?
Surely the answer to all those questions is “ NO . ”
When someone comes to me and says ” I need money ” the first thing I think is : there are a lot of professional institutions with many resources that can meet the call to that painful phrase ” I need money .
“ If there are all those companies , why do you teach yourself to get in trouble with me ?
Better go to Astro Finance and ask for all the money you need , they are professionals and they are dedicated to that .
I need money now : emergency cash
It is not fair for anyone to put it in such a difficult situation where 2 things can happen :
1 ) You squeeze your wallet a little and lend a hand ; today for you tomorrow for me .
2 ) You are very embarrassed that you cannot help him with money at that time , but that he can count on you for anything else .
None of the 2 solutions are so good .
So when someone comes to you saying ” I need money ” you can answer what I say : “ Look , at this moment I can not lend you because I do not have so much money , but I recommend https://purplepaydayloans.com/loans-online/i-need-money-now/
that can lend you emergency cash by doing a 10 - minute online application and a 5 - minute phone call .
The money will arrive on the same day . ”
That way you do n’t decapitalize yourself and keep helping your friend or family member .
Why put so many years of friendship at risk for a few pesos ?
Better that professionals take care of credit issues .
What to do when that ” I need money ” comes out of me ?
Because of what we just mentioned , I hope your first reaction is not to go and say ” I need money ” to the first family member or friend you meet on the street .
We already saw that that does not work so well .
Better say ” I need money ” to us at Astro Finance and send us a credit application .
It will take you 10 minutes to complete the online application ;
Then we will make a brief call to confirm some information .
In a matter of minutes , you will have the money in your account so you can use the money in the way you see fit .
So you know , say “ I need money ” to the right institution and do n’t involve family or friends in a sensitive issue like credit .
I assure you that you will save many problems and you will be able to fix your affairs more efficiently .
I guess I should tag this diary " schoolmarm . "
But it bothers me more and more when people fight about nuclear energy .
It is one of the elephants in the room , regarding the future of energy resources .
We should not be trashing people who argue intelligently in favor of promoting it , and they should not be trashing people who argue intelligently against it .
One thing I 've been seeing here , as I peruse comment threads on the nuke diaries , is that the discussion really is elevating .
It 's getting more calm and more specific .
There are lots more numbers involved in these comments .
There is a lot more of arguing over numbers , instead of slapping people around because they are bad nuclear shills or lame treehuggers or some such damned thing or another .
That 's good .
I like that .
It makes it easier for me to read the comment threads .
It makes it easier for me to learn from either side .
There are other elephants in the room , regarding energy debates .
The biggest one is human overpopulation .
But do you know what I read in this month 's issue of Harper 's Magazine ?
In the Harper 's Index ?
Check this out :
" Number of countries where fertility is currently below replacement levels : 76 "
It 's doable .
But those countries did not get to that point from fighting , or being fought .
They got there from the populaces feeling more secure .
Safety nets and women having roles in society , that 's what makes it happen .
That 's a big elephant right there .
A friend of mine wrote me recently : " Suggesting that we will find answers to problems without addressing the underlying causes is like telling kids to believe in Santa Claus or the tooth faery . "
What are the rest of the elephants in the room ?
There 's got to be lots of them .
Any suggestions ?
Tracer bullets from a Foreign Legion exercise ignited a huge scrub fire which spread to the outskirts of the city of Marseilles yesterday , destroying a house and forcing the evacuation of hundreds of others .
A non-commissioned officer who allowed the use of the fiery tracer bullets against his standing orders was suspended and faces disciplinary action .
The Prime Minister , François Fillon , who flew to the scene yesterday afternoon , said that there had been a " clear and inexcusable professional blunder " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Hundreds of fireman fought to control fires raging across more than 1,300 hectares ( 3,000 acres ) of dry garrigues , or scrub- land , after the tracer bullets were used during a Foreign Legion exercise at Carpiagne , east of Marseilles , on Wednesday afternoon .
At one point , in the early hours of yesterday , it seemed that the fire was going to spread into the eastern outskirts of France 's third - largest city .
A thousand houses and an old people 's home were evacuated .
Finally , the efforts of the firemen and fire - fighting planes – and a change in the wind – brought the blaze under control .
One house was destroyed and one fireman was slightly burned , while a dozen others were overcome by fumes .
The French military announced yesterday that an adjutant ( sergeant ) aged in his 40s had been suspended .
" It appears that tracer munitions were used , strictly against orders , " said Colonel Benoît Royal , the head of the army information service .
One of the first things every aspiring writer learns about are writer guidelines .
They know that every magazine publisher , book publisher , and newspaper publisher has them and make them available to any freelance writer for a SASE ( Self - Addressed , Stamped Envelope . )
Today , of course they also know that these same guidelines are free to download from the publisher ’s web site .
They know that these guidelines give them all the information that they need to submit an effective query letter or completed manuscript , whichever the publisher prefers .
The problem is that the language used in these guidelines can be confusing to the neophyte .
This article will answer all the questions you ever had about that jargon but were afraid to ask .
Writer guidelines contain 22 terms that are crucial to your understanding of the publisher ’s requirements and I will concentrate on those areas .
The first piece of esoterica is the term “ submitting on speculation ” or “ on spec " .
When you are first starting out you will be doing a lot of “ submitting on speculation . ”
What “ on spec ” means is that you are submitting a completed manuscript to a magazine editor for consideration without any guarantee that the editor will purchase it .
Many small magazines and most online sites work “ on spec ” with all their authors no matter how experienced they are and no matter how reliable they have proven them selves to be .
There ’s nothing wrong with “ submitting on speculation ” as long as the publisher accepts “ on spec ” manuscripts .
The writer guidelines tell you whether they do or do n’t accept unrequested manuscripts .
If the guidelines states that they do n’t accept manuscripts “ on spec , ” do n’t send them .
They will not only go straight in the wastepaper basket ; they will make you look very unprofessional .
“ Query only . ” A query is nothing more than a sales pitch in letter .
The editor is asking you to write a letter pitching your article or story idea .
With a query letter , you have two objectives , to sell the editor on your article / story idea and on the fact that you are the best writer to write it .
Try to keep a query to one page in length and keep it professional .
Do n’t be stuffy but do n’t write it like you and the editor have been life - long friends .
Once you have developed a relationship with an editor , you can write friendly letters too but the friendship - type letters should still be kept separate from the business of query letters .
“ Query with Published Clips . ”
What are “ clips ? ” clips are examples of your published work .
Do n’t send samples of everything that you ’ve published if you have any to send at all .
Two or three will suffice unless the editor asks for more .
Use MLA ( Modern Language Association ) bibliography format to provide the information on where these samples appeared in print .
If you need help using MLA Bibliography Format go to http://owl.english.purdue.edu/handouts/research/r_mla.html, this is an excellent reference site and it ’s free .
If you do n’t have any clips to send , that does n’t mean you ca n’t submit " on spec " if that publication accepts " on spec " manuscripts .
If you send them a great manuscript , they wo n’t care that you did n’t have any published clips to send .
If you do n’t have any published clips look for publications that state that they work with new and / or unpublished writers .
They ’re your best bet .
“ Tearsheets / Cuttings . ” Tearsheets and Cuttings are just two other terms used for published clips .
They ’re sample pages taken from the actual published article or short story .
Most publications send the author one or two copies of the publication that their piece appeared in .
You need to hang on to them to make photocopies of the pages , and submit the copies .
Copies are perfectly acceptable as long as the copies show the name of the publication , page number , date , etc. it ’s still a good idea to do the MLA Format bibliography within the body of your query letter .
Some publications require sidebars while other publications make sidebars optional but pay extra for acceptable sidebars .
What are “ Sidebars ? ” “ Sidebars ” are that boxed - in text that appears at the side of the page that contains extra information on the subject covered in the main text .
We ’ve all seen those boxes of text even if we did n’t know what they were called .
If you submit a sidebar , place it at the end of the main manuscript under the subheading “ Sidebar . ”
Editors have e very specific ideas of how these sidebars should relate to the articles they accompany and the best way for the writer to discover that relationship is to read back issues of that publication .
“ Fillers . ”
Often when we study a publication ’s writer ’s guidelines , we find that they accept fillers .
What are fillers ?
Often a publisher ends up with left over space at the end of an article and they use very short pieces called “ Fillers ” to fill that space .
Fillers can be on anything that meets the needs of the publication readership .
Writing and submitting filler material is a good way for a beginner to get his or her name before an editor and to show the quality of the material they are capable of producing .
“ Bylines and Kill Fees . ” Bylines is a pretty common term and most writers , even rank beginner , knows that it refers to his or her name appearing beneath the title of the article when it ’s published .
“ Kill Fees , ” on the other hand , may not be familiar .
Most reputable publications pay the author a percentage of what they promised the author upon publication if they decide not to publish it after they accept it for publication .
That is a “ Kill Fee , ” the percentage being specified by the editor at the time the piece is accepted .
“ Simultaneous Submissions ” is where you submit a piece to more than one publication at the same time .
Many publications allow simultaneous submissions but be professional about it and let each editor know that it ’s a simultaneous submission and , when it ’s accepted for publication by one , do notify the others that it has been accepted .
If you do n’t tell the others that you have sold it you may sell it to several others but I can almost guarantee that you will never sell another piece to any of them .
One thing every editor hates is to have the same piece appear at the same time in competing publications .
Many publications do n’t accept simultaneous submissions and they make that crystal clear in their guidelines .
“ Pay on Publication ” vs “ Pay on Acceptance . ”
Two more terms that are fairly clear .
I prefer publications that “ Pay on Acceptance ” because I know that a check is in the mail as soon as I get a letter from the editor telling me that he or she wants to publish my piece .
“ Pay on Publication , ” on the other hand , means that I may have to wait several months before I see a check in my mailbox or a direct deposit to my account .
Some publications offer their regular contributors a direct deposit option but that ’s not something you will find in the guidelines .
Some publications request an author bio that can be printed with the article .
Bios are common requests when submitting to professional publications .
Keep this brief but include all pertinent facts about your education , professional achievements , awards , professional licenses , etc .
“ Editorial Lead Time . ”
Editorial lead - time applies mostly to seasonal submissions and refers to how far in advance of the publication date that the editor needs the finished manuscript .
Editorial lead - time may apply to other material as well and it ’s extremely important that the writer keeps this in mind when working with an editor .
Editorial lead - time is one of the few things that are pretty much set in concrete .
What rights the publishers are buying are probably one of the most confusing parts of a set of writer ’s guidelines .
They are listed in the guidelines this way :
All Rights - the publishers is buying all rights to the material and the writer can never sell that material again to anyone without infringing upon the publications copyright .
First Rights - the publisher wants to be the first to publish the material in a specific publication .
First Worldwide Rights - the publisher is buying the rights to be the first to publish the material online .
Electronic
Rights - the publisher is buying the right to publish the material using any electronic media - online , CD - ROM , etc .
First North American Serial Rights - the publisher wants to be the first to publish the material on the North American continent .
In this case , it ’s perfectly ok to sell it simultaneously to a publisher in Europe as long as that publisher does n’t ask for First Worldwide Serial Rights .
Second ( Reprint ) Rights - these rights give a publication the rights to reprint an article that has already appeared elsewhere .
One Time Rights - with one time rights the publication is n’t asking to be the first one to publish the material , they just want the rights to print it one time .
Exclusive Rights - the publication is buying exclusive rights to the material for a specified period of time , usually a period of six months to a year .
Non-Exclusive Rights - with non-exclusive rights once published the author is free to sell it to anyone else that wants to buy it .
Archive Rights - archive rights mostly apply to online sites and gives the site the right to keep the material in their archives for retrieval for as long as they like .
Work For Hire - with work for hire , the publisher owns all the right to the material because it was work they hired you and paid you to write .
With work for hire , you retain no rights to the material nor do you receive a byline when it ’s printed .
Ok , these are your guidelines for understanding writer ’s guidelines ; keep them handy and refer to them as often as needed .
Snake TS : Classic snake game .
Must see and play .
For a teenager from a Puerto Rican family struggling upward from the public housing projects of the Bronx , Princeton University in 1972 was a foreign land .
“ I felt isolated from all I had ever known , ” she said later , and the low grade she got on one of her first papers drove home the point -- sending her flying to get remedial help .
Four years later , Sonia Maria Sotomayor won the Pyne Prize , the highest honor awarded a Princeton undergraduate .
Three years after that , she was the editor of the Yale Law Journal .
Born amid poverty , raised by her mother after her father died when she was a child , diagnosed with juvenile diabetes , the first Latino ever nominated to the Supreme Court has a life story that embodies some of the nation ’s most enduring values .
“ The kid who did n’t know how to write her first semester was honored for her academic excellence and commitment to university service with that award , ” she said in 2002 .
“ In my years there , Princeton taught me that people of color could not only survive there , but that we could flourish and succeed . ”
Advertisement
As President Obama began sifting through possible choices for his first nomination to the high court , he announced that intellectual distinction would be important , but so would a capacity for empathy -- an ability to apply the lessons of experience to abstruse legal issues that could touch the lives of ordinary people .
On that basis , it ’s not hard to see how he settled on Sotomayor .
In many ways , her life echoes the president ’s own .
Like Obama , she was raised by a single mother .
And as Obama said in nominating her Tuesday , “ she has never forgotten where she began , never lost touch with the community that supported her . ”
Sotomayor , 54 , is poised to succeed beyond even her wildest hopes in 1972 .
At that time , the high court was the province of white males .
Even now , if she is confirmed by the Senate , she would become only the third woman and the third minority to serve as a justice .
Described as warm , humble and unassuming , with little inclination to promote herself , Sotomayor beat out several more established candidates for the court .
“ She ’s not someone who has risen up to a place of power and surrounds herself with other people of power , ” said Julia Tarver Mason , a former clerk .
Advertisement
As both a district court judge and on the appeals court , Sotomayor made a conspicuous effort to reach out to clerks , secretaries -- every worker in the courthouse .
She “ knows all of the doormen .
She knows all the cafeteria workers .
Knows all the janitors , ” said Robin Kar , a former clerk and now a law professor at the University of Illinois .
“ She does understand poverty .
She does understand people from all walks of life . ”
In her youth , Sotomayor had no desire to be a judge .
Inspired by Nancy Drew books , she longed to be a police officer or a detective .
A diabetes diagnosis when she was 8 altered that equation and moved her to pursue a more sedate career .
( She also found inspiration watching “ Perry Mason . ” )
A year later , her father died .
Her parents had arrived in New York from Puerto Rico during World War II , and Sotomayor had grown up in a close - knit world where Spanish was the spoken language .
She did n’t grow comfortable with English until after her father ’s death .
Advertisement
By then , her mother , Celina , a nurse at a methadone clinic , was working day and night on a mission to send Sotomayor and her brother , Juan , now a doctor , to a private Catholic high school in the Bronx .
“ Sonia ’s mom bought the only set of encyclopedias in the neighborhood , ” Obama noted .
“ My mother has devoted her life to my brother and me , ” Sotomayor said at the White House .
“ She worked often two jobs to help support us after Dad died .
I have often said I am who I am because of her , and I am only half the woman she is . ”
After graduation from
Yale in 1979 , and when many of her peers began lucrative careers in the private sector , Sotomayor became a prosecutor , working for venerable Manhattan Dist .
Atty . Robert Morgenthau .
She rose quickly from junior to senior assistant district attorney , moving from prosecuting misdemeanors to felonies .
“ She was right out of law school , ” said John W. Fried , who was Sotomayor ’s supervisor .
“ And what impressed me was her ability to move almost seamlessly from studying law from law books to being an assistant D.A. in a large urban environment -- with legal issues and factual issues that are not the subject of any law school curriculum . ”
Advertisement
She later moved on to a Manhattan law firm , where she became a partner .
But it was n’t long before President George H.W. Bush , a Republican , in a deal with New York Democratic Sen. Daniel Patrick Moynihan , named her to be a U.S. District Court judge for the Southern District of New York , one of the nation ’s busiest courts .
She was the first Latina on the court .
In an interview at the time , she spoke of the courts as the “ last refuge for the oppressed . ”
“ I ’m a down - to - earth litigator , ” she said , “ and that ’s what I expect I ’ll be like as a judge . ”
President Clinton picked her for the 2nd Circuit in 1997 , but Republicans in the Senate dragged out her nomination , fearing that the appointment would pave the way for a Supreme Court nomination .
She was confirmed in 1998 .
Advertisement
For Sotomayor , who is divorced with no children , her clerks functioned as a sort of surrogate family .
Judge Guido Calabresi , a fellow judge on the 2nd Circuit Court who taught the young Sotomayor torts at Yale , said she was the one who organized dinners for the judges on the court and their spouses .
But he was also quick to praise her for her work on the bench .
“ She ’s always a very forceful and powerful judge , ” Calabresi said .
“ She has , not on an insignificant number of occasions , caused me to change my mind .
I would read one of the memos she had written on a case and say , ‘ I think she ’s got it and I do n’t . ’ ”
Fried compared Sotomayor to the late Justice Byron White .
“ I once had a beer with Whizzer White , ” Fried said .
“ He was just a down - to - earth guy .
She very much reminded me of that .
Unpretentious .
A humble - type person who through hard work and effort was given a great opportunity . ”
Advertisement
--
joliphant@latimes.com
Andy Zajac of the Washington bureau contributed to this report .
--
Advertisement
( BEGIN TEXT OF INFOBOX )
Sonia Sotomayor
Age : 54
Born : New York City
Advertisement
Experience : Judge , 2nd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals , 1998 - present .
Judge , U.S. District Court , Southern District of New York , 1992 - 98 .
Private practice , New York City , 1984 - 92 .
Assistant district attorney , New York County , 1979 - 84
Education : B.A. , Princeton University , 1976 ; J.D. , Yale Law School , 1979
Family : Divorced ; no children
Quote : “ I do n’t believe we should bend the Constitution under any circumstance .
It says what it says .
We should do honor to it . ”
Advertisement
-- From a 1997 nomination hearing
Source : Associated Press
[ H/t Heather ]
Franklin Schaeffer , the author of Crazy For God and a man who knows whereof he speaks when it comes to the great white underbelly of the American Right , really laid it out last night on Rachel Maddow 's show :
Maddow :
Do you think that calling the president a Nazi , calling the president Hitler , is an implicit call for politically - motivated violence ?
Schaeffer : Yes I do .
In fact , this rings a big bell with me , because my dad , who was a right - wing evangelical leader , wrote a book called A Christian Manifesto -- it sold over a million copies .
And in that book he compared anyone who was pro-abortion to the Nazi Germans , and he said that using violence or force to overthrow Nazi Germany would have been appropriate for Christians , including the assassination of Hitler .
He compared the Supreme Court 's actions on abortion to that .
And that has been a note that has been following the right wing movement that my father and I helped start in an evangelical context all the way .
So what 's really being said here is two messages .
There is the message to the predominantly white , middle - aged crowds of people screaming at these meetings , trying to shut them down , but there 's also a coded message to what I would call the loony tunes -- the fruit loops on the side .
It 's really like playing Russian Roulette -- you put a cartridge in the chamber , you spin , and once in awhile it goes off .
And we saw that happen with Dr. Tiller , we 've seen it happen numerous times with the violence against political leaders , whether it 's Martin Luther King or whoever it might be .
We have a history of being a well - armed , violent country .
And so really , I think that these calls are incredibly irresponsible .
The good news is that it shows a desperation .
The far right knows they have lost , they 've lost the hearts and minds of most American people , for instance , who want health care .
But they also know that they have a large group of people who are not well - informed , who listen to only their own sources , who buy the lies -- for instance , all this nonsense about euthanasia being mandatory , and all the rest of it .
And these people can be energized to go out and do really dreadful things .
And we 've seen it in front of abortion clinics , I 'm afraid we 're going to see it with some of our political leaders .
And the Glenn Becks of this world literally are responsible for unleashing what I regard as an anti-democratic , anti-American movement in this country .
It is trying to shut down legitimate debate , and replace it with straight - out intimidation .
There are two types of news : the news that fits and the news that would cause fits if it were printed .
A responsible press would cover both .
Unfortunately , economic reporting in the United States does n't always do this .
If news of an economic bombshell gets suppressed ... did it really explode ?
The graph below shows the United States net foreign debt .
It hit an unprecedented $ 3.5 trillion , 24.3 % of our GDP , at the end of 2008 , according to a report issued on June 26 by the Bureau of Economic Analysis .
When foreign debt rises as a percentage of GDP , a country becomes less and less able to pay off debt from its income stream .
Normally the dramatic rise shown in the graph for 2008 would have been newsworthy but on July 8 , almost two weeks after the report was issued , one of us did a Google news search and found that only the Washington Times covered the story .
Elsewhere in the news were references to foreign debt in Argentina , Armenia , Bulgaria , China , Colombia , Croatia , Egypt , Indonesia , Mexico , Namibia , Peru , Philippines , Poland , Russia , Turkey , and Zimbabwe , but no references to America 's rising foreign debt .
Alert readers of the American Thinker know that the International Monetary Fund predicted a huge rise in American foreign debt in 2008 and 2009 , but American economic reporters have not wanted to make our rising foreign debt a story , perhaps because they do n't want to make the Obama administration look bad .
Ever since taking office Obama has been expanding U.S. government borrowing from abroad .
On April 15 , Treasury Secretary Timothy Geithner , intent on borrowing more money from China , issued a report to Congress which pretended that China does not manipulate its currency , despite the fact that China had already collected about $ 1.7 trillion dollars of our debt as a byproduct of its non-existent currency manipulations .
A Labor Department report issued on July 2 did get media attention .
The latest numbers show U.S. manufacturing employment declining in June to 11,854,000 workers , down 136,000 since May , down 786,000 since President Obama took office in January and down 5,260,000 since President Bush took office in January 2001 .
Our rising foreign debt and our falling manufacturing employment share a cause : the trade deficits .
Many of our trading partners including Japan , China and Saudi Arabia , have adopted mercantilist policies ( encouraging exports while discouraging imports ) .
Instead of buying our goods with the dollars that they earn from trade , they have been buying our financial assets .
Japan was the first and has been running consistent trade surpluses with us since 1964 .
China emulated the Japanese policies , and its trade surpluses exploded when it began to allow private enterprises , including foreign ones , to open factories in China .
American economists euphemistically called their policies an export - led development strategy and applauded their success , ignoring their barriers to American imports , the harm being done to American industrial workers , and the debt that we were piling up .
At first , the central banks in these countries used the surplus dollars gained from trade to build up dollar reserves deposited with the Federal Reserve Banks .
Then they continued to buy U.S. financial assets , including hundreds of billions of dollars of U.S. government bonds , bank certificates of deposit , and corporate stocks and bonds .
In effect they have been lending the U.S. the dollars they earn by exports so we could continue buying more from them .
We get their consumer goods and a financial crisis , while they get our IOUs .
A substantial share of our trade deficits accrued to oil - exporting countries .
Most of the oil we import comes from Canada and Mexico which gives us no cause for alarm since they are members of the North American Free Trade Area .
When they get richer , they buy more American products , including manufactured goods .
For every $ 1 we spent on Mexican goods and services in 2008 , it bought 75 ¢ of American goods and services .
In contrast , the OPEC countries just bought 35 ¢ and China just 25 ¢ .
We might not need OPEC oil were we to drill for oil where the U.S. Geodetic Survey has identified huge potential reserves on public lands , off - shore and in the Arctic .
At the same time that our foreign debt is skyrocketing , we are losing manufacturing jobs , and thus the ability to export goods in the future to pay back this foreign debt .
This policy is not sustainable .
We are heading toward a dollar crash , high inflation , high interest rates , or a combination of all three , all because we wo n't require that the mercantilist countries buy our goods instead of taking our IOUs !
In our 2008 book ( Trading Away Our Future ) we compared America 's rashness in accepting this bad bargain to Esau 's rashness in Genesis ( 25:29 - 34 ) .
Here is the JPS translation of the incident :
Once when Jacob was cooking a stew , Esau came in from the open , famished .
And Esau said to Jacob , " Give me some of that red stuff to gulp down , for I am famished . " ...
Jacob said , " First sell me your birthright . "
And Esau said , " I am at the point of death , so what use is my birthright to me ? "
But Jacob said , " Swear to me first . "
So he swore to him , and sold his birthright to Jacob .
Jacob then gave Esau bread and lentil stew ; he ate and drank , and he rose and went away .
Thus did Esau spurn his birthright .
If Esau were thinking long - term , he would have made a better bargain with Jacob .
As a hunter , he would have had pelts or meat to trade with Jacob .
Instead , he traded away his future .
America is making the same bad bargain .
As we noted in our book : " We are trading away our future for a mess of mercantilist produced pottage ! "
The discovery of what appears to be a large crater caused by an asteroid impact on Jupiter provides a graphic illustration of the destructive potential of this type of cosmic event .
Sixty - five million years ago , the reign of the dinosaurs was brought to a fiery end by a cataclysmic impact with a 10 km - wide asteroid .
It will happen again – we just do n't know when .
However , for the first time in earth 's history , one species – the human race – can to do something about it .
There are two steps to averting cosmic disaster .
First , we must search for objects which cross earth 's orbit , named Near Earth Objects ( NEOs ) .
Anything bigger than about 30 m should concern us .
The comet that exploded in the high atmosphere over Siberia in June 1908 , incinerating an area almost exactly the size and shape of London , was less than 75 m in diameter .
So , it 's important we catalogue all NEOs of this size and above .
Over 10 years , half a dozen large , ground - based telescopes located around the world and dedicated to the task , could create a fairly complete list of dangerous objects .
Step two is not to destroy them !
That works in Hollywood , but it 's a dreadful strategy in the real world .
Blowing them up simply turns one dangerous object into a deadly storm shower of millions of smaller objects , which would torch a wide area of the earth 's surface .
It 's smarter to keep the NEO intact and give it a " nudge " .
And because Earth is only 13,000 km across , all we have to do is nudge it 7,000 km or more to the left or the right or up or down and we 're saved .
How do we " nudge " an NEO ?
Well , there are several alternatives .
We can use a rocket like a tug literally to push the NEO into a slightly different orbit .
It 's feasible to spot the objects 10 or 20 years before their orbits cause them to impact with us .
With enough warning , even a change in direction of just 1 cm per second achieves the required change in orbit .
The nudge could perhaps be achieved with a nuclear explosion to vaporise part of the NEO , the jet of superheated material shoving the object out of harm 's way .
But that is risky .
We could end up smashing it to a billion bits and causing a subsequent rain of death instead .
Some objects may be giant collections of dust and rocks held together loosely by their own weak gravity .
Then , we'd have to sling a big cosmic " bin bag " around them and tow them to a new orbit .
That 's complicated , but it can be done .
The main thing to realise is that we have the technology to do all this now .
But do we have the political will ?
That 's the biggest unknown .
The haunting reality is that if we do n't invest what I estimate to be £ 120 m to search for these objects , and up to £ 50 bn to divert them , we face the very real possibility of going the same way as the dinosaurs .
It 's sobering to think we could save the world from Armageddon for less than it cost to save RBS from bankruptcy .
But at present , the political will simply is n't there .
Michael W. Masters is a long - time writer on ecology , sustainability , immigration , sociobiology , moral philosophy , Southern heritage , and other political , historical , and cultural topics .
The Origin of Races
Biology will prevail against all attempts to abolish it
Man , the Upright Ape
The Cerebral Rubicon
Origins of Race
“ Ancestors of modern Caucasoids and modern East Asians ( let us call them Eurasians ) developed either in northeastern Africa , or in West Asia or southeastern Europe from an originally African source during the period between 100 and 50 kya [ thousand years ago ] …
“ Whether or not it partially hybridized with local descendants of archaic H. sapiens or H. erectus , the Eurasian moiety was ready for an expansion , perhaps about 50 - 40 kya , and expanded in all directions : north and then east , occupying northeastern Asia , the Arctic , and America ; west toward West Asia and Europe ; and southeast , where it may have mixed with the descendants of the southern branch of the African migration . ”
The African Eve
Ice People and Sun People
Evolutionary biologists assume that each species ( or subspecies , such as a race ) has evolved a characteristic life history adapted to the particular ecological problems encountered by its ancestors .
A life history is a genetically organized suite of characteristics that evolved in a coordinated manner so as to allocate energy to survival , growth , and reproduction .
These strategies may be organized on a scale .
“ At one end are ‘ r - strategies ’ that emphasize gamete production , mating behavior , and high reproductive rates and , at the other , ‘ K - strategies ’ that emphasize high levels of parental care , resource acquisition , kin provisioning , and social complexity .
The K - strategy requires more complex nervous systems and larger brains …
[ A ] rchaic versions of what were to become the modern Caucasoid and Mongoloid peoples dispersed out of Africa about 100,000 years ago and adapted to the problem of survival in predictably cold environments .
This evolutionary process required a bioenergetic tradeoff that increased brain size and parenting behavior ( ‘ K ’ ) at the expense of egg production and sexual behavior ( ‘ r ’ ) . ”
The Sorcerer ’s Seed
Evolution in Reverse
Discover Magazine has an excellent Carl Zimmer article on glial cells .
They make up the majority of the brain ’s volume but they get relatively little attention from the neuroscience community who would rather focus on the seemingly more lively neurons .
There ’s a traditional format for these stories , that says that we used to think that glial cells were just ‘ scaffolding ’ for the brain that gave protected padding for the neurons , but now we are on the verge of a breakthrough in understanding what they do .
Here ’s one from New Scientist in 1994 , and a pdf of another from Scientific American in 2004 .
One difficulty has been integrating the action of glial cells into the popular cognitive model of the brain that suggests that it works as an information processing device .
While there have been various discoveries about the biological function of glia , this is the first article I ’ve read which gives a clear idea of how one type of glial cell , the astrocyte , might be involved in information processing .
For some brain scientists , these discoveries are puzzle pieces that are slowly fitting together into an exciting new picture of the brain .
Piece one : Astrocytes can sense incoming signals .
Piece two :
They can respond with calcium waves .
Piece three :
They can produce outputs ‚Äîneurotransmitters and perhaps even calcium waves that spread to other astrocytes .
In other words , they have at least some of the requirements for processing information the way neurons do .
Alfonso Araque , a neuroscientist at the Cajal Institute in Spain , and his colleagues make a case for a fourth piece .
They find that two different stimulus signals can produce two different patterns of calcium waves ( that is , two different responses ) in an astrocyte .
When they gave astrocytes both signals at once , the waves they produced in the cells was not just the sum of the two patterns .
Instead , the astrocytes produced an entirely new pattern in response .
That ‚Äôs what neurons ‚Äîand computers , for that matter ‚Äîdo .
If astrocytes really do process information , that would be a major addition to the brain ‚Äôs computing power .
After all , there are many more astrocytes in the brain than there are neurons .
Perhaps , some scientists have speculated , astrocytes carry out their own computing .
Instead of the digital code of voltage spikes that neurons use , astrocytes may act more like an analog network , encoding information in slowly rising and falling waves of calcium .
In his new book , The Root of Thought , neuroscientist Andrew Koob suggests that conversations among astrocytes may be responsible for ‚ Äúour creative and imaginative existence as human beings .
‚Äù
Obviously this is based on the idea that we need to fit new biological findings into the computational model , rather than fitting our model of the mind into the biology , but that ’s a whole different battle .
Link to Discover article ‘ The Dark Matter of the Human Brain ’ .
Ed Schultz of The Ed Show interviews Robert Greenwald about an investigative report on the CEO of United Health Care Group .
Turns out the guy is making about $ 102,000 per hour .
At one point a few years ago his salary alone accounted for $ 1 in every $ 700 spent on healthcare in America .
The fact is , in this country we have always recognized that some things are not best left to the marketplace .
How would you like it if the Fire Department showed up , but before they would start spraying water they needed you to show you insurance card and fill out some forms…oh , and did you get pre-approved to have that kitchen fire ?
People are complaining about “ government bureaucrats standing between them and their doctors .
Medicaid recipients consistently give the program very high satisfaction ratings , and it operates on much lower overhead than any private insurance company .
It is time that the lower and middle income people being duped by these bogus “ grass roots ” organizations ( setup and funded by the insurance companies ) realized that their anger is directed in exactly the wrong direction .
No one does well when their healthcare is run by insurance company bureaucrats and high - flying executives motivated only by profit .
It does n’t take a genius to figure out that our personal health is not something best taken care of by “ for profit ” insurance companies .
They do n’t make money paying to get you healthy .
It ’s really just that simple .
UPDATE : 2010-06-29 ; 16:07:05 : According the Minneapolis Star - Tribune , United HealthGroup ’s CEO , Stephen Hemsley , received $ 101,959,866 in total compensation in 2009 .
I have to ask , really , who is worth that much .
China wants to establish a new global currency regime China reduced its holdings of US government debt by the largest margin in nearly nine years in June , according to data from the US Treasury .
China holds more US government debt than any other country and cut its holdings of US securities by more that 3 % in June , said the BBC's Chris Hogg .
Japan and the UK - second and third largest holders of US debt - increased their holdings over the same period .
China 's holding of US debt is about 7 % higher than at the turn of the year .
Inflation fear
In recent months the US government 's budget deficit has widened thanks in part to the Obama administration 's costly stimulus plan .
Our correspondent in Shanghai says that China is worried about this , and fears the stimulus efforts will fuel inflation in the US , reducing the value of the dollar .
This would then erode the value of the debt China holds in the US currency .
In June , China cut its holdings of US securities by about $ 25 bn , a fall of 3.1 % .
' Dollar alternative '
The sales were made as the US treasury secretary was visiting Beijing to try to reassure the Chinese that their investment in his country 's government debt is safe .
In 2008 , the Chinese increased their holdings in US debt by 52 % over 12 months .
" China has said it would like to establish an alternative to the US dollar as the world 's favoured currency for foreign exchange reserves , " said our correspondent .
" So far there is no evidence that there is a suitable alternative .
But these figures suggest they are exploring ways to diversify their investments where they can . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A report by the Foreign Policy Magazine shows an interesting trend to the global birth trends in the world
The study purports that economic stability contributes to a lower population growth and conversely instability and poverty catapults the birth rate to exponential proportions .
As a country transitions from poverty to affluence , birthrates plunge — from six or eight children per woman to just about two
Predictions are that if Pakistan were to continue at the prevalent unemployment , endemic poverty , and flailing schools it is quite simply impossible to combat when every year adds more and more people .
Suggesting that low birthrates are n’t a consequence of national wealth ; rather , they ’re needed to create it .
Foreign Policy : Low birthrates are n’t the result of economic growth and political stability ; they ’re a prerequisite
The estimates are that by the middle of this century Pakistan would have catapulted from 170 million to over 550 million people by 2060 .
I just wonder if merely solving the birthrate problem will this alone alleviate the ills of our country , but on the other hand its without doubt that the exponential rise in our population will definitely place undue strain on an already frail economy which sadly has no prospects of getting any better .
With this in mind maybe my criticism of those TOUCH condom ads that were abundantly aired during the Twenty20 World Cup might be truly be unwarranted
Credit : KO
Shack dwellers protest in Durban .
By Dale T. McKinley
The ideological , political , organisational and socioeconomic realities of contemporary South Africa do not paint a flattering picture for the left :
The neoliberal variant of capitalism is not only practically dominant but generally in a phase of ideological triumphalism , despite its recent setbacks ;
The state has rapidly become the “ public arm ” of a slowly deracialising capitalist ruling class ( both bureaucratic and corporate ) .
The African National Congress ( ANC ) , which is in political and administrative possession of the state , is under the effective control of this ruling class and is fully committed to serving its interests .
Despite the more recent growth of a crisis of ideological identity and political division , the ANC 's own leadership layers , as well as those of its Tripartite Alliance partners ( the Congress of South African Trade Unions — COSATU — and the South African Communist Party — SACP ) have become subagents of this class rule ;
The socioeconomic position of the majority of people , but particularly that of the formal working class as well as those outside of formal capitalist employment , has worsened ; [ 1 ]
Regardless of the growing legitimacy crisis of bourgeois democracy and its electoral system , no mass - based and national political / organisational alternative has arisen either in relation to participating within the system of bourgeois electoralism or in creating the conditions for an alternative system of democratic participation and process outside of and against , bourgeois - democratic electoralism ; [ 2 ]
Despite their historical centrality to the struggle against apartheid as well as continued presence in both the ANC - led Alliance and independent sociopolitical struggles of the poor and the working class , left forces remain numerically small and politically weak , characterised by organisational sectoralism , disjointed resistance struggles and a lack of ideological confidence .
Besides the ongoing struggles of the organised working class for better living and working conditions , as well as those of new social movements and a wide range of community organisations around socioeconomic conditions of existence , the dominant form and content of left struggles since the late 1990s has revolved around issue - oriented social and political struggles such as those that focus on HIV / AIDS , privatisation , water , electricity , housing , the environment and so on .
[ 3 ]
While these struggles are , in and of themselves , necessary and important , they contain little in the way of grappling with the demands and actual forging of a meaningful strategy of the left that has the potential to change radically the organisational and political face of anti-capitalist politics and struggle in South Africa ( and implicitly Southern Africa ) .
Simply put , left politics in South Africa has become ideologically balkanised and to a lesser extent strategically and politically de-classed .
To make matters worse , much of the leadership of the left has descended into the age - old morass of personal egotism , power - mongering and political dishonesty and opportunism .
Roots of the crisis
When South Africa 's first ever one - person , one - vote elections in 1994 resulted in an overwhelming victory for the ANC , the majority of South Africans understandably celebrated the arrival of a new democracy .
After all , the ANC and its liberation - movement allies were now in political control of the state thanks to the votes of those who had , throughout South Africa ’s modern history , been denied the right of institutionalised democratic participation simply because of their racial categorisation .
Accompanying this , however , there still remained a broad - based expectation among the black majority — and also among large sections of the left — that the new ANC state would immediately begin to pursue a more socialist , or at the least radically redistributive , political economy .
The basis upon which such an expectation had been built derived from the militant , mass - based political and socioeconomic struggles that had been waged by unions and community organisations ( and supported by more radical NGOs ) since the mid-1980s , alongside the continued socialist rhetoric of the ANC itself .
[ 4 ]
As South African commentators Richard Ballard , Adam Habib and Imraan Valodia have put it , “ As has happened so often in newly liberated countries , the euphoria of political transition led many to expect that the need for adversarial social struggle with the state was over . ” [ 5 ]
Even if it had been long apparent that the ANC was never going to follow even a proto - socialist developmental path once in power , the bubble was clearly and publicly burst with the ANC state ’s 1996 unveiling of the neoliberal Growth , Employment and Redistribution ( GEAR ) macroeconomic policy .
[ 6 ]
The organisational groundwork for this rightward ideological shift of the ANC had been laid soon after the ANC ’s return from exile in early 1990 .
Instead of supporting and strengthening the plethora of community and civic organisations ( along with progressive trade unions ) that had formed the backbone of the anti-apartheid struggle in the 1980s , the ANC called on all civic and community structures to fold up and become part of ANC branches or to join the newly launched South African National Civics Organisation ( SANCO ) , which , it was announced , would become the “ fourth ” member of the Tripartite Alliance .
Simultaneously , the ANC further formalised its political and organisational alliance with COSATU — and the main left political party , the SACP — by setting up numerous ( consultative )
Alliance structures and drafting key leadership figures into its electoral list for all levels of government .
Consistent with the sociopolitical thrust of GEAR , the ANC government also set about forming national structures to give institutional form to its corporatist commitments .
The National Economic , Development and Labour Council ( NEDLAC ) was formed , in which “ civil society ” was represented by a “ development chamber ” ( consisting of chosen non-governmental and community - based organisations ) , a labour component ( consisting of recognised union federations ) and a corporate component ( consisting of representatives from capital and big business ) .
At the same time , legislation was passed — e.g. , the Non-Profit Act of 1997 — and institutions set up like the Directorate of Non-Profit Organisations ( which required NGOs and CBOs to register officially with the state ) and the National Development Agency ( “ to direct financial resources to the sector ” ) .
[ 7 ]
All of this fit comfortably within the ANC government 's push “ for a more formalised civil society constituency as part of a developmental model where formally organised groups participate in official structures to claim public resources ” and where “ the role of such organised groups is constructed along the lines of official government programmes , without space to contest the fundamentals of those programmes ” . [ 8 ]
The leaderships of both COSATU and the SACP eagerly bought into the ANC “ nation building ” and “ corporatist consensus ” sales pitch ( rationalised by constant reference to the Stalinist era-inspired theory of the “ national democratic revolution ” ) , thus placing the key components of the political left in a classic strategic cul - de- sac — in other words , into a situation where the pursuit and advancement of an anti-capitalist struggle is effectively co-determined by capital itself and by a state already wholly committed to securing the core interests of capital .
When , as they did throughout the better part of the 1990s , COSATU and SACP leaders tell the workers and poor that the best ( and only ) strategic option is to manage better their own exploitation and hope that somewhere down the road it will lead to “ socialism ” , the entire meaning of what is “ left ” is put into question . [ 9 ]
The early sanitising of the traditional and much of the previously organisationally independent left was only further reinforced by the post - 1994 crisis of funding that confronted most community organisations and progressive NGOs , which were largely dependent on donor funding .
Both domestic and foreign donor funding took a radical turn after the 1994 elections , away from previous commitments to independent grassroots mobilisation and struggles and towards state - directed “ developmental ” programs — such as the Reconstruction and Development Programme ( RDP ) — and state - sponsored social welfare “ partnerships ” with approved “ civil society ” organisations .
The dual result was a “ development agenda ” increasingly driven by state and private ( i.e. , corporate ) donor funding and the death of the vast majority of independent and in many cases anti-capitalist , organisations . [ 10 ]
Cumulatively , these developments meant that by the mid-late 1990s the vast majority of what had constituted a previously vibrant and predominately independent South African left , rooted in broad working - class politics and struggles and sustaining the hope of millions for an anti-capitalist transformation of South African society , had effectively been neutered .
Whether swallowed by the ANC , absorbed into other Tripartite Alliance structures , hobbled by the co-option of key leaders into the state and associated corporatist institutions , or starved of financial resources , the bottom line was the successful containment of the political and organisational terrain for active and militant resistance to the ANC 's creeping neoliberalism , elite deal making and wholesale acceptance of the institutionalised framework of bourgeois democracy .
The `traditional left ' : COSATU and the SACP
It might well be argued ( and indeed it has been ) , that the “ transitional ” presence of COSATU and the SACP , as part of both a formal alliance with the ruling ANC party as well as the “ broad left ” in South Africa , would translate into a collection of vibrant anti-capitalist forces capable of and willing to contest fundamentally the politics , policies and overall developmental agenda of both capital and the state . [ 11 ]
However , the transitional reality has been that the acceptance of an unequal and essentially subservient political relationship within an ANC - dominated alliance — which is supposed to act as the political master of the state — as well as participation in corporatist institutionalism , has served to tie organised workers and large numbers of community activists with historic ties with or sympathy to the Alliance , into a false sense of ideological and strategic unity with the ANC and the state and , even if to a much lesser extent , with corporate capital . [ 12 ]
Unfortunately , for the broad left in South Africa , the SACP and COSATU have been fiddling with the same strategic and political choices since the beginning of the transition :
First choice : to be junior partners in an Alliance they will never run and control ( but might have key positions in ) and thus practice a politics of offering critiques of existing policy implementation and arguing for policies that have a more pro-poor character or more state involvement ; engage in occasional campaigns and activities designed to “ show ” that the working class is still a force to be reckoned with and simultaneously continuing to be part of an ANC electoral machine and to participate in an ANC - run state through its various institutional mechanisms .
Second choice : to go back to the basics of organising and mobilising the poor and the working class ( which means real , practical alliances with community organisations and new social movements ) based on a radical program of demands for the redistribution of ownership and wealth that will act as an organisational and political base both to shift ANC government policy — not through insider bargaining and politicking but through mass mobilisation — and to re-build a genuine left political and organisational power base to contest power relations within South African society ( something which is not simply reducible to elections and running as an electoral force separate from the ANC ) .
The problem is , however , that the fiddling has been just that — the second choice has never really been on the agenda .
As a result , both COSATU and the SACP have continued to play the Alliance political game .
While this has contributed to minor policy shifts and occasional genuflections by the ANC government towards mitigation of rising inequalities and poverty , these have not happened in isolation from the myriad protests and mobilisations that have taken place outside the SACP - COSATU nexus and which have arguably been just as responsible for various policy shifts and the more recent rise in political contestation within the Alliance .
Indeed , the ANC is probably more wary of service delivery protests and uprisings in poor communities and accompanying disillusionment with ANC rule ( read : electoral abstentionism ) than with the regular sniping and critiques of the SACP / COSATU .
The unfortunate but predictable result of these choices has been that the politics and practical work of the SACP and COSATU have become , over the last few years in particular , tied directly to what is going on inside the ANC Alliance in direct proportionate relation to intensifying personal and positional power struggles .
This is the logical outcome of such a political approach and it has effectively paralysed the SACP's and COSATU 's ability to organise and mobilise on a genuinely practical , pro-working class and pro-poor political basis , where their programs and critiques are actually put to the test in real struggles happening on the ground and in the arena of democratic contestation for power .
Confirmation of this state of affairs could be seen at the most recent ANC Policy Conference , the SACP 12th Congress and the ANC National Conference at Polokwane ( all in 2007 ) , in the form of the personal and political battle between the “ camps ” of the South African ex-president ( and at the time still ANC president ) Thabo Mbeki and South African ex-deputy president ( and at the time ANC deputy president ) Jacob Zuma .
The preceding mobilisation campaigns and practical work tended to ape this contest ( i.e. , the degree to which it would or would n’t take forward the personal positions and accompanying politics of this or that camp ) .
Revealingly , the person on whose shoulders so much of the fortunes , political energies and organisational decisions of the SACP and COSATU have been placed for the last several years — Jacob Zuma — is not even an active member of the SACP ( and has never been part of COSATU ) and has shown , time and again , that his own political inclinations are defined by what will take his own position and power forward .
Prior to the dominance of the Zuma - Mbeki battle , the SACP 's ( and to a lesser extent COSATU's ) politics and organisational direction were largely defined by what Mbeki represented and was doing in government .
This meant fighting ( or at least spoiling to fight ) the pro-capitalist policies of his government and his political control of the ANC by positioning itself as a counter - Mbeki force within the Alliance and as the real inheritor and prosecutor of the ANC 's “ national democratic revolution ” ( NDR ) legacy .
The alternative — acting as an independent force with both a comprehensive critique of and a programmatic path to overcome capitalist exploitation and oppression as an active mass force of the poor — has never really seen the light of day .
Ironically , it is ex-Democratic Alliance politician and now public liberal intellectual Raenette Taljaard who has captured the essence of what emerged from the ANC Policy Conference , aptly calling it , “ the shade of the variety of capitalism under a ‘ developmental state ’ banner ” . [ 13 ]
The reality is that all the ANC ( and by default , the government it presides over ) continues to do is more fully to recognise that the reality of increasing socioeconomic inequality and political dissatisfaction among the poor represents a real threat both to its longer - term hold on state power and to the organisational continuance of the alliance , which the ANC still finds extremely useful as a foil against the actual possibility of an independent left working class force outside of the alliance .
This recognition has , for the last several years , led to genuflective nods in the direction of greater infrastructural spending ( although most of this has nothing to do with poor and working - class communities , but much more to do with the interests and demands of corporate capital and the seemingly insatiable need of the political and economic elite for grandiose projects and affirmation from global elites that they are now real players on the global scene and can deliver things such as the 2010 World Cup ) ; slight increases in social welfare ; relatively small increment increases in public - sector salaries ; and much more rhetoric about the need to discipline the “ free market ” and listen more attentively to the voices of the poor .
This constitutes an astute politics on the part of the ANC — both in relation to the ANC 's own chosen ideological path ( i.e. , a deracialised capitalism dressed up in the language of the NDR ) as well as in relation to the ongoing personal and patronage conflicts within the ANC and the Alliance .
Thus , can the leaders of the SACP and COSATU make the incredibly suspect claim that the last two ANC conferences were a “ victory for the left ” and that the politics that they have pursued over the last while has actually been the defining factor in this “ shift ” , while simultaneously claiming , for the benefit of the ANC leadership , that such a politics has been “ sober and intelligent ” ?
This is really just another way of saying that there was really no other option i.e. , that it is ludicrous to think about , or worse to actualise , either leaving the Alliance or forging a fighting program of the left separate from the NDR - ANC - Alliance axis and testing its popular and democratic applicability with those they claim to represent .
In the absence of another choice being contemplated , what we continue to witness is the repetition of the same mantra — namely , that the left in the Alliance has to “ manage ” the relationship with the ANC and now , given the supposed shift to the left , even more closely “ manage ” the implementation of the developmental agenda .
Given this kind of politics , the question as to what constitutes the “ left ” is apropos .
The SACP and COSATU have never been able to define and still cannot define what this means because any slight seemingly progressive change in ANC and government policy that has occurred , or might occur , is interpreted as a victory for the left , precisely because to interpret it otherwise would be to undermine the larger claim and position that it is necessary and imperative for the SACP and COSATU to remain in alliance with the ANC ; and also because any deeper and more realistic interpretation would undermine the entire theoretical construct of the NDR upon which the alliance rests , as well as the present political positioning of both the SACP and COSATU .
The same applies to the SACP resolve , at its own 2007 congress , that the state should lead macroeconomic growth instead of the market , without any meaningful discussion of what this concretely means in relation to the ANC 's ideological commitment ( confirmed over and over again ) to a capitalist macro-economy which the ANC - run state has practically led and implemented .
Because the leadership of the SACP and COSATU refuse to cut the long - standing umbilical cord with the ANC , the core of their left critique and struggle centres around contesting the character of the Alliance and ANC governance , not the systemic nature of the inequalities and injustices of the deracialised capitalism of which the ANC has long been a champion .
A classic example of this is their attack on South Africa ’s post -1994 “ accumulation path ” , where the critique centres on the particular character of this accumulation path ( e.g. , enrichment for the few and consolidation of the post - 1996 “ class project ” in the ANC through use of inherited state institutions ) — not the path itself .
In other words , the two main traditional left forces in South Africa refuse to identify capitalism itself — and the capitalists who own and manage the means of production — as the core foundation of South Africa 's accumulative path .
As a result , they have no other option but to propagate the idea that the sidelining of the individuals and selected class forces within the ANC - Alliance that are pursuing this accumulation path will then result in the possibilities of pursing a different path .
In reality then , the core struggles of the SACP and COSATU have , over time , become a battle to cleanse the ANC politically and organisationally of its historic and more contemporary progeny : put another way , to defeat those who want their “ fair share ” of the capitalist system , as was so clearly enunciated by ANC Secretary General Dr Xuma all the way back in 1945 . [ 14 ]
This would mean nothing less than a complete political and ideological revolution within and through the ANC — something that is clearly not going to happen simply because certain SACP and COSATU leaders want it to happen and proclaim its possibility as the fundamental basis for their own organisation 's strategy .
If ever there was a classic case of embedded “ entryism ” then this is it ( apologies to those Trotskyists who might still claim this tactic as wholly their own ) .
Completing the national democratic revolution ?
Through the transition , but even more so during the intra-Alliance battles over the last year , there has been much talk from the SACP and COSATU about completing the tasks of the national democratic revolution .
But what are we to understand by the NDR ?
For SACP General Secretary Blade Nzimande , “ the basic aim of the national democratic revolution is to address poverty , unemployment , disease , restore the dignity of the overwhelming majority of our people through creating a mass driven democratic dispensation , remove all forms of discrimination and build an egalitarian society . ”
Further , “ this means provision of minimum basic necessities , services and human dignity to all South Africans ” . [ 15 ]
This is such a general definition that it can encompass ( and celebrate ) virtually any move to address the inherited inequalities of apartheid capitalism as well as any improvement ( no matter how small or sustainable ) in relation to basic services for the poor majority .
It is because of this generality that Nzimande can then claim that
a key challenge therefore is that we must build an ANC ( and Alliance ) that consciously seek to build and lead a mass movement that is daily engaged with issues and challenges facing the mass of our people … .
This should also be seen as part of the very important challenge of building the capacity of the ANC ( and the Alliance ) to exercise effective oversight on government and all our cadres so deployed ( and to ) defeat factionalism , patronage and corruption within our ranks . [ 16 ]
Not surprisingly , this “ challenge ” fits comfortably with the accepted understanding of the NDR among the traditional left : the NDR demands that those identifying themselves as left have no other option but to follow the strategic path set out by the SACP and COSATU ( as the two main left forces in the country ) and any other strategic challenge is simply counter - productive , or at best , naïve .
But , completing such an imagined revolutionary transformation of the ANC ( just like the same in relation to the NDR and broader societal forces ) is a practical , not to mention a political , impossibility , as long as the SACP and COSATU tie their own programmatic and thus political “ path ” with that of the ANC Alliance .
They have already admitted many times that the ANC is not a socialist organisation .
And yet , the entire strategic thrust is to try to transform the ANC ( through persuasion , use of “ working - class power ” and , most significantly , positions in the Alliance and the state ) from within , so as to then embark on a different accumulation path , using the self - same organisation and historic politics whose entire raison d’être is to deracialise the accumulation path , not to change it fundamentally or to overthrow it .
What all this represents is a crisis of confidence of and in the SACP and COSATU at its most acute : a crisis of confidence in the traditional left 's ability to forge a political and organisational opposition to what it stands against ; a crisis of confidence in the ability and willingness of its claimed constituency to embrace a political alternative to the ANC 's deracialised elitist capitalism and to identify with the class lines and struggles that divide South African society so clearly .
The `new left ' : social movements and community organisations
Not surprisingly , the subjective politico - strategic choices on the part of COSATU and the SACP , alongside SANCO , have done little to stem the effectual tide of increased socioeconomic inequality and poverty . [ 17 ]
Indeed , it was the ongoing impact of such choices vis-à - vis socioeconomic realities that eventually saw the rise of a range of new social movements and community organisations from the late 1990s onwards .
Due to the implementation of the state 's neoliberal policies , massive job losses were visited upon those members of the South African working class who had been fortunate enough to be employed , the experience being accompanied by all the attendant social and economic devastation on already poor families and communities .
To make matters worse , the state also implemented basic needs policies that effectively turned services into market commodities to be bought and sold on the basis of private ownership and the profit motive .
This was facilitated by a drastic decrease in national government grants and subsidies to local municipalities and city councils and support for the development of financial instruments for privatised delivery .
In turn , this forced local government to turn towards commercialisation and privatisation of basic services as a means of generating the revenue no longer provided by the national state . [ 18 ]
The logical result of these developments was a huge escalation in the costs of basic services and a concomitant increase in the use of cost - recovery mechanisms such as water and electricity cut - offs that hit poor people the most .
By the turn of the century , millions of poor South Africans had experienced cut - offs and evictions . [ 19 ]
Similarly , the state ’s capitalist - friendly land policies , which ensured that apartheid land ownership patterns remained virtually intact , meant that South Africa 's long - suffering rural population continued to taste the bitter fruits of labour exploitation and landlessness .
It was the cumulative result of such experiences , combined with the failure of the main traditional forces of the left , as well as civic structures like SANCO , to lead and sustain counter - mobilisations and active class resistance that eventually saw the rise of new social movements and community organisations , at first in the main urban centres and then also in some rural areas . [ 20 ]
From their inception , these “ new ” left forces that have emerged outside of and often in opposition to the traditional left within the Alliance have been largely ignored , treated with thinly disguised contempt and regularly , actively opposed by the SACP and COSATU .
As these social movements and community organisations have been subjected to a consistent state campaign of rhetorical vitriol and physical assaults , the various leaderships of the SACP , COSATU and other ANC civil society allies have often given tacit support to the state 's actions and have conversely failed seriously to politically support and to provide material solidarity to their struggles against the state 's service delivery policies and its suppression of political dissent . [ 21 ]
Even during the numerous public and private sector workers ’ strikes that have taken place over the last several years , there has been little , if any , effort by COSATU and the SACP around linking workers ' struggles for better wages and working conditions with those of poor communities for basic services and freedom of expression .
This rupture within the South African left is unfortunate , but not surprising .
The hostage politics of the Alliance left , now defined more than ever by the embrace of individuals and factions , has virtually institutionalised this rupture precisely because the positioning of the SACP and COSATU demands that they play the role of organisational and ideological gatekeepers of left forces in South Africa .
The practical goal of this is to control the “ anti- ANC ” politics and mobilisations of the new movements , so as to ensure that these social forces do not pose any ongoing or future threat to the dominance of the self - anointed left forces in the ANC and the state .
This is the main reason why the SACP and COSATU find the “ new left ” movements to be a problem , instead of seeing them as allies .
While the traditional left appears to have no problem in throwing all sorts of nasty epithets at certain current and ex-ANC leaders and “ class forces ” ( the shrillness and vitriol of which the supposedly non-Alliance “ ultra left ” has never approached ) , it becomes a problem when the new movements and organisations go straight to the real political reasons behind their anger with the ANC and the policies it implements through the state .
It is precisely because the SACP and COSATU refuse to cut the umbilical ties to the ANC that they must adopt this wholly contradictory position .
It has been such an organisational and ideological gate - keeping role that has ensured that the possibilities of a united left capable of fundamentally contesting the state as well as broader power relations within society as a whole have remained stillborn .
Despite their radical rhetoric , COSATU and the SACP have been at pains to stress that their opposition to state policies and critiques of the ANC itself are “ not challenging the ANC ” and have nothing to do with those of the new movements and their struggles . [ 22 ]
They have also actively sought to prevent their rank - and file structures and members from working with such movements .
As one former leading COSATU figure has politely tried to rationalise it : “ Where we differ with our friends in the social movements is that we prefer to engage [ the state ] . ” [ 23 ]
Dinga Sikwebu , a former leading official in one of COSATU ’s largest unions also states the case :
The leadership and conservative layers [ in COSATU ] have something to preserve in the existing status quo … COSATU gains something from the ANC — status and all the other perks … whilst the ANC guarantees all those things , this relationship between the ANC and the union movements will always be there because they feed into each other … these [ new social ] movements threaten this political relationship . [ 24 ]
Despite the obvious organisational weaknesses and politically incipient nature of the new movements , they broadly represent those who are actively engaged in grassroots struggles in opposition to state policies and for the basic necessities of life and who pursue an independent , mass - based mobilisation as the only meaningful and realistic option for resisting global neoliberalism and planting the seeds for an alternative to existing political party politics .
While these movements do not represent some kind of homogenous entity and while there has been ( and continues to be ) substantive organisational differences and political debates within their ranks , they have become inextricably bound together by the leveling content and common forms of the neoliberal onslaught . [ 25 ]
Strategic impasse
However , the new movements have their own Achilles ’ heel .
Even if differentially experienced , the combined characters and actions of both the traditional and new left in South Africa have produced the effective institutionalisation of a left anti-politics , grounded in an essentially reactive , issue - based and personality - driven strategic framework as the best means to confront capital , “ engage ” the state , mobilise “ the masses ” and transform societal relations under capitalism .
While this kind of politics can and does provide an ongoing vehicle for left activism , it can only go so far .
It is essentially a defensive politics and while degrees of such have been necessary , there is no ideological , political or organisational basis from which to move onto the offensive .
As such , the South African left has been taken with continually fighting rearguard battles .
This has , in turn , seriously obscured seeing and acting upon the possibilities for those implicitly anti-capitalist battles to give birth to more explicitly socialist politics , struggles and organisational forms that have the potential to contest capitalist power on a terrain and on terms that are not reflective of the demands and needs of capitalism itself , as well as to forge a lasting left unity .
The question that the South African left needs to ask honestly is whether or not it still believes in the possibilities of actually overthrowing capitalism .
This is not a rhetorical question or a meaningless ideological litmus test .
There is simply no subjective basis for claims to left or socialist politics and unity if the struggles that take place continue to be directed into a strategic cul - de- sac whereby , once a certain critical political “ mass presence ” has been achieved , the strategic focus becomes beating the capitalists at their own game and on a playing field tailored by and for , them ( e.g. , policy reforms or contesting elections ) .
Just like the national liberation movements of the past , these tactics become , whether this is intentional or not , the strategy and any accompanying organisational form merely reflects the demands of this strategic choice .
On the other hand , the last several decades of left politics , in South Africa and globally , have also shown quite clearly that the strategic sureties of a classical vanguardism have failed , precisely because the presumed class consciousness to which such a politics strives has proven to be historically fundamentally flawed .
For those in need of confirmation , we only have to look at the consistent crisis of socialism , of the working - class movement , that is now almost a century old .
The present crisis of the South African left is much more than simply a question of the recent “ collapse of communism ” .
At its core , it has to do with preconceived and prefigured notions of the “ working class ” itself and a parallel mode of strategic thinking that fetishises a stagiest conceptualisation of an ever - expanding productive base as the prerequisite for any fundamental change in sociopolitical relations beyond capitalism .
In South Africa ( as elsewhere ) attempts merely to reconstruct the historically determined forms of vanguards — whether through accessing state power or through independent class struggle — have led and will continue to lead , straight into political and organisational sectarianism and ideological absolutism .
Indeed , a key part of the present strategic impasse is that there is no ready - made historical form for a socialist politics grounded in a dominant strategic vision and framework such as existed with 19th century Marxism .
` Mass ' versus `vanguard ' party
In South Africa over the last several years , then , most of the left have tended to gravitate either towards an issue - based anti-politics ( often strategically conceptualised as a struggle for “ revolutionary reforms ” ) or to seek refuge in the arms of a classical vanguardist ( and often entryist ) politics .
Despite verbal gymnastics to the contrary , left organisational forms and the resultant politics flowing from them have continued to be predominately conceived as , and cast in terms of , a “ mass ” versus “ vanguard ” framework .
More specifically , the strategic debate emanating from these approaches has tended to revolve around the possible formation of a socialist “ workers ’ party ” ( usually perceived as being borne out of the womb of a COSATU and SACP break from the present ANC - led Alliance ) and to a lesser extent , the efficacy of politically independent grassroots and community struggles entering the realm of electoral politics as a means to contest the capitalist policies of the present South African state .
The problem here is that an unnecessary strategic dichotomy has been erected between anti-capitalist mass struggle and action and the need and necessity for a socialist organisational form to give politically strategic expression to such struggles .
Historically , the South African left has adopted a strategic framework that has assumed the sociopolitical character of those struggles and thus , the “ consciousness ” of those doing the struggling as the basis for a politically predetermined organisational form .
The all too evident result has been a marked failure to capture the political imagination of those most oppressed under capitalism and thus generally to limit consequent struggle to narrowly defined understandings of production and micro-material related socio-political relations .
A way forward ?
We are now in an epoch in South Africa and in many other places , globally , in which the struggles of the broad working class are increasingly and necessarily framed by an anti-capitalist spirit , if not content .
While there continues to be both activist and popular confusion over what exactly is and is not capitalist , it is quite clear that concrete struggles against , for example , privatisation of the public sector and for socialised provision of housing , water , electricity , basic foodstuffs and land are aimed at contesting capitalist relations of ownership and distribution .
Given that there also continues to be much confusion over what constitutes socialism , it is all the more imperative for those who consider themselves socialist , not only to catalyse such struggles through practical involvement and varying forms of political impetus , but to win the idea , politically , that what is desperately needed and indeed demanded is the recognition and expression of such struggles as socialist .
Meeting this challenge provides a potential means for overcoming the strategic divide previously mentioned , forging a practical unity among left forces and moving beyond what has become a somewhat stale and misdirected debate in South Africa around a “ workers ’ party ” .
What is important in this regard is how the left understands the political character and organisational sustainability of the present ANC - COSATU - SACP alliance and thus the best strategic approach to moving left politics and class struggle forward .
It should now be more than clear that the Alliance “ ties that bind ” are progressively weakening , despite what might appear as their strengthening as a result of the last ANC conference in Polokwane .
This is the case precisely because the political basis for the Alliance is itself being undermined by the strategic primacy of the ANC state 's pursuit of a deracialised capitalism ( euphemistically referred to as the ``national democratic revolution ' ' ) .
The very basis , historically , for the maintenance of a sustainable political alliance between unions and ostensibly progressive political parties that have hold of state power is the parallel maintenance of both a politically malleable union leadership and expanding benefits for a meaningful threshold of unionised workers .
On both counts , the situation of such an alliance in the South African context is taking serious strain and there is absolutely no reason to believe that this will be turned around simply because of a leadership change within the ANC or within the state itself .
The ANC and the state it politically controls have already gone about as far as they can — given their strategic and ideological commitment to a deracialised capitalism framed by an overtly neoliberal macroeconomic policy framework — in relation to acceding to the basic demands of COSATU , the SACP and organised labour in general ( e.g. , the Labour Relations Act or the Basic Conditions of Employment Act ) .
In fact , even those gains are now under serious threat of erosion .
What is also happening is that all but the most highly paid unionised workers ' gains are being seriously off - set by the erosive effects of the state 's capitalist - friendly policies on workers ’ and their families ’ basic socioeconomic existence .
This is particularly being felt in relation to the collective impact of privatisation and corporatisation of key state enterprises , public - sector provision of basic socioeconomic services and needs such as water and electricity , and the increasingly negative impacts of rising fuel and food prices .
Nonetheless , trade unionism is engrained , politics is not .
What is therefore called for is a strategy that essentially forces unionised workers to respond politically to intensifying mass struggles from the very grassroots communities that they are also part of .
As long as the struggles which are presently driven by the new left remain in the political shadows , unionised workers will feel little pressure to translate their own dissatisfaction with the political “ delivery ” of the ANC - led alliance into serious consideration of left political and organisational alternatives .
What is needed is the ( re-) politicisation of unionised workers through the parallel socialist politicisation and organisation of those struggles .
Here then is the nexus of a political strategy that can potentially achieve what endless ideological debates , union congress resolutions , limited workers ' strikes and marches , as well as the pre-figured formation of another political entity , can never achieve i.e. , a clear socialist strategy and practical unity in action of broad working - class forces .
What makes absolute strategic sense in relation to COSATU in particular and organised workers generally is for left intellectuals and activists to focus political debate and catalyse practical class struggles at the very point where the political connection of workers to the ANC and the state is at its weakest and most vulnerable .
Unlike the position that has been taken by much of the left outside the Alliance , this should not be understood to simply mean that the key political task is to call for and hasten a COSATU and SACP break from the ANC in order to form a “ workers ’ party ” .
This approach plays right into the hands of the capitalists in the ANC , allowing them to successfully use the organisational appeal of historic loyalties and the political appeal of an unfinished national democratic revolution .
It also mistakes political form for class content grounded in and arising from sustained mass and implicitly anti-capitalist struggles , not simply that of organised ( and predominantly industrial ) workers .
A more meaningful strategic approach does not hinge itself on whether there is a break in the alliance — it rather begins to lay the political and organisational groundwork for a new kind of left politics .
It can do so by strategically linking the ongoing struggles of various layers of urban and rural poor communities with the struggles of organised workers and in so doing exposing the political and strategic sterility of an approach that seeks to transform capitalism and an ANC that has embedded and championed it , within South Africa ’s post - apartheid political economy .
This can be a major step forward to a real and meaningful left unity ( as opposed to the present state of false unity based on spurious claims to a de-classed , common national democratic revolution ) both among and between organised workers and those struggling at the grassroots and community level .
In reference to such a potential unity , the left must also jettison what has been a very narrowly defined understanding of who constitutes a “ worker ” .
Workers are not confined to those who have formal employment ( or , more specifically , who belong to a union ) , but also the millions of those who have worked in the “ formal ” economy ( whether that be as industrial or agricultural workers ) and continue to work in the “ informal ” survival economy ( often erroneously classified as “ unemployed ” , as if recognition of their work depends on “ formal ” measurement ) .
To this must also be added the large numbers of domestic workers — not in the sense simply of those working for predominately white South African households , but all those — mainly women — who are just as much workers ( reproductive labour ) and who are not politically and organisationally treated as such .
The left must also put forward the absolute necessity of a strategic link between the revolutionary potential and power of those combined struggles and the forging of an organisational form that can directly and organically represent the political possibilities of extending ground - level struggles into the popular propagation of socialist demands on a broader , societal level .
The more immediate struggle thus requires engaging in a battle of ideas , not merely through intellectual endeavour but through exposing the inherent weaknesses of present — or reworked — forms of left political organisation ( and this includes trade unionism ) to act as the fulcrum for a renewed and relevant left politics .
In more overt programmatic terms , the basis for such a strategic approach should not be centred primarily around the need to provide electoral opposition , although this must always remain a tactical option .
The point of charting a new left strategy is not simply to oppose the ANC on the electoral terrain that they now occupy in a still dominant but increasingly shaky position .
Rather , it is to stake out that political and organisational terrain that they continue to ignore and take for granted — i.e. , the mass of the broad working class in both urban and rural areas — as the grounding for a new organisational form for a socialist politics that has the potential both to unify practical left struggles and to contest on its own terms existent class power .
For the left in South Africa to move out of its present crisis will require a politically qualitative and organisationally quantitative advancement of the very real struggles of the broad working class , not predominately in the intellectual and organisational capabilities of select individuals or in “ capturing the heart and soul ” of the ANC .
The advance can be extended by taking the idea of and debate around new forms of left political organisation directly into the heat of practical struggles taking place and that are only going to get more intense .
In this way there becomes the possibility that organised workers and those in social movements and community organisations , through their own self - activity , combined with certain degrees of intellectual and activist support , can prepare the ground for what can be a meaningful path to political and ideological independence .
In other words , the objective conditions themselves are umbilically linked to the subjective will ( and capacity ) to sustain and intensify contemporary mass - based , anti-capitalist struggle . [ 26 ]
Any serious left cannot but reject the philosophical , material and class basis for the capitalist political economy being pursued by the ANC - run state .
The main task is not to force the ANC to review what it is that they have fully committed themselves towards , although the struggle for practical reforms that impact positively on the daily lives of the majority must always form part of the tactical arsenal of a meaningful left .
It is then our strategic responsibility to work towards a political alternative that emanates from and is grounded in the ongoing and linked struggles of the mass of organised workers and poor against the impact and consequences of capitalist neoliberalism and those who manage and control the institutional and systemic means for its continuation .
Not to undertake this task is to condemn class struggle and left politics in South Africa to the realm of cyclical mitigation and crisis .
[ Dale McKinley is an independent writer , lecturer and researcher , and an activist within the Anti-Privatisation Forum as well as the Social Movements Indaba .
This article first appearedin Mediations Journal , volume 24 , no.1 .
Itis posted at Links International Journal of Socialist Renewal with the author 's permission . ]
Notes
1 . There are numerous studies and reports conducted over the last several years that confirm this state of affairs .
For example , see South Africa Survey 2006 , compiled by the Institute for a Democratic South Africa and reported in “ Growing inequality in South Africa ” , Independent Online , April 4 , 2006 < http://www.int.iol.co.za/index.php?art_id=qw114416064258B211&set_id=1&click_id=13&sf=>;
Statistics South Africa < http://www.statssa.gov.za>;
Republic of South Africa , Taylor Committee , Transforming the Present – Protecting the Future : Report of the Committee of Inquiry into a Comprehensive System of Social Security for South Africa ( Pretoria : Government Printer , 2002 ) ; South African Cities Network , State of the Cities Report 2004 ( South Africa : South African Cities Network , 2004 ) ; University of South Africa , Projection of Future Economic and Sociopolitical Trends in South Africa up to 2025 : Based on the Views of Business Leaders and Economists ( Pretoria : Bureau of Market Research , 2005 ) ; United Nations Development Programme , South Africa Human Development Report 2003 : The Challenge of Sustainable Development in South Africa : Unlocking the People ’s Creativity ( Cape Town : Oxford U.P. , 2003 ) .
2. See Dale T. McKinley , “ South Africa ’s Third Local Government Elections and the Institutionalisation of ‘ Low - Intensity ’ Neo- Liberal Democracy ” , Outside the Ballot Box : Preconditions for Elections in Southern Africa 2005 / 6 , ed. Jeanette Minnie ( Johannesburg : Media Institute of Southern Africa , 2006 ) 149-63 .
3 . The positive achievements of the new social movements and community organisations should , however , be noted .
Over the last ten years or so these have included : placing mass struggles back onto the political and organisational agenda of the left that has involved a partial reclamation of the history and principles of liberation struggle ; providing critical opposition to both the ideas and practice of the neoliberal policies of the ANC government and contributing to a deepening of the class and ideological divisions with the ANC - led Alliance ; helping to create a renewed social , political and moral consciousness and solidarity around the most basic needs of life , both domestically and internationally .
4 . Throughout the late 1980s and first two years of the 1990s , the ANC had consistently kept to its line that , once in power , it would nationalise key sectors of the economy , would set about a radical redistribution of land and wealth and would ensure that the black working class became the main ``driver '' / controller of a ``people ’s '' state dedicated to popular / participatory democracy .
The ANC 's adoption , in 1994 , of the fairly radical , social - democratic Reconstruction and Development Programme as its electoral platform served to further fuel such expectations .
For a detailed exposition of the fundamentals of the RDP , see National Institute for Economic Policy , “ From RDP to GEAR ” , Research Paper Series ( Johannesburg : NIEP , 1996 ) .
5. Richard Ballard , Adam Habib and Imraan Valodia , “ Social Movements in South Africa : Promoting Crisis or Creating Stability ? ” , in The Development Decade ? : Economic and SocialChange in South Africa 1994 - 2004 , ed. Vishnu Padayachee ( Cape Town , HSRC Press , 2006 ) 397 .
6. See Dale T. McKinley , The ANC and the Liberation Struggle : A Critical Political Biography ( London , Pluto Press , 1997 ) .
7. Ballard , “ Social Movements in South Africa ” 397 .
8. Stephen Greenberg and Nhlanhla Ndlovu , “ Civil Society Relationships ” , Mobilising for Change : New Social Movements in South Africa , Development Update 5.2 ( 2004 ) : 32-33 .
9 . For an overview of the varying contents and consequences flowing from this reality since 1994 , see Dale T. McKinley , “ The Congress of South African Trade Unions and the Tripartite Alliance Since 1994 ” , in Rethinking the Labour Movement in the “ New South Africa ” , ed. Tom Bramble and Franco Barchiesi ( Aldershot : Ashgate Publishers , 2003 ) 43-61 .
10 .
These points are taken mainly from Greenberg and Ndlovu , “ Civil Society Relationships ” 30 - 31 .
11 . Such arguments have been vigorously proffered by successive leaders of both COSATU and the SACP ever since the early 1990s .
While references are far too numerous to list here , most of the key documents and speeches that have been made public over the last ten years or so can be found on the respective websites of the two organisations : Congress of South African Trade Unions < http://www.cosatu.org.za> and South African Communist Party < http://www.sacp.org.za>.
12 . This acceptance has not been without its vocal critics within both COSATU and the SACP .
For a detailed treatment of debate and opposition within the Alliance since 1994 , see Dale T. McKinley , “ Democracy , Power and Patronage : Debate and Opposition within the ANC and Tripartite Alliance since 1994 ” , in Opposition and Democracy in South Africa , ed. Roger Southall ( London : Frank Cass Publishers , 2001 ) 183-206 .
13 . Raenette Taljaard , “ Minor Shift in ANC ’s Thinking ” , The Star , July 2 , 2007 .
The Democratic Alliance ( DA ) is the official political party opposition to the ANC in national parliament ( having the second - largest electoral representation at a national level ) .
The DA was born out of the coming together of the former Democratic Party ( historically representative of the interest of English - speaking white “ liberals ” and white capital ) and remnants of the post - apartheid National Party ( which , prior to 1994 was the all - white ruling party ) .
14 . In 1945 , then ANC President Dr. A.B. Xuma stated : “ … it is of less importance to us whether capitalism is smashed or not .
It is of greater importance to us that while capitalism exists , we must fight and struggle to get our full share and benefit from the system . ”
Quoted in Robert Fine and Denis Davis , Beyond Apartheid : Labour and Liberation in South Africa ( Johannesburg , Ravan Press , 1990 ) 52 .
15 . Blade Nzimande , “ The Policy Year : Reclaiming and Defending the Revolutionary Values and Traditions of Our Movement ” , Umsebenzi Online 6.1 ( January 2007 ) < http://www.sacp.org.za/main.php?include=pubs/umsebenzi/2007/vol6-No.1.html>.
16 . Nzimande , “ The Policy Year . ”
17 .
There are numerous studies and reports conducted over the last several years that confirm this state of affairs .
For example , see those sources cited above in endnote 1 .
18 . See David McDonald , “ The Bell Tolls for Thee : Cost Recovery , Cut Offs and the Affordability of Municipal Services in South Africa : Special Report of the Municipal Services Project ” , Municiple Services Project ( 2000 ) < http://www.queensu.ca/msp/pages/Project_Publications/Reports/bell.htm>.
19 . See David McDonald and Leila Smith , “ Privatising Cape Town ” , Occasional Papers Series 7 ( Johannesburg : Municipal Services Project , 2002 ) , and Edward Cottle , “ The Failure of Sanitation and Water Delivery and the Cholera Outbreak ” , Development Update 4.1 ( 2003 ) : 141-66 .
20 .
Some of the main movements and organisations borne out of this period include :
The Concerned Citizens Forum in Durban ( which no longer exists but which spawned numerous community organisations that remain alive and active ) ; the Anti-Privatisation Forum in Johannesburg ( which continues to expand and now has nearly 30 affiliate community organisations ) ; the Landless People 's Movement ( a national movement which went through a divisive split with its original NGO partner — the National Land Committee — and has since weakened but remains active in some rural and peri-urban areas ) ; Jubilee South Africa ( a national movement centred around debt , reparations and social justice issues , but which also experienced a split in its ranks in 2005 / 2006 which has since resulted in the existence of both Jubilee South Africa and a new formation — Umzabalazo we Jubilee ) ; the Anti-Eviction Campaign based in Cape Town ; and Abalahli base Mjondolo ( a movement of shack dwellers mainly in and around Durban which has begun to link up to other shack - dweller organisations in other parts of the country ) .
21 . The most public expressions of the ANC 's evident contempt for the new movements and their struggles was an ANC statement in 2002 , that accused them of being an “ ultra left … waging a counter - revolutionary struggle against the ANC and our democratic government ” , and of siding with the “ bourgeoisie and its supporters . ”
[ See ANC , Political Education Unit , “ Contribution to the NEC / NWC Response to the Cronin Interviews on the Issue of Neo-liberalism ” , internal ANC paper , ( Sept. 2002 ) ] .
President Mbeki waded in soon thereafter by claiming publicly that “ this ultra - left works to implant itself within our ranks … it hopes to capture control of our movement and transform it into an instrument for the realisation of its objectives . ”
[ See Thabo Mbeki , “ Statement of the President of the ANC , Thabo Mbeki , at the ANC Policy Conference ” , Kempton Park , 20 Sept. 2002 , African National Congress Homepage < http://www.anc.org.za/show.php?doc=ancdocs/speeches/2002/sp0927.html&type=Speech>.
Since the World Summit on Sutainable Development ( WSSD ) in 2002 , hundreds of community activists have been arrested , jailed and several tortured .
See Simon Kimani , ed. , The Right to Dissent ( Johannesburg : The Freedom of Expression Institute , 2003 ) .
22 . COSATU , “ Response to Sunday Independent Article ” , media statement , 7 August 2005 , Communist University < http://amadlandawonye.wikispaces.com/COSATU+response+to+Sunday+Independent+article>.
23 . Quoted in Ballard , “ Social Movements in South Africa ” 249 .
24 . Quoted in Tom Bramble and Franco Barchiesi , “ Pressing Challenges Facing the South African Labour Movement : An Interview with John Appolis and Dinga Sikwebu ” , Rethinking the Labour Movement in the “ New South Africa ” , ed. Tom Bramble and Franco Barchiesi ( Aldershot : Ashgate Publishers , 2003 ) 224 .
25 .
For a more detailed exposition of this argument see John Apollis , “ The Political Significance of August 31st ” , Khanya Journal 2 ( Dec. 2002 ) : 5 - 9 .
26 .
These and other arguments are contained in a paper I presented to the 2008 COSATU National Political Education School entitled , “ Towards a Socialist Strategy and Left Unity in South Africa . ”
Ehud Barak arrives in Washington bearing a new Israeli proposal to bridge the differences over a settlement freeze that have arisen between the Obama and Netanyahu governments .
It involves a three to six month cessation of all new construction , excluding East Jerusalem .
Construction currently underway , which Israel claims amounts to 2,000 units , would be grandfathered into the agreement .
I call it either " freeze - lite " or " freeze fraud " depending on my level of outrage at the moment .
In return for this alleged compromise , Israel demands the Arab states offer Israeli planes the right to traverse Arab airspace , and Israelis travellers the right to transit Arab airports .
The plan also would include academic and tourist exchanges .
When you review the diplomatic record and public statements of US officials on subjects covered by the Israeli proposal , you realise that Israel is doing little more than playing games .
The following is an exchange between Ian Kelly , a US state department spokesperson , and a journalist at a recent press conference :
Question :
When you 're talking about no natural growth in settlements … does that include any Jerusalem neighbourhoods that are over the green line ?
Ian Kelly :
That – we call for a cease to all settlement activity .
Question : Including Jerusalem … Kelly :
We 're talking about all settlement activity , yeah , in the area across the line .
On the issue of settlement housing currently under construction , which Israel excludes from its compromise plan , the US position is equally clear :
Question : On Israel , I think there were reports that Israel has authorised … building of an additional 240 settlements in the West Bank .
Looking for comment on that .
I think the number was 300 .
Kelly : I 'll reiterate … what I always say and what others say :
We oppose continued settlement activity .
All parties have the responsibility to help create the context that will support renewed , meaningful negotiations that can be concluded quickly .
The bottom line is that we expect all parties to honour their commitments .
Something 's not getting through to the Israelis .
Paul Woodward at War in Context thinks what 's required is for Barack Obama to locate his inner-Tony Soprano .
Maybe light up a cigar in the Oval Office , pretend he 's packing a .357 Magnum is his waistband .
He 'll call in his Christopher Moltisanti – that would be Rahm Emanuel – and get tough on the Israelis .
Some tough talk and lots of expletives would ensue ( that would be Rahm talking , not Barack ) .
Bibi would be made to understand what he has to do .
And if he refused , he would be made to understand the political pain and diplomatic isolation he would endure .
I like the fact that George Mitchell , according to Yediot Achronot , cancelled his last scheduled meeting with Bibi in Paris .
When Barak meets Mitchell on Tuesday there should be no photo ops , no pleasantries , no diplomatic niceties .
The atmosphere should be as polite as necessary , but no more so .
The defence minister should be told in no uncertain terms that his plan is a non-starter and that he 's insulting the US by even bringing it .
Israel knows what 's required .
Let them do it .
And if they can't do it , then they should be made to suffer the political consequences of a frozen US - Israel relationship .
Someone should remind Ehud and Bibi that the Pew Center shows that 62 % of Americans approve of Obama 's tough love policy toward Israel .
So if Bibi thinks he 's going to pull a rabbit out of his yarmulke by splitting the White House and Congress , as he 's done in the past in similar situations , it just ai n't gonna happen .
This is a popular American president who just brought Democratic majorities to both houses of Congress for the first time in decades .
Congress is n't prepared to give Obama the kind of grief Bibi would like .
Aipac is n't going to come riding to the rescue as it has in the past .
A J Street polls shows that even a majority of American Jews would be willing to support US pressure on Israel if that was what was required for peace .
No doubt , there are many loyal supporters of Israel for whom such a prospect is deeply troubling .
They 're used to a US - Israel partnership based ( supposedly ) on trust and good faith .
The idea that a US president should or even could exert such pressure on Israel provokes anxiety and even anger among some American Jews .
Those of us in the American Jewish peace camp do n't come to this position happily .
Very few enjoy the prospect of an Israeli prime minister brought to his knees .
But the truth is that Bibi and Israel have only themselves to blame .
Obama knows the history of the Israeli - Arab conflict .
He knows of the 42 years of occupation , the endless wars , the billions in armaments from the US arsenal , the tacit acceptance of settlement building by previous presidents .
He also knows that Israel has had numerous opportunities to break out of this cycle , and it has refused every one ( even if Israel 's enemies have lost similar opportunities themselves ) .
Like me , Obama has reluctantly come to the conclusion that the only thing that can bring Israel to its senses is some head - banging .
So as Israel 's Mr Smith makes his way to Washington , I hope George Mitchell and the president find their inner-Tony Sopranos and say to themselves : " Bring it on , Ehud . "
The AP Will Sell You a “ License ” to Words It Does n’t Own
August 3 , 2009 at 1:28 AM
26 Comments
The Associated Press has become so deranged , so disconnected from reality , that it will sell you a “ license ” to quote words it did n’t write and does n’t own .
Here , check it out :
I paid $ 12 for this “ license . ”
Those words do n’t even come from the article they charged me 46 cents a word to quote from ( and that ’s with the educational discount ) .
No , they ’re from Thomas Jefferson ’s letter to Isaac McPherson , in which Jefferson argues that copyright has no basis in natural law .
Does that stop the AP ?
No .
They tell me I have to use the sentence “ exactly as written ” and heaven help me if I do n’t include the complete footer with their copyright boilerplate .
Along the way , their terms of use insisted that I ’m not allowed to use Jefferson ’s words in connection with “ political Content . ”
Also , I ca n’t use use his words in any manner or context that will be in any way derogatory ” to the AP .
As if .
Jefferson ’s thoughts on copyright are inherently political , and inherently derogatory towards the the AP ’s insane position on copyright .
I require no license to quote Jefferson .
The AP has no right to stop me , no right to demand money from me .
All their application does is count words to calculate a fee .
It does n’t even check that the words come from the story being “ quoted . ”
Is it any wonder the AP also tries to deceive bloggers into thinking it ’s not fair use to quote five words ?
Their abuse of the public domain is just the reductio ad absurdum of their abuse of fair use .
The whole thing is a vile species of copyfraud .
Update : License revoked .
Update :
The AP has released a statement ; I respond here .
I washed my dog and hartz oatmeal shampoo and he began having seizures and passed away the next morning .
I had no clue that this shampoo is what could have made him pass away .
I called my vet after reading about hartz shampoo and he says it very well could be what have caused the death of my beloved dog : -(
We will no longer be using hartz products at all and I will make sure to tell everybody I can the same .
It seems absolutely assured that there is no American problem or catastrophe that will not be dealt with by our government by lavish , staggering public giveaways to the very corporations most directly responsible for the problem .
We are currently mired in a Great Recession , to use the term that seems most commonplace at the moment ; the result of which has been trillions of dollars in giveaways and subsidies to the banking and insurance giants whose foolish , outright stupid acts caused the very collapse we are saving them and us from .
They are Too Big To Fail , and you and I are not , and so you and I can suck eggs , from our elected leaders point of view .
There is apparently no war too costly for us to fund indefinitely ; there is no apparently stimulus package that can exist unless it funnels money only to the top of the economic chain , and not the bottom .
We talk glowingly about putting Social Security in the hands of Wall Street tycoons , a new and immense treasure chest for them to play with , to collect fees on , and to gamble with at will .
We provide lavish tax breaks to extraction companies , to oil companies that make record amounts of cash .
America 's auto industry has mismanaged themselves for decades , fighting every government request ; we will come to their aid now , yet again , because they are also Too Big To Fail .
So it should have been transparently obvious from the outset that the only response our glorious and wizened Senate could come up with , when facing a failed healthcare system that has been steadily bankrupting the country , its businesses and its citizens for decades , would be to invent a solution in which the companies most responsible for the problem would be given cash hand over fist .
And indeed , that seems to be the " solution " that is closer to fruition than any of the others .
The premise in this case is a mandate in which every American shall be forced to buy private insurance .
Apparently that is uncontroversial , to our leaders , but the notion of providing a government - backed plan for those who do not want their health and welfare tied to the same companies that have been screwing them over for decades , now that is a bridge too far .
Let me be clear .
To me , such a plan represents the very pinnacle of corruption , of corporate toadyism , and of the complete dissolution of effective government into merely being a legal framework for corporations to most efficiently extract wealth from the nation .
And the day such a plan passes , I will no longer be a Democrat .
Max Baucus is a crook .
There , I said it outright .
Ben Nelson ?
A crook .
Grassley , Boehner , McConnell , Hoyer and the others ?
Crooks .
Not " conservative " , not " fiscal watchdogs " , not " representing their own peculiar constituents " , none of that hogwash and drivel that churns up our airwaves on a daily basis .
They join the long line of leaders that rake in more cash from health insurers , pharmaceutical companies and the like than you or I are likely to see in our lifetimes , and in exchange for that they are the unquestioned _kingmakers_ of reform , and all the nation must bow down to them and to those that have paid them more cash than any of their own constituents have been able to shell out .
With regularity , every industry under the American spotlight will turn to " friendly " senators and representatives , where friendly means nothing more than plied with cash , and in them they will find regulatory salvation for a relative pittance .
It does not represent corruption under our system of government simply because we have carefully designed our government to freely allow it .
Corporations are people , after all , and people have freedom of speech , and dollars represent speech , and therefore the person with the most dollars is entitled to the most representation .
That , then , is the American way .
Anything else you may have learned in school is a farce meant for children .
The current premise is that a public option -- that is , the government providing the same sort of insurance program as Medicare , but for all their citizens and not just the elderly -- is very nearly a nonstarter , because we Americans are apparently supposed to believe that our government providing insurance to a seventy year old is a noble service , but providing that same service to a fifty year old is socialism , and providing that same service to a twenty year old or a ten year old is something that only a goddamned Hitler would do .
We can have public fire departments , public police departments , federal disaster relief , flood insurance and whatnot , but keeping you alive and out of bankruptcy if you get sick is an abomination .
Never mind that we are alone among the most advanced countries in this regard ; never mind that our current system is both among the most expensive and least effective .
We are supposed to believe chaos will ensue if we follow the same path as other nations , because the industry that has the most profit to lose if a " public option " is available has sent phalanxes of lobbyists out to assert that everything is , in fact , Just Goddamned Fine , and a hellscape elsewhere .
Because the lobbyists say it , the legislators say it .
Because the legislators say it , the partisan press says it .
Does n't matter that it 's not true .
Does n't matter that there are no death panels , that there are no death booklets , that Stephen Hawking is not , in fact , dead from being British .
We have yet to punish any politician or any news organization for baldly lying to us , so long as it is a lie that satisfies us to hear .
Fine ; let us presume that we are too corrupt , as a nation , to consider promotion of the health and welfare of our citizens as being equal in importance to the health and welfare of , say , Goldman Sachs .
Still , then , at the very least we ought to be able to come up with some solution that does not make the problem explicitly worse than it was when we first tackled it , some solution that does not take a solvable problem and turn it into nothing more than an excuse to funnel yet more money into the hands of corporations already sucking the well - being of their own nation dry .
We should be able to , but given the basic structure of our Senate , which cannot pass any legislation that harms a corporate interest in any substantive way , so long as that interest has made the appropriate donations to the appropriate legislators , it seems evident that even that small request might be too much .
The so - called " private mandate " made sense in the context of a truly national solution : like Social Security , all Americans would pay into it , or opt out in favor of their own private insurance , and all Americans would in turn receive benefit from it , or from their own private insurance .
It provides universal coverage .
It does not rely on each American making a Vegas wager on whether or not they will be injured given a during year , and being reduced to destitution or death if they make the wrong guess .
But absent a public solution , and absent meaningful reform of the existing private system , it is nonsensical .
It is worse than nonsensical , because it mandates a marketplace for a product that will not substantively assist people in actual need of healthcare .
Each company will price an insurance option to be whatever the subsidy turns out to be ; that insurance will be provided to be as shoddy as possible , with massive deductibles , gigantic loopholes , and all the other tricks of the insurance trade rolled into whatever bottom - rung " package " is deemed the minimal necessary .
If someone were to actually get sick , an insurance policy with a $ 20,000 , or $ 50,000 , or $ 100,000 deductable -- so - called " junk " insurance , of the sort that is becoming more and more prevelant as insurance companies price their other products steadily out of reach of more and more consumers -- will not prevent bankruptcy .
It will not provide preventative care , of the sort that would stop illnesses before they became catastrophic .
It would do nothing to curtail costs .
It would do nothing to fix our broken emergency rooms .
It would act only as massive , all - encompassing national subsidy to the very insurance companies who have made healthcare so unaffordable in the first place .
It would be exactly the same as placing Social Security in the hands of the private sector , bidding them farewell , and letting the retirement accounts of the entire nation be funneled into the same barely - regulated , never - accountable companies that have sent the economies of the entire world into a tailspin .
Enough is enough -- that is all I can think of to say .
I know full well the underlying premise : the notion is that the insurance companies will , in exchange for having every single American in the country as captive consumers of their products , give up their policy of denying coverage to people who are actually sick .
They will begrudgingly trade away their ability to deny " preexisting conditions " , which at this point consist of every illness , proto - illness or maybe - illness you have ever had in your entire life , and will be more hesitant to retroactively revoke every cent of your coverage ( but not refund your money ) if you have the audacity to start costing them serious money .
But a trade of mandated purchase of a for - profit , private product in exchange for a meager promise to not abuse customers is -- let 's all say it together , for good measure -- goddamned asinine .
The government of the United States should not have to bargain to get an abusive industry to be slightly less abusive .
What a fucking insulting thought .
Especially when ( 1 ) the industry in question has a historical pattern of rampant customer abuse , and ( 2 ) when our Noble and Brilliant Goddamn Legislators have no recent history of being able to enforce corporate competence or fairness on any industry , at any point in the last several decades .
The notion that suddenly , in exchange for a windfall of a trillion dollars or so , one of the most hated , manipulative , dishonest industries in America will suddenly become worthy of nationally mandated fealty is so preposterous that it could only be dreamed up by someone as crooked as a politician .
So count me against , without reservation , the Worst Possible Goddamn Outcome Yet Devised .
I have to believe that a mandate for all Americans to buy private , for profit health insurance , absent a public option , absent serious regulation , is not going to happen .
Yes , it looks like there are members of the Senate willing to go for it , but I have to believe that more sensible heads would gut such a moronic plan , such an obvious and transparent corporate giveaway on such a massive scale , as being a ridiculous and humiliating premise even by recent piss - poor standards .
But I am probably wrong , because underestimating the willful cronyism , the absolute craven crookedness in favor of corporate giveaways by both Republicans and Democrats alike is at this point little more than a parlor game : no matter how cynical you may be , you can bet that the reality is worse .
You can bet that the outcome will be worse than you thought , that the regulation will be pathetic than you could have imagined , that the oversight after the fact will be totally non-existent .
It is not even about the so - called " public option " , at this point .
It is not , narrowly , even about the so - called " private mandate " itself .
It is about how the Senate can take absolutely any national crisis and turn it into a corporate giveaway .
None of these people deserve to be trusted any farther than they can jump to snatch a dollar from your hand ; the whole institution seems bent on proving itself irrelevant at best , and devoutly crooked at worst .
So yes , I am spitting mad that such asinine proposals are even being considered .
The Senate has totally lost any pretense of being able to effectively govern , and there seems little left to do about it short of running every last one of them out of town on a rail .
The notion of forcing every American , by law , to purchase a crappy , barely - regulated , for - profit product that wo n't actually do them anything but a bare trickle of goddamn good if they do get sick is proof enough that the jury is unabashedly rigged , and the notion of repairing our American healthcare system because it is the right thing to do is a distant and despised thought .
I do not know what the outcome of this legislative dance will be , but all the players have made their intents absolutely clear .
If once again , the only outcome acceptable to our senate , our representatives or our president is , yet again , after all this , after every other fight , yet another corporate giveaway piled high on the backs of every last American , I will not support even one of the goddamn politicians that vote for such a thing .
We have been more than patient ; we have been more than accommodating .
But no more .
Our parties are kept properties of those that finance them ; our politicians are so intent on not biting the hands of the most powerful one percent that the needs of the other ninety - nine percent are continually reduced to begrudging afterthought .
The Republican Party has joyfully reduced themselves to a band of bigots , of know - nothings and nihilists , who to a person would rather peddle the most absurd , fear - mongering lies than engage in actual governance of the sort they were elected to -- they stand for nothing , at this point , and can hardly be called a political movement at all .
The Democratic Party continues to be at war with itself , trying to toe the line between being bought and remaining in power , knowing that there is only so many corporate fanfares that can be blared out from Capitol Hill before the public comes to the conclusion that they , too , represent no one but themselves .
Yes , it is a harsh pronouncement , but there are only so many years that a nation can be patient , and only so many crises that can be resolved by funneling cash to America 's corporate behemoths .
We are either a nation or we are a subsidiary .
So I am done .
It is this fight , or nothing .
We have been asked to put up with war crimes , because " moving forward " is the more conciliatory path .
We have been asked to stomach the politicization of the highest offices in our system of justice , because investigating it would be divisive .
Time and time again we have asked for nothing more than our government to enforce its own goddamned laws , or to take action against the worst and most corrupt abusers of its citizens , whether done by government or by balance sheet , and we have gotten between nothing and jack - squat in return .
We have gotten worse than nothing : we have gotten corporate immunity for lawbreakers , we have gotten tacit approval of the methods of murdering thugs , we have set in stone the notion that there is absolutely no corporate fuckup so damaging to the economy of the entire nation that it would result in substantive regulatory restraints .
No more .
This fight is the last and final test ; whether or not our leaders are so corrupt as to be irredeemable should be easily gleanable by whether or not they are able to bring themselves to even try on this , the one fight that every last one of them has supposedly been saving their strength for .
It is this or nothing , and I will be damn proud , at the end of it , to abandon those who have so completely abandoned us .
Also , She Needs Her Clothes Back Now
In 2002 , privacy activist John Gilmore gained national press attention when he attempted to fly to Washington , DC without showing identification in the airport .
It did n't go well .
He was prevented from boarding his aircraft , denied passage to our nation 's capital , and ultimately prevented from having a meeting with one of his Congressional representatives .
Thus , in one instance , this successful businessman and noted critic of bureaucratic interference was denied the full extent of protections afforded to him under the 1st and 4th Amendments to our Constitution .
In 2007 , I began attempting to fly to various destinations while in possession of firearms .
I have faired rather better than Mr. Gilmore in terms of my encounters with government functionaries and am pleased to say that while many of our freedoms have suffered unconscionable assaults in recent history , the right to keep and bear arms has proven rather resilient … even when exercised in an environment that most people incorrectly consider to be the pinnacle of a " gun free " zone .
The plain fact is , in the United States of America we have the right not only to possess firearms but also the right to travel with them to any destination we see fit .
The Firearm Owner 's Protection Act of 1986 contains the Safe Passage provision , which explicitly elucidates that citizens have the right to journey state to state with firearms as long as they are locked and unloaded .
This freedom of travel is unquestionable … even in instances where a party may cross borders and pass through jurisdictions with varied rules and regulations .
As many of us who live along or near the Eastern seaboard know , we can drive through a state like New York with firearms even if they are not legal in the state of New York … the jumble of incongruous and sometimes draconian local laws is not a concern for the people who are merely passing by .
Essential Guide to Han ... Bruce N. Eimer Best Price : $ 2.06 Buy New $ 19.95 ( as of 09:45 EST - Details )
Air travel is accorded the same treatment under Federal Law , with the national carriers being treated more or less like interstate highways .
No matter where the on-ramps and off - ramps are located , as long as gun owners have their steel locked and unloaded , nothing is off - limits .
There are some tips and pointers , however , of which one should be aware in order to make the process and painless and straightforward as possible .
Federal Standards
The Federal Government , primarily in the form of the Transportation Security Administration , sets forth a series of guidelines and policies concerning how passengers my fly with firearms .
For the most part , these standards are rather loose .
The government leaves it up to the airlines to specify any additional considerations that they see fit .
That can sometimes be an issue ( that is a topic which we will cover shortly ) and while I 'm never a champion of government interference with private entities , I would n't be averse to one single " armed passenger 's rights " standard imposed across all airlines .
As common carriers , they are subject to some regulation .
Keeping all parties in line with the bare minimum of rules as specified by the TSA would be a fine thing , in this author 's opinion .
According to federal policy , passengers may travel with firearms as long as they are unloaded and packed in a fully hard - sided case that is locked and cannot be accessed by anyone except the passenger who is checking said bag .
Federal law also allows for eleven pounds of ammunition .
The TSA policies do not say much about how your ordinance is to be packed , save for a prohibition of any " exposure " of the rounds .
Ammunition is a key sticking point with many of the airlines , however , and we will cover this shortly .
What to Expect at the Airport
The actual procedure is surprisingly painless and uncomplicated , at least on paper .
Passengers whose luggage contains firearms show up at the airport like any other traveler .
They proceed to the check - in counter for their airline and have their bags weighed and processed in the routine manner .
However , the luggage is not immediately taken back to the bowels of the airport .
During check - in , you inform the airline that you are traveling with firearms .
This should , naturally , be done sometime at the onset of the affair … before someone signals a bag - thrower to toss your luggage on a conveyor belt to be whisked away .
When you alert your check - in agent that you are traveling with firearms there is a bit of paperwork to handle .
A " declaration form " ( typically , just an index card with a carbon copy sheet affixed to the back side ) is filled out with minor details , such as the date and flight number .
The passenger signs this form and it is placed inside of the luggage bearing firearms .
The legal text on this paper simply indicates that you have alerted the airline to the presence of firearms and assure that they are unloaded .
Pro-tech ’s Delux ...
Best Price : null Buy New $ 39.95 ( as of 12:40 EST - Details )
Please note , while some of these declaration forms have the appearance of a baggage tag ( occasionally they even bear loops of string ) they are NOT to be affixed to the outside of one 's luggage EVER .
This is a violation of Federal Law , not to mention a terribly stupid invitation for theft or baggage tampering .
These forms belong INSIDE your luggage … preferably on the very top where TSA officers or others would immediately see them , indicating the presence of a firearm , no matter how deeply it may be packed amid folded shirts and sundry supplies .
On occasion , you will be asked to demonstrate your firearm 's safe status .
I have more than once had the pleasure of dropping magazines , racking slides , or breaking open the action on a piece of steel in front of many other passengers .
The pleasure I derive from this is not visceral , and has little to do with bringing about a small , horrified look of shock on any hoplophobes nearby ( something that hardly ever happens , I 'm pleased to say ) but comes from a deeper sense of citizenship and civic duty that I shall discuss later .
Where the process diverts somewhat from routine practice is the next step .
While most travelers would bid farewell to their bags at this point , you instead proceed to a TSA screening area .
These are typically nearby … you may have seen them as you stroll through airport check - in halls .
Often these roped - off areas are seen processing " special " baggage like oversized sports equipment , pet carriers , and the like .
However , while those bags typically sit idle until a TSA officer is prepared to act on them , your luggage will receive immediate treatment .
Because of the fact that firearm - bearing bags may not travel through the airport system unlocked , you stand by while the TSA performs some cursory tests on your luggage .
In my experience , they typically just run things through a Rapiscan x-ray machine or perform an explosive residue swab test and if nothing alerts you 're on your way .
If there is a need for additional inspection , you are asked to unlock the luggage and stand by while a brief hand - scan takes place .
I should note that in my experience , the TSA officers are much more respectful of someone 's belongings when that passenger is standing right next to them , observing their actions .
When everything is all clear , you are asked to ensure that your luggage is locked properly and it is sent on its way through the airport and ultimately to your final destination .
No matter how many layovers , plane changes , and other interruptions your journey involves … the bags remain locked and no one is allowed to open them until they make their way to your hands at the final baggage claim .
This is because of the fact that " TSA compliant " locks are not to be used .
Proper , heavy - duty padlocks are what one should employ in this situation .
Naturally , I have some models that I 'm happy to recommend .
It is important to understand just how vulnerable your typical " hardware store " padlocks are and how unsuited they are for this task .
Picking attacks , bump keying , shimming , and other methods of entry are easy to do and , contrary to your typical street criminal attempting home invasion , the people stealing from luggage are skilled enough to attempt some of these tactics .
Beyond this , the " TSA compliant " locks are all master - keyed .
In addition to being very weak and susceptible to most common picking attacks , the master keys for these locks are poorly controlled and copies exist in great number .
I would never trust my firearms with anything other than a " high security " padlock obtained from a locksmith or online dealer .
Personally , I always secure my belongings with Abloy Protec locks .
This style of rotating - disk mechanism is not only the closest I come to using the word " unpickable " but they are of significantly robust construction and operate smoothly under the most punishing conditions .
While heavy - duty models are available ( and I sometimes will use these on certain baggage ) the Abloy 321 padlock , commonly known as their " executive " model offers the same level of pick protection in a small , economic package .
The splendid web site securitysnobs.com offers them for a mere $ 25 each .
Full disclosure — while I have no direct professional affiliation with Mitch , the individual who runs this business , he is a friend and we have an established relationship of past commerce .
He imports many of his items from Dutch locksmiths , some of whom are also acquainted with me through the physical security consulting world .
I am happy to see Mitch gain exposure and business , but I receive no financial reward from your patronage of his site or my mention of it in this piece .
If you can find better prices elsewhere , please feel free to seek them .
Heh , but I 'll tell you right now … you can't .
The Gun Digest Book of ...
Massad F. Ayoob Best Price : $ 2.13 Buy New $ 18.95 ( as of 11:20 EST - Details )
An interesting fact of which many people are not aware pertains to what constitutes a " firearm " that must be declared to the airlines and locked .
It is not just lethal guns used for self - defense that fall under the purview of these regulations .
Any device which expels a projectile by means of a combustible propellant is a " firearm " in the eyes of the Fed .
As you may know , attempting to rob a bank with a flare gun or recklessly discharging blanks from a starter pistol in public can get you slapped with a gun charge just as if you were brandishing a lethal weapon .
The same holds true for air travel … flare guns , blank guns , and even various related items are all considered to be " firearms " under the law .
All such hardware is to be declared and locked properly .
While I have not personally flown with bare , stripped receivers or NFA - tracked items like suppressors , other individuals have .
It might not be understood by airline staff initially , but these items require the same treatment .
As many persons who shop on gunbroker.com are aware , anything that requires an FFL to transfer between states is a " firearm " subject to all relevant policies .
While historical arms buffs may be aware that black power items manufactured before the turn of the century are not legally " firearms " I would not expect airport staff or TSA officers to understand this distinction .
If flying with a Springfield Model 1842 or a Brown Bess , for the sake of easy travel and to protect such fine pieces of history , follow these procedures , declare them as firearms , and lock your luggage fully .
Some of you may have realized from the above text , that it is quite possible to leverage these " nonstandard " firearms as a means to allow locking of your luggage even if your ultimate destination is in a region of the country unfriendly towards firearms .
Flare guns are legal in all fifty states with no paperwork and even high - quality models are available as cheaply as $ 50 .
Google for the German Geco Flare pistol to find listings from Sportsman 's Guide and similar outfits .
Problems That Sometimes Arise
Peltor Sport Shotgunne ... Check Amazon for Pricing .
I wish I could say that this is how things work one hundred percent of the time , and that it has been nothing but smooth sailing through calm seas when people have flown with firearms .
Sadly , there are a number of hiccups that can arise .
For the most part , however , they are easy to handle .
Uninformed Staff
Airline staff ( and to a much lesser degree , TSA staffers ) are sometimes unfamiliar with the rules surrounding transportation of firearms .
The most common difficulties concern attempts to mark the outside of luggage ( either by affixing the declaration tag or by writing on one 's computer - printed luggage tag ) or restrictions on how locks should be applied to luggage .
Such matters can be corrected by standing one 's ground and politely requesting a supervisor .
Having a copy of the pertinent rules and showing them often helps .
I have made a two - sided sheet summarizing these rules available on my web site .
Some travelers I know find it comforting to keep a copy ( sometimes laminated ) with them when flying .
It is almost self - evident where such uninformed staff are likely to be encountered .
Rural parts of the country have a rich firearms heritage .
Small airports in these regions are almost never a problem .
Employees in major urban centers where gun laws are strict and individuals servicing flights to foreign destinations with repressive laws are less likely to have encountered armed citizens in the past .
Airline Policies
Here is a matter of significant concern for me and a cause of many needless headaches for countless armed travelers .
A number of carriers impose regulations and restrictions that go well beyond the Federal standard , and violation of their rules can lead to large financial penalties or denial of baggage outright .
Most often , issues surrounding the number of firearms being transported or the inclusion of ammunition are what cause difficulty .
As a helpful guide to sorting the dizzying array of red tape , I have prepared a write - up on my web site that shows each specific way that all airlines deviate from the basic TSA standard .
How their policies can affect you is outlined , and ( to simplify matters further ) a basic " letter grade " is assigned to each carrier as a reflection of how their rules are written and how they treat the firearm issues in public statements .
The carriers with sensible and accommodating policies include US Airways , SouthWest , and Continental 's stateside service .
Among the worst airlines are AirTran and especially Jet Blue and NorthWest Airlines .
The extent of these last two carriers ' dislike of firearms is hard to imagine .
You can read full accounts of their public statements and an analysis of their awful policies in the " Airline Report Cards " section of my web site .
Distant Screening Areas
In most airports , the " secondary screening area " ( where TSA officers will give your luggage a once - over before you leave it in their care ) is relatively close to your check - in desk .
To the end of a row of counters or sometimes across the arrival hall just behind where you are standing is typically the farthest you have to walk .
If you 've shelled out three dollars for a Smart Carte or employed a skycap for assistance , it 's best to keep them around just in case a longer journey is necessary .
On occasion ( particularly in the international wing of airports ) there simply is no secondary area .
Bags are taken ( locked ) right at check - in , and you will be paged if something alerts and you need to open things up .
( This can lead to awkward requests by TSA officers asking you to surrender your key or combination to them so they can take it to a secure area where your bag is waiting .
This is NOT legal .
Do not part with your key , as it should remain in your possession at all times .
Escalate matters to a supervisor if necessary . )
Methods of Locking Bags
Here is where the greatest confusion presents itself concerning flying with firearms .
Depending on who you talk to , what web sites you consult , and how a particular individual has been trained one can encounter a litany of advice .
The following is the best that I can offer given both my research as well as my experience .
If you are traveling with handguns , there is nothing particularly wrong with using a small gun case .
PLEASE NOTE , however , that while it may be legal to place a small , locked gun case into a larger , unlocked luggage item … this is NOT recommended .
Every instance of theft of a firearm from baggage of which I am aware has taken place in specifically this type of scenario .
Even if you have a small pistol case , I beseech you to place it in a large hard - sided case and place your lock on that case .
I should mention … even if your smaller pistol case is able to be locked , do not secure it .
It is not unheard of for airport staff or TSA officers to tell travelers that a locked inner case precludes the need to lock one 's outer case .
I go a step farther and make certain that my locks cannot even fit on my inner pistol cases .
Never give a bureaucrat an opportunity to request that you leave your outer bag unlocked .
( That means no soft - sided luggage … not even partial hard - sided bags are acceptable . )
Local Law Enforcement
On very rare occasions , police officers at airports ( particularly highly specialized units like port authority police or airport - specific departments ) are unfamiliar with the " Safe Passage " rights of travelers under the FOPA .
While this is highly atypical , a handful of passengers have been detained if firearms in their possession are prohibited by local law .
Google the Gregg Revell case of 2005 for more information about the worst such incident on record .
Again , this is by no means the norm , but you would be well - served by familiarizing yourself with those facts and having the contact information of a good lawyer .
( It is beyond the scope of this article , but in this age one would almost consider knowing an experienced firearms lawyer to be part of responsible gun ownership .
The defensive use of a firearm , even when fully - justified , will all but guarantee you a long line of legal issues .
For the sake of your family , your property , and your well - being … be prepared for any eventuality . )
No matter what happens , remember … you are following the law and you have a right to travel with your firearms .
While the bulk of my travels have been blissfully incident - free , once in a while I will notice an aghast expression or quiet aside comment from nearby travelers .
In my mind , this is both a good thing and a bad thing .
Molōn Labe
I am proud of the firearms that I own .
I am proud of my right to travel with them .
I am proud to be seen with them in public .
I like the fact that other citizens can see one of their ranks casually waiting in a line or proceeding to a destination while clearly armed .
Now , I will admit that part of this involves the acute thrill of knowing that one or two anti-gun types are quietly wringing their hands … confronted with the plain reality of a freedom that they do not understand or support .
But there is something more , something much more .
Most of all , I enjoy traveling with firearms not because of the occasional chagrined emotion it stirs up in the small - minded , but because of the lack of emotion it so often elicits from those around me .
The way I see it , this is a very healthy aspect of a free society .
Witnessing people simply going about their lives while in possession of firearms is a good thing , in my view .
There is a very powerful image ( left ) that stuck with me from the first time it scrolled across my screen .
It is a photograph taken in a grocery store in Switzerland .
Looking down an aisle lined with canned goods and produce , one sees a young man strolling away from the camera .
He is in the service ( as are all able - bodied Swiss males aged between 19 and 31 ) and returning home from a day of drills and exercises .
Slung across his back is his Sig 550 assault rifle .
And around him , amid the handful of citizens pushing shopping carts and squeezing loaves of bread and reaching for jars of peas , all is normal .
To me , that is the true sign of a society with healthy attitudes toward gun possession .
And that is what we contribute to every time we announce to co-workers that we 're going to the range after five o'clock … every time our concealed carry piece peeks out from under a shirt when we place a library book back on a high shelf … every time a family of four headed to Disney World sees us with an M - 14 or a 1911 laying in an open Pelican Case at the airport check - in desk .
Normalizing gun ownership is something I take pride in , and I will continue to do so … until I can stroll into the local WaWa for a hot dog with a rifle slung over my shoulder and no one around me raises an eyebrow .
July 1 , 2009
During yesterday 's earnings call , Google ( GOOG ) execs said YouTube will finally be profitable soon .
How ?
By continuing to add short - and long - form premium content and then selling pre-roll ads against it .
Following this recipe , Google sales topper Nikesh Arora said YouTube 's " monetized views " more than tripled in the last year .
Overall YouTube views were only up 64 % , according to ComScore .
YouTube gained a lot of its popularity swearing off pre-rolls in its early days , but Nikesh says viewers accept that when it comes to premium content , they 'll have to pay for it or watch an ad .
We also recently reported that due to several factors , including Google 's ability to buy bandwidth in volume , YouTube 's costs may be significantly lower than analysts previously estimated .
Go to ESPN 's YouTube channel for an example of how the pre-roll ad thing works .
Kingwood man killed by HPD officer identified Officer fatally shoots Kingwood man
Police : Suspect threatened Houston policeman with Taser
A Houston police officer fatally shot a man in Kingwood Saturday night after the suspect grabbed the patrolman ’s Taser , pointed it at the officer and threatened to shoot him with it , authorities said .
Officer R. Gardiner , who has worked for the department for seven years and patrols the northeast side , was working an extra job as a security officer at an apartment complex in the 2100 block of Lake Hills , police said .
When he was making rounds at 10:15 p.m. , he heard a man and woman fighting , said Houston police spokesman Victor Senties .
Gardiner approached the couple , saw the man ’s hands near the woman ’s face and gave him verbal commands , which the man ignored .
The officer then tried to take the man , identified by the medical examiner as John Barnes , 39 , into custody .
The two got into a physical struggle , and the suspect grabbed the officer ’s Taser , Senties said .
He said the man then pointed the Taser at the officer and said , “ You ’re dead now . ”
The officer fired at the man more than once , killing him , Senties said .
The woman was not injured .
The shooting will be investigated by HPD ’s homicide and internal affairs division , as well as the Harris County District Attorney ’s Office .
General Motors is doing it .
The world 's second - largest mining group is doing it .
Russia , Brazil and Venezuela are doing it .
And China is loving it .
Squeezed between falling profits and the credit crunch , a growing number of troubled corporations and countries are turning to cash - rich China for a bailout .
And with foreign assets cheaper than they have been for years , Beijing is going on an international spending spree .
" The international financial crisis ... is equally a challenge and an opportunity , " China 's energy czar , Zhang Guobao , wrote recently in the official newspaper People 's Daily .
" The slowdown ... has reduced the price of international energy resources and assets and favors our search for overseas resources . "
So far , the government has concentrated on natural - resource deals , securing supplies of oil and minerals in return for large amounts of cash .
But private Chinese firms are also taking advantage of the crisis in other sectors : Diesel - engine giant Weichai Power is expected to buy a French plant that GM is selling off in its struggle to survive .
Though the Chinese economy has also been hit by the crisis , cutting growth by almost half , " what sets China apart is that Chinese banks have not been so badly hurt , and the policy banks still seem ready to lend " in support of key government objectives , says Erika Downs , a China energy specialist at the Brookings Institution in Washington .
The China Development Bank , for example , is financing China 's biggest - ever foreign investment – a $ 19.5 billion bid by the mostly state - owned Aluminum Corp. of China for an 18 percent slice of Rio Tinto .
The Australian mining company desperately needs the cash in order to pay off $ 19 billion in debt over the next two years .
That deal , still to be approved by Australian regulators , is seen here as a pathfinder .
" It illustrates Chinese state business 's strong capacity ... and gathered experience for state - owned firms to operate abroad in the future , " explained an article published earlier this month in People 's Daily .
Other recent multibillion - dollar deals include the purchase by China Petrochemical Corp. , the country 's second - largest oil producer , of Canada 's Tanganyika Oil , which works in Syria , and the bid that China Minmetals has made for OZ Minerals , an Australian zinc producer on the verge of bankruptcy .
" The amount of money coming out of Beijing suggests they are confident that we are at the bottom of the market , " says Paul Cavey , an analyst with Macquarie Bank .
And with China 's trade surplus still wide , since imports have fallen even faster than exports , " they still have a lot of money to play with , " he adds .
Last week the Chinese government sank $ 39 billion of that money in three separate deals to secure future oil supplies from Russia , Brazil , and Venezuela .
A $ 25 billion loan to Russia , whose economy is reeling from plummeting oil prices , won a promise to supply 290,000 barrels per day for the next quarter - century and to build a pipeline into China .
" The slowdown in the Russian economy , declining crude prices , and production and the credit crunch have lent the Chinese far better bargaining power , " wrote Gordon Kwan , head of China energy research at CLSA brokerage , in a research note last week .
A $ 10 billion loan to Brazil , announced during a visit to the country by Chinese Vice President Xi Jinping , secured a similar pledge to provide up to 160,000 barrels of crude a day , while Mr. Xi also signed a deal with Venezuela for up to 1 million barrels per day by 2015 in return for another $ 4 billion from China to top up an existing development fund .
" More than anything else , China always wants security of resources going into the future , " says Mr. Cavey .
The crisis , and falling asset prices , " open up a significant part of the world , " he adds .
" China will think of investing pretty much anywhere there are resources , not just the places that other countries do n't want to go . "
Few expect Beijing to invest in the troubled financial sector , however , despite the hopes some foreign banks have harbored of attracting Chinese money .
" Natural resources are so strategic for a country , they can justify investments there , but they can't justify another financial sector deal , " says Andy Xie , an independent economist .
China 's sovereign wealth fund has lost between half and two - thirds of investments it made over the past two years in Morgan Stanley , Blackstone , and Barclays , Mr. Xie points out .
As China begins to move again on the international scene , taking advantage of low prices , it remains to be seen how much political resistance its bids will provoke .
In 2005 , political pressure in Washington forced China National Offshore Oil Corp. ( CNOOC ) to withdraw its bid for the US oil firm Unocal , even though the Chinese firm offered more money than its rival , Chevron .
" The situation is so bad that there is a desperation now to get money , " says Cavey .
" But it will still be a difficult political balance to strike " for the state - owned firms that are expected to be most active abroad .
Especially touchy will be the question of state assistance for Chinese firms , potentially giving them an advantage over Western competitors .
The China National Petroleum Corp .'s website last week carried a report on the government 's yet - unpublished oil and gas development plan , which suggested such assistance is foreseen .
" China will encourage enterprises to develop the exploration and acquisition of overseas resources and will offer low - interest loans and preferential lending rates for major overseas energy investment projects , " the report said .
" With low oil prices , we may see Chinese banks playing a bigger role " in funding acquisitions , says Dr. Downs at Brookings .
" And if it is known that Chinese companies are getting money from state banks at low interest rates , we will see concern that this support creates a playing field that is not level . "
Caterpillars transform into butterflies and moths via a radical process known as metamorphosis , where their bodies virtually turn to soup and develop anew .
Since Darwin , biologists have believed that the larval and the adult forms of insects evolved from a common ancestor .
Indeed , the evolution of metamorphosis is thought to have fueled the incredible diversity of insects today , allowing them to exploit different habitats at different life stages .
Now , a lone scientist claims that the phenomenon arose when two very different creatures accidentally mated .
In the current issue of Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences ( PNAS ) , Donald Williamson , a wheelchair - bound 87 - year - old zoologist from the University of Liverpool in England , suggests that the ancestors of modern butterflies mistakenly fertilized their eggs with sperm from velvet worms , also known as onychophorans .
" People have been trying to find one solution that covers all of metamorphosis , " Williamson says .
" I say it 's a change in taxon during development . "
Velvet worms , which fall between worms and insects on the tree of life , have soft - bodies and superficially resemble caterpillars , particularly the larvae of an early butterfly relative known as Micropterix .
Velvet worms have evolved a variety of elaborate fertilization procedures .
Males are known to place sperm packets not on the female 's genital opening , but rather on skin tissue , which the sperm penetrates before migrating to the ovaries .
Williamson believes that an ancient insect accidentally picked up that sperm , and butterflies now contain two developmental programs so they live half their life as velvet worms and half their life as winged butterflies .
" Animals have been able to hybridize since they invented sex , " Williamson says .
" With external fertilization , there 's always the possibility that some sperm will fertilize the wrong egg . "
However , scientists asked to comment on Williamson 's theory were taken back by it and surprised it made it into such a prestigious journal .
For example , from insect paleontologist Conrad Labandeira of the Smithsonian National Museum of Natural History in Washington , D.C. : " You 're kidding ! "
After looking over the paper , Labandeira pointed out more substantial criticisms .
Hybridization between closely related species sometimes occurs in the animal kingdom , but it is highly unlikely that the sperm of a velvet worm could fertilize a distantly related insect egg and produce a viable embryo .
He also raises the question of where the genetic program controlling metamorphosis would come from .
" If I was reviewing [ this paper ] I would probably opt to reject it , " he says , " but I 'm not saying it 's a bad thing that this is published .
What it may do is broaden the discussion on how metamorphosis works and …[ on ] … the origin of these very radical life cycles . "
Insect developmental biologist Fred Nijhout of Duke University took a less diplomatic view of the article saying it would be better suited for the " National Enquirer than the National Academy . "
" The paper is hypothetical and speculative and not a single bit of evidence supports the idea , " he says .
He points out that the developmental pathways that connect larvae to adults are well - established and that many structures in caterpillars map to adult butterflies .
This publication is not the first time Williamson has broken rank with the scientific community .
Since his retirement in the late 1980s , he has also been arguing that marine invertebrate larvae , such as those from clams and barnacles , arose through hybridization , but those claims were also met with consternation .
One champion of his ideas has been National Academy of Sciences member Lynn Margulis of the University of Massachusetts Amherst , a strong proponent of the controversial idea that genetic variation in organisms has been driven by the horizontal transfer of genes among unrelated organisms .
( As LaBandeira puts it , " She has a fondness for weird theories . " )
Margulis recalls Williamson first approaching her with his ideas 20 years ago and saying : " I am 68 - years - old , from a shortlived family , and on a straight - lined course for posthumous recognition . "
Williamson later slipped and fell while collecting marine larvae for his studies , which compromised his mobility and further isolated him at his residence on the Isle of Man . *
Margulis initially tried to get this work published in PNAS in the early 1990s , where as an Academy member she serves as an editor , selecting peer reviewers and making publication decisions .
However , too many of those reviews were negative to merit publication .
One reviewer suggested that Margulis 's reputation would be jeopardized by the association with Williamson 's work .
Eventually , Margulis convinced Williamson to focus on caterpillars because , she explains , " Everybody knows what a caterpillar is , and it does n't look anything like a butterfly . "
She says it took " 6 or 7 " peer reviews before she had the " 2 or 3 " positive ones necessary to make a case for its publication .
One of those reviewers was Robert Higgins , who retired from his position as curator of invertebrate zoology at the Smithsonian in 1993 and now lives in Asheville , North Carolina .
" I ’m probably the only one who gave a favorable review to it , " he chuckles .
" It was n't that I believed what [ Williamson ] had in the way of evidence because I do n't know that much about every group of invertebrates .
I just look at it as a hypothesis that should be tested . "
And so , after 22 years of persistence -- and with Margulis 's assistance -- Williamson is finally being heard , for better or worse .
" My career took off when I retired , " he says .
* Clarification ( 8/27/09 ) :
This sentence has been added since the original publication
Geothermal Frustrations , Part I
Hot rocks ?
This is Part I of a discussion of geothermal energy and investing .
Part II will appear tomorrow .
It ’s a work in progress .
I ’ve been mulling this over for quite some time .
There are some things that I want to get off my chest and share with you .
I Love Geothermal , But …
Longtime readers of Energy & Scarcity Investor know that I love geothermal energy .
It ’s my inner geologist channeling its way out .
And my inner technologist , too .
I seldom miss a chance to learn more about geothermal .
Based on what I know , I often say and write good things about geothermal power and many of the publicly traded stocks that embody the geothermal space .
When Agora Financial launched ESI back in November 2007 , among the first investment ideas that I recommended were five geothermal stocks .
Waiting for the Geothermal Godot
What ’s not to love about clean , green systems that draw “ free ” — sort of — energy from the earth ’s heat ?
Yes , indeed .
I love geothermal .
But with apologies to Samuel Beckett , I ’m getting tired of waiting for that geothermal Godot who never seems to show up .
Here we are a year and a half on and the five geothermal stocks in the ESI portfolio are all down from our entry point .
Sure , they ’ve bounced up and down over time .
Small - cap stocks do that , especially ones with roots as Canadian juniors .
Somebody plugs them at some conference or in a newsletter , if not Barron ’s magazine or The New York Times .
Then the stocks go up .
Pretty soon , they drift down .
The back story does n’t stick .
That ’s not how it ’s supposed to work .
The original idea for the ESI - 5 was that with more investment , drilling and development work , the geothermal companies would do better .
They ’d grow more valuable organically .
The stock market would respect that .
Over time , the stock prices would rise .
That ’s not what happened .
What ’s going on ?
The companies SHOULD be getting more valuable , right ?
Time has passed and the five companies are spending money on acreage , drilling and development , right ?
( Yes . )
They ’ve got deals with utility companies to buy their electric power , sooner or later , right ?
( Yes . )
Plus , we ’ve got the federal and state governments mandating low - carbon energy .
It ’s straight up the alley for geothermal .
We ’ve got “ renewable portfolio standards ” ( RPS ) too .
These are legislative mandates for utility companies to buy green power — a built - in market for geothermal .
There ’s even an RPS bidding war going on .
It ’s like each state wants to outdo the others in raising its RPS numbers .
So if you ’re a geothermal company , these ought to be your salad days .
There ’s nothing quite like selling a product that other people have to buy under penalty of law , right ?
Of course , this ought to offend your free market sentiments .
But that ’s another discussion .
There ’s more …
We ’ve got tax breaks galore for renewable energy targeted point - blank at geothermal .
Plus , at the other end of the tax code , where the funds get spent by the legislature , we ’ve got $ 350 million of recent government grant money just for geothermal .
$ 350 million ?
That ’s probably more research money than there are smart people who can spend it wisely .
Still , the money is there .
Where ’s That Geothermal Boom ?
So where ’s that geothermal boom ?
What has happened to geothermal in the past year ?
Why are the stocks down ?
Let ’s mention the usual reasons , just to get them into the sunlight .
Well , there was that stock market crash thing .
Stocks tumbled , including the geothermal guys .
There was a bit of a stock rebound this spring , but not much for geothermal .
( Better to be a big bank , right ? )
Then for the past nine months , we ’ve had a continuing credit crunch , slowing things down for the geothermal players .
We ’re experiencing the Great Recession , which has reduced electricity demand and put a damper on overall energy investment and risk taking .
Then there ’s the natural gas glut that has taken much of the cost - competitive edge off of geothermal power , as well as other alternative energy systems .
Ask T. Boone Pickens about his windmills .
The bottom line is that the stock market is NOT giving much present value to future geothermal plays .
Hence the stock prices are down .
Why is that ?
With all the inherent technical advantages of geothermal power ( like “ free ” energy from the earth ) , plus the government policies and tax breaks , the companies in the business — including the ESI - 5 listed above — should do better in the stock market .
But that ’s not the case , even though the deck is stacked in favor of green power , especially geothermal .
Where in the heck is the return ?
I ’ll pick up this discussion in Part II , tomorrow .
Thanks for reading .
Until we meet again ,
Byron King
July 23 , 2009
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Robert McNamara , who served as US defence secretary during the Vietnam war and the Cuban Missile Crisis , has died aged 93 .
Mr McNamara , who served under presidents John F Kennedy and Lyndon B Johnson , was also an architect of the US policy of nuclear deterrence .
After leaving the Pentagon he became president of the World Bank .
His wife Diana said he had suffered failing health for some time and died in his sleep at home in Washington DC .
Before taking up the post as Pentagon chief in 1961 , Mr McNamara was the president of Ford Motor Company , turning the company around in the post World War II era .
He is most closely associated with overseeing the involvement of the US in Vietnam from 1961 to 1968 .
Robert McNamara 1916 : Born in San Francisco 1946 : Hired by Ford Motor Company 1961 : Appointed US defence secretary 1968 : Became President of the World Bank 1981 : Retired
Obituary : Robert McNamara
Mr McNamara became to many anti-war critics the symbol of a failed policy that left more than 58,000 US troops dead .
Even his son , as a Stanford University student , took part in protests against the war while his father was running it .
However , in his 1995 memoirs In Retrospect : The Tragedies and Lessons of Vietnam , Mr McNamara wrote of his regret over his Vietnam role .
He described the war as " terribly wrong " owing to a combination of the anti-communist climate of the times , mistaken assumptions of foreign policy and military misjudgements .
He spoke frankly about the Vietnam war and the Cuban Missile Crisis in the 2003 documentary " The Fog of War : Eleven Lessons from the Life of Robert S. McNamara . "
With the US in the first year of the war in Iraq , it became a popular and timely attraction and won an Oscar for best documentary feature .
Bombing criticised
In 1967 Mr McNamara criticised the decision to bomb North Vietnam in retaliation for strikes on US bases in the south .
President Johnson decided to remove him the following year , offering him the presidency of the World Bank .
When he left office he was the longest - serving US defence secretary .
In his new role , Mr McNamara devoted great energy to improving life in rural communities in developing countries .
He believed it was a more promising path to peace than the build - up of arms and armies .
Mr McNamara , centre , worked under John F Kennedy and Lyndon B Johnson After retiring in 1981 , he championed the cause of nuclear disarmament .
Lawrence Korb , a former US assistant secretary of defence , told US broadcaster WGBH that he had been brave to admit that the war was a terrible mistake .
But it was something for which he was never forgiven , he said .
" I can't remember a public official with the courage to confess error and explain where the country went wrong , " said Mr Korb , who was a friend of Mr McNamara .
" It bothered him for the rest of his life .
People forget that after he left the Pentagon he ran the World Bank and did an awful lot in terms of dealing with poverty and hunger around the world .
" Then he dedicated the rest of his life to trying to do something about the proliferation of nuclear weapons , but it 's all been lost because of the Vietnam era . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
I do not fault this woman too much , if at all .
In fact I feel bad for her .
Before you say she 's a horrible parent , look at it from her POV .
She 's running errands , shopping , trying to get shit done .
Her kid , who obviously needs to be restrained in the first place , wo n't shut the hell up & behave .
He 's been acting up all day long , and mom is about to tear her hair out .
She gets done at the store , and the kid wo n't stand up & walk out on his own .
Mom is so fed up she just drags him out .
As a parent , I will say that while her behavior is a little over the top , I would not consider this an arrest - worthy offense .
I have never had to drag my 5 year old out of a store , she 's very well behaved 99.9 % of the time , but I can definitely understand parents that are driven to that point .
The mom looks exhausted & frustrated , and is probably just having a bad day .
I would be more concerned if the child did n't look well - cared for , or if he acted scared of her .
Most kids who are abused do n't act up in public , because they know what will happen if they do .
If my mom got arrested everytime she dragged me out of a store when I was being a little shit - well I can't even count that high .
My poor mom had to drag me out of store by my arm , kicking & screaming , nearly every other shopping trip .
It royally pisses me off the stupid shit that parents can be arrested for nowadays .
You can't even discipline your kids anymore .
I 'm only 28 & I remember getting the living shit spanked out of me in public when I acted up , with other parents simply nodding approvingly at my mother .
Now , if you so much as deny your kid the toy they 're screaming over , you get investigated by DHS .
Parenthood just sucks sometimes .
( h/t Heather )
Clearly , the Beltway Bubble operates much like the looking glass does in Lewis Carroll 's works : it inverts logic , turns issues inside out and makes the most trivial loom large and ignores the elephant in the room .
The moneyed , privileged bobbleheads are a perfect example of the " MFFY " generation of which Nonny spoke , because for them , it 's all about the taxes .
Notice how they talk about it as if it 's across the board , rather than those making over $ 250,000 a year ( approximately 2 % of the population )
BROOKS : You know , they made some progress on the Hill , they got a House bill out , they got a Senate bill moving forward .
They ’re scaring the dickens out of the moderates in their own party , let alone the Republicans .
They ’re scaring the dickens out of them because the House bill calls for raising the top tax rate to 52 or in some cities , 57 % .
That ’s higher than in France , Spain , Italy …
No , David , YOU'RE scaring the dickens out of these politicians .
With your handy - dandy Luntz talking points , you have pounded into the heads of these craven politicians that they MUST fear the tax increase , that their entire career depends on it .
Never mind that the tax increase is for only the top 2 % of Americans .
Never mind that 76 % of Americans want to see some sort of nationalized health care in place .
Never mind that even your precious group of top 2 % earners are ALREADY paying for the under - and uninsured now with increased insurances and medical costs .
Let me clue you in , Brooks , Parker , Page , O'Donnell and Matthews : HAVING YOU PAY A LITTLE HIGHER IN TAXES IS SWEET JUSTICE FOR ALL THE MISINFORMATION YOU'VE USED TO FRAME THIS DEBATE SINCE 1983 .
It 's not about you guys .
It 's about the vast majority of Americans who are barely getting by and are one even minor catastrophe away from ruin .
It 's about acknowledging that health care is a right -- not a privilege for the moneyed class .
It 's about acknowledging that this is what AMERICANS -- not you bobble - headed bubble boobs -- want .
And here 's a kick in the pants for you , Brooks :
What does it say about all the weakening of the Obama 's health care plan and the public option by those frightened politicos if other countries like France and Spain can offer a fully socialized ( * gasp * ) and robust single payer program to their citizens for less taxes than are currently being proposed here ?
If you were truly interested in being fiscally responsible and lowering taxes , then you would champion single payer , you blind ideologue .
I 'll die before the endgame , says Terry Pratchett in call for law to allow assisted suicides in UK
Pledge : Terry Pratchett revealed his views on ' assisted death ' by saying he hopes to be ' helped across the step '
Sir Terry Pratchett has made an emotional plea for the right to take his own life , saying : ' I live in hope I can jump before I am pushed . '
The fantasy novelist gave his views following last week 's landmark House of Lords controversial judgment in the case of Debbie Purdy .
' I believe that if the burden gets too great , those who wish should be allowed to be shown the door , ' he said .
' In my case , in the fullness of time , I hope it will be in the garden under an English sky .
Or , if wet , the library . '
Sir Terry , 61 , author of the hugely successful Discworld books , was diagnosed with Alzheimer 's diseasein 2007 .
He said that no one has a duty to suffer the extremes of terminal illness and set down his admiration for the sick and dying who have travelled to Switzerland to die in legal suicide clinics .
They have displayed ' furious sanity ' , he said .
The Lords ruled on Thursday that the Director of Public Prosecutions must give Mrs Purdy , who has multiple sclerosis , guidance on whether her husband will face prosecution - and a possible 14 - year prison sentence - if he helps her travel to the Dignitas clinic in Zurich to die .
The judgment means the DPP is likely to set down rules which will clear those who do not have selfish motives from the threat of prosecution - a major step towards legalisation .
Sir Terry , who was knighted in the 2009 New Year Honours , said in an article in the Mail on Sunday : ' I intend , before the endgame looms , to die sitting in a chair in my own garden with a glass of brandy in my hand and Thomas Tallis on the iPod .
' Oh , and since this is England , I had better add , " If wet , in the library " .
Who could say that this is bad ? '
Sir Terry said he would be happy to accept help from the medical profession .
He said he had no doubt that there were people with a ' passion for caring ' , but asked them to accept there are people ' who have a burning passion not to need to be cared for ' .
The author rejected the idea that allowing assisted suicide would amount to legalising euthanasia , in which those unwilling to die would be killed off .
He said some ways of looking after those with chronic illnesses , including forcible or ' peg ' feeding of Alzheimer 's sufferers , were degradpulsorying and painful .
' I am certain no one sets out to be cruel , but our treatment of the elderly ill seems to have no philosophy to it .
As a society , we should establish whether we have a policy of life at any cost . '
Sir Terry added : ' I have seen people profess to fear that the existence of a formalised approach to assisted dying could lead to it somehow becoming part of national health policy .
' I very much doubt this could be the case .
We are a democracy and no democratic government is going to get anywhere with a policy of comor even recommended euthanasia .
' If we were ever to end up with such a government , we would be in so much trouble that the problem would become the least of our worries .
But neither do I believe in a duty to suffer the worst ravages of terminal illness . '
Peers voted heavily against a parliamentary move to allow assisted suicide last month .
Sir Terry backed the reform , put forward by former Lord Chancellor Lord Falconer , which would have allowed relatives or friends to escort dying relatives to a suicide in Switzerland with the approval of two doctors .
However since then the main nursing union , the Royal College of Nursing , has withdrawn its opposition to assisted suicide .
More than 100 Britons have died at the Dignitas clinic , taking advantage of Swiss tolerance of suicide .
Most recently conductor Sir Edward Downes and his wife Joan died in Zurich , in the presence of their two children .
Lady Downes was dying of cancer but Sir Edward , while frail , was not suffering from a terminal illness .
Point me to heaven when the final chapter comes ...
Terry Pratchett 's deeply personal plea
We are being stupid .
We have been so successful in the past century at the art of living longer and staying alive that we have forgotten how to die .
Too often we learn the hard way .
As soon as the baby boomers pass pensionable age , their lesson will be harsher still .
At least , that is what I thought until last week .
Now , however , I live in hope - hope that before the disease in my brain finally wipes it clean , I can jump before I am pushed and drag my evil Nemesis to its doom , like Sherlock Holmes and Moriarty locked in combat as they go over the waterfall .
In any case , such thinking bestows a wonderful feeling of power ; the enemy might win but it wo n't triumph .
Plea :
Things like pride , self - respect and human dignity are worthy of preservation , says Discworld author Terry Pratchett
Last week a poll revealed that more than three - quarters of people in Britain approve of assisted suicide for the terminally ill .
On Thursday , the Law Lords delivered the landmark judgment in a case brought by multiple sclerosis sufferer Debbie Purdy , who feared her husband would be prosecuted if he accompanied her to die abroad .
She wanted the law on assisted dying to be clarified and the Law Lords have now ordered the Director of Public Prosecutions to draw up policy spelling out when prosecutions would and would not be pursued .
It looks as though the baby boomers have spoken and some of them , at least , hope they die before they get old - well , too old .
Some have seen what happened to their parents or grandparents , and they do n't like it .
Every day I remember my own father 's death .
The nurses were kind , but there was something very wrong about it .
The poll result arrived at about the same time as the Royal College of Nursing announced that it was ending its opposition to assisted dying .
Other signs indicate that the medical profession as a whole is at least prepared to face the issue .
I hate the term ' assisted suicide ' .
I have witnessed the aftermath of two suicides , and as a journalist I attended far too many coroners ' inquests , where I was amazed and appalled at the many ways that desperate people find to end their lives .
Suicide is fear , shame , despair and grief .
It is madness .
Those brave souls lately seeking death abroad seem to me , on the other hand , to be gifted with a furious sanity .
They have seen their future , and they do n't want to be part of it .
But for me , the scandal has not been solely that innocent people have had the threat of murder hanging over their heads for committing a clear act of mercy .
It is that people are having to go to another country to die ; it should be possible to die with benign assistance here .
You do not have to read much social history , or move in medical circles , to reach the conclusion that the profession has long seen it as part of its remit to help the dying die more comfortably .
Victorians expected to die at home , undoubtedly assisted by the medical profession .
In those days there was no such thing as drug control - just as there was no gun control .
Laudanum and opiates were widespread and everyone knew you could get your hands on them .
Sherlock Holmes was one of them !
As a young journalist I once listened in awe as a 90 - year - old former nurse told me how she helped a dying cancer patient into the great beyond with the help of a pillow .
Consolation : Terry in his Wiltshire garden with a brandy - the way he would like to be able to spend his final conscious moments
In the absence of any better medication in that time and place , and with his wife in hysterics at the pain he was forced to endure , death was going to be a friend ; it was life , life gone wild , that was killing him .
' We called it " pointing them to Heaven " , ' she told me .
Decades later , I mentioned this to another , younger nurse , who gave me a blank look , and then said : ' We used to call it " showing them the way " . '
Then she walked off quickly , aware that she had left a hostage to fortune .
I have been told that doctors do not like patients to worry that , theoretically , their GP has the expertise to kill them .
Really ?
I suspect that even my dentist has the means to kill me .
It does not worry me in the slightest , and I imagine that , like many other people , I would be very happy for the medical profession to help me over the step .
I have written a living will to that effect , and indeed this article in The Mail on Sunday will be evidence of my determination in this matter .
I cannot make the laws but you have no idea how much I hope those in a position to do so will listen .
In the course of the past few years , I have met some delightful people who say they have a passion for caring and I have no reason whatsoever to doubt them .
Can they accept , however , that there are some people who have a burning passion not to need to be cared for ?
It appears to be an item of faith with many people I have spoken to that both doctors and nurses , at least in hospital , still have ' things they can do ' when the patient is in extremis .
I certainly hope this is true , but I wish we could blow away the clouds obscuring the issue and embrace the idea of ending , at their request , the life of a terminally ill person at a time and , if possible , a place of their choosing .
I write this as someone who has , regrettably , become famous for having Alzheimer's .
Although being famous is all the rage these days , it 's fame I could do without .
I know enough to realise there will not be a cure within my lifetime and I know the later stages of the disease can be very unpleasant .
Indeed , it 's the most feared disease among the over - 65s .
Naturally , I turn my attention to the future .
There used to be a term known as ' mercy killing ' .
I cannot believe it ever had any force in law but it did , and still does , persist in the public consciousness , and in general the public consciousness gets it right .
We would not walk away from a man being attacked by a monster , and if we could n't get the ravening beast off him we might well conclude that some instant means of less painful death would be preferable before the monster ate him alive .
Family man : Terry Pratchett with his daughter Rhianna in 1998
And certainly we would n't tuck it up in bed with him and try to carry on the fight from there , which is a pretty good metaphor for what we do now , particularly with ' old - timers ' disease .
( My speech - to - text programme persists in transcribing Alzheimer 's as ' old - timers ' .
In fact , I 've heard many people absent - mindedly doing the same thing , and as a writer , I cannot help wondering if the perception of the disease might be a little kinder without that sharp , Germanic intonation . )
My father was a man well tuned to the public consciousness .
The day before he was diagnosed with pancreatic cancer he told me : ' If you ever see me in a hospital bed with tubes and pipes all over me , then tell them to turn me off . '
There was no chance of that a year later , when medicine 's defences had been used up and he was becoming a battleground between the cancer and the morphine .
I have no idea what might have been going through his head , but why did we have to go through with this ?
He had been told he had a year to live , the year was up , and he was a practical man ; he knew why he had been taken to the hospice .
Why could we not have had the Victorian finale , perhaps just a week or so earlier , with time for words of love and good advice , and tears just before the end ?
It would have made something human and understandable out of what instead became surreal .
It was not the fault of the staff ; they were , like us , prisoners of a system .
At least my father 's problem was pain , and pain can be controlled right until the end .
But I do not know how you control a sense of loss and the slow slipping of the mind away from the living body - the kind that old - timer 's disease causes .
I know my father was the sort of man who did n't make a fuss , and perhaps I would not , either , if pain were the only issue for me .
But it is n't .
I am enjoying my life to the full , and hope to continue for quite some time .
But I also intend , before the endgame looms , to die sitting in a chair in my own garden with a glass of brandy in my hand and Thomas Tallis on the iPod - the latter because Thomas 's music could lift even an atheist a little bit closer to Heaven - and perhaps a second brandy if there is time .
Oh , and since this is England I had better add : ' If wet , in the library . '
Who could say that is bad ?
Where is the evil here ?
But , of course , important points are being made in this debate .
Currently , people say they are worried about the possibility of old people being ' urged ' by greedy relatives into taking an early death .
If we can not come up with a means of identifying this , I would be very surprised .
Legal first : MS victim Debbie Purdy , pictured with husband Omar Puente , has persuaded the Law Lords to call for clarification of the law on assisted suicide
In any case , in my experience it is pretty impossible to get an elderly person to do something they do not wish to do .
They tend to know their own mind like the back of their hand , and quite probably would object to this being questioned .
There needs to be , for the safety of all concerned , some kind of gentle tribunal , to make certain that requests for assisted death are bona fide and not perhaps due to gentle persuasion .
It is the sort of thing , in my opinion , coroners could handle well .
All the ones I have met have been former lawyers with much experience of the world and of the ways of human nature , people with wisdom , in fact , and that means middle - aged at the very least , and old enough to have some grasp of the world 's realities .
I have no way of knowing whether any of them would wish to be involved ; this is breaking new ground and we wo n't know unless we try .
In my early journalistic years , I watched such men deal with the deaths of thalidomide babies and the results of terrible accidents with calm and compassion .
If their successors are as caring in their deliberations , I feel this may go some way to meeting the objections that people have .
And I would suggest , too , that Social Services be kept well away from any such arrangement .
I do n't think they would have much to offer .
In this country we have rather lost faith in the wisdom of ordinary people , among whom my father was a shining example .
And it is ordinary people , ultimately , who must make such decisions .
There are those who will object that the care industry can cope .
Even if we accept that they are coping now , which most of us will take on trust , in the coming decades they certainly will not be able to without a major reordering of our society .
The numbers tell us this .
We already have a situation where elderly people are being cared for at home by people who themselves are of pensionable age .
The healthcare system will become messy , and the NHS will struggle to cope .
There are care homes , of course , and they are subject to inspection , and we must take it on trust that the inspection system has teeth , but would you know how to choose one ?
Would you know what questions to ask ?
Would you know , if you suffer from Alzheimer 's disease or are representing someone who is , whether the place you would be choosing resorts to ' peg feeding ' ?
Peg feeding is the forcible feeding of patients who refuse food .
I found out about this only recently , and I 'm afraid it has entirely coloured my views .
These are , after all , innocent people who are on the road to death , and yet someone thinks it is right to subject them to this degrading and painful business .
The Alzheimer 's Society says peg feeding is ' not best practice ' , a rather diplomatic statement .
A kindly angel : Death , as portrayed in a scene from the Sky TV adaptation of Pratchett 's Discworld novel The Hogfather
People there that I trust tell me the main problem with the treatment of acute Alzheimer 's cases is not a lack of care and goodwill as such , but insufficient numbers of people who are skilled in the special needs of the terminally - ill Alzheimer 's patient .
I am certain no one sets out to be cruel , but our treatment of the elderly ill seems to have no philosophy to it .
As a society , we should establish whether we have a policy of ' life at any cost ' .
Apparently there is already such a thing as an official ' quality of life index ' : I do n't know whether the fact that we have one frightens me more than the possibility that we do n't .
In the first book of my Discworld series , published more than 26 years ago , I introduced Death as a character ; there was nothing particularly new about this - death has featured in art and literature since medieval times , and for centuries we have had a fascination with the Grim Reaper .
But the Death of the Discworld is a little more unusual .
He has become popular - after all , as he patiently explains , it is not he who kills .
Guns and knives and starvation kill ;
Death turns up afterwards , to reassure the puzzled arrivals as they begin their journey .
He is kind ; after all , he is an angel .
And he is fascinated with us , in the way in which we make our little lives so complicated , and our strivings .
So am I .
Within a year or two , I started to get letters about Death .
They came from people in hospices , and from their relatives and from bereaved individuals , and from young children in leukaemia wards , and the parents of boys who had crashed their motorbikes .
I recall one letter where the writer said the books were of great help to his mother when she was in a hospice .
Frequently , the bereaved asked to be allowed to quote some part of the Discworld books in a memorial service .
They all tried to say , in some way , ' thank you ' , and until I got used to it , the arrival of one of these letters would move me sufficiently to give up writing for the day .
The bravest person I 've ever met was a young boy going through massive amounts of treatment for a very rare , complex and unpleasant disease .
I last saw him at a Discworld convention , where he chose to take part in a game as an assassin .
He died not long afterwards , and I wish I had his fortitude and sense of style .
I would like to think my refusal to go into care towards the end of my life might free up the resources for people such as him .
Let me make this very clear : I do not believe there is any such thing as a ' duty to die ' ; we should treasure great age as the tangible presence of the past , and honour it as such .
I know that last September Baroness Warnock was quoted , or possibly misquoted , as saying the very elderly sick had a ' duty to die ' , and I have seen people profess to fear that the existence of a formalised approach to assisted dying could lead to it somehow becoming part of national health policy .
I very much doubt this could be the case .
We are a democracy and no democratic government is going to get anywhere with a policy of compulsory or even recommended euthanasia .
If we were ever to end up with such a government , we would be in so much trouble that the problem would become the least of our worries .
But neither do I believe in a duty to suffer the worst ravages of terminal illness .
As an author , I 've always tended to be known only to a circle of people - quite a large one , I must admit - who read books .
I was not prepared for what happened after I ' came out ' about having Alzheimer 's in December 2007 , and appeared on television .
People would stop me in the street to tell me their mother had it , or their father had it .
Sometimes , it 's both parents , and I look into their eyes and I see a flash of fear .
In London the other day , a beefy man grabbed my arm , smiled at me and said , ' Thanks a lot for what you 're doing , my mum died from it , ' and disappeared into the crowd .
And , of course , there have been the vast numbers of letters and emails , some of which , I 'm ashamed to say , will perhaps never be answered .
People do fear , and not because fear is whipped up , but because they 've recalled an unpleasant death in their family history .
Sometimes I find myself involved in strange conversations , because I am an amiable - looking person who people think they know and , importantly , I am not an authority figure - quite the reverse .
I have met Alzheimer 's sufferers who are hoping that another illness takes them away first .
Little old ladies confide in me , saying : ' I 've been saving up my pills for the end , dear . '
What they are doing , in fact , is buying themselves a feeling of control .
I have met retired nurses who have made their own provisions for the future with rather more knowledgeable deliberation .
From personal experience , I believe the recent poll reflects the views of the people in this country .
They do n't dread death ; it 's what happens beforehand that worries them .
Life is easy and cheap to make .
But the things we add to it , such as pride , self - respect and human dignity , are worthy of preservation , too , and these can be lost in a fetish for life at any cost .
I believe that if the burden gets too great , those who wish to should be allowed to be shown the door .
In my case , in the fullness of time , I hope it will be the one to the garden under an English sky .
Or , if wet , the library .
For women not trying to get pregnant , life should be easy .
Conception can only happen in the 12 - 24 hours after ovulation .
Sure , sperm may last as many as 3 - 4 days in the genital tract , hanging around for the egg to arrive .
But you ’d think not having sex during the 4 - 5 - day window would be sufficient to avoid mishaps .
That ’s what the rhythm method is — a natural form of birth control that relies on abstinence on fertile days .
But slips happen even among the most careful practitioners of the rhythm method .
Some of this may have to do with women not keeping perfect track of their menstrual cycles or having naturally irregular cycles .
( I discuss in BLONDES the evolutionary reasons why ovulation is hidden to both women and their partners . )
The failure rate for rhythm method is 25 percent each year ( with a perfect - use rate of 9 percent ) .
Why so high ?
Another reason could be pheromones .
The latest issue of my favorite journal , Medical Hypotheses , includes a submission that suggests that pheromones from men may cause an early ovulation in women .
By invoking an early release of the egg — in advance of the expected fertile window — chances of fertilization are higher .
As I mention in BLONDES , studies have the found that androstadienone , a testosterone - related compound found in men ’s sweat , semen , and saliva , increases the amount of luteinizing hormone in women , which thereby triggering ovulation .
It ’s possible that high - testosterone men may be likelier to have this effect on their lovers .
Their sweat smell alone may do the trick .
As I mentioned in an earlier post , there are other properties in semen that may also trigger early ovulation .
For instance , seminal fluid contains follicle stimulating hormone ( FSH ) and luteinizing hormone ( LH ) , which may coax the ovary to release an egg .
Despite the high failure rate , the Roman Catholic Chruch continues to promote the rhythm method , now renamed natural family planning ( adding cervical mucus and temperature data to the regimen ) .
Problem is , we do n’t live in a clockwork universe , nor do we have clockwork bodies .
Goichi Suda breaks the hearts of countless
Wii owners , suggesting that once No More Heroes 2 : Desperate Struggle is finished , the franchise will leave the platform behind .
Advertisement
While No More Heroes and its star Travis Touchdown have captured the hearts of many fans on the Nintendo Wii , Suda 's ambition might just be too big for the platform .
Once the sequel hits store shelves in early 2010 , it could be curtains for the Wii franchise .
" I think [ ' No More Heroes 2 ' ] is the last ‘ NMH ' that is going to be developed on the Wii .
To expand ‘ NMH ' to new possibilities , we need a new platform .
Wii is a great platform , but we 've done everything we can with it now . "
Advertisement
While disappointing news for Wii owners , it is a move that makes sound business sense .
Despite an excellent reception , the first No More Heroes did n't exactly fly off store shelves .
One would imagine that a mature title with the charm of NMH would do amazingly well on the Xbox 360 , PlayStation 3 , or even the iPhone .
Where would you folks like to see No More Heroes go next ?
No More Heroes Will " Need A New Platform " [ Edge Online via MTV Multiplayer ]
Posted by John , August 9th , 2009 - under Medicare , Obama , United States .
IF YOU listen to the current debate in Washington over proposals for some kind of national health care reform , the arguments that raged in the lead - up to the founding of Medicare – the government health care program for the elderly , which celebrated its 44th birthday on July 30 – echo through to the current day .
When the administration of John F. Kennedy discussed a plan for government health care that would cover people of Social Security age , the American Medical Association ( AMA ) fought back , along with the insurance and pharmaceutical industries , with a well - funded campaign –complete with a commercial featuring actor Ronald Reagan , who was determined to talk to America about an “ imminent threat ” :
Now , back in 1927 , an American socialist , Norman Thomas , six times candidate for president on the Socialist Party ticket , said the American people would never vote for socialism .
But he said under the name of liberalism , the American people would adopt every fragment of the socialist program …
One of the traditional methods of imposing statism or socialism on a people has been by way of medicine .
It ’s very easy to disguise a medical program as a humanitarian project …
Now , the American people , if you put it to them about socialized medicine and gave them a chance to choose , would unhesitatingly vote against it .
The someday - Governor - and - later - President Reagan finished his appeal by asking listeners to write their members of Congress with the warning :
And if you do n’t do this , and if I do n’t do it , one of these days , you and I are going to spend our sunset years telling our children , and our children ’s children , what it once was like in America when men were free .
Are you shivering in your boots ?
During her doomed vice presidential campaign , Republican “ maverick ” Sarah Palin brought Reagan ’s views back into the national debate–nearly half a century on .
Of course , the danger of creeping socialism is a much less compelling argument today among ordinary people than it was during the Cold War .
If anything , socialism is becoming a preferred alternative to the mess that capitalism has made of working - class living standards .
Still , one of the familiar arguments from right - wing politicians–and many liberal politicians , for that matter–against a government - run health program is that people do n’t want the government controlling their lives .
Americans , the argument goes , want to make their own decisions about their health care .
And they all agree that the free - market system is the best way to guarantee we get the best care possible .
Not only are these conceptions wrong , but they ’ve succeeded in confusing and misleading people about exactly what kind of health care is even being proposed today .
The Washington Post recently reported on a health care town hall meeting in Simpsonville , S.C. , where a man stood up and told Rep. Robert Inglis ( R - S.C. ) to “ keep your government hands off my Medicare . ”
“ I had to politely explain that , ‘ Actually , sir , your health care is being provided by the government , ’ ” Inglis told the Post .
“ But he was n’t having any of it . ”
That ’s a pretty drastic example .
But it shows just how successful the politicians and the media have been at confusing the national discussion on health care .
IN THE decades before the founding of Medicare in 1965 – alongside the Medicaid program that provided coverage to the indigent –the health care debate centered around a more all - encompassing government - run national health care plan .
The Roosevelt and Truman administrations both saw several failed attempts at implementing some sort of compulsory national health care program–all of which were opposed by the AMA and the American Hospital Association ( AHA ) .
According to the Physicians for a National Health Program ’s ( PNHP ) Karen Palmer [ 1 ] , the AMA assessed its members an extra $ 25 each to resist national health insurance , and in 1945 , it spent $ 1.5 million on lobbying efforts , which at the time was the most expensive lobbying effort in American history .
An AMA pamphlet warned , “ Would socialized medicine lead to socialization of other phases of life ?
Lenin thought so .
He declared socialized medicine is the keystone to the arch of the socialist state . ”
Unions largely focused on negotiating health care benefits for their members in individual contracts with companies , devoting fewer resources to the larger fight for national health care .
In 1961 , there were 800 commercial health carriers and 40 million individuals enrolled , according to John Geyman in The Corporate Transformation of Health Care .
However , only a quarter of the population had health insurance .
Two - thirds of people over 65 years of age had no hospital insurance .
These statistics spoke to the overwhelming need for Medicare .
In the context of the growing civil rights movement in the South , a national spotlight was cast on Black poverty–and poverty generally –in the United States .
At the same time , for its own self - preservation , the Democratic Party was being forced to refashion itself from the party of racist Dixie to a “ party of the people . ”
The Johnson administration ’s launching of its War on Poverty and Great Society programs fit into this transformation .
As Lance Selfa explains in his book The Democrats : A Critical History [ 2 ] :
The Democrats won the White House and Congress with overwhelming majorities .
The booming economy produced revenue that underwrote an expansion of social welfare spending .
Increased welfare spending offered the Democrats the opportunity to throw the Dixiecrats overboard and reconfigure the party .
Johnson ’s endorsement of the 1964 Civil Rights Act and the 1965 Voting Rights Act pushed the Dixiecrats further toward the Republicans .
The administration needed a formula to accomplish two tasks simultaneously : replacing racist votes with Black votes and undercutting Black militants .
Johnson ’s 1964 - 65 Great Society initiative seemed to offer the appropriate formula .
When Johnson signed Medicare into law on July 30 , 1965 , he said , “ For the first time in the history of America , every senior citizen will be able to receive hospital care– not as a ward of the state , not as a charity case , but as an insured patient . ”
After winning a solid majority in the 1964 election , congressional Democrats were poised to easily pass anti-poverty legislation like Medicare and Medicaid .
But even though they had the big majority and public support they needed for Medicare to sail through–just like today –the Democrats made many compromises to Republicans and the health care industry .
The legislation ended up as a three - layer construction of proposals that included : A ) comprehensive hospital insurance covered under Social Security that was proposed by Democrats ; B ) the Republicans ’ proposal for a voluntary insurance program for physicians ’ bills subsidized by federal revenue ; and C ) an expanded medical welfare program for the poor administered by the states , or Medicaid .
Medicare ’s impact was immediately felt by poor people around the country , who previously had been cut out of some of the most basic health care services .
And while civil rights were deliberately never discussed during the debate over the legislation , according to Social Security Administration ( SSA ) commissioner Robert Ball , Medicare also struck a blow against segregation .
Stories of African American patients being denied life - saving services at white - only hospitals , often with deadly results , were routine in the segregated South , even after the landmark Brown v. Board Supreme Court decision .
Southern hospitals used the excuse that they were private institutions to avoid the 14th Amendment ’s equal protection clause .
Civil rights activists had targeted segregation in Southern hospitals .
But with the passage of Medicare , hospitals and nursing homes that wanted to receive federal funding would no longer be able to discriminate .
A staff of 1,000 SSA and Public Health Services staff people were immediately trained and sent throughout Southern hospitals to inspect hospitals for discrimination , according to Jill Quadagno and Steve McDonald in The New Deal and Beyond .
Undersecretary Wilbur Cohen said 20 years later :
On the day before Medicare went into effect , every hospital in the South , over every drinking fountain , over every bathroom , over every cafeteria , there were signs reading “ Whites ” and “ Colored ” for separate and presumably equal facilities .
On the day that Medicare went into effect in the South , all those signs and separate facilities began to come down .
In one day , Medicare and Medicaid broke the back of the segregated health services .
Cohen is likely exaggerating the immediacy of Medicare ’s impact on the Jim Crow South , but the story illustrates the undeniable link between poverty and racism in America–and why the challenge to discrimination could n’t be left up to the “ states to decide . ”
The passage of Medicare gave credence to the idea that care for the aging and the poor is society ’s responsibility .
The civil rights and anti-poverty movements infused American society at large–from the streets to the halls of government –with this attitude .
Of course , there was a gap between the rhetoric and the reality of Medicare .
Medical fees were still decided by providers , not the federal government , so costs were allowed to soar .
And of course , there were those who found ways to profit off the new program–such as 1992 independent presidential candidate Ross Perot , whose Electronic Data Systems won a contract to computerize Medicare records that made Perot into a millionaire .
Medicare itself was a compromise in that it provided guaranteed health care for only a very targeted –and typically expensive , from the point of view of the medical inustry–group .
It could never seriously challenge the power of the industry or offer an alternative to the millions of people whose health was at their mercy .
– – – – – – – – – – – – – – – –
THIRTY YEARS later , during the Clinton years , the Democratic Party ’s promise of a “ social contract ” had faded away , and a new sun rose on the ideas of “ personal responsibility ” and “ belt - tightening . ”
The Clinton - era attacks on anti-poverty programs like Medicare and welfare were more harsh than Ronald Reagan could have dreamed of .
After its botched and half - hearted attempt at health care reform , the Clinton administration went along with the Republicans ’ 1997 Balanced Budget Act ( BBA ) , spearheaded by House Speaker Newt Gingrich ( R - Ga . ) .
In a sharp reversal of Clinton ’s campaign promise to expand Medicare , the BBA put in place caps on “ discretionary spending ” for items like Medicare .
1999 saw a decline in Medicare spending for the first time .
The Clinton administration also further privatized Medicare by handing over the delivery of care to private insurance companies , HMOs , with the claim that seniors would supposedly get more care for less money .
This , of course , turned out not to be the case .
Some 2.4 million seniors were forced to find new coverage , and often to change doctors , when many Medicare Plus Choice plans left the market because they were n’t making enough profit .
All this set the stage for the Bush administration ’s further “ modernization ” –privatization –of Medicare and the Medicare drug program in 2003 .
According to a PNHP study in 2002 , Medicare is administered with an overhead of 3 percent , compared to overhead costs for private insurers that are five to nine times higher .
Medicare gives a glimpse at the possibility of what a health program would look like that was concentrating on providing health care , not corporate profit .
As single - payer supporters John Geyman and Malinda Markowitz [ 3 ] pointed out last year , on Medicare ’s 43rd birthday :
Amidst this deteriorating landscape , original Medicare stands as a shining example of a needs - based program that has consistently served the public interest .
Despite being weakened by privatizing , it gives us a solid foundation for real health care reform , when access to necessary health care is even more difficult than in the 1960s .
It is time to expand Medicare as a social insurance program for all Americans through a single risk pool of all 300 million of us .
Today , millions go without care , and millions more who actually have health insurance live in fear of getting sick enough that their insurance is put to the test .
The same outcry in the 1960s that demanded something be done for sick people can be heard today .
We should n’t have to settle for compromises .
That ’s why our demand is Medicare for all .
This article , by Elizabeth Schulte , first appeared in the US magazine Socialist Worker .
BSE - listed FMCG firm ITC ‘s e-Choupal initiative and job portal Monster India have launched a portal called RozgarDuniya.com to specifically cater to rural job seekers in India .
Rozgar Duniya ’s starting page is in Hindi but the page can be viewed in English too .
It has job categories such as textiles and weaving , teaching , mechanic and auto repair , data entry and industrial jobs such as motor binding , steel fabrication , glass blowing , khallasi and administration jobs .
The domain Rozgar Duniya was registered in February 2009 .
It sports a dormant look and a limited database .
Mint reports that it will take 3 weeks for the website to put up 150 job listings .
Reaching Out
The two companies are initially targeting four states – Uttar Pradesh , Maharashtra , Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan but will scale it up to nine states and about 40,000 villages using e-Choupal network .
e- Choupals are Internet kiosks in villages that offer farmers crop , weather and market information .
ITC has set up 6,5 oo such e-Choupals so far in 10 states and claims to reach a whopping 4 million farmers .
It plans to extend this network to 15 states and 20,000 e-Choupals in the next five years .
ITC will be training its e-Choupal Sanchalaks , farmers who were trained to operate the kiosks , to help others in their community use the website and apply for jobs .
This is a vital step to bridge the crevasse between rural job seekers and the Internet .
SREI Sahaj , which has the mandate of setting up 27,000 CSCs ( kiosks ) across 7 states , also set up a team to train Village Level Entrepreneurs ( VLEs / Sanchalaks ) on approaching rural job seekers and connecting them with it ’s job website Chaakri.in .
Over 12,000 CSCs by Sahaj are operational so far and are each run by a VLE .
Chaakri By SREI Sahaj
Chaakri , which was launched in February , is still in a ramp up mode .
In June , it added clients such as Eureka Forbes Ltd ( Aquaguard & Aquasquare Divisions ) , and Subhash Projects Marketing Ltd in June .
These firms added 280 listings for jobs available in Kolkata , Orissa , West Bengal and Assam .
The website placed 22 candidates in May 2009 .
Revenue Sharing
ITC and Monster.com have entered into a revenue sharing agreement , details of which were not disclosed by the companies .
No mention is made of the monetary benefit that gets passed down to the e-Choupal Sanchalak .
SREI Sahaj shares the revenues generated by the site with the VLEs it hires .
In July , the SREI Sahaj appointed team covered 4 districts in West Bengal to impart training to VLEs on the offline services provided by jobs , its online registration and also the monetary benefits .
The company has said in its newsletter that a VLE receives a sum once the process of registering a candidate on Chaakri and successfully placing him is complete .
Nikhil Pahwa adds :
I quite like the fact that Rozgar Duniya is available in both Hindi and English : having multilingual sites is a must for ITC and Monster – remember that e-choupal launched a Tamil language site last year .
The other thing to ensure is that the information is accessible to the villagers , and not just restricted to the sanchalaks .
We tend to take access to information for granted , but for people in rural areas , education , language and sometimes regional , caste or personal issues can influence access to information .
From a Monster perspective , I wonder if it ’s a good idea to restrict this partnership just to ITC .
There ’s an opportunity for them to perhaps run Chaakri for Sahaj as well , or even consider a mobile based component , given that there wo n’t be a CSC or an e-choupal in every village .
Also , it ’s unlikely that returns from this initiative will be significant for the first few years – right now , the focus will probably be on getting both employers and potential employees to use it .
In all of this , lets not forget that the Indian government has also announced plans for a national level job portal , which will probably , support the NREGA scheme .
Related
– SREI Sahaj To Invest Rs 10 Billion On Kiosks ; Rural Job Portal Chaakri ; Mobile CSCs ?
– India Adds 12.05M Connections
In June ; E- Governance Roll Outs Delayed
– Tata Indicom Partners Ossian For Nano Ganesh ; Other Rural VAS Initiatives
– e-Choupal : ITC Scaled Down Commodities , Launched Tamil Portal In FY09
Every mom we know multitasks .
And I am one to believe I can use an all - of - the - above approach , too .
I can abandon Alaska and ambition myself for the presidency .
I can get bored with my job and fight apathy .
I can take the easy path out to work hard on a path for fruitfulness .
I can move on selfishly and call it altruistically .
I do n’t need a title now when I can shake up the good ol ’ boys and get a better title in the end .
You did n’t really think I was going anywhere , did you ?
I ’m one of Google ’s hot trends .
We ’re doing a fund - raising push this week on SarahPAC to destroy Obama ’s attempt to destroy capitalism .
And forget about Obama ’s youth revolution .
I posed for a cheesecake shot in Runner ’s World with short - shorts and a crumpled American flag that ’s destined to be on the bedroom wall of every conservative 12 - year - old boy .
It ’s the metaphor , stupid !
Heck yeah , I ’m running !
As I learned when I was a beauty contestant  flags and gams show you it ’s about country .
And before you say anything though about the glam shots of me stretching and preening on the waterfront in my cute running outfits , do n’t bother .
That would be a sexist double standard .
Nobody said anything when Obama walked around in Hawaii without his shirt , showing off his washboard abs .
Well , maybe they did , but I betcha they say more about me because , of course , we know by now , for some reason , a different standard applies to my decisions .
It ’s just like when Obama , the One Who Must Be Obeyed , said his family was off - limits so everyone left them alone .
But they never left mine alone .
Thank goodness for that though because we hate being out of the limelight !
It was a blast to see Bristol with my grandbaby Tripp on the cover of People as the ambassadress of abstinence !
It ’s the same different standard with the dirt - digging behind these frivolous ethics complaints .
As I told the reporters who chased me up here , if I were in the White House instead of Alaska , the Department of Law down there would look at some of the things that we ’ve been charged with and automatically throw them out .
Later , the media brats began making a big , fat ugly scene about there being no Department of Law in Washington .
<<< NEWS FROM THE LAB - Tuesday , August 11 , 2009 >>>
ARCHIVES | SEARCH Memories of Blaster Posted by Mikko @ 07:45 GMT
On this day five years ago , one of the largest worm outbreaks in history happened : Blaster .
The case was so huge , even VANITY FAIR wrote a 10 - page feature on it .
It 's hard to imagine any virus getting that kind of coverage today .
So we 're republishing the original article from 2004 .
It 's a long story , but worth a read .
In fact , the article got reprinted in Reader 's Digest in over 20 different languages .
Here 's the article itself .
Have fun .
Researchers have found how a type of nanoparticle being developed for medicine can cause lung damage , and they are zeroing in on a way to counteract the process .
The field of nanotechnology aims to use particles one - billionth of a metre in size to improve the effectiveness of drugs and gene therapy by carrying them to the right place in the body .
Nanoparticles are also used in products such as cosmetics , sporting goods and electronics , but lung damage is a concern .
In this week 's Journal of Molecular Cell Biology , Chinese researchers said a class of nanoparticles widely developed in medicine — polyamidoamine dendrimers or PAMAMs — cause lung damage by triggering a type of programmed cell death .
In experiments on human lung cells , they found no evidence that PAMAMs killed cells by apoptosis , the most common type of cell death .
Another type of cell death known as autophagy plays a normal part in cell growth and renewal , but scientists have found that excessive activity of the destructive process can also kill cells .
By injecting mice with an inhibitor of autophagy and then later exposing the rodents to nanoparticles , the researchers found the inhibitor " significantly ameliorated the lung damage and improved survival rates . "
" This provides us with a promising lead for developing strategies to prevent lung damage caused by nanoparticles , " said the leader of the team , Chengyu Jiang , a molecular biologist at the Chinese Academy of Medical Sciences in Beijing , said in a release .
Magnum photographer Peter van Agtmael recently won the 2012 W. Eugene Smith Grant for Humanistic Photography , one of the top awards for photojournalism .
He will receive $ 30,000 to work on his project “ Disco Nights September 11 , ” which continues the work van Agtmael started with “ 2nd Tour , Hope I Do n’t Die . ”
The new project explores effects of the wars on people from Afghanistan and Iraq , as well as on refugees in the US , Europe , and especially in other countries in the Middle East .
Herein is a review of his first book , “ 2nd Tour , Hope I Do n’t Die , ” published on MotherJones.com in 2009 .
( WARNING : contains some graphic images . )
“ This is how I saw America ’s wars from January 2006 until December of 2008 .
I wanted to make pictures that reflected my complex and often contradictory experiences , where the line was continuously blurred between perpetrator and victim , between hero and villain .
In time , the labels that had heretofore defined my perceptions of the world became meaningless .
If I found any truth in war , I found that in the end everyone has their own truth . ”
– Peter van Agtmael
Magnum photographer Peter van Agtmael followed the conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq as an embedded photojournalist from 2006 to 2008 .
Sure , his unflinching work captures the brutality , chaos , and carnage of war .
But van Agtmael ’s photos also deliver the extreme tedium , the moments of tranquility , the humanity , and the utter confusion — in ways that stir those of us here , safely at home .
That ’s hard to do .
The repetition of images from these wars , year after year , has numbed many of us to the story .
Our eyes reflexively glaze over when we see photos of people buried under the camo helmets , packs , guns , and sunglasses .
In his book , 2nd Tour , Hope I Do n’t Die , van Agtmael ’s photos crack the jaded glaze we ’ve all developed .
Part of what mezmerizes are the captions and other written parts of the book .
Here , van Agtmael connects the reader to the place before / during / after the shutter closed .
What led up to a bloodied boy against a wall scowling at the camera ?
What happened to the soldier in the ER , staring directly through the camera at you , the viewer ?
It ’s this dimension of backstory that makes van Agtmael ’s work so exceptional .
That , and his commitment to to following the story back to the United States , where it continues .
All photos from Peter van Agtmael ’s book , 2nd Tour , Hope I Do n’t Die ( 2009 , Photolucida ) .
Van Agtmael won the prestigious Photolucida Critical Mass Award in 2008 for this work .
2nd Tour , Hope I Do n’t Die is the end result of that award .
The police cordoned off the road leading to the disputed houses , stopping journalists from reaching them .
Orthodox Jews were allowed through to visit a nearby site believed by Jews to be the ancient tomb of Shimon Hatzadik , or Simeon the Just , a Jewish high priest .
Nasser Ghawi , one of the evicted Palestinians , said his family had been living in its house for 53 years .
Maher Hanoun , the head of the other evicted family , was out on the street like Mr. Ghawi .
“ I do not need a tent or rice , ” Mr. Hanoun said .
“ What I need is to return to my house , where I and my children were born . ”
Thirty - eight members of the Ghawi family were removed from six apartments that made up one of the houses .
There are 17 people in the Hanoun family .
The houses were built in the 1950s by a United Nations agency for Palestinian refugees when the area was under Jordanian control .
Jordan gave the families ownership of the houses but had not formally registered the buildings in their names by the time the 1967 war broke out , according to the families ’ lawyer , Hosni Abu Hussein .
In the early 1970s , a Jewish association claimed ownership of the land around the tomb , based on property deeds from Ottoman times .
At first the Palestinian families agreed to pay rent to the association to continue living there as protected tenants .
Mr. Abu Hussein said they stopped paying when he learned that the Jewish deeds had been forged .
Eviction orders were issued , though the authenticity of the property deeds is still debated in Israeli courts .
The largest wild population of Asian elephants in the world is threatened by development over a 2.5 kilometer wide corridor , according to Rainforest Information Centre which is a part of an international campaign to change the location of the development .
The corridor , located in the Western Ghats of India , is the last unbroken forest leading the elephants from wet season to dry season feeding grounds .
Unfortunately the corridor also connects two different Indian states : Kerala and Karnataka .
Already , a busy interstate highway passes through the elephants ’ forest , used by hundred of vehicles around the clock .
Currently checkpoints leading from one state to another are located in three different places , leaving the forest corridor free for elephants to pass .
However , a recent decision has been made to combine the checkpoints of the three states in the center of the elephant corridor .
Asian elephants in Thailand .
Photo by : Rhett A. Butler .
“ This development would include all manner of infrastructure – building complexes , housing , offices , toilets and dormitories for drivers , a fuel filling station and so on , ” writes the nonprofit conservation group , Rainforest Information Centre .
“ The checkpoint clearance takes hours , so there would be hundreds of lorries parked along the road throughout the night on either side of the checkpoints within the forests preventing elephants from using the corridor . ”
Rainforest Information Center notes that work has already begun : a trench has been dug which prevents elephants “ from crossing the road , cutting [ the elephants ] off from the the river and whatever little fodder available on the river margin ” .
Working with the Indian environmental organization , Wayanard Nature Protection Group , and Forests.org , an online activist center , Rainforests Information Centre has encouraged supporters to contact government officials .
“ The best solution would be the relocation of the checking stations to outside the forest on the Kerala side of the corridor where suitable land for this is available , ” suggests Rainforests Information Centre .
“ It is also necessary to prohibit vehicle movement during certain night - time hours for example , between 11 p.m. and 4 a.m . ”
John Seed of Rainforests Information Centre told Mongabay.com : “ we feel confident that international attention can persuade the Kerala government to move the site of its planned development out of the corridor and out of the jungle . ”
For more information on the corridor : Rainforests Information Centre or Forests.org .
Related articles
Two Sumatran elephants shot dead in Indonesian park
( 03/31/2009 )
As reported by the Associated Press , two 20 - year - old female Sumatran elephants were found on March 24th dead in the forests of Kerinci National Park due to gunshots in the head .
The females had been partners with local rangers , who rode them to patrol the park to keep out illegal loggers .
High ivory prices in Vietnam drive killing of elephants in Laos , Cambodia
( 02/19/2009 ) Indochina ’s remaining elephants are at risk from surging ivory prices in Vietnam , according to a new report from the wildlife trade monitoring network TRAFFIC .
Population of Asian elephants discovered in Malaysian park
( 01/15/2009 ) A population of 631 Asian elephants has been documented in Malaysia ’s Taman Negara National Park , reports the Wildlife Conservation Society ( WCS ) .
The population may be the largest in Southeast Asia .
Scientists from WCS and Malaysia ’s Department of Wildlife and National Parks ( DWNP ) counted elephant dung piles to estimate the protected area ’s population size .
There were no previous scientific population surveys for elephants in the park .
Ever since the first OMGWTF Programming Contest , I 've always wanted to bring back some element of " coding challenges " to the site .
Ideally , this would be in the form of a second contest ... but considering that contests require a ton of work , and the fact that interns around town have come to learn that interning at Inedo basically mean means shipping mugs , mailing stickers , testing contest entries , and acting as human ottomans , we 'll have to go with something a bit scaled back .
And that 's where Programming Praxis will come in .
The goal of Programming Praxis is simple : provide an outlet for you , the enquiring software developer , to sharpen your programming skills on a problem a bit more interesting than the normal , boring stuff .
That , and to put your code where you mouth is , so to say .
There is no “ right ” answer and no perfect solution , but some will certainly be better than others .
The best of these will get a TDWTF sticker .
So , without further ado , here is your first Programming Praxis .
" It is said that Russian peasants multiply using a most curious method , " writes Phil Bewig .
" They start by writing the two numbers to be multiplied at the head of two columns .
Then they repeatedly divide the number in the left column by two ( dropping any remainder ) and double the number in the right column , writing the two new numbers immediately below their predecessors , until the number in the left column is one .
Then they cross out all rows where the number in the left column is even , and add the remaining numbers in the right column , which is the desired product .
For instance , the product eighteen times twenty - three is found like this . "
" It is easy to see why this method works if you use the grade - school method of multiplication , but with binary numbers instead of decimal numbers . "
10010 18 x 10111 x 23 ------- ----- 00000 0 x 1 x 23 0 10111 0 1 x 2 x 23 46 00000 00 0 x 4 x 23 0 00000 000 0 x 8 x 23 0 + 10111 0000 1 x 16 x 23 + 368 ----------- ------ = 110011110 = 414
" In binary , " Phil continues , " 18 is 1x24 + 0x23 + 0x22 + 1x21 + 0x20 .
The odd numbers in the left column correspond to the 1 bits in the binary representation of the multiplicand . "
Your challenge : write a function that multiplies two numbers using the Russian peasant algorithm .
There is no language restriction , though anything on the esoteric language list will probably be ignored .
Spoiler alert : the solution (s ) will undoubtedly appear in the comments .
Posted on by Korczyk
According to a source , the Canucks have signed Everett Silvertips player Kellan Tochkin .
He was one of the Canucks ’ prospect camp invitees , and apparently impressed the coaching / scouting staff enough to get a contract .
League minimum two - way deal most likely .
Here ’s what I wrote about him in the prospect camp preview .
Kellan Tochkin from Abbotsford , BC was one of the Everett Silvertips ’ better players for the 2008/09 season , scoring 74 points in 72 games .
He ’s also a bit of a smaller player , at only 5′10 ″ .
Also interesting to note is that between the draft and this prospect camp , he ’s the only WHL player that was on the Canucks ’ radar .
Edit July 27 : Looks like it ’s now official .
http://canucks.nhl.com/team/app/?service=page&page=NewsPage&articleid=457732
Share this : Twitter
Facebook
Reddit
Like this : Like Loading ...
Related
Filed under : Free Agency , Prospects | Tagged : Canucks Free Agent Signing , Kellan Tochkin , Manitoba Moose , Prospects Camp , Signing |
Since childhood , Junior Fritz Jacquet is fascinated by the paper .
He explores and experiments with different techniques of folding and crumpling to create new forms and poetic objects that decorate his life .
A Microsoft patent application has evolutionary biologists worried Redmond could claim standard techniques used by scientists to organize how animals are related through time .
The patent application , which came to light in the August edition of Science , claims invention of methods for mapping biological data to an evolutionary tree .
It includes methods for counting evolutionary events as well as grouping evolutionary relatedness from biomolecules .
The patent application was filed July 23 , 2007 and credited to Stuart Ozer .
" This patent is written in such a broad language that it appears to swallow up any activity that involves understanding biodiversity though phylogenetics , " said William Piel , a phylogeneticst at Yale University quoted in the article .
Piel claims the basic techniques are derived from as far back as when Charles Darwin sketched the first evolutionary tree , and today are used by hundreds of biological systematics software packages .
" Microsoft might as well patent the multiplication tables , " Piel said .
Because such a patent could potentially hobble an entire scientific field , evolutionary biologists will surely be keeping a closer eye on Microsoft 's newfound interest in gene - splicing software . ®
The ban was imposed as President Nicolas Sarkozy 's government is considering an outright ban on all Islamic dress , such as the head - to - toe burka or niqab , that it considers a " sign of subservience " and " not welcome " in France .
4 takeaways from the most juvenile debate in history
4 takeaways from the most juvenile debate in history
Oregon man dies in 100 - foot fall off cliff into ocean
Oregon man dies in 100 - foot fall off cliff into ocean
Athletes had one simple message after chaotic debate
Athletes had one simple message after chaotic debate
kill her family with a gallon of milk
Still have questions ?
Get your answers by asking now .
It has been several weeks since there was a fresh rumor about Apple 's fabled tablet computer or a supposed netbook , so thank the maker that we now have new speculation about what Apple might be doing .
According to a report from China Times ( English translation ) , at least three companies connected to Apple 's supply chain have received " direct orders " from Apple to build what is alternately referred to as either a netbook or a tablet .
The report seems to confirm an earlier rumor that Apple would be sourcing 9.7 " touchscreens from Wintek for the device , giving further credence that the device will have a tablet form factor as opposed to a tiny laptop known as a netbook .
However , it conflicts with that same report by naming Foxconn as the manufacturing partner as opposed to previously rumored Quanta , which manufactures MacBooks .
Dynapack , known for its rechargeable batteries , is also said to have received an order from Apple related to the device .
China
Times claims that its sources are reliable , and those sources indicate that the device will launch in October for the holiday shopping season for around $ 800 .
This is in contrast to netbooks , which generally sell for around $ 300 - 500 ; iPhones and iPod touches , which sell for around $ 200 - 300 ; and Apple 's notebook line , which starts at $ 999 .
The preponderance of evidence — several patents on related technology , rumors that point to specific technology partners , and COO Tim Cook 's suggestion that Apple has " ideas " to compete with netbooks — seems to point to Apple readying something along the lines of a rumored tablet .
But we still believe that introducing a third platform — a sort of not - quite - an - iPhone , not - quite - a- Mac no man 's land for developers — does n't present the best business case for Apple .
And , frankly , $ 800 seems like a high price to pay for a portable device that does n't really have the best benefits of either an iPhone ( pocket - sized ) or a laptop ( full keyboard ) .
For the time being , we remain skeptical of the reported details , as they just do n't quite add up .
Washington , D.C. , March 14 , 2000 – Today 's Washington
Post features an op -ed on page A17 titled " Hardly a Distinguished Career , " written by National Security Archive director Tom Blanton and commenting on the CIA 's decision to award the Distinguished Career Intelligence Medal to the highest - ranking CIA official fired in a 1995 scandal for failing to inform Congress about the CIA 's ties to human rights abuses in Guatemala .
THE DOCUMENTS Document 1 : The Biographic Register , U.S. Department of State , July 1973 , p. 402 According to State Department biographical registers and journalistic accounts , the official , Terry R. Ward , started his career at the CIA in the early 1960s , initially in Laos as a paramilitary officer .
He then served under diplomatic cover in a series of CIA stations in Latin America : Argentina in 1965 to 1968 , the Dominican Republic from 1968 to 1970 , Bolivia from 1970 to 1972 , Venezuela from 1973 to 1975 , and Peru from 1975 to 1977 .
By the middle 1980s , he had risen to the position of deputy chief of the Latin American division of the CIA 's directorate of operations .
In 1987 and 1988 , he was station chief in Honduras , supervising the CIA 's Nicaraguan contra operation .
In early 1989 , he returned to CIA headquarters in Langley , Virginia , as chief of the Latin American division .
In 1993 he became station chief in Switzerland , where he was when CIA director John Deutch fired him in 1995 .
For reasons of privacy , we have deleted the name of Ward 's wife .
Document 2 : CIA Training Manual , " KUBARK Counterintelligence Interrogation , " July 1963 ( excerpt ) .
Document 3 : CIA Training Manual , " Human Resource Exploitation Training Manual , " 1983 ( excerpt ) .
The CIA used two secret manuals during Terry Ward 's career to train Latin American militaries and security services in interrogating suspects , one titled " KUBARK Counterintelligence Interrogation - July 1963 , " and a updated version titled " Human Resource Exploitation Training Manual - 1983 . "
These two documents were declassified in January 1997 in response to a 1994 Freedom of Information Act request by the Baltimore Sun , and the Sun 's threat of a lawsuit under FOIA .
The Sun headlined its report on the documents ( 27 January 1997 , by Gary Cohn , Ginger Thompson , and Mark Matthews ) as " Torture was taught by CIA . "
The Sun 's story noted the admonition on page 46 of the 1963 manual that when planning an interrogation room , " the electric current should be known in advance , so that transformers or other modifying devices will be on hand if needed . "
The Sun reported that " ... this referred to the application of electric shocks to interrogation suspects . "
The 1963 manual included a 22 - page section titled " The Coercive Counterintelligence Interrogation of Resistant Sources , " which on page 100 admonishes that " drugs ( and the other aids discussed in this section ) should not be used persistently to facilitate the interrogative debriefing that follows capitulation .
Their function is to cause capitulation , to aid in the shift from resistance to cooperation .
Once this shift has been accomplished , coercive techniques should be abandoned both for moral reasons and because they are unnecessary and even counter - productive . "
The 1983 manual as declassified included numerous revisions made by CIA apparently in July 1984 in the wake of public revelations about a CIA " assassination " manual used by the Nicaraguan contras .
The revisions added a full page following the table of contents labeled " Prohibition against use of force , " and overwrote in hand - printed letters most of the manual 's references to " coercive techniques . "
For example , the 1983 sentence on the second page of the introduction read " While we do not stress the use of coercive techniques , we do want to make you aware of them and the proper way to use them . "
The 1984 revisions overwrote " do not stress " with the word " deplore " and replaced the phrase " the proper way to use them " with the phrase " so that you may avoid them . "
Document 4 : CIA Inspector General , " Report of Investigation : Selected Issues Relating to CIA Activities in Honduras in the 1980s , " August 27 , 1997 ( and related documents ) .
The CIA Inspector General 's secret report titled " Selected Issues Relating to CIA Activities in Honduras in the 1980s " is dated 27 August 1997 , and was declassified in September 1998 as the result of repeated requests by members of Congress and the National Security Archive on behalf of the Honduran human rights commissioner , Leo Valladares Lanza .
Triggered by a series of reports by New York Times reporter James Lemoyne , the IG report detailed CIA 's knowledge of human rights abuses in Honduras , including the activities of the Honduran death squad ELACH working for the 316th Battalion of Honduran military intelligence .
The 316th Battalion was specifically formed in the early 1980s to support the CIA 's program to interdict arms flows through Honduras from Nicaragua to the Salvadoran guerrillas -- the rationale given to Congress for the CIA 's development of the Nicaraguan contras .
Although heavily censored , the IG report and related documents confirmed that the CIA failed to followup CIA director William Casey 's 1986 commitment to Congress that the Agency would investigate ELACH and Battalion 316 .
Although the 316 Battalion was formally disbanded in September 1987 , during Terry Ward 's tenure as Honduras station chief , an 18 February 1995 CIA cable concluded that " Although the CI [ counterintelligence ] division [ under the Honduran armed forces chief of staff for intelligence , or C - 2 ] retained some of the 316th military intel battalion 's functions and personnel [ two lines deleted ] , a considerable number of the unit 's personnel , sub-units and functions , such as analysis centers , were transferred to other sections within the C - 2 . "
In February 2000 , the Honduran government announced that it would begin to pay reparations , initially in the amount of $ 2.1 million , to the families of 19 of the 184 acknowledged victims murdered by the 316 Battalion ( see " Reparations for  Disappeared ' Hondurans , " in the Washington Post , 24 February 2000 ) .
Document 5 : Excerpts from journalist Sam Dillon 's book , Comandos : The CIA and Nicaragua 's Contra Rebels ( New York : Henry Holt , 1991 , 393 pp . )
These excerpts describe ( 1 ) the State Department - funded investigation in 1986 and 1987 that established repeated instances of the murder or torture of prisoners by the Nicaraguan contras based in Honduras ( pp. 197-201 ) ; ( 2 ) the contra 's 1987 " counterintelligence " campaign within their own ranks , which included CIA polygraph experts as well as routine torture and indefinite detention while the contras ' CIA handlers " turned the other way " ( pp. 194-195 ) ; and ( 3 ) Terry Ward 's role with the contras ( pp. 222-223 ) .
Document 6 : CIA Cable , From : Chief , Latin America Branch , To : Immediate Director , " Station Investigation of Human Rights Violations in Guatemala , " October 15 , 1991 .
On October 15 , 1991 , the CIA station in Guatemala sent an " eyes only " cable to Mr. Ward ( identified as " Chief / LA " ) titled " Station investigation of human rights violations in Guatemala . "
Summarizing the murder of U.S. citizen Michael Devine , the cable states that " the entire command structure of the military zone where the killing took place was controlled by men known to be capable of murder under the most casual pretext . "
At least one of those commanders was a paid CIA asset .
After discussing several other cases , the cable concludes by reporting that " the extrajudicial killing of certain categories of persons is almost routine . "
Document 7 : President 's Intelligence Oversight Board , " Report on the Guatemala Review , " June 28 , 1996 ( excerpt ) .
On June 28 , 1996 , the President 's Intelligence Oversight Board reported that during the period of Mr. Ward 's direction of Latin American operations , the CIA provided " vital " funding , ranging from $ 1 million to $ 3.5 million per year , to the Guatemalan military intelligence services ( the D - 2 and the Department of Presidential Security ) whose human rights records " were generally known to have been reprehensible by all who were familiar with Guatemala . "
The Board said " we learned that in the period since 1984 , several CIA assets were credibly alleged to have ordered , planned , or participated in serious human rights violations such as assassination , extrajudicial execution , torture , or kidnapping while they were assets -- and that the CIA was contemporaneously aware of many of the allegations . "
The Board found Mr. Ward " derelict " in not ensuring accurate information went to Congress about the Devine case specifically and the Guatemala human rights situation generally -- the offense cited by CIA director John Deutch when he dismissed Mr. Ward in 1995 .
The June 1996 Oversight Board report went on to express alarm that until 1996 , the CIA had never established guidance for balancing the value of an asset 's information against other U.S. interests , such as " moral implications , the damage to U.S. objectives in promoting greater respect for human rights , the loss of confidence in the intelligence community among members of Congress and the public , and the effect of such relationships on the ethical climate within U.S. intelligence agencies . "
The resulting " scrub " of CIA assets , according to the Post's R. Jeffrey Smith ( March 2 , 1997 , p. A1 ) , " dropped more than a thousand secret informants from its worldwide payroll " for lack of productivity , criminality or human rights abuses .
Smith wrote , " A disproportionately high number of informants dropped for such abuses were employed in Latin America during the 1980s and early 1990s . "
This was the peak of Terry Ward 's CIA career .
Did Terry
Ward train torturers ?
Did Terry
Ward recruit human rights abusers and non-performing assets ?
We do n't know for sure .
Conversely , did Terry Ward 's work save lives and make the U.S. more secure ?
Again , we do n't know .
The declassified record tells us only that he was " derelict " in his Constitutional duty to inform Congress of Guatemalan human rights abuses , that he failed to followup the CIA 's commitment to investigate the Honduran military 's death squad , that he looked the other way when the Nicaraguan contras tortured their prisoners , that he kept on the CIA payroll Guatemalan officers who were murderers , and that he was a senior official in a system that rewarded CIA case officers for the recruitment of assets regardless of the damage done to U.S. interests such as promoting human rights or civilian control of foreign militaries .
Tom Blanton is the director of George Washington University 's National Security Archive , which helped the U.N. historical clarification commission in Guatemala and the Honduran human rights commissioner get declassified U.S. documents on human rights abuses in those countries .
Michael Evans , Tamara Feinstein , Catherine Nielsen , and Carlos Osorio assisted with the research for this article and electronic briefing book .
If you ’re looking for a game that will let you get to know your partner better , and at the same time entertain both of you , [ … ]
Joseph " John " Merrick is an intelligent and friendly man , but he is hated by his Victorian - era English society because he is severely deformed .
Once he is discovered by a doctor , however , he is saved from his life in a freak show and he is treated like the human being that he really is .
Written by Sam Cibula
( CNN ) -- NASA has released new pictures of the Earth showing the vast extent of Wednesday 's spectacular solar eclipse .
A Japanese satellite took this image of the eclipse an hour before totality .
more photos »
The longest solar eclipse of the century cast a wide shadow for several minutes over Asia and the Pacific Ocean , luring millions outside to watch the spectacle .
Day turned into night , temperatures turned cooler in cities and villages teemed with amateur stargazers .
The total eclipse started in India on Wednesday morning and moved eastward across Nepal , Bangladesh , Bhutan , Vietnam , China and parts of the Pacific .
Watch the ' exceptional ' eclipse »
NASA said the two images , left , were taken from a Japanese satellite .
Read about when the lights went out in Asia
The first showed the Earth at 8.30 a.m. local time in Taiwan and the second , an hour later , when the moon completely overlapped the sun ( called totality ) casting a huge shadow over the area .
The longest period of totality occurred over the Pacific , where the total eclipse lasted more than six minutes , NASA said .
View the eclipse in pictures »
Total eclipses occur about twice a year as the moon passes between the Earth and the sun on the same plane as Earth 's orbit .
and rare .
( March 22 , 2020 ) I think that this method is useful and I will try that .
Thanks for sharing . "
... "
" I am from Iran .
We are fighting the coronavirus and need alcohol to use at our hospitals .
But ethanol is expensive
Against all odds , GM and Segway let us inside their precious P.U.M.A. prototype , and we went for a quick jaunt down 18th St .
We could n't drive it , unfortunately , but there was plenty of action to be had from the passenger side .
Starting from a rest on four wheels -- the main powered wheels and the front two " safety " wheels ; we never touched the back two to the ground -- the contraption shoves itself up onto two wheels quite gracefully , with the passenger compartment moving slightly independently from the wheelbase and floor .
It was a bit odd , but not at all unpleasant , and we were soon zipping down the road .
Since the P.U.M.A. is self - balancing , we felt way less force when accelerating and decelerating than we would in a car , since our body was being " leaned " into it instead of pulled along .
Turning on a dime is quite fun as well , and we could see this thing making itself quite at home on city streets .
While it remains to be seen if GM and Segway can commercialize this in time , and for the right price , we 're fairly enamored -- at least it 's something different , and it 's already twice as interesting as Segway ever managed to be .
Camera work and moral support courtesy of Autoblog Green 's Sebastian Blanco
[ Haskell - cafe ] ANN : package Boolean : Generalized booleans
I just uploaded a new package [ 1 ] for generalized booleans , which provides type classes with generalizations of boolean values & operations , if - then - else , Eq and Ord .
These values & types come up for me with every new deep DSEL , and I think they do for others as well .
The design space has some tricky trade - offs , and I 'm not positive I 've found the optimum yet .
Users & comments are very welcome .
Please direct discussion to the haskell - cafe list ( rather than haskell list ) . [ 1 ] :
http://hackage.haskell.org/cgi-bin/hackage-scripts/package/Boolean - Conal -------------- next part
--------------
An HTML attachment was scrubbed ...
URL : http://www.haskell.org/pipermail/haskell-cafe/attachments/20090629/0796a5ed/attachment.html
Leading figures from the African National Congress , family and friends gathered to help Nelson Mandela celebrate his 91st birthday at his Johannesburg home on Saturday A steady stream of well - wishers arrived at Mr Mandela 's house in Houghton , and Happy Birthday was sung - in English and his native Xhosa tongue Family members were well represented , and Mr Mandela 's former wife Winnie Madikizela also paid a birthday visit Despite increasing frailty , Mr Mandela got down to the serious business of blowing out candles on his ANC - themed cake - but may have been relieved not to have to deal with a full set of 91 An " inspiration to the world " , was the tribute from President Jacob Zuma , who was among those who dropped in for the celebrations
This year South Africa is marking 18 July as Mandela Day - when people are encouraged to do voluntary work in their own communities , for example at this soup kitchen The Nelson Mandela Foundation hopes Mandela Day will become an annual event and that people around the world will take up the challenge Later , in New York , artists and musicians , including singer Will .
I. Am , Wyclef Jean , Lil ' Kim and Gloria Gaynor , performed at Mandela Day : A 46664 Celebration Concert .
Carla Bruni , an international ambassador for HIV / Aids charities , sang in public for the first time since her marriage to French President Nicolas Sarkozy , who was watching the show .
Also on stage were singer Queen Latifah and actor Morgan Freeman , who has been cast to play Mandela in a film biography of his life .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend
AP / Shutterstock
AMONG classic - car buffs California is widely derided for its lead in setting pollution standards in America .
Its tougher laws were at the root of the replacement in the early 1970s of the sleek and gorgeous early E - type Jaguars with an altogether less svelte model with fatter body and gaping grille .
California 's elevated standards and President Barack Obama 's commitment to tackling climate change now look set to have a much more far - reaching effect on the car industry .
On Tuesday May 19th America 's president announced plans to set strict new rules for fuel economy , to the acclaim of environmentalists and the acquiescence of Americas beleaguered car industry .
Mr Obama 's new rules will bring together a jumble of efforts by various authorities to regulate vehicle emissions and fuel efficiency .
The new regulations will require cars to average 39 miles per gallon ( mpg ) and light trucks 30 mpg across a manufacturer 's range of vehicles , to be phased in by 2016 .
This looks like a tall order for carmakers .
They already feared a law enacted in 2007 that had the same tight standards but a deadline of 2020 .
And the White House reckons average fuel efficiency is currently a measly 25 mpg .
Current corporate average fuel economy ( CAFE ) standards , introduced in 1985 , require a fleet average of 27.5 mpg from new cars .
Alongside updated CAFE standards the Obama administration will impose for the first time nationwide limits on emissions of carbon dioxide and other pollutants .
The greenhouse - gas emissions rules , overseen by the Environmental Protection Agency ( EPA ) will be harmonised with fuel - economy rules set by the Transportation Department , though the latter will , in effect , serve to restrict the former .
In return for the stiff fuel - economy measures California will drop plans to impose its own stringent rules on greenhouse gases , the state 's attempt to introduce fuel - economy measures .
A federal law passed in 1990 gave California the right to set its own standards for car emissions and allowed other states either to follow suit or stick to limits set by the EPA .
California 's attempts to make cars less polluting had been bitterly resisted by both carmakers and President George Bush .
In practice California 's rules tend to override milder national regulations , as it is cheaper to follow them than to produce different vehicles , despite the size and importance of the state 's car market .
California originally proposed tough emissions targets in 2002 and passed a law in 2004 ( and since then 13 states and the District of Columbia said that they planned to adopt the same rules ) .
This was blocked by the Bush administration , which refused to grant California a waiver to federal laws , and was followed by a slew of lawsuits from car companies ( which will also now probably be abandoned ) .
But shortly after taking office in January , Mr Obama signalled his intentions to make America 's cars more fuel - efficient by instructing the EPA to reconsider California 's application for a waiver .
By acting to make national rules himself Mr Obama hopes to please environmentalists by cutting exhaust gases , which account for 16.4 % of America 's total emissions , by nearly a third .
Car companies may also take some cheer that a potential patchwork of fuel economy and emission legislation will be replaced by one national standard .
But the drastic cuts will force rapid changes to product line - ups for homegrown carmakers that are in deep trouble .
Mr Obama is keen that America 's car industry , currently attempting to remodel in bankruptcy protection ( Chrysler ) or close to it ( General Motors ) , quickly turns green .
The generous federal bail - outs and restructuring plans that hand the government big stakes in both companies will give Mr Obama much leverage to make it happen .
Car companies are also keen to reorganise their product lines to include electric , hybrid and smaller cars though they are less - profitable than gas - guzzlers .
Doubts remain over whether American consumers are ready for a rapid switch to smaller , fuel - sipping cars .
Soon they will not have much other choice .
• A daily summary of global reports on security issues .
The US is mulling harsh sanctions on Iran by the end of this year if Tehran does not curb its nuclear program , according to news reports .
The reports came as hard - line Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad was formally endorsed for a second term by Supreme Leader Ayatollah Ali Khamenei in a ceremony Monday boycotted by leading opposition figures who dismissed the election result as a sham , reports Reuters .
The BBC said the US had already consulted on the sanctions plan with Israel and its European allies .
The sanctions under consideration would bar shipments of refined petroleum products and byproducts to Iran , put restrictions on the purchase of Iranian gas and oil , and tighten rules on investments in Iran 's oil industry .
Such an embargo could be a serious blow to Iran 's economy , since it has little refining capability of its own .
But the sanctions would require cooperation from China and Russia to be effective .
The timetable is for an assessment to be made of Iran 's intentions in the last week of September , when world leaders always gather in New York for the annual meeting of the UN General Assembly .
There would also be discussions at a G20 summit in Pittsburgh the same week .
If Iran continued to resist freezing its enrichment activities and failed to agree to discuss its nuclear program , then sanctions would be imposed , or at least realistically threatened , by the end of this year .
Meanwhile , The Times of London reported Monday that Iran could build a nuclear bomb within a year , citing anonymous " Western intelligence sources . "
The sources told The Times that such a project could be initiated at any time , on an order from Ayatollah Khamenei .
" If the Supreme Leader takes the decision [ to build a bomb ] , we assess they have to enrich low - enriched uranium to highly - enriched uranium at the Natanz plant , which could take six months , depending on how many centrifuges are operating .
We do n't know if the decision was made yet , " said the intelligence sources .
Another six months would be needed to assemble a warhead , the article said .
According to the intelligence sources , an Iranian nuclear weapons research program was indeed halted in 2003 , as has been widely reported .
But that , said the Times ' sources , was because it achieved its goal : Iranian scientists successfully created a method to weaponize uranium , giving them the ability to make a nuclear warhead that could be fit atop its long - range missiles .
( Click here for a 2005 map of Iranian nuclear facilities from the Carnegie Endowment . )
However , the Times assessment differs significantly from three major reports this year : one by the US Senate Foreign Relations Committee ( PDF ) , a joint assessment by Russian and American scientists , and a report by RAND Corp .
A Christian Science Monitor briefing on Iran 's nuclear program , published in June and based on these reports , notes that while it would take only a year for Iran to develop a simple nuclear device , it would take six to eight years to develop a nuclear bomb that could be delivered by ballistic missile .
In a report in June , the International Crisis Group said Iran will not compromise on its right to enrich uranium , and that it most wants the US to " change the way it sees and treats Iran . "
The group noted that economic sanctions had already hurt Iran , but that such sanctions were " highly unlikely to produce meaningful policy shifts , " because " Iran 's decision - making on core strategic issues is only marginally affected by economic considerations . "
Indeed , the leadership in Tehran actually benefits from tensions with the United States , the group said .
Hostility toward the U.S. is one of its ideological pillars ; economic adversity can be blamed on sanctions , while technological success – notably in the nuclear field – can be hailed as a powerful symbol of resistance against Western powers .
The greater tensions are with Washington , the easier it is for the regime to rally supporters , suppress dissent and invoke national unity against a common enemy .
Summer Rain Starsky
SIX ORGANS OF ADMITTANCE Fire On Rain // NATURAL SNOW BUILDINGS Rain Serenade // NEIL YOUNG See the Sky About to Rain // REPERATA & THE DELRONS I Can Hear The Rain // SKEETER DAVIS Raining In My Heart // THE HILLSIDERS Rain Is A Lonesome Thing // THE MEMORIES I Went Walking In The Rain // THE JESUS & MARY CHAIN In The Rain // KAREN DALTON Little Bit Of Rain // GIANT SAND Dirty From The Rain // EDDIE FLOYD Oh , How It Rained // ROY ORBISON Here Comes The Rain , Baby // PEANUT Thank Goodness For The Rain // MARMELADE I See The Rain // STEVIE WONDER Purple Rain Drops // FRANK SINATRA A Garden In The Rain // ASTRUD GILBERTO The Gentle Rain // THE PASTELS Summer Rain // THE BEATLES Rain ( take 7 ) // THE CHOSEN FEW In The Rain // DIRTY THREE Rain On // SIX ORGANS OF ADMITTANCE Rain On Fire
LOS ANGELES ( Reuters ) -
The amino acid glycine , a fundamental building block of proteins , has been found in a comet for the first time , bolstering the theory that raw ingredients of life arrived on Earth from outer space , scientists said on Monday .
Slideshow ( 5 images )
Microscopic traces of glycine were discovered in a sample of particles retrieved from the tail of comet Wild 2 by the NASA spacecraft Stardust deep in the solar system some 242 million miles ( 390 million km ) from Earth , in January 2004 .
Samples of gas and dust collected on a small dish lined with a super - fluffy material called aerogel were returned to Earth two years later in a canister that detached from the spacecraft and landed by parachute in the Utah desert .
Comets like Wild 2 , named for astronomer Paul Wild ( pronounced Vild ) , are believed to contain well - preserved grains of material dating from the dawn of the solar system billions of years ago , and thus clues to the formation of the sun and planets .
The initial detection of glycine , the most common of 20 amino acids in proteins on Earth , was reported last year , but it took time for scientists to confirm that the compound in question was extraterrestrial in origin .
“ We could n’t be sure it was n’t from the manufacturing or the handling of the spacecraft , ” said astrobiologist Jamie Elsila of NASA ’s Goddard Space Flight Center in Greenbelt , Maryland , the principal author of the latest research .
She presented the findings , accepted for publication in the journal Meteoritics and Planetary Science , to a meeting of the American Chemical Society in Washington , D.C. , this week .
“ We ’ve seen amino acids in meteorites before , but this is the first time it ’s been detected in a comet , ” she said .
Chains of amino acids are strung together to form protein molecules in everything from hair to the enzymes that regulate chemical reactions inside living organisms .
But scientists have long puzzled over whether these complex organic compounds originated on Earth or in space .
The latest findings add credence to the notion that extraterrestrial objects such as meteorites and comets may have seeded ancient Earth , and other planets , with the raw materials of life that formed elsewhere in the cosmos .
“ The discovery of glycine in a comet supports the idea that the fundamental building blocks of life are prevalent in space , and strengthens the argument that life in the universe may be common rather than rare , ” said Carl Pilcher , the director of the NASA Astrobiology Institute in California , which co-funded the research .
Glycine and other amino acids have been found in a number of meteorites before , most notably one that landed near the town of Murchison , Australia in 1969 , Elsila said .
Chip Lewis has earned his reputation as the “ go to guy ” for anyone who needs the best representation in the criminal justice system .
His experience and determination have produced unmatched results for his clients .
Chip and his team of former prosecutors provide aggressive criminal defense for people who are under investigation for , have been arrested for , are charged with , or have been convicted of White Collar crimes , drug offenses , DWI / DUI , fraud , and other offenses .
Our firm also provide investigation and representation services to businesses – and individuals – who have been victimized and need help starting or navigating the legal process .
Chip has represented such notable clients as Robert Durst , Ken Lay , Osiel Cardenas Guillen , Robert Angleton amongst many others .
Our firm stands ready to help you now .
Feel free to contact our office directly .
Military - backed researchers have built a tiny drone that looks and flies like a hummingbird , flapping its little robotic wings to stay in the air .
So far , the mock bird , built for Pentagon mad - science division Darpa , has only stayed aloft for 20 seconds at a time .
But that short flight was enough to show the potential of a whole new class of miniature spies , inspired by nature .
Darpa just handed AeroVironment , makers of the winged “ nano air vehicle , ” another $ 2.1 million to build a humming bot 2.0 .
Ultimately , Darpa program manager Todd Hylton says in a statement , he ’d like see “ an approximately 10 - gram aircraft that can hover for extended periods , can fly at forward speeds up to 10 meters per second , can withstand 2.5 - meter - per - second wind gusts . ”
He also wants the nano air vehicle to operate inside buildings , and be controllable from up to a kilometer away .
AeroVironment , for its part , does n’t just want its little drone to fly like a bird .
The company wants the thing to look like one , too :
Via Wired
This week after writing about my latest Google Voice Invite , I received about 30 emails asking How - To request a Google Voice Invite to setup an account .
So , instead of answering all the emails , I appropriately figured I ’d just write up the 30 - second How - To process .
6/23/2010 Update – Google Voice Goes Public !
Get Invite Now !
How - To Request a Google Voice Invite
1. Go to http://voice.google.com and Click Get an Invite
2. Fill in your Name and Email Address and Click Submit
All done !
I told you it was simple . ;)
Google is sending out these invitations in mass so I “ highly ” recommend requesting an invite if you want to try out the service .
If your wondering if you should sign - up , take a look at the initial review of the service I wrote up a few months back .
Also , stay tuned as I plan on writing about Google Voice for the next several days .
Egal , ob die Piratenpartei in den Bundestag einziehen wird oder nicht : Das , was die Partei , ihre Mitglieder , ihre Anhänger und Kritiker derzeit präsentieren , sollte mit großer Aufmerksamkeit verfolgt werden .
Nicht nur , aber ganz besonders von amtierenden Politikern .
Denn es zeigt in allen Facetten , wie Demokratie in digitalen Zeiten funktionieren kann .
Und vielleicht auch , wie nicht .
Das Internet , bei einigen Herrschaften noch immer als Hort der menschlichen Entgleisungen und Sammelbecken für die Nichtschwimmer des „ echten “ Lebens verpöhnt , hat Strukturen geschaffen , die jedem Demokraten Freudentränen in die Augen treiben müssen .
Umfragen , Debatten , Dialoge , aber auch Formalitäten und administrative Wichtigkeiten sind viel einfacher und schneller umzusetzen und auszuwerten als je zuvor , und vor allem der direkte Rückkanal , die wirkliche Beteiligung aller und der Einfluss der Wähler auf die politische Klasse brauchen keine Lippenbekenntnisse mehr zu sein .
Es bleibt daher ein Rätsel , weshalb die Integration der vorhandenen Technologie in Prozesse mit positiven Effekten für die Demokratie so schleppend vorankommt , wenn sie in anderen , für die Bevölkerung weniger einsichtigen und eher negativen Bereichen innerhalb weniger Monate umgesetzt werden kann .
Die Vorratsdatenspeicherung , der biometrische Ausweis , der gewünschte Dauerzugriff auf private Computer , die Schaffung von Zensur - Infrastrukturen , Einflussnahme auf die Netzneutralität — was davon noch nicht Realität ist , steht demnächst an .
Man muss kein Anhänger von Verschwörungstheorien sein um zu dem Schluss zu kommen , dass der offensichtliche Kontrollwahn des Staates und der Einfluss von Unternehmen , die ihre Techniken an selbigen verkaufen wollen , größer auf die Entwicklung der digitalen Gesellschaft ist als diese selbst .
Und dann kommt die Piratenpartei daher und versucht es einfach mal anders .
Mit einer Mischung aus Idealismus , Überzeugung und Naivität werden Prozesse transparent umgesetzt , Detail - Diskussionen öffentlich geführt und Beteiligung leicht möglich gemacht .
Bisherige Wähler werden zu Politikern , interne Herausforderungen werden zum öffentlichen Thema .
Ein demokratischer Traum , eigentlich .
Dass die Realität dabei nicht ganz so leicht zu bewältigen ist , sollte niemanden überraschen .
Wenn der Fall Bodo
Thiesen , der bereits zu einer Verwarnung geführt hatte , nun in den wenigen Tagen der erneuten Diskussion eine Distanzierung des Vorstands , eine öffentliche Stellungnahme Thiesens inklusive teils heftiger Debatte derselben sowie einen darauf folgenden Offenen Brief einzelner Mitglieder mit sich bringt , dann ist das nichts anderes als gelebte Demokratie im digitalen Zeitalter .
Es ist verständlich und sollte daher ohne Häme beobachtet werden , wenn sich dabei unterschiedlichste Stimmen aus den eigenen Reihen zu Wort melden .
Da gibt es diejenigen , die für zukünftige Fälle eine bessere Öffentlichkeitsarbeit , also professionelle PR fordern , die anderen , die schnelle und klare Konsequenzen vom Vorstand erwarten , weitere , die sich hinter Thiesen stellen und auch Mitglieder , welche die Debatte komplett beendet , mindestens pausiert sehen wollen , um eine „ Hetzjagd “ auf Bodo Thiesen zu verhindern .
Wie so oft haben alle irgendwie Recht , aus ihrer Sicht .
Und wie so oft muss am Ende dennoch jemand Entscheidungen treffen — entweder ein dazu berufener Vorstand , der , egal wie er sich entscheiden wird , schon jetzt mit einer erneut darauf folgenden Diskussion zu rechnen hat , oder eine Mehrheit , die ihre Sichtweise gegen eine Minderheit durchsetzt , die damit nicht glücklich sein wird .
Die Fragen , die sich auf dem
Weg zu einer Entscheidung und sicher noch danach stellen , begleiten die Piratenpartei derzeit nur exemplarisch für die gesamte digitale Gesellschaft , für alle , die sich nicht nur als passive Nutzer eines Mediums , sondern als aktiver Teil sehen : Wieviel „ gewaltlose Meinung “ kann ein einzelner Mensch ertragen , wieviel Diskussion über seine Person ?
Welche Schlüsse ziehen Verfechter der uneingeschränkten Meinungsfreiheit daraus , wenn sie sich dazu genötigt sehen , für ein Ende einer Debatte und damit der Meinungsäußerung anderer einzutreten ?
Gibt es einen Zeitpunkt , an dem Transparenz wichtige Prozesse nachteilig beeinflussen kann ?
Kann die Zivilgesellschaft wirklich alles ohne Regeln regeln ?
( Diese Fragen knüpfen auch an die Debatte an , die wir hier geführt haben )
Nicht nur die Piratenpartei wird , so darf man hoffen , aus diesen Experimenten lernen , wird Positives ausbauen und Negatives mit Unterstützung ihrer Anhänger korrigieren .
Und es liegt nicht allein an ihr , sondern an allen Teilnehmern , ob das Netz in naher Zukunft als digitaler Rauflernstall oder als demokratieförderndes Medium gelten kann .
Gerade weil diese Experimente im beschränkten Verantwortungsrahmen der Piratenpartei und bei überschaubarer Teilnehmerzahl noch recht einfach möglich sind , kann die Diskussion allen politisch Interessierten nur gut tun .
Denn das , was bei den aktuell geführten Debatten herauskommt , kann erkenntnisreicher sein als millionenschwere Studien .
Und in Sachen Wahl - Werbespots können dann die Agenturen mal genauer hinsehen .
Piratenspot „ Klarmachen zum Ändern “ 2009 from Christopher Grabinski on Vimeo .
Ah yes , the Glenn Beck citizen patriots !
They turned out in force last night to disrupt yet another town hall meeting on health care reform .
I wonder when the union members start showing up ?
( Read Bill Mann 's Four Creative Ways to Deal with Right - Wing Rent - a- Mobs .
Great ideas ! )
From the St. Pete Times , one account :
TAMPA – Bitter divisions over reforming America 's health care system exploded Thursday night in Tampa amid cat calls , jeering and shoving at a town hall meeting .
" Tyranny !
Tyranny ! Tyranny ! " dozens of people shouted as U.S. Rep.
Kathy Castor struggled to talk about health insurance reforms under consideration in Washington , D.C .
" There is more consensus than there is disagreement when you get right down to it , " Castor offered , immediately drowned out by groans and boos .
She pressed on , mostly unheard among the screams from the audience of more than 200 .
" Tell the truth !
Tell the truth ! "
" Read the bill ! "
" Forty - million illegals !
Forty million illegals ! "
The spectacle at the Children 's Board in Ybor City sounded more like a wrestling cage match than a panel discussion on national policy , and it was just the latest example of a health care meeting disrupted by livid protesters .
Similar scenes are likely to be repeated across the country as lawmakers head back to their home districts for the summer recess .
Thursday 's forum / near riot was sponsored by state Rep. Betty Reed , D - Tampa , and the Service Employees International Union , who apparently had hoped to hold something of a pep rally for President Obama 's health care reform proposal .
Instead , hundreds of vocal critics turned out , many of them saying they had been spurred on through the Tampa 912 activist group promoted by conservative radio and television personality Glenn Beck .
Others had received e-mails from the Hillsborough Republican party that urged people to speak out against the plan and offered talking points to challenge supporters .
An overflow crowd of critics was left waiting outside the building – and in some cases pounding on the meeting room doors – while health care reform activists complained that Democrats and union members were guided into the room for prime seats .
" They can't even run a meeting , and they want to run health care ? , " scoffed Kevin Grant , a Tampa printing business owner , standing near someone wielding a " Shame on you America .
You sold your soul to the Devil " sign .
Google said that it had already patched the weakness Apple has released a software patch to address a recently described security flaw in the iPhone .
Experts revealed on Thursday that modified SMS messages could result in iPhones being disconnected from the network or hijacked altogether .
Apple said phones incorporating other mobile operating systems , such as Windows Mobile and Google Android , were also potentially vulnerable .
It added that no - one had actually used the flaw to gain access to an iPhone .
A spokesperson for O2 , the iPhone 's service provider in the UK , said : " We will be communicating to customers both through the website and proactively .
We always recommend our customers update their iPhone with the latest software and this is no different . "
Access all areas Charlie Miller and Collin Mulliner told the Black Hat conference in Las Vegas that the hack works by slightly modifying the data - sent by the network and which the user does not see - that arrives as part of a text message .
The system that processes such messages is similar across different operating systems and can , once compromised , gain access across a range of applications including a phone 's address book or camera .
The team say that hackers could develop programs to exploit the weakness in as little as two weeks , but told the conference that publicising the means of attack was necessary to ensure the problem was addressed .
" If we do n't talk about it , somebody is going to do it silently .
The bad guys are going to do it no matter what , " Mr Mulliner , an independent security expert , said .
The team wrote software to exploit the weakness , targeting iPhones on four networks in Germany as well as AT&T in the US .
However , they believe it would work equally well in any country .
The approach is particularly dangerous because messages are delivered automatically , and users cannot tell that they have received the malicious code .
The problem could be fixed by directly patching the vulnerability in smartphones ' operating systems , or the network providers could scan for messages that look to be trying to gain access to phones via the malicious code .
The researchers said they had informed Google of the hack and that the company had already taken steps to address the problem .
The Black Hat gathering , part of a leading series of conferences for information and computer security experts , took place from 25 to 30 July .
Apple were not available to comment on the flaw .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
The alleged shooter in this month 's deadly attack at the Holocaust Memorial Museum in Washington is not yet capable of coming to court , a judge declared Tuesday .
Museum shooting suspect James von Brunn remains in a Washington hospital .
James von Brunn , an 88 - year - old World War II veteran , is still hospitalized in stable condition after being shot by security officers at the museum .
He is accused of opening fire and killing a guard who had opened a door for him .
Von Brunn has not had an initial court appearance on charges against him , including first - degree murder and killing while in possession of a firearm in a federal facility .
" Yesterday we received a call from the doctor at the department of corrections saying Mr. von Brunn is not able to appear in court this week , " prosecutor Nicole Waid told the judge during a status hearing Tuesday .
" We are not sure about next week . "
Because of federal medical privacy laws , U.S. Magistrate Judge John Facciola then held a bench conference out of earshot of spectators to learn more details about von Brunn 's medical condition and whether the hearing could be held at von Brunn 's bedside .
After the briefing with prosecutors and public defender A.J. Kramer , the judge said , " I am convinced by the personal observations of Mr. Kramer who saw the defendant a day or two ago that we are not able to conduct an initial appearance at the hospital . "
Kramer , as he left the courtroom , told reporters von Brunn cannot walk , and suggested that he is unable to speak .
" He can respond , " Kramer said , but refused to characterize how von Brunn can communicate .
He also declined to say whether the suspect seems to be getting better or worse .
After an earlier status hearing , the FBI issued a statement saying von Brunn was expected to recover .
Facciola scheduled the next status hearing for July 10 before Magistrate Judge Deborah Robinson .
According to court records , investigators found a handwritten message in a notebook in von Brunn 's car .
The note said the " Holocaust is a lie " and that President Obama " was created by Jews , " according to an affidavit .
" Obama does what Jew owners tell him to do .
Jews captured America 's money .
Jews control the mass media .
The First Amendment is abrogated -- henceforth , " the message said , according to the affidavit .
At the end of the writings , according to the affidavit , was the signature : James W. von Brunn .
Von Brunn served six years in prison for trying in 1981 to kidnap Federal Reserve Board members , purportedly because of high interest rates .
He blamed his prison term on a " Negro jury , " Jew / Negro attorneys " and " a Jew judge , " he said on his Web site , " The Holy Western Empire . "
All About James von Brunn • United States Holocaust Memorial Museum
A judge said the software giant can't sell Word if it allows custom XML tagging
A judge on Tuesday ordered Microsoft to stop selling Microsoft Word products in their current form in the U.S. , but legal appeals or technical work - arounds make an actual halt of sales unlikely .
The U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Texas gave Microsoft 60 days to comply with the injunction , which forbids Microsoft from selling Word products that let people create custom XML documents , according to i4i .
The ruling , which also includes additional damages Microsoft must pay , are related to a patent infringement suit filed by i4i .
The most common versions of Word on the market now , 2003 and 2007 , both allow users to create custom XML documents .
Microsoft did not reply to questions about the affect the injunction will have on it and its ability to sell Word in the U.S.
In a statement it said it planned to appeal the verdict .
An appeal could stay the injunction but even if the injunction stands , Microsoft could potentially strip the functionality from Word or possibly build a work - around .
The ruling is unlikely to affect anyone any time soon , said Michael Cherry , an analyst with Directions on Microsoft .
" It 's going to take a long time for this kind of thing to get sorted out , " he said .
Custom XML allows people to create forms or templates such that words in certain fields are tagged and then can be managed in a database , said Loudon Owen , a spokesman for i4i .
Large companies and government agencies , for example , might create such templates .
I4 i's patent covers technology that lets end users manipulate document architecture and content .
In a March 2007 suit , i4i charged Microsoft with willfully infringing its patent .
Earlier this year , a jury in the Texas court ordered Microsoft to pay i4i US $ 200 million for infringing the patent .
Owen said that if the injunction stands , end users who use custom XML in Word will have to find another way to create templates .
" Hopefully you 're going to call us because our intention is to support custom XML , " he said .
The judge also ruled that Microsoft should pay an additional $ 40 million for willful infringement of the patents and over $ 37 million in prejudgment interest .
That brings total damages to more than $ 290 million .
Rush Limbaugh rallied the culture warriors this weekend at the CPAC conference .
Here ’s a video , if you can stand to watch it .
The video reveals both his strength and his greatest weakness :
This is par for the course in Limbaugh ’s world , where record unemployment is a sport , global financial collapse is a game , and foreclosed homes are points scored .
To Limbaugh , “ winning ” the political fight is everything — indeed , it ’s the only thing .
There is only one stake worth playing for , and it is the ultimate stake : the ‘ majority power ’ trophy .
This Week today , and you can see why Limbaugh ’s demagoguery excites “ the base ” so much : Limbaugh was the keynote speaker at CPAC because he ’s the most outspoken , unapologetic , and well - recognized conservative voice .
His power within the party has grown in the wake of last November ’s debacle .
Contrast his standing - applause laden pep rally to the words of House Minority Whip Eric Cantor ontoday , and you can see why Limbaugh ’s demagoguery excites “ the base ” so much :
“ … I do n’t think anyone wants anything to fail right now .
We have such challenges .
What we need to do is we need to put forth solutions to the problems that real families are facing today . ”
Cantor said the Republican Party must change to be more inclusive .
“ There is no question the Republican Party has to return to be one of inclusion , not exclusion , ” Cantor said when I asked him if he was willing to move the party to the middle on issues like the environment and gay rights .
“ We are a party with many ideas .
And we have in that a commitment to make sure that we have positive alternatives , if we do n’t agree with this administration , ” Cantor said .
( Emphasis mine )
That ’s one Republican trying to face reality : the politics of division have ended .
The southern strategy is dying .
The ‘ party of ideas ’ is , in fact , fresh out of ideas and desperately engaging in a new , hip ( or hip - hop ) makeover .
New polling shows the GOP risks losing an entire generation .
It ’s painful , and painful to watch .
Limbaugh , on the other hand , is happy to lead the Last Stand of the culture warriors .
He ’s shameless , self - assured beyond the point of narcissism , and voices the right - wing point of view with pseudo - intellectual elegance .
In other words , he ’s the perfect man for the job , and eager to do it .
Of course , Last Stands are rarely a prescription for victory , so the Obama team is more than happy to help Limbaugh take his place in party leadership :
he rarely speaks to a live audience
only if it ’s pre-screened
did n’t
If Limbaugh ’s smug self - assurance and intellectual straitjacket are helpful in front of a CPAC crowd , we should note that he usually is n’t this animated in front of a live audience .
In fact , — and , like the callers to his radio show .
Here ’s an example of what has happened to him when hecontrol the makeup of the audience :
The Last Stand of the Kulturkampf will not take place under controlled conditions .
The culture warriors may follow Rush to oblivion , but not in a pre-screened environment .
Sooner or later , the painful Republican transition to post - division politics will be all the GOP has left .
The only question is whether the CPAC crowd will destroy their own village in order to “ save ” it .
Subscribe in a reader
Set in France , Georges is a TV Literary Reviewer and lives in a small yet modern town house with his wife Ann , a publisher and his young son Pierrot .
They begin to receive video tapes through the post of their house and family , along side obscure child - like drawings .
They visit the police with hope of aid to find the stalker , but as there is no direct threat , they refuse to help .
As the tapes become more personal , Georges takes it upon himself to figure out who is putting through his family through such horror .
A true Michael Haneke Classic .
Written by Jodie Norton
No Such Thing As A Fish
If you grew up when I did ( late 70 ’s , 80’s ) , and were lucky enough to have one of the early Atari incarnations , or even one of the more prehistoric computer systems ( I ’m looking at you , Commodore 64 ) , well , then you were a rarer breed indeed .
I , on the other hand , did n’t get my first computer until I was 10 , in 1984 , and yes , it was good old C - 64 … but I did n’t have a video game system of my own until a NES .
Look , the point I am trying to make here is we had to make fun with whatever was around or handy , even boring old board games we ’d play over and over .
And sometimes , we had to invent our own types of excitement with paper , or plastic cups , or fire crackers and the neighbor kid ’s pants … but I digress .
We still managed to have fun with whatever we did , and that even carried over into our adolescent lives and early adulthood .
So , after a good bit of scouring around the web , I managed to come across some of those fun and often self - destructive activities alive and well on line .
Each one of these is an emulator and does a great job of , well , emulating the original game .
Oh , and the best part : they ’re FREE !
Have fun killing a day with some of your old childhood memories !
“ You are right !
Now try “ Rohypnol ” .
Man , who did n’t have one of these kick - ass ‘ learning ’ toys ?
I had a few over my life time and despite the fact that I was being educated by proxy , I just loved hearing that synthesized and horribly spooky voice alerting me of my foibles and worthlessness .
Click the link above for a really interesting history on the toy , and then click HERE to wander back in time .
Be ready to kill a few hours .
She made a cock .
She ’s filthy !
Damn , I had no idea this toy came out in 1967 !
So , basically , children were creating odd , slightly askew , forced - linear , non-elliptical designs for nearly 50 years ?
Oh , and they lit up , too ?
Sweet .
I do remember fondly the first one I got came with a ton of really cool stencils like ponies , a nature scene , and Superman and Darth Vader !
So cool .
Anyway , there ’s a link up there to see the story of this childhood favorite , or , go HERE to play around on your own !
Yeah , it ’s okay .
But it was supposed to be an elephant .
With accolades such as “ Being Around Since the 50’s ” and “ Voted a Top 100 Toy of All Time ” , is it any wonder the Etch A Sketch holds such a warm place in everyone ’s collective hearts ?
I honestly do n’t think I ’ve met an American human who did n’t grow up with one of these at his or her disposal .
As intriguing as they were frustrating ( making circles was an exercise in futility ) , at least you could always shake away your mistakes .
Click above for the info , or HERE to enjoy as much as you did back then .
Screw you , Rubik .
As we got a little older , so went the challenge of our toys .
Things like Bedbugs and Hi-Ho Cherry - O were put on the shelves to solemnly collect dust while we moved on to things like the infuriating and finger - numbing Rubik ’s Cube .
Introduced to the unwary public the year yours truly was born ( ’ 74 ) , the puzzle was an instant hit … even for those too lazy to solve , but far too lonely not to do a little dis-assembly .
HERE ‘s an on - line version that ’s just as sinister .
Let ’s play ‘ Name everything socially and ethically wrong with this picture ’ !
Was any other board game quite as vicious and vindictive as Battleship ?
If you were anything like me , you ’d secretly rearrange your fleet while your unsuspecting brother was ducked behind his radar .
Yeah , I was kind of an ass .
He ’d be all shooting ‘ misses ’ all over the place , stupidly guarding his poorly - clustered formation as I bombed the shit out of him .
Ah , memories .
Anyway , play it HERE or read about it up there !
“ What ’s up , guys ?
Me and Rook are hookin’ up ! ”
Maybe you , too , were a closet intellectual and joined perhaps one of the most ‘ get - your - ass - kicked - repeatedly ’ clubs available in school .
Maybe you , too , were a sad , sorry individual who ’s only friends were school morons and social outcasts who ’s only reprieves from the daily barrage of name - calling and wedgies was the comfort of Chess Club .
Where ’s my gun .
I ’m kidding , I ’m kidding … calm down .
Yeah , I was a chess nerd , but I was big kid who carried brass knuckles !
Anyway , play some chess HERE .
Just be careful , you never know where the bullies are .
Whoo , stealthy !
And then there were those days ; whiling away the droning , endless minutes in Social Studies class listening in a half - daze to your monotonous teacher babble on and on about the Louisiana Purchase when you just had to find something to do before you finally gave into a full - on REM sleep .
And then you discovered the Origami-esque art of making paper airplanes .
If you were really lucky , you could launch one from the back of the room all the way to the teacher ’s eyeball .
Play with paper HERE , and dig some history up there .
Better things to do with your hands that ’s not masturbating .
I remember first playing this awesome game in detention .
Hey , I got into my share of trouble , too !
I guess that dude eying my girlfriend will have to breathe out of his ass now .
Okay .
Detention was for being an idiot in class .
Happy now ?
You ’ve broken me .
Anyway this is another in the vast art of paper craft where you basically fold a piece of paper like a ceremonial flag and then launch it via flicking it at your partner ’s goal post - fingers .
Hours of fun !
HERE ‘s the game !
Yep , this , too , is on ESPN .
Wow .
Soon , you got a bit older and took to hanging out with the older kids at local bars .
Your life was a shambles , your family was openly ashamed of you , and your future looked murky and riddled with potential gang gunfire .
But , you lived for the moment , began sipping beer when the bar owner was n’t looking , and hit on anything with boobs as you attempted to win over the women with your newly - discovered dart throwing prowess .
You headed down a dark path , buddy .
Relive your cool pre-adulthood HERE .
There is absolutely nothing bad about any part of this picture .
Finally , after a series of missteps and a few run-ins with the law ( remember that weekend in County with that Australian transvestite named Moon - Cow ? ) , you found your way into college .
Education , though , be damned : you were the life of the Frat parties and rapidly rose in the ranks as the premiere Beer Pong player !
You ’re going places , kid !
Oh , Moon - Cow called , he / she wants to play you HERE .
Maybe you should run .
HIV can NOT live outside the “ Human Body ” ( He can alive only in human body ) .
Mosquito are not able to carry HIV .
So , do n’t worry .
You are OK .
[ Do n’t kill mosquitoes on your penis because penis plays very very important role in our life .
Smile Please . ]
In 1905 a French doctor wanted to see how long consciousness remained in a severed head and so did a rather morbid experiment at the execution of a beheaded prisoner .
The remarkable report is linked from the Wikipedia page on the guillotine .
The observations were apparently made by a Dr Beaurieux who watched the execution of a prisoner named Henri Languille and immediately tried to get the attention of the severed head to see how it would react .
Here , then , is what I was able to note immediately after the decapitation : the eyelids and lips of the guillotined man worked in irregularly rhythmic contractions for about five or six seconds .
This phenomenon has been remarked by all those finding themselves in the same conditions as myself for observing what happens after the severing of the neck …
I waited for several seconds .
The spasmodic movements ceased . [… ]
It was then that I called in a strong , sharp voice : ‘ Languille ! ’
I saw the eyelids slowly lift up , without any spasmodic contractions – I insist advisedly on this peculiarity – but with an even movement , quite distinct and normal , such as happens in everyday life , with people awakened or torn from their thoughts .
Next Languille ’s eyes very definitely fixed themselves on mine and the pupils focused themselves .
I was not , then , dealing with the sort of vague dull look without any expression , that can be observed any day in dying people to whom one speaks : I was dealing with undeniably living eyes which were looking at me .
After several seconds , the eyelids closed again [… ] .
It was at that point that I called out again and , once more , without any spasm , slowly , the eyelids lifted and undeniably living eyes fixed themselves on mine with perhaps even more penetration than the first time .
Then there was a further closing of the eyelids , but now less complete .
I attempted the effect of a third call ; there was no further movement – and the eyes took on the glazed look which they have in the dead .
Apparently , this was also discussed in a brief article in a 1939 edition of the Journal of the American Medical Association but I can’t read it because my institution ’s subscription seems to be broken ( off with their heads ! ) .
The famous French chemist Antoine Lavoisier is often said to have arranged an experiment before his execution where he would try and blink as many times as possible before his head finally died , but the story is apparently a myth .
UPDATE : Thanks to Mind Hacks reader jata for a link to the complete 1939 JAMA piece on decaptitation and consciousness which is available here .
Link to full copy of the report .
Link to Wikipedia page on the guillotine .
SAN DIEGO -- Former NFL running back Lawrence Phillips was convicted of assault and other felony charges Tuesday in San Diego .
A Superior Court jury took less than a day to find Phillips guilty of seven counts , including assault with great bodily injury ; false imprisonment ; making a criminal threat ; and auto theft .
He had been accused of choking his girlfriend on two occasions in August 2005 , once into unconsciousness .
He faces up to 25 years in prison when he is sentenced Sept.
8 . Phillips already is serving a 10 - year sentence for hitting three teenagers with his car in August 2005 , when he drove onto a field in Los Angeles .
Phillips has refused to attend his own trial , and was not in the courtroom when the verdicts were read Tuesday .
Deputy District Attorney Nicole Cooper told the San Diego Union - Tribune the girlfriend testified she and Phillips had argued on Aug. 2 , 2005 , and he started choking her after she began tossing his clothes to the floor .
" He 'd never been like that before , " the girlfriend testified , according to KGTV in San Diego .
" He was always a sweetheart . "
In the second incident , on Aug. 13 , Phillips accused the girlfriend of cheating on him , according to the Union - Tribune .
He knocked her backward into a bathtub , then drove with her to find the man with whom he believed she was cheating , the newspaper reported .
KGTV reported on its
Web site that the girlfriend testified she and Phillips are still in a relationship .
Phillips , 34 , was once one of the nation 's top college football players at Nebraska .
The St. Louis Rams released him for insubordination in 1997 .
He went on to play for the Miami Dolphins and San Francisco 49ers , and spent time in NFL Europe and the Canadian Football League .
Information from The Associated Press was used in this report .
write
It was n't for naught that Bill Clinton was chairman of the virulently anti-populist / pro-corporate Democratic Leadership Council ( DLC ) in 1990 and 1991 , a position that has also been held by such anti-working family , corporate shills as John Breaux ( LA ) , Joe Lieberman ( CT ) , Evan Bayh ( IN ) and , most recently , Harold Ford ( TN ) .
The DLC was founded on the premise that economic populism can't work in America and that universal health care is not right for this country .
Their hallmark positions have been cracking down on welfare , union - busting " free " trade agreements like NAFTA and CAFTA and privatization of Social Security .
Clinton was far from my first choice when he ran for president in 1992 .
Although reactionary Nebraska Senator Bob Kerrey ran to the right of him , Massachusetts Senator Paul Tsongas , Iowa Senator Tom Harkin and former California Governor Jerry Brown all seemed like better choices than the Republican - lite Clinton .
When George H.W. Bush managed to lose the election , he left Clinton NAFTA to ram through Congress .
Clinton assigned Rahm Emanuel to rope in enough Democrats to pass the odious legislation and Emanuel bribed and threatened enough House members -- just as he's now doing for the Frankenstein bill known as the War Supplemental ( which includes a suicidal $ 108 billion bailout for European banks ) .
NAFTA passed 234-200 , 102 Democrats roped in by Emanuel joining the 132 Republicans who favored it .
Since leaving office , Clinton 's forays into Democratic Party electoral politics have served as something like a contrary indicator .
He constantly involves himself in battles between reactionaries and progressives and , reverting to form , he always takes the side of the less progressive candidate .
Last week we looked at his campaign against heroic progressive Jennifer Brunner in Ohio .
Yesterday 's Alexander Burns looked at Clinton 's interference in several primaries across the country -- always on the side of Establishment figures with corporate support , never on the side of grass roots candidates who stand with working families .
Burns advances the theory that Clinton is primarily helping Democrats who supported his wife against Obama , a facile and naive assessment that only tells one part of the story .
His massive and ineffectual support for Virginia loser Terry McAuliffe fits both categories , of course .
McCauliffe is a longtime Clinton family operative and was certainly the candidate of corporate America .
Support for Kendrick Meek in Florida also fits both categories , a Clinton loyalist and corporate shill running -- at least when Clinton was campaigning for him -- against a grass roots progressive Dan Gelber who has since decided to run for Florida Attorney General instead .
Ohio Lt. Governor Lee Fisher , like Meek , is a corporate - friendly moderate , facing a family - friendly progressive .
Of course Clinton 's raising money for Fisher .
Clinton also helped one of the most right - wing , GOP - backing congressman in the country , North Carolina Blue Dog Heath Shuler , raise money for a Senate race that Shuler has since backed out of .
Clinton is also campaigning for corporately financed Kirsten Gillibrand in the New York Senate primary where she is likely to face at least two more progressive candidates , Jonathan Tasini , the Wellstone Democrat we spoke with yesterday , and Carolyn Maloney .
Tasini challenged Hillary Clinton in her last primary race but Maloney was also a Clinton booster .
In Pennsylvania Clinton has a long - standing relationship with the grassroots - backed Joe Sestak but Clinton wo n't support him because he's up against a far more conservative opponent , Arlen Specter , backed by Clinton 's Establishment allies ( corporate Democrats Ed Rendell and Joe Biden ) and many of the corporate donors who have fueled the Clinton political machine .
Yesterday the kids over at FDL were talking about another Democratic wanker without a fraction of the kind of clout Bill Clinton has , Heather Hurlbutt the so - called Executive Director of the so - called National Security Network .
Jane Hamsher : " There 's a special place in hell for think tanks that set themselves up to suck up donations from rich donors for the sole purpose of wrapping imperialist foreign policy in progressive rhetoric . "
No doubt Hurlbutt is sucking up to lots of undiscerning middle of the road donors -- and to Rahm Emanuel who clearly encouraged her to cheerlead a defense of the Administration 's offensive Frankenstein Supplemental Budget .
I 've heard all her points all week -- straight from Rahm 's office -- word for word -- to the wavering congressmen he 's trying to get to sign on to the Great 2010 Democratic Party Suicide Pact
Labels : Bill Clinton , DLC , NAFTA , reactionary Democrats
Kabukicho comes clean
TOKYO ( TR ) –
It is a recent weekday evening and the activity beneath Kabukicho ’s flashy Ichiban - gai gate is its typically bustling self .
Outside the entry of the kyabakura ( cabaret club ) Sky Heart , where ladies dress as flight attendants and provide services in a mock aircraft cabin , a young gentleman tout enthuses that cover charges are as low as 7,000 yen and “ breast - licking and touching ” are fair game .
Elsewhere , dozens of rail - thin hosts , sporting shiny suits and flowing manes of dyed - brown hair , are hustling any young lady happening past for , at a minimum , a drink at a nearby club , while in the direction of the centrally located Koma Theater , more touts , each sharply dressed and occupying both sides of the street , stand calmly under flickering lights as they solicit potential customers for their parlors .
So far , and Kabukicho ’s so predictable .
Outward appearances , however , can be deceiving in Japan ’s center of debauchery and gangster activity , which is situated adjacent to Shinjuku Station , wedged between the tracks of Japan Rail ’s Yamanote train line to the west and Meiji - dori to the east .
Beyond the theater and across the east - west running Hanamichi - dori , which splits the red - light district in half , finds Takeshi Aida casually greeting familiar faces in front of Casanova , a host club within his long - running Ai chain .
Recent police raids on host establishments for everything from maintaining hours past 1 a.m. to ladies being gouged with extraordinarily high bills , often in the hundreds of thousands of yen , have made the industry downright jumpy , says the always jovial Aida .
Though he repeatedly insists that his establishments are clean , times are tough .
“ This is attacking my business , ” says the bespectacled Aida , wearing an impeccable blue - striped suit and multiple rings studded with shimmering gems .
“ As a shop owner , I find the enforcement of the 1 a.m. law hard to believe . ”
Has recent police pressure , then , reduced Japan ’s most successful host baron to trolling the streets for customers ?
That much is not clear .
But what is obvious is that Kabukicho ’s unique blend of sly characters will not yield its turf easily amid the ongoing shakedown , which is focusing on all sections of vice and resulting in a slow reshaping of the business environment .
Best Western to open
Non-sleaze ventures are already taking hold .
A franchise within the Best Western hotel brand will open in Kabukicho near the Shinjuku Ward office next March ; the following month will see talent agency Yoshimoto Kogyo move its main Tokyo branch to Kabukicho ’s eastern edge ; a small but eclectic film festival is in its second year ; and fashion and talent shows have graced the plaza outside the Koma Theater over the last few years .
More subtle changes have put the squeeze on foreign and Japanese streetwalkers , who used to notoriously huddle in packs in a darkened strip between the base of the Tokyo Metropolitan Health Plaza and a row of grungy love hotels .
The area is now fenced off and lined with yellow “ Do Not Cross ” tape .
For aesthetics , a section of Hanamichi - dori has this year had a construction project add new asphalt , brick sidewalks , street lamps and seating areas .
Renovated area near Furin Kaikan
The renovated area starts outside the Furin Kaikan building , whose first - floor coffee shop has been the scene of mob shootouts .
The most notorious in recent memory was in 2002 , when Chinese gangsters and Japanese yakuza shot up the joint , leaving one dead and three arrested .
These violent criminal gangs , or boryokudan ( an official term used to refer to yakuza ) have historically extorted money throughout Kabukicho by forcing “ security ” services upon shop owners in exchange for ridiculously over - priced rudimentary items like towels , plants or calendars .
Though the hammer has fallen on criminal activity on and off for years , Lee Xiao Mu , a Kabukicho guide from China , restaurateur and author of “ The Chinese Girls of Kabukicho , ” believes that the installation of 50 security cameras following a fire at a mahjongg parlor that killed 44 people in 2001 was the beginning of a recent decrease in gangster activity .
“ It is rare to see yakuza wandering around Kabukicho now , ” says Lee as his lithe frame , clad entirely in black , reclines in a chair inside his fourth - floor Chinese eatery Konansaikin .
“ The boryokudan have escaped from Kabukicho ”
Inside the main branch of Ai , whose shiny decor of female nude statuettes is complemented by numerous photos of celebrities , such as shapely media personalities the Kano sisters , Aida agrees : “ The boryokudan have escaped from Kabukicho . ”
Late last year Aida participated in promotional events in support of the Shinjuku Business District Criminal Organization Removal Convention , whose members are restaurant , bar and shop owners .
In a show of solidarity , the group has plastered posters on the outsides of establishments throughout Kabukicho .
Bizarrely , the text encourages shopkeepers not to succumb to the boryokudan , who are often involved in prostitution and pornography , yet the central image is an up - close photo of an attractive “ campaign girl ” with the top button of her shirt undone .
Many feel such moves are a good start .
“ I think it is important that we are clarifying the good elements from the bad elements , ” says Masaru Jo , director of the Kabukicho Shopping Center Promotion Association , of the recent activities .
“ It is unfair that those connected to the boryokudan are able to make money while others lose out . ”
The association reports that , as of 2006 , 250,000 people were passing through Kabukicho daily , with the number of illicit operations totaling 3,500 outlets , including sex clubs , gambling dens , video stores , and numerous others .
Because of the mercurial and underground nature of the business , estimates for the worth of the adult industry in Japan vary widely .
But those who doubt its impact need simply behold the amazing detail and length of the Law Regulating Adult Entertainment Businesses , enacted in 1948 but since revised .
The Japan - wide law extends as far as to provide different regulations for sex services administered in a shop and on an on - call basis .
( Prostitution is technically illegal in Japan , but noncoital services are permissible . )
As Aida has indicated , the law dictates that adult operations shut their doors by 1 a.m .
The wording , however , is not exactly cut and dry .
Drinking establishments are allowed to stay open after this time , but they must ensure that the customer “ is being entertained ” on his own .
Crackdown commenced in 2004
Common interpretation of the latter , it seems , does not deem women serving women to be entertaining .
Still open after 1 a.m. is Marilyn 2 , one of two bars owned by Aida that is staffed by onabe ( women dressed as men ) .
Inside , barmaids in black vests and snappy white shirts — and some even with facial hair — serve a predominantly female clientele from behind a gently curving white counter in the center of a dark room covered with gaudy mirrors , blue LED lights , and sparkling wall decorations .
Major busts began taking place in April 2004 , a year after Tokyo Gov. Shintaro Ishihara appointed Yutaka Takehana as vice governor .
That year Takehana ordered the shutting of adult - goods stores , underground casinos and massage parlors .
In 2006 , a revision to the 1948 law made aggressive “ catching ” by hosts of women in the street illegal .
It also required sex establishments to disclose detailed information on their lease agreements .
The National Police Agency reported that these measures dropped the number of sex shops nationwide from over 40,000 in 2005 to fewer than 20,000 last year .
A bartender serving at a watering hole in the basement of a building fronting Hanamichi - dori explains that the times when Kabukicho was a place to get drunk in the early evening and then visit a sex establishment after midnight are fading .
He describes the plight of one of his regulars , the manager of a fuzoku ( sex service ) shop :
“ He tells me that since his customers are coming in during the daytime they are all sober and therefore unwilling to pay high prices , ” the bartender explains .
“ Further , they are fanatics who will complain if the girl ’s face is not exactly what they want .
They will also have done extensive research beforehand , often arriving with discount coupons .
So now he does n’t even open before 3 p.m . ”
The Shinjuku Kabukicho Host Club Anti-Organized Crime Gang Association
Last year ’s crackdowns on dozens of host clubs sent shock waves through the industry .
Just prior to the busts , the Metropolitan Police Agency reported the number of Kabukicho host clubs to be 200 .
Now , Aida estimates , there are approximately 80 .
At around the time of the host club raids , Aida founded the Shinjuku Kabukicho Host Club Anti-Organized Crime Gang Association .
The organization aims to improve the trade ’s image by separating itself from gangsters , aggressive street solicitations and bottakuri ( literally meaning “ rip- off ” ) , the practice whereby ladies are strongly encouraged to purchase expensive liquor , such as Dom Perignon Rose , which costs 130,000 yen a bottle at Aida ’s main host club .
In furthering this new public face , it is not uncommon to see hosts , broom in hand , literally sweeping Kabukicho ’s streets clean .
In spite of these anecdotes , there is little fear that Kabukicho is set to become as sterile as , say , straight - laced Otemachi any time soon .
More signs that the area still rocks to its familiar beat are the numerous Japanese touts thrusting laminated cards of near - naked ladies in front of male passersby , the Chinese girls peddling massage services on many corners , and strip club Kabukicho DX offering “ sexy panty ” souvenirs to customers on select weekends .
Hanazono Jinja
Even much of the crackdown ’s impact could in part be an exaggeration .
During a recent festival at Hanazono Jinja , a shrine at the edge of Kabukicho where those engaged in commerce come to pray for profitable business ventures , dozens of characters sporting slick black suits , shortly cropped hair , and colorful tattoos visible beneath the edges of their shirt collars and sleeves could be seen gathered in groups smoking cigarettes and downing cans of beer .
Jo believes that the yakuza , in spite of what Lee and Aida are observing , have not fled Kabukicho entirely .
He notes that stricter enforcement is in fact creating a business opportunity .
“ If a shop wants to breach the law and stay open after 1 a.m. , ” the director says , “ management cannot call the police if there is a problem , right ?
So , the yakuza go to those shops and demand money in exchange for the ‘ protection ’ that the police might have otherwise provided . ”
Further , a quick stroll through Kabukicho ’s sticky back streets in the wee hours will reveal that there is indeed still plenty of action .
Touts working the intersections appear as sanguine as ever , but optimism of course is the fuel of their trade .
“ It does n’t stop traffic , ” says one foreigner , wearing a Philadelphia Phillies baseball cap , of the increased scrutiny .
A four - year veteran of the Kabukicho hostess biz notes that in April the police presence increased substantially .
Her kyabakura started killing its exterior lights at 1 a.m. while still maintaining usual business operations inside .
“ We ’ll have one of our staff standing just to the side of the sign , waiting , ” she says .
“ With a microphone near his collar and an earpiece , he communicates with our staff inside about any potential customers wandering past and any suspected cops in plain clothes . ”
Bid for the Olympics
Theories as to why the clampdown began have included the need to prepare for Tokyo ’s bid for the 2016 Olympics .
Yet certainly a massive void will result should there eventually be a substantial shutdown of Kabukicho , whose beginnings as the entertainment area it is today go back to just after the end of World War II , a time when the area was scheduled to accommodate a kabuki theater — hence the area ’s name — that was never built .
Odaiba option
Whispers in some circles suggest that the government is contemplating the establishment of “ vice ” quarter on Odaiba , a peninsula that extends into Tokyo Bay , with one target being the foreign tourist .
In an article appearing earlier this year in the Japanese version of Newsweek , Lee suggested that Tokyo adopt a one - city , two - systems policy similar to China ’s relationship with Hong Kong .
“ Odaiba is surrounded by water , ” Lee says of the idea for the area , which today accommodates shopping centers , bay - side hotels , office towers , and apartment buildings .
“ Kabukicho is accessible by multiple streets which make it difficult for the police to patrol .
On Odaiba , setting up an entry gate would be possible . ”
Gov. Ishihara has made no secret of his wishes to establish a casino on the man -made strip , and the concept of assembling a special district for vice services is not without precedent —
Yoshiwara , an area of sex parlors near present - day Minowa Station in Taito Ward , was created in the 17th century following a directive by Tokugawa Hidetada , second shogun of the Tokugawa Shogunate , as a means of concentrating the rampant prostitution of the time in one location .
But Shinjuku and Odaiba are completely different entities , says Takashi Aida , the son of Takeshi and the proprietor of Casanova .
He emphasizes that the waterfront area might be fine for sight - seeing but Kabukicho is far too convenient to be bypassed .
Furthering his arguments are a new underground expressway , which will run past Kabukicho to the west , and a Tokyo Metro subway line extending between Ikebukuro and Shibuya that will open next year and include a station to the east .
Aida junior believes that the only certainty about the future is that things will never be the same .
“ All the shop owners want the usual 24 - hour Kabukicho , ” he says .
“ But that will only happen now if the town is cleaned up .
It is a true paradox . ”
Note :
This story originally appeared in the November 22nd issue of The Japan Times .
READER COMMENTS ON
" Ryland : A Sibel Edmonds ' Bombshell ' - Bin Laden Worked for U.S. Until 9/11 "
( 51 Responses so far ... )
COMMENT # 1 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/31/2009 @ 1:41 pm PT ...
Was n't he Tim Osman or something ?
Ask Sibel to watch " Fabled Enemies " and get back to us how accurate it is
COMMENT # 2 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/31/2009 @ 2:32 pm PT ...
It was an INSIDE JOB !!!!!!!
Would anyone believe any of these ?
In a complex and well - coordinated heist , combining speed and stealth with an uncanny knowledge of automobile security systems , four tots hotwired a Toyota Land Rover and cruised along fabled Deco Drive in South Beach Miami .
The merry group spent the evening crashing top night spots and easily eluding waitresses , bartenders and bouncers .
Credit card receipts , obviously signed by one of the tots , showed thousands in charges for table dances , champagne and limo service .
A crayon drawing left by one of the tots lent conclusive proof of their guilt , according to local law enforcement officials .
or A trio of nuns broke into a North Dakota missile site in a complex and well - coordinated heist , combining speed and stealth with an uncanny knowledge of USAF security systems .
The nuns quickly removed the nuclear warhead in 20 minutes from the ICBM using a crescent wrench , car jack and plastic crucifix .
A nun 's habit and Gideon Bible , inscribed with the name of one of the nuns , providently found at the crime scene , indicated conclusive proof of their guilt and the trio was quickly captured .
or A pair of elderly pensioners swiped two Abrams M1A1 tanks yesterday and crashed them into the Virginia state capitol after driving them 150 miles undetected .
In a complex and well - coordinated heist , combining speed and stealth with an uncanny knowledge of US Army security systems , the senior citizens swiped the tanks from a National Guard armory .
After crashing the tanks into the office building , the pair fled on foot , eluding hundreds of lawmen .
But a dog-eared copy of National Geographic magazine , found at the crime scene addressed to one of the octogenarians , lead to the speedy arrest and confinement of the pair .
COMMENT # 3 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/31/2009 @ 2:39 pm PT ...
WARNING !
If you want an intellegent dialog about this DO NOT click on link over to kos .
As usual , group think prevails over there - the thread mostly flames anyone that is even modestly supportive of her and I am sure a few that indicate supporting with sibel will ultimately be banned .
Kos is a republican that decided he can have more influence by creating a blog that proclaims itself to be " progressive " while flaming , fanning , and banning anyone that actually has progressive ideas .
COMMENT # 4 [ Permalink ]
... Ernest A. Canning said on 7/31/2009 @ 5:01 pm PT ...
Interviewed Today on Democracy Now , Frank Lindh , John Walker Lindh 's father , said that his son had gone into Afghanistan in the Spring of 2001 to help the Taliban defend civilians who " were under attack by the Northern Alliance warlords , who were backed not by the United States , but by the Russians and the Iranians ... "
JUAN GONZALEZ : And at that time , the new Bush administration was providing some degree of support for the Taliban , was n’t it ?
FRANK LINDH : Yeah , I think fair to say , Juan , more than “ some degree . ”
We were the largest single donor of money to the Afghan government .
In the first few months of the Bush administration in early 2001 , we contributed hundreds of millions of dollars to the Taliban government ....
And ... this was all public .
Secretary of State Colin Powell in April , around the same time John went , had a press conference and a public announcement about a grant of $ 46 million to the Taliban government .
But that was just one of several grants that we made during that time . "
COMMENT #5 [ Permalink ]
... Jeff Melchizidik Gabriel Fisher said on 7/31/2009 @ 6:48 pm PT ...
{ Comments by long ago banned , abusive user deleted .}
COMMENT #6 [ Permalink ]
... Wayne3 said on 7/31/2009 @ 7:34 pm PT ...
I give who is this idiot .
Jeff Melchizidik Gabriel Fisher !
I followed his link in another articles comments and now feel he is even more of an idiot .
COMMENT # 7 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 7/31/2009 @ 7:37 pm PT ...
usually the wackos only show up here for the palin threads ... hmmmmmmmmmmmm... what could have brought this type of commenter out now ?
COMMENT #8 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 7/31/2009 @ 7:55 pm PT ...
I will have Muslims in L.A. visit you .
I dunno Brad .
This guy sounds like he might be threatening you .
( No offense to Muslims )
COMMENT #9 [ Permalink ]
... Soul Rebel said on 7/31/2009 @ 8:02 pm PT ...
After looking at this guys Blogspot profile I am actually very concerned for Brad 's safety now .
This guy is not playing with a full suit , let alone a full deck .
He believes is is High Priest of some wacko bullshit .
This does not sound like your run -of - the - mill wingnuttery .
By the way , Mr. High Priest , since you have put yourself out there , do n't think you can't be tracked down .
COMMENT # 10 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 7/31/2009 @ 8:04 pm PT ...
The cuckoo seeks his nest
COMMENT # 11 [ Permalink ]
... Thomas said on 7/31/2009 @ 10:53 pm PT ...
There 'z GONNA B LOTZ O TWISTS & BURNS B4 we get the FACTS on bush / chainey 911 dot connects ..
BUT ... LOTS ..of... CURIOUS ...MINDS ..... WANNA .... KNOW !
COMMENT # 12 [ Permalink ]
... JNagarya said on 7/31/2009 @ 11:28 pm PT ...
The nonse that 9/11 was an " inside job " by the gum 'mint is warmed - ver far - right lunatic fringe conspirabunk which they flung at the OK City bombing , but it did n't stick .
This time the Left has swallowed it .
Things are n't that complicated ( except in the " " minds " of those who believe themselves exceptionally " clever " ) .
It need n't go beyond _allowing_ it to happen : there were the warnings that were ignored .
COMMENT # 13 [ Permalink ]
... Doug said on 8/1/2009 @ 4:48 am PT ...
Big surprise : 911 was an inside job .
No entity kills more .
No entity plunders more .
No one entity violates more individual rights more often , with more impunity .
And none spews more propaganda and lies .
History proves this beyond a shadow of a doubt .
Be it a monarchy , oligarchy , union of socialist republics , or a communist Nation - State like the people 's republic of china , you can rest assured that a big powerful government will be the bane of Liberty every time .
It has always been this way .
911 Truth
COMMENT # 14 [ Permalink ]
... Elizabeth said on 8/1/2009 @ 5:22 am PT ...
Why is anyone surprised by this allegation about of Osama Bin Laden , just a continuation of his other activity .
Osama bin Laden was reliably seen in both Albania and Bosnia in the late 1990's colluding with islamic militants together with the CIA , MI6 and German Intelligence .
The islamic terror criminal drugs lords , the KLA , who recently illegally annexed Kosovo courtesy of the above , was created then , as had been the Taliban and half a dozen other such groups in the past , UCK in Macedonia came later .
Osama bin laden was then a CIA asset .
If he is alive he may well still be .
Something rather evil about attacking countries in the name of a ' war on terror ' whilst creating , financing , training and then using ' islamic terrorists ' to order when required .
Lets not forget the illegal attack on Serbia .
The bombing back to the stoneage of a defenceless civilian population on behalf of an islamic terrorist organization ( KLA ) for why ?.
Oil pipelines and the convenience of the US CIA drug cartels and their nice little earner for the ' black ops ' .
The drugs conduit scenario has led on to Afghanistan and US / British mass murder there after their erstwhile puppets , the Taliban , turned on the hand that fed them and threatened the poppies .
COMMENT # 15 [ Permalink ]
... MsKitty said on 8/1/2009 @ 5:36 am PT ...
Actually , the public record shows much more than just " allowing " things to happen .
There were people were involved in withholding , destroying and tampering with evidence and no one was held accountable for even those grossly illegal behaviors .
No one was held accountable for negligence .
As far as ridiculous stories go , the one we are supposed to swallow is that the greatest military power on earth was outwitted by a bunch of poverty stricken men on monkey bars .
COMMENT # 16 [ Permalink ]
... Severina Grammatica said on 8/1/2009 @ 5:37 am PT ...
So glad to read this piece .
But just because 9/11 happened and bin Laden took credit for it does not rule out the possibility that the whole tragedy was not an " inside job . "
Some Muslim friends believe that Muslims were not involved , saying that many of the names listed as " passengers " are alive and well in other countries .
I believe that the Muslims involved in the attacks were setups , especially given the totally unsubtle evidence garnered later in an abandoned car of the steps required to complete the project .
I mean , criminals just do n't leave behind such overt evidence , unless it 's meant to sidetrack fools .
The fact that the US was in cahoots with Osama up until 9/11 -- well we " conspiracy theorists " might say that he still is .
We did fly his family members out of the country right after 9/11 , when airspace between here and Europe had been closed off .
Too bad the press caught that -- curses , foiled again , but not really .
We the people were foiled hideously -- many of us anyway .
History will reveal the truth , which is slowly coming to light anyway .
Sev .
COMMENT # 17 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 8/1/2009 @ 6:02 am PT ...
This is actually old news as every person in the 9/11 truth movement have known this for 5 - 8 years .
Sad things is that unless we all stand up and do something about this then justice will never happen .
At least 50 % of the population knows that 9/11 was an inside job .
The media has covered up this crime for far too long .
It is quite clear that Bush stole 2 elections as has been proven on this blog for many years .
It is even clearer that 3 steel framed high rise buildings collapsed and within 1 second of free fall speed on 9/11 .
That BTW is not an improbability but a total impossibility , it is absolutely impossible for those buildings to have collapsed that quickly without the use of high explosives PERIOD .
That alone proves 9/11 was an inside job .
Then there is the mountain of evidence on top of that which all leads to the same conclusion .
You really have to be brain dead to believe the governments conspiracy theory which has not a shred of evidence to back it up .
COMMENT # 18 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 8/1/2009 @ 6:51 am PT ...
The REAL wacko conspiracy theory is that 19 rag - tag hijackers with box cutters , under direct control of a man on a dialysis machine in a cave , somehow got past the most sophisticated military and air - traffic control system in the world .
MUST SEE videos , French comedian making the crowd ROAR by , essentially just stating the " official " story ( lies ) .
He does n't have to spice it up because what we have been asked to believe is just too insane !
9/11 - The Whole World Knows - Even The French Get It , Part 1 9/11 - The Whole World Knows - Even The French Get It , Part 2
COMMENT # 19 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 8/1/2009 @ 6:59 am PT ...
Nunyabiz - spot on , and this is even true when the mainstream media and virtually ALL politicians continue to " catapult " the propaganda .
Image what the situation would be if there was an open and honest dialog .
Unfortunately , it is like the JFK assassination - most of America knows that warren commission and " oswald did it alone " is a lie too , but has not demanded anymore .
Best evidence suggests that the criminal cabal behind jfk ( including the military - industrial complex ) are the same interests that fraudulently hoisted and AWOL abusive alcoholic / cocaine addict into the white house as a " war president " via 2 stolen elections .
MUST SEE VIDEO : Bush Connection to JFK Assassination Failure to hold the perpetrators accountable has SERIOUS and DETRIMENTAL effects on the public safety and future of our democracy .
COMMENT # 20 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/1/2009 @ 7:38 am PT ...
Obviously , to any rational person with an ounce of intelligence who really looks into it , the govt 's official 9/11 story is bullshit .
COMMENT # 21 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/1/2009 @ 7:40 am PT ...
COMMENT # 22 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/1/2009 @ 7:56 am PT ...
COMMENT # 23 [ Permalink ]
... Reg said on 8/1/2009 @ 1:09 pm PT ...
Our respect for both Brad and Sibel aside , this is not news , not is it a bombshell .
At TvNewsLIES.org we have written about the bin Laden - CIA connection for years .
No matter what anyone believes , this is not about ' inside jobs ' or conspiracy theories .
It is about the absolute refusal of the msm to permit ANY discussion of the anomalies , omissions , and outright distortions of the offical story of 9/11 .
Mike Malloy is a gem ... ( as is Brad ) - for opening the discussions at all .
This Wednesday , August 5th - Jesse Richard , editor and founder of TvNewsLIES.org will host Wayne Madsen on his weekly radio show .
( 8 pm ET )
Madsen will outline the desperate moves of late by the NSA to halt the increasing leaks about the truth of what did happen on the day of the attacks .
We have documented hundreds of pages of info and links to facts , not theories about that day .
As more people learn the facts , the msm will be powerless to keep the truth from being told .
COMMENT # 24 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 8/1/2009 @ 1:27 pm PT ...
{ Ed Note : Comment deleted .
AJ , you 've been here long enough to know our very few rules for posting comments .
One of them is do not personally attack other commenters .
Thanks for following that one ( and the others ) if you do n't mind .
- BF}
COMMENT # 25 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 8/1/2009 @ 3:16 pm PT ...
reg does n't get it and should spend time updating his own silly blog .
IT IS ABOUT " inside jobs " and " conspiracy theories " because because the lies of the mainstream media are all about meeting political objectives .
What they lie about is more important than the widely accepted fact that lying liars tell lies .
COMMENT # 26 [ Permalink ]
... Reg said on 8/1/2009 @ 6:54 pm PT ...
First wrong assumption , Joe , ... Reg is a female .
Second , wrong assumption is not understanding that the ' inside job ' concept is not the goal of the truth movement .
Who did what can ONLY be revealed if there ever is an honest , impartial and public investigation that exposes the official nonsense to be as much a lie as the WMD hoax .
None of the information has ben permitted to come out .
We want it out in the open ... then let people judge for themselves .
The infighting among those of us who know we 've been had is such a waste of energy and time .
So , let 's not argue , let 's just spread the truth as it comes out .
And , for the record , we update throughout the day .. seven days a week .
Like Brad , we 've posted Sibel 's statements whenever and wherever she 's been permitted to speak .
Peace .
COMMENT # 27 [ Permalink ]
... Reg said on 8/1/2009 @ 6:59 pm PT ...
One more thing .
The information that is out there has been posted by Brad and Mike Malloy and Mike Rovira and Alex Jones and a handful of others since 9/11 .
So much known , so little now a ' bombshell ' to those who have followed .
http://www.tvnewslies.or...html/bin_laden_ties.html
COMMENT # 28 [ Permalink ]
... Nunyabiz said on 8/1/2009 @ 7:26 pm PT ...
Meanwhile Richard Gage is again on local TV news this time in Fresno Calif .
telling it like it is .
We need a few hundred more interviews like this one all across the country .
http://www.fulltimepartt...engineers-for-911-truth/
COMMENT # 29 [ Permalink ]
... DJ BALL said on 8/2/2009 @ 12:47 am PT ...
Anyone left believing Bush and Cheney is retarded .
The Official Story is absurd .
Kudos to the Brad Blog for posting this .
It 's high time for a real investigation , treason trials and executions .
Reparations paid and a formal apology to the rest of the planet .
Then Amerikkka might be looked at something else beside a country of warmongering psycopathic torturers .
COMMENT # 30 [ Permalink ]
... Thomas Potter said on 8/2/2009 @ 6:35 am PT ...
Sibel Edmonds can keep singing her song but a detailed evaluation of the 9/11 evidence , or lack there of , is compelling enough to substantiate that there were no hijackers .
So how does Sibel fit into this anomaly when she claims to have inside knowledge of flesh and blood hijackers when obviously the only hijackers were the cardboard cutout ones that the Federal government wrote into their 9/11 conspiracy script ?
And if you read James Bamford 's latest book , what the NSA obtained from Yemen before September 11 , because we were following two of these hijackers in Yemen ...
Well , if you put all those things , all this information that has come from various agencies , in one place , and you look at it , and you say " Wow ! " http://letsibeledmondssp...onds-on-mike-malloy.html
COMMENT # 31 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 8/2/2009 @ 8:38 am PT ...
Reg - you do n't speak for the " truth " movement , though I see you have anointed yourself .
Serious disservice to helping people understand the issues .
But the point IS THE LIES and no conversation about the media means anything without talking about the lies , then there is a framework about how they do it .
It is you that has it backwards , which is fine .
I will accept anyone 's personal opinion ( and this is mine ) .
Come here and blog whore all you like , people will see it for what it is .
People also understand that without a continued dialog about the lies , it is not possible to discuss how they " catapult the propaganda " .
Not hard to follow that logic , is it ?
While I no longer check your site , I did regularly for a while until it became clear that there were never any updates to keep it in a current context .
Educating people about how the media is lying is one thing , not worth much however if we do n't then talk about what more - fully represents the truth .
COMMENT # 32 [ Permalink ]
... another joe said on 8/2/2009 @ 8:40 am PT ...
oh - use of " he " was just third person .
Neither I nor anyone else knows the gender of anonymous posters .
Sure , I could have used " she " , like many in academics now insist , but then folks that want to attack the messenger can just hammer you for getting that wrong .
Make a big deal about my choice of third person grammar if you like , you know that it is acceptable English , but that does n't fit your purpose , does it .
COMMENT # 33 [ Permalink ]
... Doug said on 8/2/2009 @ 8:41 am PT ...
Reg : Nobody dictates what the goals of the truth movement are .
The truth movement is whatever the millions of people that make it up want it to be , it is a bunch of completely disconnected individuals speaking for themselves and doing what suits them , you do not speak for them and certainly you do not speak for me .
The reality is the only real investigation at least before and probably after the dollar collapses will come from individuals and individual groups .
The government is not going to investigate this .
You have to remove the very well ingrained ruling elite from power , which with all the government entitlement programs would take a catastrophe and then a revolution for your fantasy government it to do anything approaching what you claim it can do .
I am all for another sham investigation , but corruption rules just like it always has and the state is a criminal enterprise by nature anyway .
COMMENT # 34 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/2/2009 @ 8:59 am PT ...
COMMENT # 35 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/2/2009 @ 11:39 am PT ...
You know what 's bizarre about rightwingers ?
They 'll believe something like Obama was n't born in the U.S. , which really has no evidence .
But , they wo n't explore about 9/11 , questions reputable people have , such as : scientists , engineers , pilots , some government employees , eyewitnesses , professors of physics & mathematics , etc ...
That 's why I question the official 9/11 story .
That 's why I do n't question Obama not being born in the U.S. I see no evidence of it .
Evidence and claims by reputable people are what count to me .
I do n't believe what I " want to believe " .
I look at the evidence presented , and also use my own brain and logic , and make my own decision .
I do n't care what party anyone is in , that 's irrelevant .
COMMENT # 36 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/2/2009 @ 11:40 am PT ...
It seems to me , that the " official " 9/11 story is mostly pushed by politicians , not experts .
And 99 % of politicians are NOT " reputable " .
COMMENT # 37 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/2/2009 @ 11:43 am PT ...
The 9/11 commission was run by Zelikow , who had ties to Condi Rice and Republicans .
Do you call that " independent " ?
Absolutely not !
And Bush first stonewalled ANY investigation , does anyone remember that ?
THEN ... his first choice to lead an " independent " investigation and commission was : HENRY KISSINGER !!!
Does anyone remember all of this ???
COMMENT # 38 [ Permalink ]
... Big Dan said on 8/2/2009 @ 11:43 am PT ...
There was NEVER an official " independent " investigation of 9/11 .
PERIOD !!!
COMMENT # 39 [ Permalink ]
... Floridiot said on 8/2/2009 @ 12:28 pm PT ...
Danno , watch that dude at # 34 link , he 'll answer a lot of your questions
COMMENT # 40 [ Permalink ]
... Heil Mary said on 8/2/2009 @ 5:05 pm PT ...
Bill Rodriguez , the valiant WTC janitor , mentioned something very scary about a hideous machine - like noise he heard from an " empty renovated floor " as he was helping the firefighters .
He did n't investigate , but I wondered if heavy support machines that could have been keeping " supporting " sliced - through steel beams in place were being rolled back to facilitate the collapse or some other similar scenario of robot machines slicing the beams .
COMMENT # 41 [ Permalink ]
... OperationNorthwoods said on 8/2/2009 @ 6:49 pm PT ...
It 's all lies .
Osama Bin Laden is still hiding in his cave plotting his next deadly attack on his Macbook .
He lives in a deep underground high tech complex in the caves of Afghanistan .
He is like one of those evil bad guys in the James Bond movies .
He has a secret base and not even an army can find him .
He is the real world Dr Evil .
Now THAT is a " conspiracy theory " !!!
A very implausible one at that but that 's exactly what all of the idiots that believe in the official version of events believe .
Grow a brain people and do some research .
COMMENT # 42 [ Permalink ]
... Marc Authier said on 8/2/2009 @ 10:45 pm PT ...
Ben Laden was the perfect fall guy .
911 was an inside job .
We knew all along .
By the way , the Bush family has still wonderful relations with the Ben Laden family .
Who is the biggest sponsor of terrorism in the world ?
The CIA .
COMMENT # 43 [ Permalink ]
... Anon said on 8/3/2009 @ 9:20 am PT ...
I 'm surprised to see this posted here so late and taken so out of context .
This " news " has been around for YEARS !
The US gvt was using Osama for information .
Yes .
Known fact for a long time .
After 9/11 that stopped .
I do n't see how this is proof that it was an inside job ...
A lot of people in Washington and the intelligence community did know something was going to happen .
There was a major communication breakdown in our government involving the way the CIA , FBI and Whitehouse communicate .
Regards to Comment 2 :
Totally irrelevant .
One story is obviously more believable than others .
I could just as easily say equally irrelevant stories to try and refute your argument as well .
You have succeeded in nothing .
Regards to Comment 17 :
How much do you know about explosives and demolitions ?
I have studied physics for many years and I noticed nothing unusual about the speed at which the buildings collapsed .
This is n't because I 'm uneducated , just that there was nothing unusual .
COMMENT # 44 [ Permalink ]
... Washington News said on 8/3/2009 @ 11:32 pm PT ...
it is an interesting website about the Turkish Gladio in Washington DC .
http://washingtonhaber.blogspot.com/
COMMENT # 45 [ Permalink ]
... Doug said on 8/5/2009 @ 12:12 pm PT ...
Anon :
You do not have to study any physics at all , but if you would have understood what that were suppose to teach you in your high school physics class , if you actually took it , you would know that WTC 1 , 2 , and 7 could not come down like that unless energy was no only added but timed and targeted correctly to achieve the results we saw .
It is not rocket science to figure this out , grade school kids can figure this out .
911 Gravity and The World Trade Center Sibel Edmonds is not needed to prove 911 was an inside job or a false flag operation of sorts , she just has more evidence to that already overwhelming conclusion .
COMMENT # 46 [ Permalink ]
... Anon said on 8/6/2009 @ 12:56 pm PT ...
Really Doug ?
Really ?
Rather than give any reason you just say " it 's obvious ! "
Look .
I payed attention in high school as well as through my university years .
Nothing seems " obvious " except that maybe you do n't actually understand the concepts of momentum and impulse .
Also , I see you mention the fact that the building was designed to withhold whatever ...
Design and build are very different things .
Keep that in mind .
I see people all the time who claim things like you do but I never see any kind of documentation of credibility to back up the claims .
COMMENT # 47 [ Permalink ]
... Agent 99 said on 8/6/2009 @ 4:59 pm PT ...
Evidently you did n't pay enough attention ....
COMMENT # 48 [ Permalink ]
... SanderO said on 8/6/2009 @ 7:51 pm PT ...
Why does n't Sibel simply speak out and let the chips fall where they may ?
What criminal charges and penalties would she face ?
Might she not be acquitted based on her revelations ?
Would n't she get enormous support from the people ?
COMMENT # 49 [ Permalink ]
... G Achin said on 8/12/2009 @ 6:32 am PT ...
It is a truly groundbreaking event that Sibel 's direct experience / knowledge as witnessed is now becoming testimony and that this much has now finally made it out from the gag world into the legally deposed world .
This one is about Sibel Edmonds ungagged ; a long awaited moment that should be appreciated truly as it is , for what it is .
This is Sibel Edmonds ' train , this train
it do n't carry no truthers platforms ,
no hitch hiker honkin horns ,
no who was on first running boards ...
... not this train ...
This one 's flagged for Sibel ungagged .
COMMENT # 50 [ Permalink ]
... Noa Body said on 9/11/2009 @ 9:17 pm PT ...
If Osama Bin Ladin really worked for the U.S. up until 9/11 , and if he is really pissed off at US , then would n't the second greatest harm he could do to US be to admit that he worked for US up to 9/11 ?
Would n't the first greatest harm he could do to us be to prove he worked for US ?
He has n't done any of that , which tells me two things - he never worked for US , or , he still does work for US and his bosses do n't want him to go that far .
This kind of thinking can make US nutty .
COMMENT # 51 [ Permalink ]
... oldtimer said on 9/13/2009 @ 6:17 pm PT ...
Archaeology on television can seem like an activity for geeks in white coats and blokes in over - sized jumpers .
But its range of activities is so wide – from laboratory to museum , from excavation to historic building – almost anyone can find a welcome somewhere .
Master our quick guide , and you will soon sound like a proper digger .
Key concepts
Site :
A place where something happened in the past that could be or is the subject of excavation .
Evaluation : Research , including the digging of narrow " trial trenches " ( often with machines ) , to establish the quality of preservation at a site and its significance ( Time Team digs are often described as evaluations ) .
Excavation :
The real McCoy , from a few days digging in a farmyard , to years investigating 75 hectares ( 185 acres ) by 80 field archaeologists , with a laboratory and 27 computers on site , prior to the opening of Heathrow Terminal 5 .
Fill : Disturbed earth , rubble , etc , found beneath the surface , indicative of human activity .
Natural : Undisturbed geological strata at the bottom of the site .
Spoil : Excavated dirt that supposedly contains no finds ( it ends up being dumped on the spoilheap ) .
Find :
Any item worthy of individual attention , such as a coin , piece of pottery or animal bone .
Feature : Anything such as a pit , ditch or stain in the ground , typically with an origin and purpose that is not immediately obvious .
Structure : A former building or erection of any kind , indicated by post holes , wall foundations , etc .
Layer : Deposit of material that seems to have been made during one particular time .
Context : Perhaps the most important concept .
Something distinct in the ground , such as a layer or feature that represents a definable unit of time , is known as a context ; a grave , for example , might have a context number for the grave pit that was dug , another for the coffin and body placed there , and a third for the fill ( the backfilling of the grave ) .
Relationships between contexts ( for example , that between one grave and another it was dug through ) are recorded in a matrix , which on large urban sites can be extremely complex .
Stratigraphy : the science of unravelling how everything on the site got there and in what order ( sequence ) , through study of finds , structures and contexts .
Key personal equipment
● Hard hat , high - visibility jacket and steel - toed boots ( commercial excavation ) .
● Sunglasses , sunhat and tanning lotion ( university excavation ) .
● Pointing trowel : first recorded archaeological use in 1808 , since when it has been an essential mark of pride , professionalism and one - upmanship – the more worn and less useful the trowel , the more prestigious .
Key stages of a dig
1. Deciding why , where and when to dig .
This can take months or years , with the initial impetus likely to be a threat to a known or suspected site ( eg from coastal erosion or office development ) , or a research inquiry at an unthreatened site ( eg Stonehenge ) .
Often involves planning and permit issues , and always requires finding funds ( from the developer , or grants ) .
2. Running the dig – the easy bit .
Not all jobs mean you get cold , wet , bruised , grazed and dirty , but most do .
Education and outreach ( letting the public in ) is seen as essential on large digs , though commercial sites can be secretive .
3. Post - excavation .
The longest and most expensive stage , in which the records , finds and scientific samples are sorted and analysed , and hopefully used to produce a narrative of the site 's history that will be published .
Why is everything old underground ?
Aside from structures that are still standing , most everyday things of past lives have all disappeared ; the exceptions are items that somehow became embedded in the ground and preserved .
If someone in the past dug down , for example to make a grave , a pit for food storage or a drainage ditch , sooner or later the hole will have been filled in .
A skilled archaeologist can identify the ancient excavation and the fill it contains , which will often include deliberately buried or discarded artefacts and other remains .
Ancient land surfaces ( much sought after by archaeologists ) can be preserved by accidental burial .
This can occur artificially ( when a burial mound is raised , it preserves the surface on which it stands : at Silbury Hill , the huge neolithic mound in Wiltshire , even the grass survives , preserved by the lack of oxygen ) ; or naturally , such as beneath blown sand or mudflows ( at Boxgrove , West Sussex , a massive cliff fall 470,000 years ago buried the ground on which early humans sat around a water hole waiting for large game ) .
Anything on the ground surface left alone for long enough will sink down 10 –30 cm beneath an accumulation of earthworm casts .
Charles Darwin demonstrated this process in his best - selling book of his lifetime , Vegetable Mould & Earth - worms ( 1881 ) .
What to say when you visit a dig
● " I can't believe you sorted out the relationship between context 375B and the fill of cut 233 .
That took real skill . "
● " I saw your outreach presentation on YouTube – cool , dude . "
● " I 've never seen such a worn trowel . "
● " Can I buy you a pint ? "
What not to say when you visit a dig
● " I 've brought this stone I found in my garden .
I 'm sure it 's a prehistoric tool – look . "
● ( As you clean a smear from your Manolos with a wet wipe ) " I 'd love to be an archaeologist , it 's so romantic . "
● " Are you looking for dinosaurs ? "
● " Found anything yet ? "
How can I get started ?
Many archaeologists are keen to share their experiences with others , and encourage visits .
The Council for British Archaeology promotes appreciation and care of the historic environment .
Its website lists excavations , conferences and advice on how to get involved .
I Love the Past reviews historic properties , museums and excavations .
The magazines British Archaeology and Current Archaeology regularly feature excavations .
Look out for Portable Antiquities Scheme meetings in your area ( England and Wales only ) , when archaeologists linked to the British Museum hold public " finds days " .
Mike Pitts is editor of British Archaeology
Yusup Saadulaev is one of the area ’s more dynamic fighters .
He mixes a slick submission game , courtesy Brazilian Jiu Jitsu champion Christian Uflacker , with improving stand - up skills honed at Team Toro Muay Thai .
Watch Yusup in action at the latest Total Fight Challenge event .
Consumer spending has risen in both France and Germany The French and German economies both grew by 0.3 % between April and June , bringing to an end year - long recessions in Europe 's largest economies .
Stronger exports and consumer spending , as well as government stimulus packages , contributed to the growth .
The data came as a surprise , with few analysts expecting Germany and France to start to recover so soon .
But economic activity in the eurozone fell by 0.1 % , showing the region as a whole is still in recession .
It was the fifth consecutive quarter of economic contraction in the eurozone , but was a marked improvement on the 2.5 % drop recorded in the first three months of the year .
UK reaction ANALYSIS Hugh Pym , Chief economics correspondent Germany and France can now say they are technically out of recession , while the UK is still in it .
The UK government 's claims that it is a global recession maybe rings a little less true in terms of the mood music from each country over the last couple of days .
We 've had the French finance minister hailing the figures as a sign of recovery and more optimistic noises from the US Federal Reserve .
Yet at the same time the governor of the Bank of England has said the recovery in the UK will be slow and protracted .
The key question now is whether , over the next year , the UK is going to be helped by Germany and France or held back by things like household debt and the state of our banking system .
Q&A : Why are France and Germany out of recession and UK is not ?
Markets reacted positively to the news , with the main German and French markets up more than 1 % at midday before later dropping back slightly .
In London , the FTSE 100 index also rose , with traders anticipating a positive effect on the UK economy , which by contrast shrank by 0.8 % in the second quarter .
Asked about why the UK seemed to be lagging behind , Business Secretary Lord Mandelson said : " Different economies will show different patterns of behaviour . "
" But the key point is all these economies rely on each other ; 55 to 56 % of our trade is with the rest of Europe .
So when [ they are ] recovering that is good news for our manufacturers and our exports here . "
France and Germany may have been less hard hit than the UK by the global economic slowdown because their financial sectors , which were at the heart of the crisis , account for a smaller proportion of their economies .
Export recovery Germany was thrown into recession earlier in the year because its exports collapsed .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
The latest figures showed German exports had grown at their fastest pace for nearly three years at 7 % , with particularly strong growth in demand from rapidly - growing economies such as China .
The country 's Federal Statistics Office said that household and government expenditure had also boosted growth .
It added that imports had declined " far more sharply than exports , which had a positive effect on GDP growth " .
" These [ GDP ] figures should encourage us , " said Germany 's Economy Minister Karl - Theodor zu Guttenberg .
" They show that the strongest decline in economic performance likely lies behind us . "
Reaction among analysts to the signs of Germany 's recovery , however , was mixed .
" The recession has ended , and it has ended sooner than we all thought .
We expect to see growth of 1 % in the third quarter , which is very strong for Germany , and I would n't rule out the chance of even better growth , " said Andreas Rees at Unicredit .
But there are concerns that the banking system across Europe is still fragile and that the growth is reliant on government stimulus spending that will eventually have to come to an end .
BBC Europe business reporter Mark Sanders said that although the surprise news was highly welcome for those that have been suffering , there were questions about how strong and credible the economic recovery is .
" To draw a medical analogy , we 've got the patient waking from a coma and talking to medical staff , " he said .
" They 're not necessarily going to be running any marathons soon . "
Consumer spending
In France , economy minister Christine Lagarde said : " The data is very surprising .
After four negative quarters
France is coming out of the red . "
Ms Lagarde said that consumer spending and strong exports had helped to pull France out of recession .
CASE STUDY
Plastics manufacturer Wirthwein Nauen , Germany Chief executive Ulf Sauerwald says his business is growing .
Orders are rising and it is taking on more staff .
" Turnover in the whole group increased from 15 to 20 % at the start of the year .
We 've had major new orders coming in , have developed new products in the car sector and are planning to open a new factory in Spain , " he says .
But the workers on the factory floor are not seeing a recovery yet .
" It is tough right now ... we do n't get paid overtime and do n't buy expensive stuff like cars , " says employee Christopher Schmidt .
Read your comments
" What we see is that consumption is holding up , " she said .
Official figures showed that household consumption rose by 0.4 % in the second quarter .
She said government incentive schemes for trading in old cars , together with falling prices , were helping consumers .
Foreign trade contributed 0.9 % to the GDP figure - a " very strong impact " , said Ms Lagarde .
" [ The figures are ] a positive surprise , as many people were expecting slightly negative numbers , " said Marie Diron at Oxford Economics .
But she warned that growth was " still very fragile " .
" Investment is down , we still have surprisingly low stock levels , and growth is boosted by the fact that imports fell sharply , " she added .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
OpenOffice is possibly one among the finest examples on what can be achieved in the world of Free Software .
For starters , OpenOffice is an office application suite in the lines of Microsoft Office and is available for Windows , Mac and Linux .
The latest stable release is OpenOffice 3.1 .
You may want to know how to install OpenOffice 3.1 in Ubuntu .
Now let us take a look at the list of extensions you could use in OpenOffice .
As you can infer , using this extension you could actually import and modify PDF documents .
Text attributes like font family , font size , weight ( bold , not bold ) , style ( italic , not italic ) are imported together with their respective text .
With the help of this extension you could retain font appearance , when a PDF file uses a font not installed on your system .
It can even help you in importing password - protected PDF files
This is one among the most sought after extensions for OpenOffice .
It is basically a port of old format of OED United Kingdom english dictionary to extension format .
http://extensions.services.openoffice.org/project/en_GB-oed
If you are an OpenOffice user and you are disappointed about the unavailability of good quality templates for documents and presentations , this is the extension you are looking for .
This template pack consists of about 120 professional quality templates for OpenOffice.org Writer , Calc and Impress .
A little macro that adds a ' Insert / Page number ' dialog to writer .
It eases the way you can add page numbers to a document .
On top of that , it is compatible with large number of languages including French , Brazilian , Portuguese , Czech , Danish , Dutch , English , German , Hungarian , Italian , Japanese , Norwegian , Polish , Russian , Serbian , Slovenian , Spanish , Swedish , and Ukrainian .
Obba provides a bridge from spreadsheets to Java classes .
With Obba , you can easily build spreadsheet GUIs ( Excel or OpenOffice ) to Java code .
Some of its features include loading of arbitrary jar or class files at runtime through an spreadsheet function , instantiation of Java objects , storing the object reference under a given object label , serialisation and de-serialisation and so on .
This extension add one theme to your gallery with more than 100 signs dealing with security , not as bitmap but as vector graphic in ODF format .
You may modify them or retrieve some parts to build your own signs .
The latest version of this extension 0.9 is released lately .
Sun Presentation Minimizer is used to reduce the file size of the current presentation .
Images will be compressed , and data that is no longer needed will be removed .
The Sun Presentation Minimizer can optimize the image quality size .
Presentations designed for screen or projector do not require the same high quality as presentations designed for print .
The Presenter Console Extension provides more control over your slide show presentation , such as the ability to see the upcoming slide , the slide notes , and a presentation timer whereas the audience see only the current slide .
To avoid confusions by displaying a large number of presentation elements , the Presenter Console displays the elements on three different easily changeable views .
Download
Sun Report Builder
Create with the Sun Report Builder stylish , smart - looking database reports .
The flexible report editor can define group and page headers as well as group and page footers and even calculation fields are available to accomplish complex database reports .
This Extension contains parts of OxygenOffice Project .
This project creates and collects templates , galleries and other useful extras for OpenOffice.org and release them as easy - to - install Extension packages .
Also you can download OxygenOffice Professional product which is a bundled Openoffice.org installer with all available extras .
Another good collection of templates .
You can use this template compilation to create professional documents , tables , forms and presentation from prepared templates in no time .
Some of the interesting features included in this extension include fast selection preset regular and extended expressions , searched or replaced text can contain one or more paragraphs , multiple search and replacement in one step and many more .
Writer 's Tools is a set of utilities designed to help OpenOffice.org users perform a wide range of tasks .
Using Writer 's Tools , you can back up documents , look up and translate words and phrases , manage text snippets , and keep tabs on document statistics .
This is among the most downloaded extenions .
Download
Sun Wiki Publisher
The Sun Wiki Publisher enables you to create Wiki articles on MediaWiki servers without having to know the syntax of the MediaWiki markup language .
Publish your new and existing documents transparently with the Writer to a wiki page .
Using this extension you could sync your openoffice with Google Docs , Zoho and WebDAV .
You can export / import your scribbling , articles , spreadsheets , presentations et al to and from Openoffice to googledocs , zoho and webdav servers .
Draw module of OpenOffice.org makes it possible to make technical drawing .
CADOO.o adds some functions that one can find in other CAD .
This Addon was written in python with use of the module pyuno .
http://extensions.services.openoffice.org/project/cadooo
This extension will add two new items to the File ->
Templates menu that allows to assign a new template to documents .
All styles and formatting will be loaded from that template and the documents will behave as it was created using that template .
The O3Spaces Workplace is a web2.0 OpenOffice.org collaboration and document management extension .
The O3Spaces Workplace is available as a free to use Community Edition , offering integrated OpenOffice.org collaboration and document features for teams and workgroups .
You can organize your important family dates and contact information with this database .
It can produce a list of upcoming birthdays & anniversaries , print address labels , store miscellaneous family information , and export the contact information to PDA .
If you are new to OpenOffice Base , this can serve as an introduction .
Compose Special Characters lets you type two or three characters and use a keyboard shortcut to convert them into a single accented or special character .
Writer and Calc are currently supported .
The Switchboard extension generates a Switchboard / Main Menu interface to access Base forms and reports .
The switchboard can be grouped into categories , each of which can contain any number of menu entries .
Furthermore , you can specify the size and screen location of the form to be opened .
Download
Kaleidoscope
This is an extension for Draw .
This extension draws patterns of shapes , grouped objects and bitmap pictures , rotating and scaling them , and , if possible , changing fillcolors and linecolors .
You draw a few shapes or paste it from somewhere , select them with mouse and then go to Tools --> Add-ons menu in OpenOffice.org Draw .
Download
OpenCards -
A free flashcard learning extension for Impress
OpenCards is a flashcard learning extension for OpenOffice Impress .
The basic idea of OpenCards is to use slide - titles as flashcard fronts and the slide contents as their backs .
Based on state - of - the - art memorization and scheduling algorithms OpenCards will help you to learn any set of flashcards .
This extension enabels rapid coloring tablerows with different colors to selected or used areas .
With this extension you could import all shape types and images , elements defs /use , links , video , audio and so on .
It has some issues with OpenOffice 3.1 though .
http://extensions.services.openoffice.org/project/SVGTiny2OOWant
More .
Here is the full list of extensions available with OpenOffice
Storm chasers drive towards tornados , hoping to photograph them from up close and study them as they 're happening .
But usually they just get close .
Not last week , when these storm chasers went inside a twister .
Advertisement
This happened last week in Goshen co. , Wyoming , the clip taken by the TornadoVideos. net SRV Dominator .
The footage is impressive not because of what it does capture ( the inside of a tornado ) but also because of what it does n't ( girlish screaming and crying ) .
[ TornadoVideos.net via Neatorama ]
Print reporters in the White House press corps are seething at perceived slights against them by President Obama and his team .
Many print journalists see their role being diminished as Obama and his aides seem to lavish attention on television anchors and reporters and on liberal bloggers , and this is raising the adversarial tone at the daily briefings of Press Secretary Robert Gibbs .
Monday , Gibbs was asked pointedly if Obama would call on the same news organizations that he has chosen in his past news conferences — about a dozen — and members of the press corps took this as a sign that the print reporters are n't going to let the preferential - treatment issue die .
Obama , in four full - scale news conferences so far in his presidency ( three in prime time ) , makes a habit of picking — in advance — representatives of the Associated Press , Reuters , Bloomberg , ABC , CBS , NBC , CNN , and Fox News .
He usually adds a liberal voice , such as a blogger , and a member of a minority - oriented news organization .
And since his opening statement tends to be a minispeech and his answers usually run long , this leaves little time to call on other reporters in the hourlong format .
Reporters at Gibbs 's briefing Monday also raised objections to Obama 's practice of preselecting those he calls on and operating from a list .
Many reporters consider this too manipulative and too rigidly orchestrated .
But Gibbs declined to agree to make any changes .
Gibbs 's briefings and Obama 's news conferences have taken on a more adversarial tone in recent weeks as Obama 's agenda has run into trouble on Capitol Hill and as his approval ratings have declined .
This is expected to continue tonight at Obama 's scheduled 8 p.m. news conference .
For their part , White House aides say the president mostly wants to make his case , again , for fast action on overhauling the healthcare system .
Tags
As most readers will know , a collection of damning quotes has surfaced recently , exposing Paul Krugman , the doyen of the economic Left , as having been completely backward on the most material economic event in our generation : the housing bubble .
My recent article on the subject , " Krugman 's Intellectual Waterloo , " has elicited some pretty heated rearguard apologetics , which , in the present article , I 'd like to sum up and knock down .
The first quotes that surfaced are from a 2002 editorial by Krugman .
This was followed by a cluster of even more damning 2001 quotes collected by Mark Thornton .
The first editorial could be twisted , if one was inclined to twist , into something seemingly benign .
The second wave of quotes is much harder to mischaracterize ( which is not to say that the most unquestioning of Krugman 's devotees do n't try ) .
The laziest tactic of the Krugman apologists is to only address the more stretchable 2002 editorial , and completely ignore the 2001 quotes .
But not even that approach , if accepted , helps Krugman 's case , since the 2002 editorial is damning enough on its own , once the benign interpretations of Krugman 's apologists are shown to be nonsense .
One protestation offered has been that a quotation offered in my " Waterloo " piece omits the context , which shows that Krugman was " merely " quoting someone else :
To fight this recession the Fed needs … soaring household spending to offset moribund business investment .
[ So ] Alan Greenspan needs to create a housing bubble to replace the Nasdaq bubble .
The last sentence quoted reads in full ,
And to do that , as Paul McCulley of Pimco put it , Alan Greenspan needs to create a housing bubble to replace the Nasdaq bubble .
" Partisan misquoting ! " the apologists cry .
But lets pull the lens back even further , and add even more context by including the whole paragraph , and the one preceding it .
A few months ago the vast majority of business economists mocked concerns about a ' ' double dip , '' a second leg to the downturn .
But there were a few dogged iconoclasts out there , most notably Stephen Roach at Morgan Stanley .
As I 've repeatedly said in this column , the arguments of the double - dippers made a lot of sense .
And their story now looks more plausible than ever .
The basic point is that the recession of 2001 was n't a typical postwar slump , brought on when an inflation - fighting Fed raises interest rates and easily ended by a snapback in housing and consumer spending when the Fed brings rates back down again .
This was a prewar - style recession , a morning after brought on by irrational exuberance .
To fight this recession the Fed needs more than a snapback ; it needs soaring household spending to offset moribund business investment .
And to do that , as Paul McCulley of Pimco put it , Alan Greenspan needs to create a housing bubble to replace the Nasdaq bubble .
[ Emphasis added . ]
So the first paragraph introduces the " double - dipper iconoclasts " , and then clearly states that he , Krugman , agrees with them .
The second paragraph then outlines the " basic point " of the double - dippers , which again , he agrees with .
And the basic point in question is that to " fight this recession the Fed … needs soaring household spending . "
Krugman then continues to say how the Fed would need to accomplish this goal , which again , he supports ; he says that the recession needs to be fought with soaring household spending , which Alan Greenspan needs to induce by creating a housing bubble to replace the Nasdaq bubble .
By writing , " as Paul McCulley of Pimco put it " , Krugman is not " merely " quoting another person ; he is using someone else 's phraseology to express his own opinion .
Another protestation is that Krugman was saying the housing bubble wo n't work , since later in the editorial he wrote ,
Judging by Mr. Greenspan 's remarkably cheerful recent testimony , he still thinks he can pull that off .
But the Fed chairman 's crystal ball has been cloudy lately ; remember how he urged Congress to cut taxes to head off the risk of excessive budget surpluses ?
And a sober look at recent data is not encouraging .
But this protestation completely ignores the fact that when Krugman wrote in the editorial ,
Despite the bad news , most commentators , like Mr. Greenspan , remain optimistic .
and
But wishful thinking aside , I just do n't understand the grounds for optimism .
Who , exactly , is about to start spending a lot more ?
[ Emphasis added . ]
he was clearly characterizing a housing bubble as an object of optimism , whether or not he thought it was possible .
In other words , at best , Krugman could be interpreted as saying that it would be great if Greenspan could pull off a housing bubble , but that he , Krugman , doubts whether he 'll be able to accomplish such a worthy feat .
So it should be clear that the Fed causing a housing bubble in order to bring about " soaring household spending " was Krugman 's optimal situation , whether or not he thought it was doable at the time .
Given the consequences of the housing bubble that did ultimately happen , that alone should be enough cause for the public to stop listening to this fellow .
Another question is , how did he see the Fed bringing about his optimal situation ?
He answered this question himself in a 2002 interview with Lou Dobbs ( which can be found here , though not at the page originally linked to in Thornton 's collection ) :
Low interest rates , which promote spending on housing and other durable goods , are the main answer .
[ Emphasis added . ]
This brings us to the key point that all the Krugman apologists egregiously ignore : namely that it would be surprising if such an arch - Keynesian economist as Krugman ( he 's written extensively on what he has called " the greatness of Keynes " ) did n't adovocate a housing bubble to replace the dot - com bubble , since doing so would dovetail perfectly with basic Keynesian doctrine .
As a Keynesian , Krugman should have wanted lower interest rates ( as he actually did want , as is revealed by the previous quote ) .
To quote Keynes himself ,
Thus the remedy for the boom is not a higher rate of interest but a lower rate of interest !
For that may enable the so - called boom to last .
The right remedy for the trade cycle is not to be found in abolishing booms and thus keeping us permanently in a semi-slump ; but in abolishing slumps and thus keeping us permanently in a quasi-boom .
( General Theory , p. 322 ; emphasis added , but the exclamation point is Keynes 's own . )
To be true to his Keynesian principles , Krugman ought to have to welcomed the housing bubble , since to him
it was a good way to achieve his coveted " soaring household spending " , and it was the likely result of Keynesianism - prescribed lower interest rates .
Now let 's take a look at some more recent and more directly damning evidence of Krugman 's pro-bubble economics .
In my recent article , I pointed out that in Krugman 's 2001 editorial , he implicitly agreed with the Onion 's facetious call for a new bubble to replace the old one .
In a brilliant comment left in Krugman 's own blog ( which you can still read until it gets " moderated " ( purged ) , as is the fate of many critical comments there ) , one " M Ingelmo " reveals , in a most devastating manner , that in 2009 Krugman explicitly agreed with the Onion piece .
Mr. Krugman , I do n’t know if you were on the grassy knoll , too , but you certainly were in Spain in March , chatting with that most fervent of your admirers , Prime Minister Mr. Zapatero , and interviewed in the Spanish public TV channel .
Since these days a video is worth a thousand words , allow me to quote you and say : " guys , watch it for yourselves " .
The program is about other things , innovation , and in Spanish ( sorry ) , so go straight to the 35 seconds in the interview after minute 2:50 .
Under the Spanish translation I ’m sure you ’ll be able to hear the English original .
Quite enlightening :
To be honest , a new bubble now would help us out a lot even if we paid for it later .
This is a really good time for a bubble …
There was a headline in a satirical newspaper in the US last summer that said : " The nation demands a new bubble to invest in "
And that ’s pretty much right .
http://www.rtve.es/mediateca/videos/20090502/innovar-para-salir-crisis-informe-semanal/495712.shtml
Not a piece of policy advocacy ?
Just economic analysis ?
Will it look like it to all your defenders and commentators here ?
Personally I am delighted with the words " pay for it later " ; are we paying right now for the last one , advocated in 2002 , or maybe not enough yet , Mr. Krugman ?
If governments follow your " not-a- piece-of - policy - advocacy - just - economic - analysis " , ( as it seems certain at least with ours ) , when that new bubble thus inflated eventually bursts , and we are " paying for it " in a few years time , what will you write in your blog then , Mr. Krugman ?
But perhaps the most instructive lesson out of all this is that , implicit in Krugman 's quotes , there is a big fat finger of blame pointed directly ( and correctly ) at the Federal Reserve .
Krugman himself would only admit to blaming other factors for our present crisis .
But , if
$ 32 $ 22 " It would be surprising if such an arch - Keynesian economist as Krugman did n't adovocate a housing bubble to replace the dot - com bubble … "
as any sane person will recognize in hindsight , the housing bubble was disastrous for the economy as Krugman himself stated , the Fed can induce such a bubble by lowering interest rates , and as the public record shows , the Fed did drastically lower interest rates in the time leading up to , and in the thick of , the housing bubble ,
then according to the vanishingly few economic principles Krugman actually gets right , he should blame the Fed for the present crisis .
Although somehow I doubt he 'll be supporting the " Audit the Fed " campaign , or Ron Paul 's Federal Reserve Transparency
Act anytime soon .
As it turns out , Krugman 's apologists should n't demand more context for his notorious quotes , since it only shines even more light on how confused and backward he is as an economist .
Thousands of women in the UK may be taking antidepressants prescribed by their GPs without knowing that the pills , which are hard to stop taking , could cause birth defects in unborn children .
The problems relate to a class of drug known as SSRIs ( selective serotonin reuptake inhibitors ) , which includes Prozac and , in particular , the British - made Seroxat .
Several studies have shown a link to birth defects , particularly malformed hearts , in a small proportion of the babies born to women who were taking the drug in the early weeks of pregnancy .
Most GPs in the UK believe that these drugs are safer than older antidepressants .
Seroxat has been marketed to women as a drug to relieve anxiety and depression .
In the US , the Food and Drug Administration , which licences medicines , issued a warning in 2005 and changed the status of Seroxat , which is sold there under the brand name Paxil .
The FDA warns doctors " not to prescribe Paxil in women who are in the first three months of pregnancy or are planning pregnancy , unless other treatment options are not appropriate " .
The UK regulator , the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Authority ( MHRA ) wrote to doctors telling them to prescribe Seroxat for pregnant women only when the benefits outweigh the risks .
The National Institute for Health and Clinical Excellence ( Nice ) also urged caution .
But experts including Dr Tim Kendall , joint director of the National Collaborating Centre for Mental Health which wrote the Nice guidelines on depression , say GPs are still giving SSRIs to pregnant women and other women of childbearing age without warning of the potential dangers .
Most psychiatrists he knew would no longer prescribe Seroxat , said Dr Kendall .
" But in primary care it is still quite widely prescribed .
GPs are quite flooded with advice .
It is unlikely they will have picked up a specialist piece of advice from Nice about mental health . "
In the US , a series of legal actions is about to begin .
Lawyers representing women suing the manufacturer of Seroxat , GlaxoSmithKline , say the British company knew or should have known about the birth defects more than 10 years ago .
GSK denies it , saying it told the authorities as soon as it was aware of the issue .
All the SSRIs are implicated .
According to David Healy , professor of psychiatry in Bangor , Wales , who has been asked to give evidence in the US cases , the rate of birth defects is doubled from 2 % in the general population to 4 % of those on the drugs .
The rate of major defects rises from 1 % to 2 % .
The general rate of miscarriages is 8 % , but 16 % of women on Seroxat miscarry .
Concern about depression in pregnancy has grown in recent years .
Midwives at antenatal clinics are increasingly encouraged to ask pregnant women about their mood and feelings , to pick up any signs of depression which could cause them to harm themselves or fail to bond with the baby when it is born .
Talking therapies should be an option but are often in short supply .
Kendall believes the issue of the SSRIs in pregnancy needs to be addressed .
" They are addictive , " he said .
" The question is should we warn young people before they take them that if they think they might be wanting to get pregnant , these drugs are quite hard to get off ? "
" From the late 1980s there was work which very clearly showed that the SSRI group of drugs ought to be regarded as posing a high risk of birth defects to women in the early stages of pregnancy or when they did n't even know they were pregnant , " said Healy .
One of the SSRI manufacturers , Pfizer which made Zoloft , indicated in the prescribers ' bible , the British National Formulary , that their drug was not recommended for women who might become pregnant .
This warning , said Healy , " probably did very little to deter women from taking the drug or doctors from prescribing it , but GSK went further and actually promoted the drug to women of childbearing age " .
All SSRIs pose a risk , said Healy .
The danger with recent warnings from the FDA and MHRA about Seroxat is that GPs will switch women to another drug of the same class .
Emily Jackson , professor of law at the London School of Economics , believes there may be a case for legal action in the UK .
Cases could potentially be brought against either the GP or the manufacturer for a failure to warn of potential risks .
" The group of patients who often receive an inadequate warning are women who are not currently pregnant or trying to become so , but who are not warned that there is a danger that they will become addicted to paroxetine [ Seroxat ] while they are not pregnant , and will find themselves unable to stop taking it once they become pregnant , perhaps many years later , " she said .
She raises the possibility of an action under the Congenital Disabilities Act of 1976 on behalf of a child injured by antidepressants prescribed for the mother .
She compares the " no alcohol " message put out by the department of health to pregnant women to the " more equivocal advice " on Seroxat and pregnancy .
In both cases , she says , " it seems that women are not to be trusted with making choices for themselves " .
GlaxoSmithKline argues there is still insufficient scientific evidence to prove that the drugs directly cause defects .
A spokesman said : " Tragically , birth defects can occur whether or not the mother was taking medication during pregnancy .
We have monitored reports of foetal exposure to paroxetine since the first studies of the drug and there was no indication of increased risk from studies , adverse event reports or any other source until the summer of 2005 .
" As soon as we became aware of a potential increased risk , we promptly notified regulatory authorities and physicians .
We strongly believe that doctors should be advised of the potential risk of medicines before prescribing them , and the potential risk of paroxetine use during pregnancy is detailed in the information provided with the medicine . "
If there 's anything in life more important than money , it 's how we treat our fellow men and women in this world .
Given the choice , we would reject profiting from criminal activity .
We would n't accept gains made by a murderer and we would n't accept cash from a regime supporting genocide .
It would n't even be a choice -- for most of us .
That 's ...
Leidenschaft Consulting -
optimale Lösungen und perfekte Umsetzungen
Eine professionelle und ansehnliche Webpräsenz ist massgeblich für den ersten Eindruck im World Wide Web verantwortlich .
Mit der richtigen Struktur und einer massgeschneiderten Botschaft , sowohl in der Optik als auch im Inhalt , kann ein Höchstmass an Effizienz geschaffen werden – beruflich sowie auch im privaten Bereich .
Auch Sie möchten den ersten Eindruck Ihrer Präsenz so positiv wie möglich gestalten ?
Dann sind wir als renommierte Online Consulting Agentur der richtige Ansprechpartner .
Wir bieten Ihnen einen individuellen Support und agieren als Wegweiser in der digitalen Welt .
Mit Online Marketing bringen wir Ihre Werbebotschaft nach vorne
Stehen
Sie kurz vor einem Relaunch oder möchten ein neues Produkt auf den Markt bringen ?
Wir stehen Ihnen von der Konzeption über die Produktion bis hin zur Vermarktung durchgehend zur Seite .
Mit unserem Know - how rund um den Bereich Onlinemarketing bringen wir Sie und Ihr Produkt nach vorne .
Schulungen und Seminare - wir zeigen Ihnen , wie „ online “ geht
Sie möchten nicht nur von einer professionellen Unterstützung profitieren , sondern selber Ihr Wissen im Bereich Online auffrischen oder erweitern ?
Dann besuchen
Sie eines unserer Seminare oder vereinbaren
Sie eine individuelle Schulung , die genau auf Ihre Bedürfnisse und die Ihres Business zugeschnitten ist .
Zögern
Sie nicht und kontaktieren
Sie uns noch heute für ein unverbindliches Erstgespräch .
Famed teen - film director John Hughes , the man behind coming - of - age classics such as Ferris Bueller 's Day Off and The Breakfast Club , has died of a heart attack , aged 59 .
A spokeswoman confirmed he collapsed during a morning walk in Manhattan , where he was visiting family .
He grew up in Northbrook , Illinois , a small town in the Chicago suburbs , an area that would come to feature heavily in his movies .
After starting his career as a copywriter at a Chicago advertising agency , he began selling jokes to well known performers of the time , such as Rodney Dangerfield and Joan Rivers .
Eventually he wrote a short story based on family trips as a child that landed him a job on the staff of National Lampoon magazine , the iconic 70s comedy publication , where he worked alongside the likes of P. J. O'Rourke and Michael O'Donoghue .
But it was his gift for the indignities and anxieties of teenage life that would see him emerge as Hollywood 's youth impresario of the 1980s and '90s .
Judd Apatow , the Emmy - Award winning writer - producer - director behind films like Anchorman and the 40 - Year - Old Virgin , said " John Hughes wrote some of the great outsider characters of all time . "
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
With films such as 16 Candles , The Breakfast Club and Ferris Bueller 's Day Off he gave breaks to some of Hollywood 's biggest young stars .
A role in a Hughes ' film is seen as a precondition for membership of The Brat Pack , the nickname given to a group of young actors such as Judd Nelson , Molly Ringwald and Emilio Estevez , who starred in the teen - friendly coming - of - age movies of the mid 80's .
He also scripted The 1990 Christmas movie Home Alone , in which a then unknown 10 - year old Macauley Culkin fends off hapless burglars Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern when his parents accidentally leave him behind when they take the family away for Christmas vacation .
The film became the highest earner at the box office that year and made Culkin an albeit temporary international superstar .
Other actors who got early breaks from Hughes included John Cusack ( " Sixteen Candles " ) , Judd Nelson ( " The Breakfast Club " ) , Steve Carell ( " Curly Sue " ) and Lili Taylor ( " She 's Having a Baby " ) .
He directed established movie stars too , notably Steve Martin and the late John Candy in slapstick comedy Planes , Trains and Automobiles , the latter he and Macauley Culkin teamed up with again in 1989 film Uncle Buck .
As Hughes advanced into middle age , his commercial touch faded and he increasingly withdrew from public life .
His last directing credit was in 1991 , for " Curly Sue . "
Though he wrote just a handful of scripts over the past decade , amongst them was Maid in Manhattan , the 2002 romantic comedy starring Ralph Fiennes and Jennifer Lopez .
He was rarely interviewed or photographed .
He is survived by his wife of 39 years , Nancy , and his two children John and James .
EMPOWERING THE INJURED
Workers ’ Compensation , Personal Injury and Wrongful Death .
There is a reason that insurance companies hire attorneys .
Understanding the legal process is key to protecting yourself and ensuring you receive the settlement you deserve .
We have proudly represented the members of our community for over 20 years .
With combined legal knowledge of over 70 years , our attorneys have the experience required to obtain the results you deserve in Workers ’ Compensation , Personal Injury and Wrongful Death Cases .
Alex Brown , the convenor of the OOXML BRM , has been editing Wikipedia 's article on ODF .
That strikes me odd , like finding out Steve Jobs had been editing the Microsoft Zune page .
Some things are simply inappropriate .
It puzzles me why Wikipedia allows it , frankly .
If you read the talk page on ODF , you 'll see that there are others there trying mightily to spin the article on ODF more negatively than is factual .
And such rudeness !
Plenty of smears against Groklaw too , I could n't help but notice .
It does seem to me that there is a marked increase in what I view as a concerted submarine marketing effort .
Some of it is subtle .
Most of it is not .
A fair measure of it is mean - spirited .
Some of it is lies , pure and simple .
In the good old days , dead people supported Microsoft , if you remember that funny headline about a pro-Microsoft astroturfing campaign , but at least it was n't a smear campaign , just pro-Microsoft .
Nowadays , I think I would have to rewrite the headline to read , " Mean People Support Microsoft . "
Or worse .
You see , Groklaw has been visited recently by several OOXML types , including Alex Brown , Doug Mahugh of Microsoft , and Rick Jelliffe , all singing pretty much the same songs , posting on our ODF articles , so I got to watch it close up .
I puzzled over it , because they seemed so deliberately rude .
Why come here just to be offensive ?
So I 'd remind them that we have a comments policy here , including no ad hominem attacks on anyone .
And they would continue on .
It was so odd .
The last one went away when I told him that if he wished to make a permanent record of how horribly Microsoft supporters conduct themselves , he could post to his heart 's content .
It turns out it 's not just here , and there is evidently a point to it .
Wikipedia is apparently the epicenter .
And what is being posted there is reportedly being used in an anti-ODF FUD campaign by guess who .
I want to reproduce an article called " ODF Lies and Whispers " , Rob Weir just posted on his blog , so you can read all the details and so I can help shine some light on what 's going on .
But mainly I want to show it to you so you will know what the specific FUD is that is being spread , and you will be equipped with the facts .
Why ca n't Microsoft compete fairly on the merits ?
No. Really .
Just once ?
Here 's
Weir 's conclusion :
You obviously can't trust Wikipedia whatsoever in this area .
This is unfortunate , since I am a big fan of Wikipedia .
But since the day when Microsoft decided they needed to pay people to " improve " the ODF and OOXML articles , they have been a cesspool of FUD , spin and outright lies , seemingly manufactured for Microsoft 's re-use in their whisper campaign .
My advice would be to seek out official information on the standards , from the relevant organizations , like OASIS , the chairs of the relevant committees , etc .
Ask the questions in public places and seek a public response .
That is the ultimate weakness of FUD and lies .
They can not stand the light of public exposure .
Sunlight is the best antiseptic .
Wikipedia needs to act , and I hope they will .
And I hope the EU Commission is watching .
Update :
And now for the cherry on top of the scheme , here 's some news from The Register on how Bing is using Wikipedia :
With its new Bing decision engine search engine , Redmond is reproducing Wikipedia entries in their entirety , pulling content from " the free encyclopedia anyone can edit " and tossing it onto Bing pages labeled with a " Reference " tag .
Microsoft is expected to point this out in a blog post sometime today or tomorrow .
" There now is a Wikipedia ' Reference ' vertical that can be accessed through Bing .
Certain queries like ' squirrel monkey ' for example will trigger a reference answer in the Table of Contents .
Click ' Reference ' in the left hand rail and you will be transported to best Wikipedia page for that query , " reads a draft of the post .
But you 're not actually transported to a Wikipedia page .
You 're transported to a reproduction of a Wikipedia page on Microsoft 's own site , where it 's labeled as " Reference " material .
Now we have a closed loop .
Microsoft - friendly folks rewrite Wikipedia articles , which Microsoft then picks up and serves to the world as truth .
Will they correct the articles , when FUD is removed or just continue to serve up their own versions of truth ?
It might be fun to track that going forward .
Not even Stalin himself could do a better job of revisionism , I 'm thinking , since he lacked such clever tools .
- End Update . ]
[ Update 2 : For any who may be new , this May 18 , 2009 article by Elizabeth Montalbano tells us that not only does no one support the OOXML " standard " yet , including Microsoft , but Microsoft has no plans to do so for a while : " An update this year adds support for ECMA - 376 , an earlier version of OOXML standard , to Office 2007 , but Microsoft wo n't support the ISO29500 specification until it releases its forthcoming Office 2010 technology . " ]
Read on for all the smarmy specifics : *****************************
ODF Lies and Whispers
There is an interesting disinformation campaign being waged against ODF .
You wo n't see this FUD splattered across the front pages of blogs or press releases .
It is the kind of stuff that is spread by email and whispers , and you or I rarely will see it .
But occasionally some of this does cross my desk , and I 'd like to share with you some recent examples .
First up is this case , from a small Baltic republic , where a rather large US - based software company was recently arguing for the adoption of OOXML instead of ODF .
Here are some of the points made by this large company in their letter :
There is no software that currently implements ODF as approved by the ISO
( They then link to Alex Brown 's comment from Wikipedia ) .
I think this demonstrates the triangle - trade relationship among Microsoft , Alex Brown ( and others ) and Wikipedia , by which Microsoft FUD is laundered via intermediaries to Wikipedia for publication .
No wonder one of Microsoft 's first actions during their OOXML push was to seize control of the Wikipedia articles on ODF and OOXML via paid consultants .
In any case , Alex 's claims were rebutted long ago .
ODF has a number ( more than a hundred ) of technical flaws which have n't been addressed for 3 years despite change requests addressed to OASIS by countries such as Japan and United Kingdom .
There are discussions between OASIS and ISO / IEC JTC 1 SC 34 regarding true ownership of ISO ODF , which is a reason why the flaws in ISO ODF are n't being addressed .
In a recent SC 34 meeting in Prague a new ISO ODF maintenance committee has been formed because ISO / IEC 26300 : 2006 is not being presently maintained .
This is not true .
First , the ODF TC has received zero defect reports from any ISO / IEC NB other than Japan .
Second , we responded to the Japanese defect report last November .
Amazingly , Alex Brown is implicated in this FUD one as well .
It was false then and it is false now .
At the time Alex was quoted in the press as saying the the ODF TC was not acting on defect reports ( October 8th , 2008 ) , we had in fact already sent our response to the defect report out to public review ( August 7th , 2008 ) after quite a bit of active technical discussion with the submitter of the original defect report ( Murata - san ) .
How Alex translated that into " Their defect reports are being shelved " and " Oasis has not been acting on reports of defects " is beyond me .
It must be particularly embarrassing that the submitter of the defect report wrote to the OASIS list , within days of Alex 's FUD , " I am happy with the way that the errata has been prepared . "
Also observe the triangle - trade route of FUD in this case from Alex to Doug Mahugh to Wikipedia , this time to the OASIS article .
IBM currently recommends not using OASIS ODF 1.1 and to instead use OASIS ODF 1.2 which is currently not complete and will not be complete and ISO certified before 2010 / 2011 .
OASIS on the other hand have started work on ODF 2.0 which will not be backwards compatible .
This is an odd one , demonstrably false .
IBM Lotus Symphony supports ODF 1.1 .
We have no ODF 1.2 support at present .
I wonder where they came up with this one ?
It is totally bizarre .
And although we have started to gather requirements for " ODF - Next " , the contents of that version , and to what degree it will be backwards compatible , has not even been discussed by the TC .
So this is pure FUD , making ODF sound risky to adopt , and then lying about IBM 's support for it , and our position on ODF 1.2 .
The list goes on , including claims that no one supports ODF 1.0 or ODF 1.1 , etc. , but you get the gist of it .
The particulars are interesting , of course , but more so the reckless disregard for the truth and the triangle - trade relationship between bloggers , Wikipedia , and Microsoft 's whisper campaign .
Another current example is part of Microsoft 's attempt to duck and cover from criticism over their interoperability - busting ODF support in Office 2007 SP2 .
I 've heard variations on the following from three different people in three different countries , including from government officials .
So it is getting around .
It goes something like this :
We ( Microsoft ) wanted to be more interoperable with ODF .
In fact we submitted 15 proposals to the ODF TC to improve interoperability , but IBM and Sun voted them down .
Nice story , but not true .
Certainly Microsoft made 15 proposals .
But they were never voted on by the TC , because Microsoft chose not to advance them for a vote .
It was their choice alone and their decision alone not to put these items up for a vote .
I would have been fine with whatever decision Microsoft wanted to make in this situation .
I 'm not criticizing their decision .
I 'm just saying we need to be clear that the outcome was entirely due to their decision , and not to blame IBM or Sun for Microsoft 's choice in this matter .
I think I can trace this FUD back to a May 13th blog post from Doug Mahugh where he wrote :
We then continued submitting proposed solutions to specific interoperability issues , and by the time proposals for ODF 1.2 were cut off in December , we had submitted 15 proposals for consideration .
The TC voted on what to include in version 1.2 , and none of the proposals we had submitted made it into ODF 1.2 .
This certainly is an interesting statement .
There is nothing I can point to that is false here .
Everything here is 100 % accurate .
However , it seems to be reckless in how it neglects the most relevant facts , namely that the proposals did not make it into ODF 1.2 at Microsoft 's sole election .
It is as if Lee Harvey Oswald had written a note : " Went to Dallas and saw a parade today .
Nothing interesting to read at the book repository .
Heard later on the radio that the President was shot " .
This would have been 100 % accurate as well , but not the " whole truth " .
In any case , the rundown of the facts in this question are on the TC 's mailing list .
So what is one to do ?
You obviously can't trust Wikipedia whatsoever in this area .
This is unfortunate , since I am a big fan of Wikipedia .
But since the day when Microsoft decided they needed to pay people to " improve " the ODF and OOXML articles , they have been a cesspool of FUD , spin and outright lies , seemingly manufactured for Microsoft 's re-use in their whisper campaign .
My advice would be to seek out official information on the standards , from the relevant organizations , like OASIS , the chairs of the relevant committees , etc .
Ask the questions in public places and seek a public response .
That is the ultimate weakness of FUD and lies .
They can not stand the light of public exposure .
Sunlight is the best antiseptic .
You 're all going to miss Big Pharma .
Well , the HOLLYWOOD REPORTER has spoiled part of my fun .
How can I properly torment my readers if they 're going to go around printing the news ?
Yes , it 's true .
Jennifer Ehle has been cast as Catelyn Stark .
Most of you will know her best from her portrayal of Elizabeth Bennet in the BBC 's miniseries of PRIDE AND PREJUDICE in 1995 , but she 's got all sorts of other credits , she 's won a BAFTA Award and two Tonys , and she will be a wonderful Catelyn .
Fortunately , even HOLLYWOOD REPORTER does n't know all the cool stuff I know , so I will still be able to smile engimatically and drop sly hints in Montreal .
( I 'll be good , I will , I will ) .
I 'm off tomorrow .
See you there .
Maqsood Sinha and Iftekhar Enayetullah like to talk trash , but that ’s be­­cause they ’re pioneers in Bang­ladesh ’s organic - waste recycling .
They are the founders and directors of Waste Concern .
Since 1995 , this NGO has reduced the amount of urban garbage produced here , created jobs and healthier living environments for poor residents , provided for more - sustainable farming , and cut down on greenhouse - gas emissions .
Bangladesh is one of the world ’s poorest and most populous nations .
Its 150 million people live in an area the size of Iowa and have an average per capita income of about $ 600 per year , according to the Bangladesh Bureau of Statistics .
Because it lacks space for landfills , trash disposal is a major concern .
Every day 3,500 tons of garbage is produced in Dhaka , says Mr. Sinha , a tall formidable man sitting in a conference room at their offices in Dhaka lined with numerous awards .
Almost half of the city ’s trash goes uncollected , Sinha adds .
Dhaka simply does not have the resources to gather and dispose of all that waste .
Most of it is left on the streets or in open trash sites .
But 80 percent of the waste is organic – food waste , such as vegetable and fruit peels , meat scraps , and spoiled fish .
That ’s where Sinha , an architect and urban planner , and Mr. Ena­­ye­­tullah , a civil engineer and urban planner , stepped in .
After earning degrees abroad , they came back to turn organic trash into a profitable resource : compost .
First they concentrated on the areas most urgently affected by uncollected garbage – Dha­ka ’s slums .
More than one - third of the city ’s estimated 11 million people live in slums with no running water or sanitation , let alone trash disposal .
Here , Waste Concern de­­veloped community - based composting ( CBC ) , in which residents put their food scraps into big composting barrels .
The chest - high metal barrels sit on concrete bases and can hold up to 400 pounds of waste .
Specially drilled holes encourage aerobic decomposition .
The barrels are shared among three to seven families , and each family is held accountable for the barrel ’s contents .
They also share in the profits : 7 taka per kilogram ( about 5 cents per pound ) .
CBC is successful , its founders say .
Sinha notes that the program is being replicated in 26 other cities in Bangladesh as well as in other developing nations .
“ We selected the Waste Concern model as the best and tested it in Quy Nhon , Vietnam , and Matale , Sri Lanka , ” says Adnan Hameed Aliani , of the United Nations Economic and Social Commission for Asia and the Pacific .
“ Both projects are working well . ”
Bangladeshi NGO Dushtha Shasthya Kendra ( DSK ; it means Social Welfare Organization ) introduced barrel composting to Vasantek , Dhaka ’s biggest slum , more than a year ago .
Refugees from Bangladesh ’s war of independence from Pakistan established the slum in 1974 , and now an estimated 20,000 live within its 1.25 square miles .
Tidy corrugated - iron shacks line winding paths here , and dotted throughout are 328 blue composting barrels shared by 1,700 families .
Barrel composting is extremely simple .
People like Momtaz Begum simply sweep up their waste and dump it into the barrel .
There is no need to do anything else , the design takes care of all composting needs .
“ I ’m very satisfied with the barrel - composting system , ” she says .
“ Now it ’s more clean and we ’re safer from waste - borne diseases . ”
After three to four months , the waste is collected and allowed to mature in a large shed for 10 to 15 days before it ’s ready to be sold to local farmers .
Muhammad Babul Hossain , one of the slum ’s three compost collectors , did n’t have a job before the barrel program began , but now he ’s one of the slum ’s high - income earners at 4,000 taka ( $ 58 ) per month .
Organic compost costs less than chemical fertilizer , and it has other benefits .
It enriches the soil rather then depleting it the way chemical fertilizers can do .
It sustains the farmland , proponents claim , “ not only for this year , but for the years ahead , ” says Zakir Hossain of research institute Krisoker Saar ( Farmers ’ Voice ) .
DSK hopes to expand the program to the entire slum .
They ’re aiming for 500 barrels that will be given to the community .
After perfecting the community - based composting model , Waste Concern turned its attention to the many tons of organic waste generated by Dhaka ’s business sector , notably its many produce markets .
WC took advantage of the Kyoto Protocol ’s Clean Development Mechanism ( CDM ) to create the world ’s first carbon - trading scheme based on compost .
Last November it launched this new project at its Bulta plant , which lies next to farmland and brick factories a couple of hours northeast of Dhaka .
Initially , this new project collected only 10 tons of organic waste daily from the Karwan Bazar market , but it should reach 100 tons later this month , says deputy plant manager Syed “ Jubilee ” Ahmed .
After the waste is trucked in , it is spread out in open - air bins , monitored carefully , and becomes saleable compost in a little over a month .
Two other CDM composting plants are planned to open this year to handle a combined 700 tons of organic waste per day , says Sinha .
That works out to 233 tons of finished , dry compost every day with a retail value of nearly $ 14,000 .
Composting works well in a nation like Bangladesh because of the tropical climate and high percentage of organic waste in the trash stream .
Organic waste buried in a landfill can generate greenhouse gases , according to the US Environmental Protection Agency .
But when the organic waste is composted in the open air , these gases are not made .
The fact of this negative generation amounts to carbon credits , which can be traded on overseas markets for $ 20 per ton .
“ From one ton of organic waste , ” says Sinha .
“ You can reduce half a ton of greenhouse gas . ”
When it reaches full capacity , this CDM project will reduce CO2 emissions by 127,750 tons per year .
The carbon credits will be worth $ 2.5 million .
“ Waste Concern is doing a commendable job , ” says Quamrul Islam Chowdhury , chairman of Forum of Environmental Journalists of Bangladesh .
“ It is really important to translate those wastes into resources because that will help the country achieve sustainable development in the years ahead . ”
Bash , which is the default shell in Linux contains a whole lot of key bindings which makes it really easy to use .
The most commonly used shortcuts are listed below :
CTRL Key Bound
Ctrl + a - Jump to the start of the line
Ctrl + b - Move back a char
Ctrl + c - Terminate the command
Ctrl + d - Delete from under the cursor
Ctrl + e - Jump to the end of the line
Ctrl + f -
Move forward a char
Ctrl + k - Delete to EOL
Ctrl + l - Clear the screen
Ctrl + r - Search the history backwards
Ctrl +
R - Search the history backwards with multi occurrence
Ctrl + u - Delete backward from cursor
Ctrl + xx -
Move between EOL and current cursor position
Ctrl + x @ -
Show possible hostname completions
Ctrl + z - Suspend /
Stop the command
ALT Key Bound
Alt + < -
Move to the first line in the history
Alt + > -
Move to the last line in the history
Alt + ? -
Show current completion list
Alt + * - Insert all possible completions
Alt + / - Attempt to complete filename
Alt + . - Yank last argument to previous command
Alt + b - Move backward
Alt + c - Capitalize the word
Alt + d - Delete word
Alt + f - Move forward
Alt + l - Make word lowercase
Alt + n - Search the history forwards non-incremental
Alt + p - Search the history backwards non-incremental
Alt + r - Recall command
Alt + t - Move words around
Alt + u -
Make word uppercase
Alt + backspace - Delete backward from cursor
More Special Key bindings
Here 2T means Press TAB twice .
And $ is the bash prompt .
$ 2T - Display all available commands ( common )
$ string 2T - Display all available commands starting with string .
$ /2T - Show entire directory structure including hidden ones .
$ 2T - Show only sub - directories inside including hidden ones .
$ *2T - Show only sub - directories inside excluding hidden ones .
$ ~2T - Show all present users on system from " / etc / passwd "
$ $ 2T - Show all sys variables
$ @2T - Show all entries from " / etc/hosts "
$ =2T - List output like ls or dir
