This is a suburban mall ?
Ron
Sher gave a homey touch to Crossroads with an antique French fountain .
In 1988 , when developer Ron Sher took over the faded Crossroads Shopping Center , a quarter of it stood empty .
One arm of its 1962 - vintage concourse was called “ Death Valley ” because nine of its 10 stores were vacant .
Surrounding Crossroads was a hardscrabble neighborhood of low - rent apartments , where immigrants from Latin America and Southeast Asia had begun settling in the 1970s and ’ 80s .
The City of Bellevue was not prepared to provide the services they needed , and crime and gangs started to plague the neighborhood — a nasty shock to longtime residents of adjacent subdivisions .
Young people gravitated to what had been the only gathering place in the Crossroads neighborhood : the mall , where some tagged the buildings and drag - raced in the parking lot .
The neighborhood was “ going downhill fast , ” recalls Nan Campbell , who was Bellevue ’s mayor when Sher bought Crossroads .
“ The mall owner had not reinvested and had not done anything to stimulate the economy there , and the concentration of the City ’s attention was on [ downtown ] , after they passed the central business district plan in 1981 . ”
Bellevue Square ’s developer , Kemper Freeman Jr. , remembers eyebrows rising in local real estate circles when Sher proposed to turn Crossroads around : “ When he bought the center , experts said , ‘ Gosh , what ’s he ever going to do to make that center work ? ’ ”
Sher , a lanky , bearded 66 - year - old with a gently professorial manner , was no starry - eyed neophyte ; he had already made plenty of money running the largest retail leasing brokerage in the country with his siblings .
And he could see that the prospects were not encouraging .
“ Crossroads was not by a freeway , ” he says , ticking off its disadvantages .
“ It was in what some people considered the questionable area of Bellevue , where most of the multifamily [ housing ] was .
It was n’t a regional mall , but it was somewhat large for a neighborhood center ” — 500,000 square feet .
“ So it was really hard to attract tenants , and we knew we had to do something to distinguish ourselves . ”
That something proved to be a little social experimentation .
Sher , a committed environmentalist with a PhD in agricultural economics from Washington State University , wondered :
What if , rather than attempting to sort shoppers according to purchasing power , Crossroads simply welcomed all comers , from the prosperous to those with little or nothing to spend ?
Rather than beginning with the retail and letting everything else grow up around it , Sher decided to start with the idea of community .
As he went along , he drew further inspiration from the ideas of the urban sociologist Ray Oldenburg , whose book The Great Good Place argues the importance of the “ third place , ” a public space outside work and home — the pub , the market , the café — where people gather to rub elbows with those outside their social groups .
That was it :
He would recast the mall as a public space , leveraging the ethnic melting pot that East Bellevue had become and turning a seeming liability into an asset .
{page break}
Crossroads “ had the only interesting urban energy in Bellevue , and we felt that that was a plus , ” Sher explains .
“ We felt that if we could just become a fun community gathering place , a place for everybody to hang out and visit — the concept of the public market — it would really give us an identity and it would give people a reason to come here . ”
To that end , he programmed free events such as live music every Friday and Saturday night .
Years before ethnic food courts became ubiquitous , he founded one with independent eateries rather than mall chains .
He brought in civic institutions : a King County Library branch , a police substation , and a satellite city hall with services in nine foreign languages .
More counterintuitively , Sher actively encouraged people to use the mall for noncommercial activities , organized and ad hoc .
One end of the food court became a kind of public living room , anchored by a giant chess set .
A passerby might encounter half a dozen multinational chess matches , a free ESL class for food - court workers , a crocheting circle , or a meeting of Bikers Against Child Abuse .
Aficionados show up for a Dungeons and Dragons club , a farmers market , Sahaja Yoga Meditation , and Mandarin Story Time at the library .
All this activity has helped bring business to tenants that now include Michael ’s , Old Navy , and Bed Bath and Beyond .
Equally important for Sher , it has made the neighborhood a more vital , cohesive place .
“ You create connections , ” he explains .
The thought behind the free events is , “ How do you make a community work better for everybody in it , and how do you make it stronger ?
If you do that , people get it , they know whether you ’re sincere .
And it acts as the glue that brings the place together , and it promotes the retail , and it does it in a way that is not predatory . ”
Not that other shopping centers are “ predatory , ” Sher hastens to add .
But Ethan Kent , a vice president at the New York–based nonprofit Project for Public Spaces ( on whose board Sher sits ) , notes that there is a clear difference in the ways Crossroads and more traditional malls like - Bellevue Square engage the public :
Most mall developers understandably start with the retail , even when they incorporate all the latest hyphenated urbanist concepts : mixed - use , pedestrian - friendly , transit - oriented , human - scaled .
“ Many are moving toward lifestyle centers , which try to mimic downtowns but are still very controlled and private and retail - driven , ” Kent says .
“ The luxury retail model has definitely dominated a lot of mixed - use , upscale development .
Where Crossroads is inspiring is that it ’s a viable retail model that can appeal to a diverse population … .
It starts with the public spaces . ”
However much sprawled - out suburbs crave third places , Kent says , the place - making business has focused instead on urban cores such as downtown Bellevue and Redmond Town Center .
But while these renovated downtowns may look more like “ real cities ” than Crossroads ( whose physical plant is still , inescapably , a hulking old - school mall ) , Crossroads in many ways functions more like a city — a place of cultural and class mixing , perhaps even social and aesthetic surprise .
Where else on the Eastside can you see Sikhs enjoying bluegrass or whimsical public art such as an electrical transformer painted to look like a cow that moos when you pass and a cement - encased VW bug erupting from a sidewalk ?
{page break}
The new suburban downtowns have many virtues : parks and cultural facilities , more residential density and transit , pedestrian access to shopping and services .
But they strive for polished predictability and uniformity just as the old suburbs did .
“ We offer a resort setting , ” explains Bellevue Square owner Freeman ; you might also call it a facsimile city stripped of messiness and chaos .
Freeman ’s own stab at public space , a couch - decked rustic atrium called the Lodge tucked between Starbucks and P. F. Chang ’s , has become a lively gathering place in its own right .
But it was explicitly conceived to serve shopping : “ The longer people stay , the more they buy , ” Freeman told The Seattle Times when the Lodge opened in 2001 .
“ We like to make it easy for them to stay . ”
It ’s easy to stay at Crossroads without buying much of anything .
And once you acclimate to the pageant of languages , skin tones , and national costumes , other , subtler forms of diversity emerge .
Blue collar types mix with blue bloods from Medina .
Old people — some extremely old — push their walkers and play cards with friends .
Visibly disabled people , and an assortment of the acutely eccentric , find a place here .
There are babies from many lands , office workers on their lunch breaks , even a smattering of urban hipsters who come for the free music and cheap ethnic eats .
Pam Toelle , a longtime resident active in nearby neighborhood groups , attributes the diversity to one thing : “ It ’s free .
… Families that have little money can walk over and bring their children and have a night out . ”
Walking around Bellevue Square is also a time - honored tradition .
And the past decade has brought many changes to Bellevue ’s downtown : major arts institutions , ongoing efforts to create open space and a pedestrian - friendly streetscape ( i.e. , a greenbelt linking downtown to Meydenbauer Bay ) .
The city ’s once - sterile core has grown far more welcoming .
But though Sher acknowledges that downtown is “ working well for a lot of people , ” he does n’t spend much time there : “ It ’s not my favorite place to go . ”
Indeed , though both are too polite to say so , Ron Sher and Kemper Freeman are like Bizarro World versions of each other .
Both are the mall developer sons of mall developers .
Sher lives in Medina and Freeman just outside it .
Both prefer two - wheeled vehicles , though Freeman rides Harleys while Sher clocks 3,500 miles a year on his bicycle .
Freeman was an outspoken opponent of Sound Transit ’s light rail plan and spent $ 4 million trying to defeat it ;
Sher is a transit booster who makes his food - court tenants use nondisposable china and flatware .
Freeman recently embarked on a $ 40 million renovation of Bellevue Square with Italian limestone floors and an “ urban garden ” ambience ;
Sher recycles the same old midcentury mall parts .
“ I ’m sort of a tinkerer , ” he admits .
“ I ’d be more likely to spend money on public art than on marble floors .
It ’s more about how you are in the space than the awe of the space . ”
That approach has worked for Sher in other spaces as well .
In 1998 , once he had Crossroads on a solid footing , he embarked on a similar transformation of the derelict Lake Forest Park Town Centre .
He installed the expansive Third Place Books , which has the feel of a well - worn independent bookstore and sells new and used volumes together , along with a small food court on the eclectic Crossroads model .
In autumn of 2007 he bought Bremerton ’s abandoned J. C. Penney store , which he plans to turn into a mixed - use social and commercial hub for a long - neglected downtown .
That same year he helped devise an updated Crossroads subarea plan that envisions multifamily housing at the mall .
But he says he probably wo n’t undertake the development himself : “ That may be for the person who works on it after me .
It ’s a huge job . ”
{page break}
No less an Eastside observer than Kemper Freeman salutes what Sher ’s achieved : “ He has done an incredible job of making Crossroads an extension of the community and a place where people feel at home . ”
In the Eastside ’s far - flung workaday neighborhoods , other leftovers from the golden age of malls are still struggling to reinvent themselves .
But the Project for Public Spaces ’ Ethan Kent doubts that many other redevelopers will follow Sher ’s example .
“ We always say that any great public - space project can be traced back to a zealous nut .
You have to be a little crazy to do these things . ”
Still , facing obsolete properties and fierce competition for high - end shoppers , some may emulate Sher ’s practicality , if not his “ nuttiness . ”
“ I really care about the civility and the sense of community , ” he says .
“ But I do n’t think there was any other way to do it at Crossroads .
It had to bootstrap up . ”
Your challenge is to write crossover fanfiction combining Magnum PI and Inuyasha .
The story should use moving to a new place as a plot device !
Who knew driving a Victoria ’s Secret delivery truck could be sexy .
Leave it to Heidi Klum to sex it up during this week ’s publicity stunt to introduce the new Perfect One bra .
The only disappointment here is that she did n’t model the new perfect bra .
Or drive with it on and nothing else .
She probably reserves such behavior for Seal in the bedroom .
////so jealous//////
Constitution Committee - Second Report
Surveillance : Citizens and the State Here you can browse the report which was ordered by the House of Lords to be printed 21 January 2009 .
Download the report with full charts ( pdf )
Read more : Actions Religious Leaders Are Taking
In the United States today , tens of thousands of same - sex couples who are legally married in their state of residence are denied spousal Social Security benefits because the federal government does not acknowledge their marriage .
Today , 15 Massachusetts residents represented by Gay and Lesbian Advocates and Defenders filed suit against the Commissioner of the Social Security Administration and other federal agencies , challenging the constitutionality of the federal government ’s decision not to recognize their marriages .
After paying a lifetime of payroll taxes into a system that is supposed to provide retirement benefits for married couples , same - sex couples who marry are denied thousands of dollars in retirement benefits , survivor benefits , and lump - sum death benefits , simply because they are married to a person of the same sex .
This paper illustrates the cost of denied benefits to three typical couples , as well as one hypothetical couple with average characteristics of same - sex couples in Massachusetts , Connecticut , New York , and California , where same - sex marriages are officially acknowledged under state law .
We find that a same - sex couple with average characteristics — including average age , average income , and average gap in income between spouses — will be denied more than $ 8,000 a year in Social Security survivor benefits upon the death of the higher - earning spouse after retirement .
Context
In 1996 , Congress passed the Defense of Marriage Act , which President Bill Clinton then signed into law .
The act has two substantive sections : Section 2 reinforces a state ’s right not to recognize another state ’s same - sex marriage , while Section 3 denies federal recognition of marriages between couples of the same sex .
The law marked the first time the federal government overruled state determinations of marriage .
When passed , the law did not tangibly affect anyone , because no state issued marriage licenses to same - sex couples .
Today , however , there are more than 10,000 married same - sex couples in Massachusetts alone , with many more in Connecticut and New York — all of whose marriages are entirely valid and unquestioned under state law .
Another 18,000 couples were married in California , and their marriages are currently under review by the California Supreme Court in the wake of Proposition 8 .
In New York , same - sex marriages cannot be performed legally , but Gov. David Paterson has directed all state agencies to recognize same - sex marriages performed in other jurisdictions .
Today , however , the consequences for eligibility for federal benefits are very serious .
A 2004 report by the Government Accountability Office found “ 1,138 federal statutory provisions classified to the United States Code in which marital status is a factor in determining or receiving benefits , rights , and privileges . ”
Social Security benefits denied
Among those benefits that are denied to married same - sex couples are three key Social Security benefits afforded to opposite - sex marriages :
The spousal retirement benefit :
When couples retire , each partner earns a Social Security benefit based on their income and the number of years they have worked and paid payroll taxes .
If the federal government recognizes a couple as married , the spouse with the lower monthly benefit can choose to take either their own benefit or one - half their higher - earning spouse ’s benefit , whichever is more .
The spousal survivor benefit : After retirement , if the spouse receiving higher Social Security benefits passes away , the surviving spouse can take this higher retirement benefit as his or her own .
The lump - sum death benefit : Upon the death of a spouse , the surviving spouse is given a $ 225 lump - sum payment to help pay for funeral arrangements .
Under current law , all these benefits are denied to same - sex couples whose states recognize them as married .
Analysis
To illustrate the cost of this discrimination , we analyzed the effect of denying these benefits to three example couples : a couple whose partners earn the same amount of money and thus would be on track to receive similar Social Security benefits , a couple earning different amounts of money who would thus would benefit from survivor benefits , and a couple whose gap between incomes is so great that they would benefit from the spousal retirement benefit .
These benefits were calculated using the Social Security Administration ’s online calculator based on a typical earning path ( past and future ) for two 40 - year - olds retiring at 67 .
This is the average age for a member of a same - sex couple according to the Williams ’
Institute analysis of Census Bureau figures and the normal retirement age according to the Social Security Administration .
The results are illustrated in the table below .
( All monetary figures are in 2009 dollars though they represent benefits that would accrue to these couples upon their retirement ) .
All married same - sex couples , even those with exactly the same Social Security income , such as Couple 1 , are denied the lump - sum death payment in the tragic circumstance in which one spouse dies .
Among those whose Social Security retirement benefits differ ever so slightly , such as Couple 2 — with one partner earning $ 20,000 in 2009 and the other earning $ 40,000 — on retirement , the low - earning spouse is denied the spousal benefit of the higher earner ’s Social Security payment in the event of the higher earner ’s death .
A 2004 study by Lisa Bennett of the Human Rights Campaign and Gary Gates of the Urban Institute found that the average retired same - sex couple in 2004 was denied $ 5,528 in survivor benefits each year .
In cases where the lower - earning spouses would be better off with a Social Security payment half the size of their partners ’ , the lack of federal recognition keeps them from earning this higher amount .
Take Couple 3 , where one earner ( perhaps a lawyer ) earns substantially more than their spouse ( perhaps a part - time school teacher or an artist ) .
If the marriage was acknowledged by the federal government , the couple would be eligible for 1.5 times the higher earner ’s Social Security benefit , which in this case is higher than the sum of their individual benefit .
Couples with average characteristics
The following table shows the impact of these denied benefits on same - sex couples nationally and in several key states .
This analysis differs from Lisa Bennett and Gary Gates ’ analysis because it illustrates the eventual effect on currently working same - sex couples rather than currently retired couples .
These couples have the average income of same - sex couples nationally and in their respective states as well as the average “ gap ” in incomes between the two couples , based on Census Data analyzed by the Williams Institute at UCLA .
They are all considered to be the age of the average person in a same - sex couple nationally or in their state and have a retirement age of 67 , the Social Security Administration ’s “ normal ” retirement age .
All benefits are in 2009 dollars .
Download the report with full charts ( pdf )
Read more : Actions Religious Leaders Are Taking
Ben Furnas is a research associate in communications at the Center for American Progress .
Josh Rosenthal is the special assistant for external affairs .
As president , I will reach out to the Senate to secure the ratification of the CTBT [ Comprehensive Nuclear - Test - Ban Treaty ] at the earliest practical date and will then launch a diplomatic effort to bring onboard other states whose ratifications are required for the treaty to enter into force .
— Barack Obama , September 10 , 2008
As this article goes to press , Iran ’s nuclear program is rapidly expanding its capacity to enrich uranium .
The terrorist attacks in Mumbai , India , last November have once more raised the specter of a nuclear weapons exchange between India and Pakistan — a “ regional war ” that could kill tens of millions of both countries ’ citizens and lead to severe change in global climate .
North Korea , having joined the nuclear club with its first successful explosive test of a fission weapon on October 9 , 2006 , has reportedly separated enough weapons - grade uranium to build at least half a dozen atomic bombs .
Eight countries have openly tested nuclear weapons , and Israel is presumed to have them as well .
The possibility that terrorists could get their hands on such weapons is the worst nightmare of the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and its counterparts around the world .
Yet there are hopeful signs for reducing nuclear tensions as well .
By the end of 2008 , 180 countries had signed the Comprehensive Nuclear - Test - Ban Treaty ( CTBT ) , which forbids all nuclear explosions , including the explosive testing of nuclear weapons .
That treaty , adopted by the United Nations General Assembly in September 1996 and promptly signed by President Bill Clinton and many other world leaders , aims to restrict the further development of nuclear weapons by countries that have them and to prevent countries that do not possess them from building them with any confidence that the devices will work on the battlefield .
Even though the CTBT has not yet come into force , every nation that signed it — including the U.S. and Russia — has maintained a moratorium on nuclear weapons testing at least since the U.N. voted to adopt it .
( The three nations that have tested nuclear weapons since 1996 — India , North Korea and Pakistan — have not signed the treaty .
In the U.S. this moratorium on testing has continued despite serious opposition to the treaty itself .
In 1999 the U.S. Senate declined to give its constitutional “ advice and consent ” to the ratification of the agreement , and soon after the 2000 election President George W. Bush declared the CTBT not to be in the interests of national security .
The reason some senators voted against the treaty was concern about whether adequate tools exist for detecting attempts at clandestine nuclear testing — and thereby pinpointing treaty violations .
Why renounce testing , the argument goes , if the U.S. cannot tell whether other countries are cheating ?
While we sleep , other countries could secretly conduct tests that would increase their ability to harm the interests of the U.S. and its allies .
In our view , those concerns about monitoring are groundless — and have been for several years .
The scientific and technical community has developed a well - honed ability to monitor militarily significant nuclear test explosions anywhere in the world , above ground or below , and to distinguish them from mine collapses , earthquakes , and other natural or nonnuclear phenomena .
For example , the yield of the North Korean test conducted underground in 2006 was less than a kiloton ( the equivalent of 1,000 tons of TNT ) .
Yet it was promptly detected and identified .
Given such demonstrated capabilities , as well as continuing improvements in monitoring , the concerns about clandestine nuclear testing no longer provide defensible grounds for opposing the CTBT .
Learning What to Look For
The science of monitoring nuclear explosions is as old as nuclear testing itself .
From the beginning , the major rationale for the U.S. to monitor was to collect basic information about the capabilities of potential adversaries .
A second important reason has been to support international treaties on nuclear arms control .
If each country that is party to a comprehensive test ban has reason to believe that any attempt to hide a nuclear test will very likely fail , the fear of international sanctions may deter the country from testing at all .
More than 2,000 explosive nuclear tests have been conducted since the end of World War II — in the atmosphere , underwater and underground .
From that record investigators have gained vast experience in acquiring and interpreting the signals of a nuclear blast .
Nuclear test explosions generate a variety of potentially detectable signals .
An explosion in the atmosphere , for instance , emits an intense flash of light , which can be imaged by satellite .
The roar of an explosion quickly dissipates at frequencies in the range of human hearing , but at “ infrasound ” frequencies — lower than 20 hertz — sound waves travel vast distances in air .
Infrasonic “ listening ” posts equipped with microbarometers detect the very small changes in atmospheric pressure that make up the infrasound signal .
Radioactive isotopes of certain stable elements are created by all nuclear explosions , and in an atmospheric test they are blown high into the air as gases .
As they cool , some of them , such as radioactive xenon , remain in the gas phase as a telltale sign of a nuclear explosion .
Others condense and combine with dust to form particles that can drift around the world .
As early as 1948 , the U.S. Air Force monitored American atmospheric test explosions in the Pacific and confirmed that such radioactive particles are big enough to collect by pumping air through filter paper similar to that used for making coffee .
Radioisotope detection soon proved its worth .
On September 3 , 1949 , a WB - 29 bomber flying east of Kamchatka Peninsula gathered data proving that , four days earlier , the U.S.S.R. had become the second country in the world to test a nuclear device .
The mix of isotopes in the debris — notably plutonium and uranium 238 — told a story of its own : the Soviets had tested
a bomb that was almost an exact copy of the 21 - kiloton explosive the U.S. had dropped on Nagasaki .
Quite early in the U.S. nuclear program , explosions were tested underwater as well as in the atmosphere .
Sound travels very efficiently in water , particularly when the sound energy is trapped by slight changes in temperature and salinity that define the so - called sound fixing and ranging channel : the SOFAR layer .
It became obvious that underwater explosions with a yield as small as a few millionths of a kiloton could therefore be monitored with hydrophones , or underwater microphones , by placing them near the SOFAR layer in seawater between 2,000 and 4,000 feet deep .
Seismic Monitoring
In 1963 , following long and intense negotiations , the U.S. , the Soviet Union and the U.K. ( the first three members of the “ nuclear club ” ) signed the Limited Test Ban Treaty .
The LTBT banned nuclear testing in outer space , in the atmosphere and underwater .
Parties to the treaty , however , could still test nuclear explosions underground .
For that reason , the information conveyed by seismic waves — elastic wave energy that travels through Earth as a result of an im­­pact , collapse , slippage , explosion or other force that impinges on the planet — quickly became a major focus of the monitoring community .
Fortunately , the sensors needed for detecting earthquakes can do double duty in detecting bomb blasts .
But learning how to distinguish earthquakes from bomb blasts took several years , and refinements of that work continue to this day .
The main difficulty arises from the great variety and number of earthquakes , chemical explosions and other nonnuclear phenomena generating seismic signals every day .
Any good monitoring network cannot avoid detecting those signals .
Worldwide , for instance , more than 600 earthquakes a day eventually find their way into an international summary report , and mining operations in industrialized countries explode millions of tons of blasting agents a year .
In all , about 25 seismic events above a magnitude of four take place every day , and that number goes up by a factor of about 10 for each drop of one unit in magnitude ( say , from 25 to 250 events a day for a drop in magnitude from four to three ) .
At most locations on Earth , magnitude 4 corresponds to an explosive yield of less than a kiloton for an underground explosive device packed inside a small cavity in hard rock , from which seismic signals radiate efficiently .
In other locations the rock is softer and more of the energy from the explosion is absorbed , reducing its measured seismic magnitude .
Some policy makers have worried that a country might try to reduce the seismic signal by modifying the immediate environment of the test .
For example , a large cavity hollowed out of rock could partly muffle the seismic waves from a blast , but for any militarily useful test explosion the cavity would have to be so big it would collapse or attract attention in other ways — for example , the excavated material would have to be concealed from satellites .
The risk of discovery would be very high .
In practice , with seismic monitoring alone , all nuclear explosions down to yields of one kiloton can be detected with 90 percent reliability by examining between about 50 and 100 seismic events a day .
To detect nuclear explosions with lower yields , the number of seismic events that must be examined goes up .
Even one kiloton , however , is quite small for a nuclear explosion , and according to a 2002 report by the U.S. National Academy of Sciences , a test of that size would be of little use to a testing country attempting to make larger nuclear weapons — particularly if the country had little prior experience with nuclear testing .
Where to Focus , What to Ignore
Monitoring a nuclear explosion begins with the detection of signals , followed by an attempt to gather and associate all the signals recorded by various monitoring stations that originate from the same event .
The final steps are to estimate the location of the event , primarily from the differences in the arrival times of signals at different stations , and to identify it .
For example , did it have the characteristics of a meteor breaking up in the atmosphere , a mining blast , a test of a nuclear weapon ?
And if the latter , how big was it ?
What was its yield ?
What country carried it out ?
The vast majority of seismic events can be classified automatically by computer algorithms ; only the hard cases are flagged by the software for human intervention .
Specialists have been monitoring earthquakes and mine blasts for many years and have thereby become well acquainted with the way many of their features are reflected in the seismic record .
That knowledge , in turn , has helped inform efforts to identify nuclear test explosions .
In particular , several kinds of seismic events became touchstones as protocols were developed for identifying a particular event as a nuclear explosion .
One kind of event was a series of mine collapses — one in 1989 in Germany and two more in 1995 , one in Russia and the other in the U.S. Seismic stations throughout the world detected all three , but the data raised concerns because at great distances the classic method of distinguishing explosions from other seismic events was incorrectly suggesting the events were underground explosions .
In that classical method , seismologists compare the strength of long - wavelength seismic waves traveling over Earth ’s surface with that of body waves , which pass deep through the planetary interior .
For example , a shallow earthquake and an underground explosion might set off body waves of the same strength , but if so , the surface waves from the earthquake would be significantly stronger than they would be for the underground explosion .
A closer analysis of the seismic waves from the mine collapses showed that those waves could not have come from an explosion , because they began with a trough rather than a peak : the ground had initially moved inward toward the source rather than outward , just as one would expect from a mine collapse .
The episode was important because it showed that such an event could be reliably distinguished from an underground explosion on the basis of seismic recordings alone .
A second event illustrated the importance of the seismic distinction between two kinds of body waves for monitoring nuclear explosions .
In 1997 a small seismic shock of magnitude 3.5 , along with an even smaller aftershock , was detected below the Kara Sea , near Russia ’s former nuclear test site on the Arctic island of Novaya Zemlya .
Were the Russians violating their obligations as a signatory of the CTBT ?
The surface waves from the event were too small to measure reliably , and so once again the classic method of identifying an explosion — comparing the strength of the long - wavelength surface waves with that of the body waves — could not be applied .
But the detection of “ regional ” seismic waves , which pass through the upper mantle and crust of Earth and which can be measured within about 1,000 miles of an event , resolved the issue .
They enabled seismologists to distinguish compressional , or P , waves from shear , or S , waves generated by the event .
( P - waves travel as oscillating regions of compression and rarefaction along the same direction in which the waves propagate ; S - waves oscillate at right angles to the propagation direction . )
It was known that the P - waves from an explosion are typically stronger than the S - waves , but that distinction was just beginning to be applied at frequencies above five hertz .
This time the measured ratio of the strengths of the P - and S - waves at high frequency — and the fact that the main shock had an aftershock — showed that the Kara Sea event was an earthquake .
More Eyes to Catch Cheaters
A third touchstone event , the North Korean nuclear test explosion of October 9 , 2006 , illustrated the importance of recording seismic waves as close as possible to their source .
The blast left traces on sensors worldwide even though its yield was estimated at less than a kiloton .
But regional seismic data were required to determine that the signals came from an explosion and not from an earthquake .
In the event , the world was well prepared .
Several seismic stations were close by , including one in the network of the International Monitoring System ( IMS ) , the CTBT ’s own system for monitoring nuclear explosions .
After the seismic detection of the Korean test and the announcement of the test by North Korea , radioactive matter in the air and on the ground in Asia , as well as downwind across the Pacific Ocean at an IMS station in Canada , decisively confirmed the explosion as nuclear .
Detecting the radioactivity was itself highly reassuring .
The topography of the North Korean test site suggests that the explosion was deeper than most other subkiloton tests .
Yet the test still leaked radioactive material .
Experience with these and other special seismic events has shown that the best seismic data for resolving a specific monitoring issue can sometimes come from stations that are not part of any treaty - monitoring network .
Those stations , built with other goals in mind , can provide the dense coverage that makes it possible to strengthen the evidence derived from dedicated monitoring networks .
Monitoring stations in the Korean region , for instance , are so dense that underground explosions with a yield as low as a few percent of a kiloton can be detected there .
Well - tested networks of seismic stations for rapidly analyzing , assembling and distributing large amounts of seismic data already exist , quite independently of the IMS .
Thousands of seismometers have been set up throughout the world to evaluate earthquake hazards and to determine our planet ’s internal structure .
In the U.S. , the U.S. Geological Survey and the Incorporated Research Institutions for Seismology , a consortium of more than 100 American universities , are jointly building and operating seismic data systems .
As of the end of 2008 , IRIS was receiving current seismic data from 71 networks that operate 1,797 stations , including 474 outside the U.S.
An international group , the Federation of Digital Seismic Networks , plays a huge and still growing role in the data collection .
Such networks are well suited to picking up unanticipated nuclear test explosions , as well as high - quality regional signals from events that might seem suspicious if they were analyzed by a sparse global network alone .
Those data can thereby supplement data from the IMS and the various national treaty - monitoring networks .
One network of particular note among all the foregoing networks is the monitoring system the U.S. still maintains specifically for detecting nuclear explosions .
The Atomic Energy Detection System ( AEDS ) is operated by the Air Force Technical Applications Center ( AFTAC ) out of Patrick Air Force Base in Florida and includes an extensive global network of seismometers .
AFTAC reports on the data from the AEDS network within the U.S. government .
If the CTBT finally goes into force and the AEDS or some other national facility detects a suspicious event , such data can be presented in an international forum , thereby augmenting information gathered by the IMS .
How Low Must You Go ?
Even though existing technologies can ferret out rather small bomb tests and technical advances in monitoring will undoubtedly continue , one practical caveat must be made .
It is obviously not possible to detect explosions of every size , with 100 percent reliability , all the way down to zero explosive yield .
In this sense , monitoring is imperfect .
But does it really matter that a technologically sophisticated country could perhaps conceal a very small nuclear explosion from the rest of the world , even though the explosion served no practical purpose in a nuclear weapons program ?
The goal of monitoring systems is to ensure that the yield of a successfully concealed nuclear test explosion would have to be so low that the test would lack military utility .
In the 1950s President Dwight D. Eisenhower was willing to agree to a comprehensive test ban even if monitoring was not sensitive enough to detect explosions with yields less than a few kilotons .
Today monitoring is much more effective .
Is the CTBT worth scuttling if a nuclear device of less than a kiloton might in principle be exploded without being detected ?
The 2002 analysis by the National Academy of Sciences argues that , on the contrary , ratifying the CTBT would be a positive development for U.S. national security .
Nevertheless , some leaders in the military and in nuclear weapons laboratories have opposed the CTBT .
They argue that it prevents the U.S. from verifying the continuing viability of its current nuclear arsenal or from developing more sophisticated nuclear weapons .
But the reliability of proven designs in the U.S. stockpile of nuclear weapons does not , in practice , depend on a program of nuclear test explosions .
Rather reliability is ensured by nonexplosive testing that is not restricted by the CTBT .
As for new nuclear weapons , the CTBT is an impediment — just as it was intended to be — and its restrictions on U.S. weapons development must be weighed politically against the merits of the restrictions it imposes on all signatories .
Our discussion has touched on several important technical issues related to weapons development and monitoring that arise as the U.S. judges whether ratifying the CTBT is in the national interest .
Unfortunately , individuals and organizations with strong opinions on the CTBT have sometimes turned such issues — the assessment of monitoring capability in particular — into a surrogate battleground for an overall political evaluation of the treaty itself and the trade - offs it implies .
We would urge , instead , that the main debate focus on the merits of the treaty directly and remain separate from technical , professional reviews of monitoring capability .
If the CTBT finally does go into force , the de facto moratorium on international testing would become formally established .
The treaty could then become what it was always intended to be : a vital step in strengthening global efforts to prevent the proliferation of nuclear weapons and a new nuclear arms race .
Note :
This article was originally printed with the title , " Monitoring for Nuclear Explosions " .
By Detector | 04 March 2009
Adobe has released Photoshop Lightroom 2.3 and Camera Raw 5.3 .
These are final versions of updates which were posted as RC on the Adobe Labs and now are ready for download .
Both provide additional Raw support for Nikon D3X and Olympus E - 30 DSLR ’s , several corrections of previous versions and availability in 8 new languages .
Download Photoshop Lightroom 2.3 for Windows here .
Download Photoshop Lightroom 2.3 for Mac here .
Download Camera Raw 5.3 for Windows here .
Download Camera Raw 5.3 for Mac here .
Tags | Apple , Graphic , Mac OS , Software , Windows
“ But just in case there are still nagging doubts , let me say it as plainly as I can : if you buy a car from Chrysler or General Motors , you will be able to get your car serviced and repaired , just like always .
Your warranty will be safe .
In fact , it will be safer than it ’s ever been .
Because starting today , the United States government will stand behind your warranty . ”
– Barack Obama , March 30 , 2009
—
“ This is the same federal government that ca n’t even switch America to digital TV ? ” – Charles Hurt , March 31 , 2009
Can we please get to the part where GM and Chrysler just file Chapter 11 and life will go on ( as it certainly shall ) ?
And dear readers , for the love of all that is holy : if you ’re in the market for a new car or truck , will you please give Ford your serious consideration ?
Folks , the United States government will stand behind your warranty .
Wow .
Just …wow .
Nanny state apologists , are we cramming this into the commerce clause ?
Is that how the constitutionality of this works ?
Guess I ’d better start saving up .
I have a $ 7,000 brake job scheduled in six months .
Oh , silly me ; what am I thinking ?
There ’ll be a Monopoly money - funded government program to take care of it for me .
You might also like :
Kultusminister wollen schummeln : Wertloser Abschluss für Sonderschüler
Der Bund hat versprochen , die Schulabbrecherzahl zu halbieren .
Die KMK weiß , wie : Sie will Sonderschülern einen wertlosen Abschluss zuweisen , um die Statistik zu schönen .
BERLIN taz Jan zum Beispiel könnte einer jener Schüler sein , wie ihn die Kultusminister vor Augen haben .
Bislang geht der 12 - Jährige in eine integrative Schule in Brandenburg .
Allerdings naht die sechste Klasse , und in der siebten Klasse gibt es in Jans Nähe keine " Schule für alle " mehr .
Auf eine stinknormale Regelschule wollen Jans Eltern ihn nicht schicken .
Er leidet an epileptischen Anfällen und kann nicht gut sehen .
Aber eine Sonderschule kommt für sie ebenfalls nicht in Frage .
Denn dort wären die Chancen des Jungen , der in Mathe besser ist als mancher nichtbehinderter Mitschüler , viel schlechter .
In einer Sonderschule werde er nicht gefördert und habe so gut wie keine Chance auf einen Schulabschluss , sagen sie .
Da liegen Jans Eltern statistisch richtig .
Acht von zehn Sonderschülern schaffen keinen Abschluss .
Sie erhalten eine Art Anwesenheitsbestätigung , die aber kein zählbares Zertifikat ist .
Sie werden bislang als Schulabbrecher gezählt .
Damit soll nach dem Willen der Kultusministerkonferenz ( KMK ) nun Schluss sein .
Auf ihrer 325 .
Plenarsitzung ab dem morgigen Donnerstag wollen die Schulverantwortlichen den derzeit 408.000 deutschen Sonderschülern helfen - allerdings nicht durch besseren Unterricht , ausgeklügelte Fördermaßnahmen oder gar die Auflösung der Förderschulen , wie die Vereinten Nationen es verlangen .
Ausgesperrt Seit 1 . Januar gilt die UN - Konvention für Menschen mit Behinderungen in Deutschland .
Darin wird verlangt , " Menschen mit Behinderungen nicht vom allgemeinen Bildungssystem auszuschließen " .
Das bedeutet : Deutschland muss die Quote der Sonderschüler sukzessive auf null drücken - eigentlich .
Tatsächlich ist man in den Bundesländern davon weit entfernt .
In Schleswig - Holstein gehen 3,5 Prozent der Schüler in sogenannte Förderschulen , in Thüringen und Sachsen - Anhalt 8 Prozent , Spitzenreiter ist Mecklenburg - Vorpommern mit 8,6 Prozent Sonderschülern .
In Deutschland müssen 408.000 Kinder aufgrund eines Gutachtens in Sonderschulen .
Damit sind vier von fünf behinderten Kindern aus dem allgemeinen Schulsystem ausgesperrt .
CIF
Die Kultusminister werden kurzerhand an der Statistik tüfteln und den L - Abschluss für Lernbehinderte aufwerten .
" Ich möchte nicht , dass der Abschluss eines Förderschülers als Schulabbruch gilt " , bestätigte der Präsident der Kultusminister , Henry Tesch ( CDU ) , der taz .
Die Sonderschüler sollen künftig " differenzierter erfasst und dokumentiert werden " .
Was bedeutet das ?
" Die Abgängerinnen und Abgänger der verschiedenen Förderschularten sollen mit Blick auf die statistische Erfassung " , heißt es im besten KMK - Deutsch , " einberechnet werden können " .
Sie werden , so steht in dem der taz vorliegenden Beschlusspapier , " nicht mehr mit dem Etikett ' Abbrecher ' versehen . "
Das bringt den Sonderschülern real gar nichts - bereinigt aber schlagartig die Schulabbrecherstatistik .
Proteste bei Gewerkschaftern und Pädagogen
Bei Gewerkschaftern und Forschern herrscht helle Aufregung .
" Ich halte das grundsätzlich nicht für sinnvoll " , sagte die Sonderschulexpertin Lisa Pfahl vom Wissenschaftszentrum Berlin für Sozialforschung .
" Es ist nicht zielführend , um Schüler von Sonderschulen besser auf den Arbeitsmarkt vorzubereiten .
Dies könnte nur gelingen , wenn man die Sonderschulen auflöst und ihre Schüler in ein inklusives Schulsystem einbezieht . "
Die Gewerkschaft Erziehung und Wissenschaft schrieb dem KMK - Präsidenten einen bösen Brief .
" Die GEW spricht sich mit Nachdruck dagegen aus , einen noch niedrigeren Schulabschluss als den Hauptschulabschluss einzuführen " , heißt es darin .
Die Minister sollten der Öffentlichkeit besser erklären , mit welchem Geld und echten Födermaßnahmen sie Schulabbrechern helfen will .
Tatsächlich dürften die Schulabbrecher der Anlass für die Statistiktricks der Kultusminister sein .
Von Europa zu Maßnahmen gezwungen , beschlossen Bundesregierung und Bundesländer zuletzt beim Bildungsgipfel im vergangenen Oktober , die Zahl der Absolventen ohne Schulabschluss zu halbieren .
Bereits im Herbst hatten Experten gewarnt , dass dies unmöglich sei , wenn man nicht die Sonderschulen refomiere .
Denn von 80.000 deutschen Schulabbrechern jährlich stammt die Hälfte von den Sonderschulen .
Die andere Hälfte verlässt Haupt- , Real - und Oberschulen ohne zählbaren Abschluss .
" Mit Blick auf die Verringerung der Zahl der Schülerinnen und Schüler ohne Schulabschluss " , heißt es in dem Ministerpapier , " ist eine differenziertere Darstellung der Zielgruppen [ der Sonderschularten , Red. ] erforderlich . "
Das Frisieren der Abbrecherstatistik hat für die Kultusminister viele Vorteile : Sie könnten schon im nächsten Jahr und nicht erst wie geplant 2012 die Aktion " Halbierung der Schulabbrecher " als Erfolg verkaufen .
Obendrein würde es sie praktisch kein Geld kosten - sondern nur zwei statistische Datenblätter mehr .
Der Entwurf für die neue Zählweise liegt der taz ebenfalls vor .
Kürzlich erst sollte der Standard für Hauptschüler sinken
Diese Maßnahme passt in die Politik der Kultuschefs .
Es ist kein halbes Jahr her , da wollten die Minister die Leistungsanforderungen für die etwa 900.000 deutschen Hauptschüler absenken - und sie so von den allgemeinen Bildungsstandards abkoppeln .
Nun werden die berüchtigten L - Abschlüsse der Sonderschulen für Lernbehinderte praktisch zu einem neuen Zertifikat aufgewertet .
Faktisch heißt das , unterhalb von Abitur , Mittlerer Reife , qualifizierendem und einfachen Hauptschulabschluss einen weiteren Abschluss einzuführen .
Es wäre ein Persilschein für Jugendliche aus Sonderschulen , der nicht ihnen hilft , sondern den Kultusministern : Sonderschüler landen dann nicht mehr im Töpfchen " Abbrecher " .
Aber die Zahlentricks wären auch ein hübsches Geschenk des neuen KMK - Präsidenten Henry Tesch an sich selbst .
Das Bundesland , aus dem er kommt , Mecklenburg - Vorpommern , steht unangefochten an der Spitze mit seinen Sonderschülerquoten .
8,6 Prozent seiner Schüler lässt Minister Tesch inzwischen in so genannte Förderschulen verweisen .
Manches Kind in Schwerin , Rostock und Greifswald kommt direkt vom Kindergarten in jene Schulform , die es nach dem Willen der Vereinten Nationen eigentlich nicht mehr geben dürfte .
Auch Deutschland hat die entsprechende UN - Konvention unterzeichnet , sie ist seit Januar 2009 gültiges Völkerrecht - selbst in Mecklenburg und Vorpommern .
Tesch geht andere , flexible Wege .
Die Neudefinition und statistische Erfassung der Sonderschulabschlüsse nennt er " flexible Schulausgangsphase " .
The deepening recession is speeding up the shakeout in Silicon Valley , forcing droves of start - ups to shut down or sell themselves at fire - sale prices .
Many start - ups survived last year by slashing costs and deferring development projects .
But as demand for their products continues to deteriorate and funding dries up , these young firms are now running out of lifelines .
Many are calling it quits , recalling the dot - com bust earlier this decade .
In ...
AFP
A FEW days ago Ben Bernanke , chairman of the Federal Reserve , was asked to identify the biggest obstacle to economic recovery .
That “ we do n't have the political will , ” he replied .
Mr Bernanke showed his own will on Wednesday March 18th , when the Fed 's policy panel said it would purchase $ 300 billion in Treasury debt , mostly maturing in two to ten years , starting next week .
It will also boost its purchases of mortgage - backed securities to a total of $ 1.25 trillion from a previously announced $ 500 billion , and its purchases of debt issued by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac , the mortgage agencies , to a total of $ 200 billion from $ 100 billion .
The Fed had already said it was considering Treasury purchases , but expectations had waned in recent weeks .
The announcement electrified investors , sending the Dow Jones Industrial Average up by 91 points , or 1.2 % , and the ten - year Treasury bond yield down a stunning 50 basis points to 2.51 % .
The plans are awe inspiring in their scale , but they are different only in degree rather than kind from the steps the Fed has already taken .
In December , it exhausted its supply of conventional monetary ammunition when it lowered its short term - interest rate to between zero and 0.25 % .
At that time it had already started unconventional operations : expanding loans to banks and other financial institutions ; buying private commercial paper ; making enormous and controversial loans and loan guarantees to AIG , Bear Stearns , Citigroup and Bank of America ; and setting up a facility , capitalised by the Treasury , to buy securities backed by car , student and small - business loans , and mortgages .
By the time its new steps are done , the Fed 's balance sheet will reach $ 4.5 trillion , or about a third of GDP , up from less than $ 1 trillion a year ago , Capital Economics estimates .
All these steps were aimed at reducing credit spreads on private loans and increasing the supply of private credit , currently constrained by fear of counterparty default , illiquidity and banks ' depleted capital .
They have worked to some extent , as spreads on private debt have come down , though they remain well above pre-crisis levels .
Taking the added step of buying Treasuries made some inside the Fed uncomfortable .
It amounts to monetising government debt — in essence , allowing the government to finance its spending with newly printed money rather than by borrowing or through higher taxes .
That raises two fears : that it would eventually lead to inflation , or even hyperinflation , and that it would compromise the Fed 's independence .
The fear of inflation is exaggerated .
Inflation was just 0.2 % year - on - year in February , the government said on Wednesday .
While core inflation , which strips out food and energy , was a more normal 1.8 % , that is probably headed lower as high unemployment and unused capacity put downward pressure on wages and prices .
The Fed repeated in its announcement that it “ sees some risk that inflation could persist for a time below [ its preferred rate ] ” .
As for the Fed 's independence , Mr Bernanke has previously argued that should be more of a consideration in times of inflation , rather than deflation .
In any case , the Federal Open Market Committee , which approved the decision unanimously , appears to agree such risks were an acceptable price for more forceful action against the recession .
Following a similar announcement by the Bank of England , the Fed 's action understandably suggests central banks , having approached the limits of conventional monetary easing , are now experimenting with more monetarist solutions .
And the monetary base ( currency plus commercial bank reserves ) has grown sharply in America , Britain and the euro zone .
The Bank of England describes its actions in monetary terms : by expanding the amount of money in the hands of the public , some people will shift to riskier assets such as stocks and bonds , raising wealth and spurring investment .
Banks may use the reserves to make higher - returning loans .
But an expanding monetary base will not create inflation if the money is not lent out .
The Bank of Japan engaged in quantitative easing earlier this decade , buying government debt and raising commercial bank reserves .
Banks did not expand their loans because their capital was constrained and loan demand was weak .
The Fed has explicitly described its goals as lowering the cost and improving the supply of private - sector credit ; that this results in an expanded monetary base is secondary .
Even Treasury purchases are meant to “ improve conditions in private credit markets . ”
In the short term at least , the Fed 's actions raise the odds that the economy , in recession since the end of 2007 , will pull out by the end of this year .
There have been signs the housing market has stabilised , albeit at deeply depressed levels , and lower mortgage rates will bolster demand .
If share and home prices stabilise , that will mitigate the astonishing loss of wealth that is depressing consumer spending .
But the Fed can not do the job by itself .
For one thing , many borrowers are unable to take advantage of lower mortgage rates because of stiffer underwriting requirements .
Many corporations are either unable to borrow because lenders are more skittish or unwilling to borrow because the business outlook is so weak .
Barack Obama 's administration has tackled the first problem with plans to help homeowners refinance and avoid foreclosure .
It is to announce within days how it will remove toxic assets from bank balance sheets and regulatory tests should soon disclose how much more capital the government must inject into the banks .
The problem is that the administration 's ability to get the extra funds needed for these schemes has been significantly injured by the outrage among voters and Congress over bonuses paid to recipients of bail - out money .
That thirst for retribution could also deter banks , investors and others from participating in the schemes .
“ I do n't want to quell anger , what I want us to do …is channel our anger in a constructive way , ” Mr Obama said on Wednesday .
That will take political will from him and Congress .
For now , Mr Bernanke has done his part .
«« First « Previous | Random | Next » Current »»
This one is dedicated to Courtney .
Do n't worry .
The number of f*ckwads you attract is directly proportional to your popularity ... or so I 've been told .
Scientists who have been following families with a history of depression have found structural differences in family members ’ brains  specifically , a significant thinning of the right cortex , the brain ’s outermost surface .
The thinning may be a trait or a marker of vulnerability to depression , the researchers suggested .
The scientists ’ brain imaging study found the thinning in descendants of depressed parents and grandparents , whether or not the individuals themselves had ever suffered a depressive episode or an anxiety disorder , researchers said .
“ That ’s what is so extraordinary .
You ’re seeing it two generations later , and you ’re seeing it in both children and adults , ” said Dr. Bradley S. Peterson , a professor of psychiatry at Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons and the paper ’s first author .
“ And it ’s present even if those offspring themselves have not yet become ill . ”
While people may assume that a familial trait is genetic , that is not necessarily the case , Dr. Peterson added .
“ We do n’t know if this has a genetic origin or if it ’s a consequence of growing up with parents or grandparents who are ill .
Studies have shown that when parents are depressed , it changes the environment in which children are growing up . ”
Michael says : We acquired Puff one cold and rainy Saturday in Phoenix .
My boys and I went to visit friends and on the way home we decided to stop at the new Hobby Lobby to look for a remote - controlled boat .
The store is in a big strip mall with lots of parking spaces .
As we were walking into the store , we saw this tiny kitten in the parking lot .
It looked like it had been run over and was not moving , and we assumed it must be dead .
I told my boys that we would go into the store and look to see if it was still there when we came out .
When we came out of the store the kitten was not where it had been .
We were back in the car ready to leave when my middle son spotted it on a parking berm .
Someone had apparently moved it .
My son got out of the car to take a closer look , and he screamed , " I see the kitten moving ! "
My boys wanted to know what we could do to help it .
I told them to pick it up and I would call my friend Dr. Robert Hatch , the local vet , to see what we should do .
Dr. Hatch explained how to bottle - feed the kitten and nurse it back to health .
The first few days he just slept and ate .
He could not walk or stand up and we thought that he might have some injuries .
But Dr. Hatch came by to check on him and said that all was fine .
The kitten quickly became a very aggressive eater , chewing through several bottle nipples .
He must have developed these eating habits during his days on the streets .
We named him Puff after the character in the children 's pre-primers featuring Sally , Dick , and Jane because he looked just the kitten from the stories .
Puff is now a happy member of our household and gets to see Dr. Hatch on a regular basis .
Please visit Michael 's
Web site to see more of his beautiful photography All Photos Courtesy of and © : Michael Jordan
Young children who spend more than two hours glued to the TV every day double their subsequent risk of developing asthma , indicates research published ahead of print in Thorax .
The findings are based on more than 3,000 children whose respiratory health was tracked from birth to 11.5 years of age .
The children were all participants in the Avon Longitudinal Study of Parents and Children ( ALSPAC ) , which has been following the long term health of 14,000 children and their parents .
The parents were quizzed annually on symptoms of wheezing among their offspring and whether a doctor had diagnosed asthma in their child by the time s/he was 7.5 years old , but not before the age of 3.5 years .
Parents were also asked to assess their children 's TV viewing habits from the age of 3.5 years , and these were subsequently compared with those of their symptomless peers .
The amount of time spent in front of the box was used as a proxy measure of sedentary behaviour , because personal computers and games consoles were not in widespread use at the time ( mid 1990s ) .
The prevalence of asthma among children at the age of 11.5 years , who had no asthmatic symptoms when they were 3.5 years old was 6 % .
But children who watched TV for more than two hours a day were almost twice as likely to have been diagnosed with asthma as those who watched the box less .
By the time the children were 11.5 years old , there was little difference in levels of sedentary behaviour between those with asthma and those without .
The results were not confined to one gender , nor were they related to current weight .
The authors comment that the relationship between physical activity , sedentary behaviour and asthma is complex .
But they point out that recent research has suggested that breathing patterns in children may be associated with sedentary behaviour , sparking developmental changes in the lungs and subsequent wheezing .
In dollar terms , gold is at a seven - month high of $ 964 .
This is below last spring 's peak of $ 1,030 but the circumstances today are radically different .
The dollar itself has become a safe haven as the crisis goes from bad to worse – if only because it is the currency of a unified and powerful nation with institutions that have been tested over time .
It is not yet clear how well the eurozone 's 16 - strong bloc of disparate states will respond to extreme stress .
The euro dived two cents to $ 1.26 against the dollar , threatening to break below a 24 - year upward trend line .
Employing a new technology , MIT engineers have studied the origins of a mass gathering of hundreds of millions of fish and their subsequent migration .
This is the first time a mass migration of animals has been studied from beginning to end , according to their paper published in Science .
Until now biologists have depended on theory rather than data from the field , employing computer simulations and experiments in the lab .
Studying Atlantic herring near Boston , the MIT scientists found that when the fish gathering reached a certain density it caused a sudden synchronization of movement , where upon hundreds of millions of individuals began to act as though they were one .
Such massive groupings can extend for 25 miles ( 40 kilometers ) over the ocean .
Schematic of Ocean Acoustic Waveguide Remote Sensing ( OAWRS ) technology used in
Gulf of Maine and Georges Bank .
Sound from the source ( blue concentric circles )
bounces off fish groups and the scattered signal ( red concentric arcs ) is picked up by the
receiver .
Image courtesy of Nicholas Makris .
“ As far as we know , this is the first time we ’ve quantified this behavior in nature and over such a huge ecosystem , ” said Dr. Nicholas Makris , head of the study and professor of mechanical and ocean engineering at MIT .
The study also highlighted that the massing of the herring occurred at set times .
In the evening the fish would swarm together in order to swim to shallow water to spawn .
The next morning they would return together in another mass migration to deeper waters where the massive group would disintegrate , allowing individuals to go their own way .
The MIT engineers employed a new technology , Ocean Acoustic Waveguide Remote Sensing ( OAWRS ) , to record the mass migrations in detail .
Developed by Makris and his team in 2006 , the OAWRS is able to take images of an area 62 miles ( 100 kilometers ) in diameter every 75 seconds .
The system relies on sending sound waves that locate objects by bouncing off of them .
By employing sound waves with low frequency , OWARS send them further than similar systems .
The inventors hope that OAWRS could be employed to aid fish conservation .
“ OAWRS allows us to gather information such as geographical distributions , abundance and behavior of fish shoals and to better understand what constitutes healthy fish populations … which can be implemented by policymakers to better monitor and improve conservation of fish stocks , ” commented Ron O’Dor with the Census of Marine Life , an organization that plans to catalogue marine species and populations across the oceans by 2010 .
Related articles
The end of migrations : wildlife ’s greatest spectacle is critically endangered
( 07/28/2008 )
If we could turn back the clock about 200 years , one could watch as millions of whales swam along their migration routes .
Around 150 years ago , one could witness bison filling the vast America prairie or a billion passenger pigeons blotting out the sky for days .
Only a few decades back and a million saiga antelope could be seen crossing the plains of Asia .
Census of marine life opens with 122,000 species
( 07/01/2008 )
Discovering a new species can be the highlight of a biologist ’s career .
Yet once a species enters the formal literature , complications may develop .
The systen has been especially problematic because for centuries biologists have lacked the tools to construct a full and flexible list of the world ’s innumerable species .
Using the Internet and hundreds of scientists around the world , the Census of Marine Life is attempting to take on this monumental task .
Digital maps and mathematical analysis could reduce fishing bycatch
( 02/16/2008 )
Images of dolphins and turtles ensnared in tuna nets are a heart - wrenching reminder of the impact of fisheries on ocean bio-diversity .
Known in fisheries science as ‘ by - catch , ’ this killing of non-target species is a complex problem that has resisted easy answers .
Herring fish restored to Bronx River in New York City
( 04/05/2007 )
Building on last year ’s first - ever successful stocking of river herring in the Bronx River , an estimated 400 additional fish were released today in an ongoing effort to establish a breeding population of these native fish in one of the nation ’s most urbanized waterways .
The release , which took place on the grounds of the Bronx Zoo , is part of a partnership among a diverse group of officials , biologists and citizen ’s groups to restore the Bronx River , the only remaining fresh water river within New York City ’s borders .
Some of the turns are pretty insane .
No info , just go full screen and enjoy .
BELLEVUE , Wash . --
A quarter - century ago , American rocket scientists proposed the " Star Wars " defense system to knock Soviet missiles from the skies with laser beams .
Some of the same scientists are now aiming their lasers at another airborne threat : the mosquito .
In a lab in this Seattle suburb , researchers in long white coats recently stood watching a small glass box of bugs .
Every few seconds , a contraption 100 feet away shot a beam that hit the buzzing mosquitoes , one by one , with a spot of red light .
The ...
These ( metal ) band names have been generated at random .
Rancid Cinder Vengeful Battle Sinful Candle Vital Midwinter Deeds of Goat Unholy Demon Bloody Mantra Decapitated Angel Nordic Attack Screams of Primordial
Amount :
Include non-evil words
Feel free to use these generated band names for your band , but if you do , please send me a copy of your CD :-)
If you 're a graphics artist and like to design band logos , feel free to email me your creation of band names found here .
I 'll put them on this site with full credits to you .
See the gallery of logos that have been created so far !
... and have a look at what other people have to say about the Band Name Generator : ( Awesome , guys ! )
katz hails from South Africa and tells us : my bands been using the name ... and Chaos for a while which we found on your site .
we dont have an album out yet .
we 're a young South African groove thrash band !
You can check them out at their website
Jared informs us :
Hey , I 've used your Metal Band Name Generator to come up with our bands new name , Gates of Primordial !
Thanks for creating this site , we were n't coming up with good band names .
You can check them out at their website
Congratulations to my fellow libertarians , and former franchisees , Rich and Ellen for their successful lawsuit against Quizno's .
The details are well covered by these two blog posts :
Judge Determines Quiznos Terminations Are a Charade
Quiznos Franchisees Celebrate Legal Victory
Absolutely incredible what these corporations will pull .
I know two other sandwich franchise owners who are unhappy with their respective parent companies , one is suing too .
( Names omitted to protect everybody including this author and this website . )
These International Phonetic Alphabet ( IPA ) charts are designed by Eric Armstrong and voiced by Paul Meier ( dialect coach and author of the best - selling Accents & Dialects for Stage and Screen ) .
The charts are also available as an app for your iPhone or iPad ( click here or search the app store for “ Interactive IPA ” ) and as an Android app .
Or click here to purchase the charts in a CD - ROM for PC or Mac .
Vowels , consonants , ingressives , suprasegmentals , intonation , diacritics , ejectives , implosives , diphthongs , triphthongs , and clicks are demonstrated .
Clicking a chart links you to a Flash animation .
( Get Flashplayer free .
And to guarantee a correct display , verify your browser setting for Adobe Flash Player is “ always allowed to run . ”
Flash will NOT work on Apple mobile devices but might work on other mobile devices , such as Android , depending upon your version and / or whether you have installed the Puffin browser .
And if you ’re having difficulty displaying the charts in Google Chrome , we suggest Firefox or Internet Explorer . )
The latest version of the IPA Alphabet was published in 1993 ( updated most recently in 2015 ) by the International Phonetic Association .
In addition to the official IPA charts , we have also provided a chart demonstrating diphthongs and triphthongs of Standard British English and General American .
Habitat destruction , pollution and other problems have left nearly a third of the nation ’s 800 bird species endangered , threatened or in serious decline , according to a study issued on Thursday .
Described as the most comprehensive survey of American bird life , the report , " The U.S. State of the Birds , " analyzed changes in the bird population over the last 40 years .
“ This report should be a call to action , ” Interior Secretary Ken Salazar said at a news conference in Washington .
Citing surveys by government agencies , conservation organizations and citizen volunteers , the report said that the population of grassland birds had declined by 40 percent and birds in arid lands by 30 percent .
It estimated that 39 percent of bird species that depend on American coastal waters were in decline .
Many forest birds are threatened by urban sprawl , logging , wildfires and “ a barrage of exotic forest pests and disease , ” the study said .
Guggenheim , which received $ 100 million in May 2007 and a total of $ 500 million , and which has since shuttered ;
Bear Stearns , which received $ 20 million in June 2007 , after the blow up , only to see a the entire investment ( including previous installments ) of $ 490 redeemed in August , likely at a great loss ;
The investment of $ 415 million in 24 assorted office properties in October 2007 ( peak of the commercial real estate market ) through a JV with Liberty Washington ;
Apollo's latest Investment Fund ( VII ) , which received $ 350 million in August 2007 , which somehow closed in late January with $ 15 billion in total commitments .
Looks like New York ignored the stellar performance of the prior fund , in which most leveraged buyouts are currently bankrupt or on the verge ;
BlackStone Real Estate Partners VI , in which the fund invested $ 800 million , and which closed in March 2008 with total commitments of $ 10.9 billion .
Blackstone Real Estate became famous for its bidding war for the Equity Office Properties REIT which it won at the peak of the market with a final purchase price of $ 39 billion , and in which it invested almost $ 4 billion in equity , only to flip most of it to pay down the associated debt ; they are likely stuck with the balance at a significantly underwater valuation .
Harbinger Capital Partners , which received a $ 71 million investment from the fund in 2007 , and which is likely worth roughly 60 cents on the dollar ;
Cerberus , which received $ 50 million in May 2007 , and which might very well have been immediately funneled into such sterling investments as Chrysler and Aozora bank ;
GoldenTree , which received $ 35 million in 2007 , and is now running dutch auctions to offload all its illiquid holdings ;
Xerion , which received $ 13 million in 2008 , months after it was acquired by Perella Weinberg .
As we have written , Joe Perella is probably the most important financial advisor in the country currently , advising the FDIC on its assorted activities ( with very little information on how the process is compensated ) .
If New York is invested in a fund which is run by a firm compensated by the FDIC , the potential conflict of interest here , absent further disclosure , could have massive proportions .
In the wake of the Madoff scandal , it is only a matter of time before the Fund of Funds industry disappears , as investor anger grows at the glaring failure of Fund of Funds ' primary responsibility - due diligence .
Fund of Funds are currently perceived as worthless middle men between hedge funds and investors , pocketing 1 % management fees and 10 % incentive fees for arguably doing no work whatsoever .
So as the investment industry contracts and Fund of Funds do all they can to stay around for a few more quarters , it makes sense to take a look at some entities that few have considered : the state pension and retirement funds .
Notable among these are the California Public Employees Retirement System ( Calpers ) , The Teachers Retirement System of Texas ( TRS ) , the Orgeon Public Employees Retirement System and the granddaddy of them all : The New York State Common Retirement System and the New York State Teachers Retirement System .
Which brings us to an interest point .
As the financial system collapses and states ' budget deficits skyrocket , the lives of citizens are about to get very ugly as legislators ' only options are to cut state employees ( i.e. police officers , healthcare workers and educators ) and raise taxes through the roof .
One need look no further than California which is on the brink of collapse , as absent federal assistance , it will be unable to fund its $ 42 billion state deficit .
New York is in no better position , and David Paterson has had numerous media appearances attempting to warn New Yorkers just how difficult lives in the state are about to become .
In the meantime , public workers , current and retired , of troubled states will shortly begin receiving very disturbing news , as their pensions and benefit packages are about to be drastically reduced if not eliminated altogether .
The culprit ?
The falling market .
New York State Retirement SystemAt the market 's peak a little over a year ago , the two principal funds that New York uses to invest retirement money , the New York State Common Retirement System and the New York State Teachers ' Retirement System , had equity assets valued at over $ 120 billion .
Since then the value of assets in these funds has plummeted and is currently at a little under $ 60 billion , a 50 % decrease !
This , unfortunately , is the pattern with all other state retirement funds , which have suffered comparable losses over the past year .
The top 20 stock positions of the two New York State pension funds are listed below ( holdings are presented on a combined basis ) .
And if the drubbing of financial stocks continues , it is very likely that the value of these top holdings , which have traditionally accounted for about a third of the total funds ' values , will likely continue dropping , due to the prominent positions held in both JP Morgan and Wells Fargo .
However , direct investing in stocks does not make the pension funds " Fund of Funds " per se : at most it makes them bad mutual fund - type stockpickers .
And state pensioners will have ample opportunity to voice their displeasure with the performance of the funds '
Chief Investment Officers , Robert Arnold for the Common Retirement Fund and George Philip for the Teachers Retirement Fund .
What is more curious is an often missed page in the Office Of The State Comptroller 's website ( link here ) in which the New York State Common Retirement Fund discloses its monthly indirect investment in other asset managers , be they private , public equity or real estate focused .
Compiling the publicly available data from February 2007 yields some curious results .
Turns out in 2007 the New York Common Fund invested over $ 5.9 billion directly into a plethora of other hedge and private equity funds , and a total of $ 7.3 billion net invested over the past 2 years .
Some curious names that stand out :
This is not to say that The Common Fund has only had horrendous indirect investments .
In 2007 the Fund also invested $ 5 million in Paulson 's Fund ( followed by $ 48 million in 2008 ) , $ 150 million in Chelsea Clinton 's former employer Avenue Capital , and $ 12 million in Izzy Englander 's Millennium Partners , which seem to believe in generating CD type returns with no down month as far as one can remember .
The full list of fund recipients is presented here as per the data on the New York State Comptroller 's page .
A Little Too Much Affirmative Action ?
Following the Spitzer fiasco , and David Paterson 's appointment as New York Governor , there was a marked shift in the investment targets of the Common Fund .
Beginning in March of 2008 , the biggest recipient of funding , by a very wide margin , were funds that are defined in the Monthly Transaction Reports as " minority - owned firms . "
In fact , David seems to be such a supporter of minority - led hedge funds , that in 2008 more than half of the $ 1.4 billion invested in assorted asset managers went to minority - owned companies , $ 760 million to be exact .
Which implies that the only way to get startup funding these days , with traditional avenues closed , may be to apply to the New York Common Fund and check the non-white box .
The Upcoming Pension Mess
Pension funds ' calculations for actuarial purposes presume a roughly 8 % annual growth in perpetuity , the result of which funnel through into the over - or under - funding estimates for a State 's budget for any given period of time .
The current dislocation implies that absent an approximately $ 50 billion injection of new capital , New York 's Pension Funds are guaranteed to be unable to keep up with increasing cash outflow requirements .
As we mentioned , New York is not alone in this predicament , with all major public employee reitrement funds currently down anywhere between 40 % and 50 % .
While public anger is still focused merely on the huge deficit in the state 's income statement , soon all hell will break loose when millions of current police , healthcare and educational retirees realize they will have go back to work as their pensions disappear .
The speed of the market 's collapse will determine how quickly that day comes .
It 's the little things that make a Windows system great — like utilities that use less than 10 MB of memory to make your life easier .
Here are 10 apps that pack a lot of greatness into very little space .
Advertisement
Note :
Most of these apps do , indeed , use less than 10 MB of hard drive space when installed , or use that much when they 're running in the background .
Some will scale in use as you demand more or less from them — DisplayFusion or UltraMon , for example , when handling very high - resolution backgrounds or a wall of monitors — but all should have an almost negligible performance impact on a modern system .
Advertisement
You do n't open your programs in the order you want them nealy arranged on your taskbar , you open them when you need them .
Taskbar Shuffle knows this , and makes it easy to quickly swap windows around , along with system tray icons .
It also allows you to close out windows with a simple middle - click , which alone could make it worth the roughly 6MB price of admission .
You wo n't know you wanted to fling windows out of your cursor 's way until you try it .
It 's probably smaller than your desktop wallpaper .
But Everything is more useful and efficient than applications 25 x its size .
Everything only searches through file names , not inside the contents of them , but it does so stupid - fast as you type .
You 'll usually find your file with a few keystrokes , and Google fans will appreciate the boolean operators that enable and / or elegance .
Definitely an app you 'll want to right - click and create a keyboard shortcut for .
There 's also Locate32 , which does a bit more , is portable , and has more user - friendly features — we just like Everything for its single box that searches , uh , everything .
Advertisement
If you 're rocking dual , triple , or even quadruple monitors at home or at the office ( and , let us just say , lucky you on that last bit ) , these apps have a relatively small system footprint , but make a big impact in how your system looks .
They both manage separate or split wallpapers across multiple monitors , and can grab and rotate images from your computer , Flickr , or other sources .
With DisplayFusion 's recent update , they also both maintain your Windows taskbar across all your monitors ( or do n't , if that 's how you like it ) .
Our resident multi-monitor enthusiast Jason still keeps both apps on his system for the little things , like multi-monitor screensavers in UltraMon , but both are among the very select paid apps we 'll admit to being worth shelling out for ( although both have restricted " free " versions as well ) .
Advertisement
Advertisement
I know , it 's like we never give up on promoting this , right ?
Well , what can we say — we ( the royal " we , " really ) wrote it because it filled a need in our half - breed lives of alternating text and HTML .
Turns out , though , that folks ranging from power emailers to military writers have found dull , boring text they can automate , misspelled words to catch on the fly , or perhaps powerful , seriously secretive acronyms they 'd occasionally like to spell out .
For less than 2.5MB of RAM on most systems , this one packs a pretty hefty punch .
Advertisement
In a magical world without computer stress , we 're all running virtual machines to try out software we might not want , and we simply uninstall it there , keeping one system nearly pristine .
For the real world , Revo Uninstaller scrubs an application and all its traces off your Windows system .
It can also turn off programs that are starting up with Windows , and uninstall applications with a crosshair " Hunter Mode " that does n't require you to know what it 's named .
Advertisement
Nir Sofer has contributed a wealth of great applications to the Windows world , but his Lifetime Achievement award for free software could be granted on his password utilities alone .
Need to share your network password , but have n't actually typed it in forever and a day ?
Network Password Recovery to the rescue .
Need to unlock an Outlook PST file ?
Hit up PstPassword .
Nir 's got you covered for email clients , IM apps , and , for every other app in your system that you can only see asteriks for , Asterisk Logger .
Use them with the light side of the geek Force , and you 'll owe Nir a beer after he saves your unlucky day .
Advertisement
With good reason , this tiny , powerful little app has remained our readers ' favorite Windows maintenance tool .
With a few clicks , it guns through your web browser remains , Recycle Bin , temporary system files , registry , and unnecessary application left - behinds , clearing them out and , in some cases , freeing up at least a DivX movie 's worth of space .
It also offers a startup program analyzer and disabling tool , and can be run on a schedule for that light , regular crap - free feeling ( ew , but good , right ? )
Five Best Windows Maintenance Tools
You download , create , delete , and move around countless files and endless piles of data on your …
Read more
Advertisement
Advertisement
Windows Task Manager is n't a bad tool , necessarily , but it only gives you a layman 's view of what 's eating up memory or pulling serious CPU cycles .
Process Explorer expands on the vagueries of " rundll " or " svchost " with a double - click , links background services to applications , and points to the folders they come from .
You might not need it all the time , but when you 're rooting around and trying to free up system memory , it 's like a finely - tuned metal detector .
Reclaim Memory by Mastering Windows ' Task Manager
The best way to speed up your PC is to give it more available memory — but freeing up as much of …
Read more
Advertisement
2. Replacements for built - in Windows utilities
Advertisement
There are a lot of good reasons to keep on rockin ' Windows XP , but some of the built - in utilities can feel a bit , well , dated — and that goes for a good number of Vista tools , tool .
Notepads without tabs ?
A Paint app that can't really resize or undo more than one action ?
Skip the headaches and work - arounds and run down our list of power replacements for built - in Windows utilities , almost all of which are tiny litle buggers that do their work a whole lot better than Windows ' own stuff .
This editor , for instance , tries not to think about what file copying was like before TeraCopy came along — or , if he does , tries to keep himself calm about that 4GB transfer that failed out for no reason , overnight .
Advertisement
Advertisement
If you feel like you 've heard this one before without really knowing why , you probably saw it listed as the best calendar application , or listed as one of the tools used to create a Featured Desktop .
This customizable little guy gives you a floating , tiny , yet informative calendar on your desktop , along with a to - do list .
It integrates with Outlook , Google Calendar , and most other iCal - supporting scheduling systems .
The full app with offline Outlook , GCal and shared calendar support costs € 10 ( or about $ 14 - 15 ) , but could totally be worth the price for anyone who does n't like to have to open a browser , or flip up Outlook , just to see what 's going on Monday .
Five Best Calendar Applications
Nothing 's more important to your productivity arsenal than a solid scheduling tool , and …
Read more
Advertisement
As we 've learned from reading our comments over many years ( collectively , at least ) , any Windows power - user has their own stash of little helpers that can move the rock down the road .
Which teensy - weensy little apps get past the velvet rope to your system tray , or into your must - install list ?
Share your links and the reasons why they win in the comments .
Red Hat 's Patent Promise
September 21 , 2017
Introduction :
Red Hat issued its first patent promise in 2002 .
As we explained at that time , our patent portfolio is intended to discourage patent aggression in free and open source software ( FOSS ) .
Since then , we have worked hard to discourage patent attacks through a range of initiatives , and have never used our patents offensively .
We believe our defensive approach to patents has been beneficial to the open source community as well as Red Hat .
Over the years , we have received some questions about our patent promise and its coverage .
With those in mind , we have clarified the terms of our patent promise , extended its coverage , and strengthened our commitment .
Our Patent Promise :
To the extent a party makes , uses , sells , offers to sell , imports , or otherwise transfers Covered FOSS , Red Hat agrees not to use such actions as a basis for enforcing its patents against the party ( " Our Promise " ) , subject to the limitations herein .
Our Promise extends to combinations with such Covered FOSS if the claimed invention is substantially embodied in the Covered FOSS portion of a combination and if all other portions of the combination are merely enabling or general - purpose technologies or practices .
For clarity , Our Promise does not extend to hardware by itself or other non-Covered FOSS by itself .
Our Promise also does not extend to the actions of a party ( including past actions ) if at any time the party or its affiliate asserts a patent in proceedings against Red Hat ( or its affiliate ) or any offering of Red Hat ( or its affiliate ) ( including a cross- claim or counterclaim ) .
A party relying on Our Promise acknowledges that Our Promise is not an assurance that Red Hat 's patents are enforceable or that practicing Red Hat 's patented inventions does not infringe others ’ patents or other intellectual property .
Red
Hat is not liable to a party relying on Our Promise for related claims brought by another based on infringement of intellectual property rights or otherwise .
Red Hat intends Our Promise to be irrevocable ( except as stated herein ) , and binding and enforceable against Red Hat and assignees of , or successors to , Red Hat ’s patents ( and any patents directly or indirectly issuing from Red Hat ’s patent applications ) .
As part of Our Promise , if Red Hat sells , exclusively licenses , or otherwise assigns or transfers patents or patent applications to a party , we will require the party to agree in writing to be bound to Our Promise for those patents and for patents directly or indirectly issuing on those patent applications .
We will also require the party to agree in writing to so bind its own assignees , transferees , and exclusive licensees .
Red Hat may modify Our Promise by publishing a new edition on this page or a successor location .
The prior edition ( including its treatment of previously distributed Covered FOSS ) will continue to apply to versions of software distributed as Covered FOSS before the new edition is so published , while the new edition will apply to all other Covered FOSS .
Also , the prior edition ( including its treatment of previously held patents and patent applications ) will continue to apply to patents and patent applications that Red Hat holds before the new edition is so published , and to patents and patent applications that directly or indirectly issue from such Red Hat patents and patent applications , while the new edition will apply to all other patents and patent applications .
Nonetheless , this edition of Our Promise supersedes retroactively and prospectively any prior Promise on Software Patents .
Definitions :
Approved License means a license listed by the Open Source Initiative as an approved license at https://opensource.org/licenses/alphabetical and that satisfies the “ Open Source Definition ” provided by the Initiative at https://opensource.org/osd as of the date this edition of Our Promise is published , or a license listed by the Free Software Foundation as a free software license at https://www.gnu.org/licenses/license-list.html#SoftwareLicenses and that satisfies the “ Free Software Definition ” provided by the Foundation at https://www.gnu.org/philosophy/free-sw.en.html as of the date this edition of Our Promise is published .
Covered FOSS means software licensed and distributed under an Approved License if matching source code for the software is available for distribution to the general public free of charge under an Approved License .
Red Hat means Red Hat , Inc. and its subsidiaries .
Frequently Asked Questions :
Why is Red Hat committing to a new version of the Patent Promise ?
We issued the first Patent Promise 15 years ago .
Since then , both Red Hat and open source have changed considerably , and some aspects of the Promise became outdated .
Open source is what Red Hat does , and open innovation plays an increasingly important role in technology and beyond .
Our expanded Patent Promise recognizes and is designed to protect open innovation .
How does the new Patent Promise improve upon its predecessor ?
The new Promise is substantially clearer and broader than its predecessor .
While the old Promise covered approximately 35 percent of open source software , the new version will cover more than 99 percent .
It applies to all software meeting the free software or open source definitions of the Free Software Foundation or the Open Source Initiative and listed by the FSF or OSI .
Also , the Promise promotes growth of the open source commons by encouraging release of matching source code .
This means that all commonly used open source licenses are included , and many less commonly used ones .
Does the new Promise cover more patents ?
Both the new Promise and the original Promise covered all Red Hat ’s patents .
It ’s worth noting that at the time of the original Promise , Red Hat had only a few patents , while now it has more than 2000 .
Does the new Promise apply to Red Hat ’s subsidiaries ?
Yes , the new Promise applies to Red Hat ’s subsidiaries , as well as to its successors and assignees .
Is the new Patent Promise a firm commitment by Red Hat ?
Yes , the new Promise expressly states that Red Hat intends the Promise to be binding and enforceable .
It is intended to make clear Red Hat ’s continuing commitment to support the open source community and not to assert patent claims regarding open source .
How does the new Patent Promise relate to similar commitments by other companies ?
While some companies in recent years have sought to allay concerns about the possible use of their patents through commitments similar to Red Hat ’s original Patent Promise , to our knowledge , no company has gone as far as Red Hat in making such a wide - ranging commitment as our new Promise , including coverage of our entire patent portfolio .
We encourage other companies to make commitments similar to this one .
What will happen to the original Patent Promise ?
The new Promise supersedes the original Promise and applies retroactively .
This makes clear that the broader coverage and other improvements of the new Promise replace the more limited scope of the original .
What are the requirements for benefiting from the new version ?
There are no special acts required to receive the benefits of the new Promise .
It generally applies to any software that would otherwise infringe one of Red Hat ’s patents as long as that software is covered by one of the specified open source licenses .
Do you foresee future changes to the Patent Promise ?
There are no plans for additional revisions to the Promise .
We recognize that there could be future developments that merit further modifications and will consider the best course in those circumstances .
The new Promise makes clear that , if there should be future revisions , they will not undo the protections and coverage now being put in place .
Since 9/11 , the West , and the United States in particular , has been wrestling with the problem of how to deal with the pathology , or what Abdelwahab Meddeb , the Paris - based Tunisian writer , calls the “ malady of Islam . ”
There seems to be no relevant past experience that the West might draw upon in confronting this malady .
The pathologies of German - Italian fascism and Japanese militarism were eventually severely dealt with by the Allied powers , and their defeat followed by reform of those societies made the world more secure and prosperous .
Similarly , a combination of diplomacy and military force by the West contained the pathology of the former Soviet Union until the communist system collapsed .
But presently , there is great reluctance in the West — especially from the new Obama administration in Washington — to learn from the past and to tackle the challenges the Arab - Muslim world will continue to pose in the years ahead if the malady remains uncured .
Much has been written in recent years about Islam .
I will comment here on an aspect of the problem of Islam and our modern world as a Muslim drawing upon my own lived experience .
First , the Arabs constitute less than a fifth of the world ’s Muslim population .
Yet despite their minority position Arabs are the center of gravity in the Islamic world .
Non-Arab Muslims , for a host of reasons , look to Arabs for their understanding and practice of Islam .
Hence , the malady of the Arab - Muslim world is intimately bound with the cultural norms of Arabs .
Region - wise , the most affected areas extend from the Atlantic to the River Indus .
Secondly , the malady has been exacerbated by the Arab response to modernity .
Modernity has multiple meanings : industrialization , urbanization , adoption of liberal values , women ’s rights , elected governments , etc .
I want to emphasize here the concept of citizenship as a core component of modernity .
The idea of citizenship is linked to the idea of individuals in society possessing unalienable rights .
The evolution of this idea has meant that even though society is a collection of individuals , individual rights override collective rights and distinguish modern society from mob rule .
On this idea rests the modern democratic society , wherein political leaders are elected by citizens to whom they are accountable .
They hold office with citizen approval ; they make laws , but none might be passed that override the unalienable rights of citizens written into the constitution .
They govern with support of the citizens and are replaced when they fail to meet the goals that saw them elected .
Let us now consider the malady of Islam given the above description of the problem as I see it .
Modernity , and its concept of individual rights , is Western in origin .
It evolved through centuries of philosophical and political debates , and then equally long periods of war to defeat those who opposed the principle of individual liberty .
Eventually modernity and its off - shoot , citizenship , prevailed over the opposition and were more or less firmly established in the West and places beyond by the end of the last century .
Arabs were in close proximity to these ideas and the struggle that accompanied them .
What , it might be asked of the Arabs , was their response to modernity ?
Even with all the apologia and obfuscation , the answer that cannot be evaded is that the collective Arab response has shown a preference for totalitarian ideology .
In the period following the end of the World War II and European colonialism , there were three ideological responses that marked out the Arabs into three groups : secular Muslims , and orthodox Muslims divided into the majority Sunni and minority Shi’i sects .
Secular Muslims were mobilized by Arab nationalism embodied in the Ba’ath party .
Sunni Muslims chose Wahhabism / Salafism embodied in the politics of the Muslim Brotherhood and the Taliban .
Shi’i Muslims followed Khomeinism embodied in the politics of the clerical regime in Iran , Hezbollah in Lebanon , and the Sadrists in Iraq .
All three ideologies and movements they spawned are totalitarian .
For all their professed belief in Islam ’s sacred scripture , Arabs — given their blood - soaked history of suppressing dissent and despite their close proximity to the evolution of liberal movements in Europe — have been engaged in suppressing or eradicating any form of individual liberty while making no allowance for their opponents .
Arabs have shown by their conduct that tyranny is their preferred response to modernity .
Liberalism in the Arab - Muslim world is peripheral .
Muslim liberals are scorned , or treated worse .
They look for support in the West or flee to the West .
Those who have fled are viewed as stooges of the West in their native countries .
Then many among them torn by remorse and guilt turn against their Western hosts and become caricatures of their past lives , railing against the West even as they prosper personally and professionally in the freedom West provides .
America ’s response to 9/11 under President George W. Bush has been hugely consequential for the advance of freedom over tyranny in the Arab - Muslim world .
Two of the three tyrannies ( Iraq under the Ba’ath and Afghanistan under the Taliban ) have been destroyed .
The remaining tyranny ( Iran under Khomeinism ) is in a unique situation .
It is trapped between emerging democracies , even as it is seen as a bastion of reactionary hope among besieged tyrannies and their defenders .
This circumstance has opened a second front in the war against Islamist terrorism , and one may observe the rise of proxy armies far and wide as a result .
Among supporters of the defeated tyrannies are the urban elite .
Members of the urban elite , particularly among non-Arab Muslims , are Westernized , share little in common with the populace , live in privileged enclaves , and send their offspring to schools in the West .
Their rule has brought much ruin to their people , as in Egypt and Pakistan .
But they have avoided taking any responsibility by railing against the West and blaming it for their failure .
This blame game will not end soon , especially as the West continues to contort itself in making apologies for the colonialism that ended some time ago .
Muslims need to ask themselves what they have against modernity .
Does it go against their scripture ?
Does it undermine their political interests ?
Does it impede their progress from poverty to a life of dignity and improved well - being ?
Except for the obstacle posed by the urban elite and the influence of Arab culture , Muslims in general have no reason not to embrace modernity .
Freedom and democracy have been planted by American arms in the heart of the Arab - Muslim world .
Violent reactions were predictable given the history of the people and the region .
But the defeat of two tyrannies and their accompanying ideologies is a beginning .
It opens a new chapter for Muslims to prove to themselves they can be free people respecting of individual liberty and making progress with a better and reformed understanding of Islam .
Conversely , if the malady of Islam is not cured it will increasingly infect the West ; hence , apart from any other reason , prudence itself demands the West steadfastly remain committed to the curing of Islam ’s malady .
Un confronto tra due sport che non hanno molto in comune .
Civilizzati contro incivili ?
O forse , è meglio che ognuno si tenga il proprio gioco
“ Il rugby e’ uno sport per carrettieri giocato da gentiluomini , il calcio per gentiluomini giocato da carrettieri “ .
Lo diceva quell ’Oscar Wilde recentemente esaltato dal Benigni vate nazional popolare a Sanremo , e chi siamo noi per dargli contro ?
Noi dello sport giocato da gentiluomini siamo sempre pronti a caricarci del nostro “ fardello dell ’ uomo bianco ” , faro di civilta ’ e tecnologie avanzate , per aiutare i fautori dell ’ abominevole “ giuoco del calcio ” a sciogliere le loro ambasce invece che accapigliarsi tra loro ( non e ’ puzza sotto il naso , bisogna ammetterlo : i calciofili sono ignoranti nel senso che ignorano che c’e ’ tutto un mondo fuori dal loro ) , proponendo alcune soluzioni da noi standard da tempo e raccontando l’effetto che fa .
Se non altro per risollevarvi dalle tristizie del turno di Champions , ambiente dall ’aria troppo rarefatta e inospitale per le italiane che vi sono arrivate quest ’ anno .
Poi decidete da soli se le novita ’ che seguono vi piacerebbe adottarle anche nel calcio , che tanto a noi , guarda …
LA MOVIOLA IN CAMPO – Nel rugby esiste da tempo : in particolari situazioni di incertezza l’arbitro non deve far altro che fischiare , muovere i due indici disegnando un rettangolo in aria a mo ’ di Tv e attendere in auricolare il responso che tipicamente arriva entro trenta secondi , cioe ’ il tempo per un massaggatore di entrare in campo e passare la borraccia a qualcuno .
La soluzione alle incertezze dell ’ arbitro arriva da colui che nel vostro “ giuoco ” chiamate “ quarto uomo ” – un arbitro che non si capisce bene cheffa ’ , controlla che allenatori e riserve non smoccolino troppo nei loro loculi come una sorta di guardiano dei cessi all ’Autogrill ?
Nel nostro sport invece lo chiamiamo “ Television Match Officer ” ( Tmo ) e sta in una stanzetta isolata dello stadio con un tecnico e una moviola .
Notare che il reply analizzato dal
Tmo va in diretta sul maxischermo del campo e le sue deduzioni sono udite attraverso gli altroparlanti , offrendo al pubblico la massima trasparenza .
Pochissimo tempo perso – rido pensando a quelli che : “ si ma il calcio e’ uno sport che non puo’ essere continuamente spezzettato ” : seee , e i falli , simulazioni e guaiti di dolore inclusi ?
Il 95 % dei casi viene risolto per evidenza pubblica , togliendo carne al fuoco delle passioni del tifosi anche piu’ incarogniti .
L’ESPULSIONE TEMPORANEA
– I gentiluomini non si ammoniscono , al limite si avvertono .
Dopodiche ’ uomo avvisato mezzo salvato , se fanno i recidivi li si manda “ a pensarci sopra ” per dieci minuti in panchina , lasciando la loro squadra a spingere e a far botte in inferiorita ’ numerica : questo e’ il senso del cartellino giallo nello sport per gentiluomini .
Ora si fa un gran parlare dell ’ introduzione dell ’espulsione temporanea anche nel calcio – gia ’ lo chiamano cartellino arancione ” ; sappiate che da noi esiste gia’ e funziona bene .
Il secondo giallo anche da noi equivale al rosso , estratto direttamente in rari casi di violenza sciocca piu ’ che gratuita : il gentiluomo e’ invitato a lasciare il consesso e andare a ricomporsi anzitempo nello spogliatoio .
L’ARBITRO PARLANTE E I DIECI METRI DI PENALIZZAZIONE – Tra gentiluomini l’arbitro possiede un fischietto ma lo tiene in mano , perche ’ la bocca gli e’ stata data per parlare non solo per fischiare come un volgare facchino .
Quello che dice l’arbitro ai giocatori si sente in tutto lo stadio : durante il gioco avvisa , guida , ammonisce ; dopo che ha fischiato , spiega .
L’arbitro conferisce coi guardialinee anche loro dotati di auricolare , parla a chi vuole e dice quello che gli pare : uno l’ho sentirlo dire a un giocatore : “ hai fatto una inspiegabile stupidaggine ” oppure “ state giocando bene , non rovinate la giornata a tutti con falli sciocchi come questo “ .
Tra gentiluomini , ogni decisione dell ’ arbitro e’ insindacabile e indiscutibile ( al pubblico pagante e’ concesso di far buuhhh ) .
Il capitano puo ’ chiedere spiegazioni se la cosa non fa perdere eccessivo tempo ; se lo fa un altro o sia mai in caso non certo di proteste ( non esistono ) ma di semplice “ dissent ” manifesto , la squadra del reprobo perde dieci metri di campo e si becca la punizione piu’ vicino ai suoi pali .
Cosi ’ impara il rispetto .
NON C’E’ PANCHINA – Nel nostro sport chi gioca sta in campo e chi non gioca si sistema in tribuna .
Solo gli australi che di ampi spazi non hanno carenza , sistemano attorno al campo un po ’ di cyclette e qualche sedia per i rincalzi , ma nei Paesi civilizzati queste cose non si vedono .
A dire il vero attorno alle linee laterali si aggirano strani energumeni con l’aspetto di ex giocatori piu ’ che di paramedici , armati di borracce , kit di pronto soccorso e auricolare : sono portaordini - suggeritori in nome del coach , usano le interruzioni di gioco per infortunio per consegnare messaggi tattici segreti ai giocatori .
L’allenatore e tutte le riserve stanno in tribuna , tra il pubblico : i secondi vicini al campo come nelle squadre inglesi del vostro sport , i primi invece in alto , magari isolati in una suite vetrata assieme al loro staff .
I vantaggi sono notevoli : si evitano teatrinate e sbracciamenti da lavandaie a beneficio del pubblico e del presidente , in alto la partita si vede meglio – solo Lobanowskij allenatore dell ’
Urss finalista agli Europei mi risulta l’avesse afferrato tra i calciofili ; ulteriore vantaggio e’ togliere scuse ai Varriale per divinare i grugniti di un defi con diploma in ragioneria .
E POI ?
DI CHE PARLIAMO ?
– Come avete visto mi sono rifiutato di accennare al famigerato “ terzo tempo “ , quello che secondo i calciofili sarebbe la stretta di mano a fine gara .
In realta ’ quella e’ roba da pallavoliste , il vero terzo tempo e’ una bevuta e magnata di fine gara tra gentiluomini e invitati/e : non ce ’ niente di meglio che una birra tutti insieme , mentre chi t’ha chiuso un occhio un’ora prima ti presenta la cheerleader biondina affiche ’ tu gli spieghi nei dettagli com ’e ’ la mischia chiusa .
L’elenco delle cose utili ad elevare e rendere piu’ fruibile il “ giuoco del calcio ” preso dalle esperienze di vita vissuta di uno sport per certi versi consimile , solo piu ’ maturo e responsabile , potrebbe continuare ; ma chevvelodicoaffa ’ , probabilmente il vostro giuoco vi piace cosi ’ , ambiguo e aperto a ogni esito possibile , come la piuma al vento che oscilla all ’inizio e alla fine del film sulla vita di Forrest Gump .
Tenetevelo stretto .
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement French unions have claimed that up to three million people have taken part in street protests amid a national strike against France 's economic policies .
Police gave an estimate of 1.2 million people at rallies nationwide .
Schools have been closed and public transport disrupted , with demonstrations held in about 200 towns .
Unions are demanding more is spent to protect workers in the recession .
Unemployment has reached two million and is expected to rise further .
Union members marched towards the Place de la Nation in Paris behind a banner that read : " United against the crisis , defend employment , spending power and public services . "
We have a president who aggravates the crisis by making the wrong economic and social choices
Benoit Hamon , Socialist Party
Grim mood behind France 's banners French strike : Your views " They have a profound sense of social injustice , " said Jean - Claude Mailly , head of the large Force Ouvriere union , " and that , I think , is something that neither the government nor the employers have understood . "
Benoit Hamon , a spokesman for the French Socialist Party spokesman said France was experiencing similar problems to other countries , but that the situation was being made worse by President Nicolas Sarkozy .
" We have a president who aggravates the crisis by making the wrong economic and social choices , by his deafness regarding the general dissatisfaction , " said Mr Hamom .
" He refuses to give answers regarding layoffs , regarding the cost of living , regarding the way to objectively avoid the rise in job losses in the public sector or in the public health system . "
Marches were also being held in Marseille , Lyon , Grenoble and many other towns and cities .
Noel Kouici , demonstrating in Marseilles , said protesters had a " grudge " against the government .
" Of course we are angry against the government when you see the way they serve the banks and leave the people starving and losing their jobs , " he said .
But the deputy mayor of Marseille , Roland Blum , told the BBC the government had done a lot to help people .
" Of course I understand the distress of people who 've lost or are going to lose their jobs , but what I think is necessary is that we all work together , " he said .
There protests were largely peaceful but minor scuffles were reported in several cities later in the evening .
In Paris , police used tear gas to disperse small groups of youths who were setting fire to rubbish bins and throwing bottles .
It is the second time in two months that major demonstrations have been held , following a similar display in January which drew about a million protesters .
Beleaguered industries
The strikes began on Wednesday evening on transport networks .
French commuters face a limited rail service because of the strike
The national rail operator , SNCF , cancelled 40 % of high - speed trains and half of regional services .
A third of flights out of Paris 's Orly airport have been cancelled , while a tenth of France 's electricity output has been shut down with workers on strike .
However , buses and the Metro rail system in Paris were running normally , thanks to a new law enforcing a minimum transport service during strikes , .
But with many schools and public buildings shut for the day , the number of workers travelling into the capital was reduced .
Private - sector firms were also expecting a depleted workforce , with staff from the beleaguered car industry , oil and retail sectors taking part in the strike .
Rising unemployment
The unions say the 26bn euro ( $ 35 bn ; £ 24.5 bn ) stimulus package for France 's struggling economy , unveiled by Mr Sarkozy in December , does not go far enough .
FRENCH UNIONS vs GOVERNMENT
Union demands
Increase minimum wage Reverse 50 % cap on income tax Suspend public sector job cuts Measures to protect employment Government stimulus plan 11bn euros to help businesses improve cashflows 11bn euros of direct state investment 4bn euros of investment by state - owned firms in modernisation 2.65 bn euros of tax breaks , and increases in family welfare and short - term unemployment benefits
In pictures : French strikes French divided by strikes A further 2.4bn euros ( $ 3.2bn ; £ 2.3 bn ) of measures , including tax breaks and social benefits , presented by Mr Sarkozy after January 's strike has failed to placate them .
They want him to increase the minimum wage and scrap his plans to cut public - sector jobs .
Recent polls show three - quarters of French people support the strikers .
Many commuters on Thursday said they backed the action , but hoped it would be short - lived .
" Fundamentally I agree , but too much is too much , " one was quoted as saying .
" There are strikes in the transport sector too often and we have to put up with them . "
Mr Sarkozy said on Wednesday that he " understands the concerns of the French people " but has ruled out plans for further measures .
Unemployment is likely to shoot up to 10 % in the next 12 months with a further 350,000 lay - offs expected by the end of this year .
Many people are angry that big companies like the oil giant Total is making staff redundant while simultaneously announcing record profits , the BBC's Emma Jane Kirby in Paris says .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Scientific publishing might have just reached a tipping point , thanks to a new open access policy at MIT .
Following a more limited open - access mandate at Harvard , the legendary school 's faculty voted last week to make all of their papers available for free on the web , the first university - wide policy of its sort .
Hal Abelson , who spearheaded the effort , said that these agreements went beyond providing a repository for papers , they changed the power dynamics between scientific publishers and researchers .
" What 's important here is that it 's giving the university a formal role in how publications happen , " Abelson said .
" Some of the faculty said , ' You 're calling this an open - access resolution but actually the way to think of it is as a collective bargaining agreement . ' "
Many scientists and researchers have pushed for open access policies , but publishers have been reluctant to give up control of the informational resources they have .
Big companies like Wiley John & Sons , The Macmillan Publishers ' Nature Publishing Group , and Reed Elsevier argue that they provide valuable and expensive peer - review , and that there 's no way to ensure quality without the subscription fees that they charge libraries and universities .
But open access advocates say the current scientific publishing paradigm is broken because publishers control the scientific record , not academics .
" Who actually should be controlling the scholarly record ? " Abelson asked .
" Universities have a mission that has something to do with producing and disseminating knowledge .
These publishers , whatever their good intentions may be , have a mission to make money for their stockholders .
The system is a little out of whack . "
That 's a major reason that Congress approved an open access policy for National Institutes of Health - funded research .
Under the NIH public access policy , papers are made public twelve months after publication .
The scientific publishing system , which developed long before the internet , does n't allow for scientific information to be accessed freely like most web content is .
This creates data silos within individual publisher 's journals and prevents the sharing and data mining of scientific information , open access advocates argue .
Paul Ginsparg , who created the physics pre-print server known as arXiv , summarized the problem back in 2000 .
" If we were to start from scratch today to design a quality controlled distribution system for research findings , " he wrote , " it would likely take a very different form both from the current system and from the electronic clone it would spawn without more constructive input from the research community .
The latest step from MIT is a sign that an increasing number of faculty members are beginning to think the publishing paradigm has to change , but it 's not going to be easy .
" This is big , " wrote Peter Suber , an open access advocate with Public Knowledge , a Washington D.C. non-profit .
But he also noted that the faculty resolution included a clause that allowed researchers to opt- out of the open access system for specific publications .
This could mean that the most important papers — the big Science and Nature publications — do n't end up freely available to the public .
" I certainly expect it to be used .
Harvard 's has been used , " Abelson said .
" The fact is that in the current climate , you have to give people the ability to opt out . "
Stuart Shieber , the computer scientist who designed Harvard 's open access policy , said that it was too early to tell if there were systematic uses of the waivers , but that so far , the percentage of faculty opting out was small .
" I think it 's early to have any kind of definitive notion of how that 's all going to shake out , " Shieber said .
Still , Abelson said that he expected that the limitations of the new policy would be overcome in time .
" This is a nice step but it is the beginning of what 's got to be a five - year process , " said Abelson .
" There will be some other kind of equilibrium . "
AAAS CEO and Science 's executive publisher , Alan Leshner , struck a similar , tentative note .
" We 're not yet certain what the MIT faculty decision might mean for our journal , " he wrote in an e-mail to Wired.com .
" We already permit authors to post their articles to their institutional repositories , and we also allow limited educational use of articles published by Science .
We will have questions related to the MIT decision regarding the secondary redistribution of any content that has been peer - reviewed and published by our journal . "
To track those developments , keep an eye on Dspace , where the MIT papers will soon be published .
* Update 8:45 AM , 3/26 : Corrected owner of Nature Publishing Group to Macmillan Publishers .
Update 9:47 AM , 3/26 : Updated to add comment from Stuart Shieber .
Update 10:14 AM , 3/26 : Updated to add statement from Science 's Alan Leshner . *
See Also :
Image : flickr / iwouldstay
WiSci 2.0 : Alexis Madrigal 's Twitter , Google Reader feed , and project site , Inventing Green : the lost history of American clean tech ; Wired Science on Facebook .
Hoisted from comments :
Say I am SAC Capital .
I get to be one of the bidders on bank assets covered by the program Citi holds $ 100 mm of face - value securities , carried at $ 80 mm .
The market bid on these securities is $ 30 mm .
Say with perfect foresight the value of all cash flows is $ 50 mm .
I bid Citi $ 75 mm .
I put up $ 2.25 mm or 3 % , Treasury funds the rest .
I then buy $ 10 mm in CDS directly from Citi [ or another participant ( BOA , GS , etc ) ] on the bonds for a premium of $ 1 m m .
In the fullness of time , we get the final outcome , the bonds are worth $ 50 mm SAC loses $ 2.25 mm of principal , but gets $ 9 mm net in CDS proceeds , so recovers $ 6.75 mm on a $ 2.25 mm investment .
Profit is $ 4.5 mm
Citi writes down $ 5 mm from the initial sale of the securities , and a $ 9 mm CDS loss .
Total loss , $ 14 mm ( against a potential $ 30 mm loss without the program ) U.S. Treasury loses $ 22.75 mm Great program .
It ’s just a scheme to transfer losses from the bank to the taxpayer with an egregious payout to a middleman ( SAC ) to effectively money launder the transaction .
You ’ve also transmuted a $ 30 mm economic loss into a $ 36.75 mm economic loss because of the laundering .
So its incredibly inefficient .
How did fraud and money laundering become the national economic policy of the US ?
One would have to be a criminal to participate in this .
Update : One Kid Dynamite in comments suggested the CDS proceeds were overstated .
If we adjust for his assumption , the Citi loss is reduced ( $ 9.5 million versus $ 14 million in example ) .
The investor would also show no profit on a $ 2.25 million investment ( note the quick and dirty analysis did not allow for time value of money , which means he loses money ) .
If the investor anticipated that , it means he would not bit at all .
So you need either overly optimistic investors or an even richer subsidy from Uncle Sam .
And that ’s before you get to the other two issues , first , that even this example has Citi showing a loss on sale of dud assets ( which we do n’t see happening , the whole point is for banks NOT to show losses ) .
So the bid would have to be even higher , the full $ 80 million .
Second , if we further accept Kid Dynamite ’s observation that the CDS would be more pricey ( any input here ? ) that basically means there deal would produce an expected loss .
Again , no trade unless investors are too optimistic .
Think we have an excess of optimism in this environment ?
But this little example does serve to illustrate that even if the investors understand and fully accept that the current market price is markedly below the “ true ” value of the toxic paper , the math to the investor still does not appear to work .
That means the program will have to offer even richer subsidies or will elicit very few successful bids ( and then only on the best of the dreck , where the “ real ” value of the paper appears to be not too horrifically below the level at which the bank is carrying it on its books ) .
That ’s a lot of cost and drama for perilous little benefit .
Back to the original post :
Folks , this IS even worse than I thought , and you know I have a constitutional predisposition to take a dim view of things ( although it was clear from the get - go that the introduction of private parties to give air cover to the Treasury would make the exercise more costly without adding any value ) .
I suggest you write / e- mail your Congressmen , and more important , any of you who have MSM media contacts , call this to their attention .
There will no doubt be useful further grist on this thread and on the post on which this comment first appeared .
But the analysis above is damning on its face .
I ’d like to have someone have Geithner try to explain why it WON ” T work like that , and how this abortion solution is in our collective best interest .
AIG bonuses are a sideshow ( as offensive as they are , do n’t get me wrong on that one , the symbolism is awful ) .
It is diverting attention from the real crimes and serving to get nay - sayers branded as populists , which is code for “ jealous of their betters ” .
But this sort of thing in reality , as Paul Krugman points out today , is not a class issue but a recognition that the program is so heinous that it represents a fundamental danger to an already damaged economy :
… that these funds will have skewed incentives .
In effect , Treasury will be creating — deliberately ! — the functional equivalent of Texas S&Ls in the 1980s : financial operations with very little capital but lots of government - guaranteed liabilities .
For the private investors , this is an open invitation to play heads I win , tails the taxpayers lose .
So sure , these investors will be ready to pay high prices for toxic waste .
After all , the stuff might be worth something ; and if it is n’t , that ’s someone else ’s problem .
Krugman ’s comparison to the S&L crisis is actually too favorable .
The losses then were only $ 100 - $ 120 billion in total .
The damage ( as in losses to the taxpayer ) on this one program are almost certain to be greater if the Administration gets its hoped - for take - up .
Now that level of loss ( ex the unnecessary subsidy ) might well be warranted IF it were putting the markets on a sound footing , by providing a backstop while investors did price discovery on bad assets .
Price discovery is a necessary part of this process .
One could argue the reason the offer in the illustration above is $ 80 million and the bid is only $ 30 million is that no one is interested in bidding when the sellers are n’t serious .
If the banks really were to start unloading assets , the initial buyers would get a steal , but more capital would come forward .
You might not see bids rising to the “ fullness of time ” $ 50 million level , but you would see bidding rise above the current level .
( Note , however , that the banks simply are not willing to show more losses , which means , as in the S&L crisis , the bad assets need to come into government hands via institutions that are in the worst shape being declared insolvent and taken over , and the assets sold out of receivership .
There is simply no sensible mechanism by which the government can provide these massive subsidies .
We ’ve now had three attempts at it , two under Paulson , and now the Geithner monstrosity .
A bad idea is a bad idea .
We need to move on to Plan B ) .
With price discovery ( or the equivalent via more realistic marking of their books ) , some banks would be toast and need to be put in a form of receivership .
But pretending these banks are viable , keeping the incumbents in place ( who have incentives to take risk with taxpayer money , if nothing else so they can try to show profits and slip the leash ) is the worst of all worlds .
Some of the big banks already have been nationalized from an economic perspective , yet we keep alive the dangerous and costly fiction that they are functioning , private concerns .
The Japanese did a variant of this program via letting zombie banks hold dead loans at grossly overvalued prices and pretend to be solvent , and look how well it served them .
Oh , and in the end , the banks had to take the losses .
There may also be a Constitutional issue , as another reader alleged :
Geithner / Summers are willfully evading Congressional oversight .
After the Tequila / Mexico financial crisis , the banks wanted 20 billion and Congress would n’t give it , so Summers / Geithner under Clinton evaded that buy misusing the government ’s ESF , argually illegally .
Now , given that Congress does n’t want to authorize more money , Summers / Geithner are trying to misuse Fed / DIC authority to hand out cash .
This is illegal because the FDIC and Fed are authorized to lend , but not to hand out gifts / grants .
Lending non-recourse undercollateralized is a gift / grant .
I know we are all suffering from outrage fatigue , but this is a worthy target for your ire .
I hope you find a productive outlet for it .
PS
No vigilante stuff or threats to preps or suspected perps , please .
First , it ’s counterproductive .
It elicits sympathy and will lead the companies to hire bodyguards , which if they are on Federal life support , comes out of our collective hide .
Second , it ’s bad karma .
It ’s nothing against the Irish .
It ’s just that heredity is utter BS .
Look .
Three of the nationalities I come from are German , French , and Jewish .
So if national origin actually meant anything , I should have some special day just for me to invade myself then stick my head in an oven .
Obviously , none of that is going to happen .
And yet here ’s a special day for one particular group ( or even those who just want to pretend — huh ? ) in what might be the world ’s most mixed - up , polyglot republic .
It ’s the drink - until - you - puke bacchanalia of identity politics .
It ’s silly .
And in some ways , it ought to be seen as slightly offensive to the Irish .
Imagine if everybody was supposed to spend Black History Month dressed like a Hollywood version of a ’ 70s pimp , carrying around a 40 oz in a paper sack .
I say : We ’re all Americans ; be that .
Our special day is Independence Day — which , considering the drubbing we gave the English , ought to be plenty enough for everybody , even the Irish .
My Peoples , it ’s no secret that PAIN is the People ’s Game .
Our community has asked us for certain features or types of gameplay , and we ’ve taken that feedback and turned it into modes , characters , bug fixes , and so on .
No doubt , continued development of PAIN is a time - consuming process filled with pitfalls and turmoil , but in the end , it seems to be working out for the best .
We never seem to be able to give you enough content quickly enough , but we get some quality feedback every time we release new content ( not just praise – constructive criticism is welcome , too ) .
PAIN was never designed with online play in mind .
The sheer number of active objects flying around at any given time during a single launch is ridiculous to process , and then when you factor in the possibility of each of those objects hitting another object – perhaps an exploding one – the situation becomes even nuttier .
With that in mind , we were a bit stupefied when the People said that they wanted PAIN online .
That is by no means a small task , but somehow the evil geniuses at Idol Minds have managed to pull it off , and the patch is now live .
The patch is free , and it will allow you to play all your favorite multiplayer PAIN Modes against your buddies online .
You can get your text chat on , of course , but it would n’t be PAIN without being able to talk trash , so we ’ve included voice chat as well .
Personally , I think that getting a strike or even a spare in PAIN Bowling with Jarvis ’ L2 +
X pose says more than I ever could , but it ’s your world .
We ’re about to drop the Smack Pack on you ( sold separately ) , which includes the Darts and Fortress game Modes .
As I ’m sure you know , traditional Darts would n’t be suitable for PAIN .
We would n’t dare make something as simple as launching a character into an oversized dartboard .
Instead , you have to launch you character toward a giant sticky billboard with multiple bullseyes painted on it , in the process grabbing another character ( or bomb ) and chucking it at the billboard .
Sounds simple enough , eh ?
Oh , I forgot to mention the fact that your opponents have distractions to jack you up during your flight to the billboard .
It makes it even more satisfying to clear the distractions and pull off a bullseye , so I hope your game is in order .
Fortress is the other half of the Smack Pack , and it pits you against up to three opponents , each of you with a giant fortress on a floating platform in the sky .
On offense , your task is to aim at an opponent ’s fortress , launch and grab an exploding object , and chuck it at their fortress to inflict maximum damage .
Every bit of damage you do costs that player points , and when their score reaches zero , that player is eliminated .
Obviously , we ’d never make it easy for you to do something like that , so at the beginning of each game , every player gets a chance to select their defenses , which range from everything from reinforcements that toughen up your walls , to flying mailboxes and cereal that knock launching enemies out of play , to blue screens that fly up and take out enemies and / or their projectiles .
Fortress is a blast to play ( no pun intended ) , so make sure your trash talk is ready .
Like all of the current offline multiplayer Modes in PAIN , Darts and Fortress are playable offline , too .
In both modes , the various objects and distractions in the game depend on the environment in which you ’re playing .
For example , if you ’re playing Fortress in the Amusement Park , you ’re grabbing and chucking exploding teddy bears .
Likewise , if you ’re playing Fortress in the Movie Studio , you might see some cameras being used to strengthen your opponents ’ walls .
Both Modes will be playable in all future environments as well .
As always , we look forward to hearing back from you all on online multiplayer once you get a taste .
It ’s a nice addition to the world of PAIN , and I have a feeling that everybody ’s going to be “ leveling up ” their PAIN skills as a result of the new competition within the community .
Let us know what you think .
As always , we ’re listening .
So get out of here and GO ONLINE LATER TODAY !!!!!!
CUSTOM TOLL FREE TOOLS Custom Toll Free has developed a series of innovative tools designed to boost your service and your sales .
These tools allow you to effectively track and measure the progress of your campaigns .
learn more
PRODUCTS AND SERVICES
As the national leader of toll free numbers and direct response marketing , Custom Toll Free understands that getting the best possible ROI ROI ( return on investment ) boils down to getting a toll free number that best suits your business .
With over 6 million numbers to choose from , you are going to find it here .
learn more
With the electric Mini- E program well under way and people lining up to get one , BMW is planning a line of near zero-emission vehicles called Megacity and says they could be on the road in a few years .
The line - up will include electric and high - efficiency gasoline vehicles , BMW chairman Norbert Reithofer said .
Megacity follows the Mini-E to become the second car developed by project i , BMW 's campaign to to develop low - emission city cars and a sustainable means of producing them .
" With the Megacity vehicle , we are pursuing a radical approach toward establishing a truly sustainable value chain - from development to production and sales , " Reithofer said .
" This vehicle will be the first of a range of near - zero emission vehicles .
Customers will have the choice between a fully electric drive and a high efficiency combustion engine .
Large - scale production could start in the first half of the next decade . "
BMW is one of several automakers beating the electric drum these days , and most of the big players promise to roll out an EV within three years .
BMW will put 500 Mini- E electric cars in driveways this year as part of a two - year field test .
But even as Reithofer hailed the Mine - E as a " milestone " and laid out his vision of a greener future , he tamped down EV expectations .
Reithofer did n't offer any further details on the Megacity when he announced it earlier this week at a press conference to discuss the company 's financial performance .
There has been no decision on what the car might look like - though there have been rumors the Isetta could come back - but the car almost certainly will draw on work already done on the Mine -E .
And although Reithofer touted the Mini-E as BMW 's " first milestone towards electric mobility " and said it is " the car company with the largest fleet of electric cars , " he downplayed expectations for the technology , according to a transcript of his address provided by BMW .
" Euphoria is not called for - not yet anyway , " he said .
" It will take years and years before electric cars will be a common sight on our roads . "
Why ?
According to Reithofer , " electric cars do not meet all the different mobility demands . "
Batteries remain expensive - the Mini will cost $ 850 a month to lease - and subject to " open questions " about their life cycles and infrastructure needs .
" Currently all manufacturers - and our society for that matter - are going through a learning process , " he said .
BMW is counting on improvements in internal combustion engines to boost fuel efficiency in the short - term , with smaller turbocharged engines a possibility for M-models .
It 's also looking at hybrids , with gas - electric versions of the 7 - Series and X6 going into production later this year .
EVs are further down the line , and BMW is still betting on hydrogen to lead us to a cleaner , greener motoring future at some point .
Photo : Jim Merithew / Wired.com
See Also :
These certifiers , then , are paid by the farmers and manufacturers they are inspecting to certify that the standards have been met .
Depending on several factors , the fee can be hundreds or thousands of dollars .
Manufacturers who buy six or seven organic ingredients to make one product are especially dependent on the web of agents .
Image
If agents do a thorough job , the system can be effective .
But sometimes it falls apart .
Texas officials last month fired a state worker who served as a certifier because a plant owned by the Peanut Corporation of America — the company at the center of the salmonella outbreak — was allowed to keep its organic certification although it did not have a state health certificate .
A private certifier took nearly seven months to recommend that the U.S.D.A. revoke the organic certification of the peanut company ’s Georgia plant , and then did so only after the company was in the thick of a massive food recall .
So far , nearly 3,000 products have been recalled , including popular organic items from companies like Clif Bar and Cascadian Farm .
Nine people have died and almost 700 have become ill .
The private certifier , the Organic Crop Improvement Association , sent a notice in July to the peanut company saying it was no longer complying with organic standards , said Jeff See , the association ’s executive director .
He would not say why his company wanted to pull the certification .
A second notice was sent in September , but it was n’t until Feb .
4 that the certifier finally told the agriculture department that the company should lose its ability to use the organic label .
Mr. See said the peanut company initially appeared willing to clear up the problems .
But he said the company was slow to produce information and then changed the person in charge of the organic certification , further delaying the process .
Recorded music does n’t sound as good as it used to .
Recordings sound muddy , clipped and lack punch .
This is due to the ‘ loudness war ’ that has been taking place in recording studios .
To make a track stand out from the rest of the pack , recording engineers have been turning up the volume on recorded music .
Louder tracks grab the listener ’s attention , and in this crowded music market , attention is important .
And thus the loudness war – engineers must turn up the volume on their tracks lest the track sound wimpy when compared to all of the other loud tracks .
However , there ’s a downside to all this volume .
Our music is compressed .
The louds are louds and the softs are loud , with little difference .
The result is that our music seems strained , there is little emotional range , and listening to loud all the time becomes tedious and tiring .
I ’m interested in looking at the loudness for the recordings of a number of artists to see how wide - spread this loudness war really is .
To do this I used the Echo Nest remix API and a bit of Python to collect and plot loudness for a set of recordings .
I did two experiments .
First I looked at the loudness for music by some of my favorite or well known artists .
Then I looked at loudness over a large collection of music .
First , lets start with a loudness plot of Dave Brubeck ’s Take Five .
There ’s a loudness range of - 33 to about - 15 dBs – a range of about 18 dBs .
Now take a look at a track from the new Metallica album .
Here we see a dB range of from about - 3 dB to about - 6 dB – for a range of about 3 dB .
The difference is rather striking .
You can see the lack of dynamic range in the plot quite easily .
Now you ca n’t really compare Dave Brubeck ’s cool jazz with Metallica ’s heavy metal – they are two very different kinds of music – so lets look at some others .
( One caveat for all of these experiments – I do n’t always know the provenance of all of my mp3s – some may be from remasters where the audio engineers may have adjusted the loudness , while some may be the original mix ) .
Here ’s the venerable Stairway to Heaven – with a dB range of - 40 dB to about - 5 dB for a range of 35 dB .
That ’s a whole lot of range .
Compare that to the track ‘ supermassive black hole ’ – by Muse – with a range of just 4dB .
I like Muse , but I find their tracks to get boring quickly – perhaps this is because of the lack of dynamic range robs some of the emotional impact .
There ’s no emotional arc like you can see in a song like Stairway to Heaven .
Some more examples – The Clash – London Calling .
Not a wide dynamic range – but still not at ear splitting volumes .
This track by Nickleback is pushing the loudness envelope , but does have a bit of dynamic range .
Compare the loudness level to the Sex Pistols .
Less volume , and less dynamic range – but that ’s how punk is – all one volume .
The Stooges – Raw Power is considered to be one of the loudest albums of all time .
Indeed , the loudness curve is bursting through the margins of the plot .
Here in one plot are 4 tracks overlayed – Red is Dave Brubeck , Blue is the Sex Pistols , Green is Nickleback and purple is the Stooges .
There been quite a bit of writing about the loudness war .
The wikipedia entry is quite comprehensive , with some excellent plots showing how some recordings have had a loudness makeover when remastered .
The Rolling Stone ’s article : The Death of High Fidelity gives reactions of musicians and record producers to the loudness war .
Producer Butch Vig says “ Compression is a necessary evil .
The artists I know want to sound competitive .
You do n’t want your track to sound quieter or wimpier by comparison .
We ’ve raised the bar and you ca n’t really step back . ”
The loudest artists
I have analyzed the loudness of about 15 K tracks from the top 1,000 or so most popular artists .
The average loudness across all 15 K tracks is about - 9.5 dB .
The very loudest artists from this set – those with a loudness of - 5 dB or greater are :
Artist dB Venetian Snares - 1.25 Soulja Boy - 2.38 Slipknot - 2.65 Dimmu Borgir - 2.73 Andrew W.K. - 3.15 Queens of the Stone Age - 3.23 Black Kids - 3.45 Dropkick Murphys - 3.50 All That Remains - 3.56 Disturbed - 3.64 Rise Against - 3.73 Kid Rock - 3.86 Amon Amarth - 3.88 The Offspring - 3.89 Avril Lavigne - 3.93 MGMT - 3.94 Fall Out Boy - 3.97 Dragonforce - 4.02 30 Seconds To Mars - 4.08 Billy Talent - 4.13 Bad Religion - 4.13 Metallica - 4.14 Avenged Sevenfold - 4.23 The Killers - 4.27 Nightwish - 4.37 Arctic Monkeys - 4.40 Chromeo - 4.42 Green Day - 4.43 Oasis - 4.45 The Strokes - 4.49 System of a Down - 4.51 Blink 182 - 4.52 Bloc Party - 4.53 Katy Perry - 4.76 Barenaked Ladies - 4.76 Breaking Benjamin - 4.80 My Chemical Romance - 4.81 2 Pac - 4.94 Megadeth - 4.97
It is interesting to see that Avril Lavigne is louder than Metallica and Katy Perry is louder than Megadeth .
The Quietest Artists
Here are the quietest artists :
Artist dB Brian Eno - 17.52 Leonard Cohen - 16.24 Norah Jones - 15.75 Tori Amos - 15.23 Jeff Buckley - 15.21 Neil Young - 14.51 Damien Rice - 14.33 Lou Reed - 14.33 Cat Stevens - 14.22 Bon Iver - 14.14 Enya - 14.13 The Velvet Underground - 14.05 Simon & Garfunkel - 14.03 Pink Floyd - 13.96 Ben Harper - 13.94 Aphex Twin - 13.93 Grateful Dead - 13.85 James Taylor - 13.81 The Very Hush Hush - 13.73 Phish - 13.71 The National - 13.57 Paul Simon - 13.53 Sufjan Stevens - 13.41 Tom Waits - 13.33 Elvis Presley - 13.21 Elliott Smith - 13.06 Celine Dion - 12.97 John Lennon - 12.92 Bright Eyes - 12.92 The Smashing Pumpkins - 12.83 Fleetwood Mac - 12.82 Tool - 12.62 Frank Sinatra - 12.59 A Tribe Called Quest - 12.52 Phil Collins - 12.27 10,000 Maniacs - 12.04 The Police - 12.02 Bob Dylan - 12.00
( note that I ’m not including classical artists that tend to dominate the quiet side of the spectrum )
Again , there are caveats with this analysis .
Many of the recordings analyzed may be remastered versions that have have had their loudness changed from the original .
A proper analysis would be to repeat using recordings where the provenance is well known .
There ’s an excellent graphic in the wikipedia that shows the effect that remastering has had on 4 releases of a Beatles track .
Loudness as a function of Year
Here ’s a plot of the loudness as a function of the year of release of a recording ( the provenance caveat applies here too ) .
This shows how loudness has increased over the last 40 years
I suspect that re-releases and re-masterings are affecting the Loudness averages for years before 1995 .
Another experiment is needed to sort that all out .
Loudness Histogram :
This table shows the histogram of Loudness :
Average Loudness per genre
This table shows the average loudness as a function of genre .
No surprise here , Hip Hop and Rock is loud , while Children ’s and Classical is soft :
Genre dB Hip Hop - 8.38 Rock - 8.50 Latin - 9.08 Electronic - 9.33 Pop - 9.60 Reggae - 9.64 Funk / Soul - 9.83 Blues - 9.86 Jazz - 11.20 Folk , World , & Country - 11.32 Stage & Screen - 14.29 Classical - 16.63 Children ’s - 17.03
So , why do we care ?
Why should n’t our music be at maximum loudness ?
This Youtube video makes it clear :
Luckily , there are enough people that care about this to affect some change .
The organization Turn Me Up ! is devoted to bringing dynamic range back to music .
Turn Me Up ! is a non-profit music industry organization working together with a group of highly respected artists and recording professionals to give artists back the choice to release more dynamic records .
If I had a choice between a loud album and a dynamic one , I ’d certainly go for the dynamic one .
Update :
Andy exhorts me to make code samples available – which , of course , is a no - brainer – so here ya go : volume .
py
David Beckham today claimed playing for Milan has sharpened up his game and helped prolong his international career .
The midfielder , who is on loan from La Galaxy at San Siro , will pass Bobby Moore 's outfield England caps record if he makes his 109th appearance against Slovakia on Saturday , and Beckham said he had benefited from his Serie A experience .
" Obviously being there now gives me more of a chance to be at that higher level to play at international level , which is always important , " he said .
" It 's improved my fitness more than anything else .
When I first arrived in Dubai with Milan my body fat was 13.7 and now it 's 8.5 so I think it was more about the fitness side than anything else .
But I had to adjust my game to the Italian game as well .
I had to do that when I moved to Spain [ Real Madrid ] from Manchester United and I felt it was successful there and obviously in Milan I have enjoyed that part of it .
The discipline of defending is one of the biggest things I 've learnt since I 've been in Milan .
You have to have team discipline on the pitch . "
Beckham described playing for England as one of the " biggest highlights " of his career and says every cap from now on is a " bonus " .
The midfielder said he did not " look at records " but , speaking this afternoon , he made no secret of the satisfaction he gets from playing for England .
" I 've been to different clubs and countries and I 'm happy to have done that – it's an honour to play for the clubs and with some of the players – but this is one of biggest highlights of my career , to still be in this team on 108 caps is very special for me , " said Beckham .
" I think that every time that I meet up with the team it 's a bonus because being on probably 94 , 95 caps , I never expected to make 100 .
Making 100 , people expected me to retire then , so to be on 108 and hopefully get to 109 , I 'm happy with that . "
Beckham still has some way to go to surpass Peter Shilton 's 125 appearances .
" I am not looking at that record at all at the moment , " added the 33 - year - old .
" I take each game as it comes as I know how quickly it can change . "
After a beat down in an elevator , Joshua Daniel Ortiz ended up with his nose broken and facing a charge of battering a Fort Lauderdale police officer .
The 22 - year - old Sunrise man was surprised and delighted to learn Wednesday that Broward prosecutors were dropping the case against him after reviewing an elevator surveillance video showing three officers aggressively rush and beat Ortiz to the ground .
Once the Dec. 5 video surfaced , it altered the course of the case .
It contradicted police reports that Ortiz provoked and attacked Officers Derek Lade , Stefan Silver and Steve Smith .
" They were just sitting there watching my life go down the drain with those charges , " Ortiz said Wednesday .
" I 've been going crazy thinking my life is over .
It 's barely started and it's over .
" The looming legal charges delayed Ortiz 's enrollment in college classes , he said .
Police first charged Ortiz with felony battery on a law enforcement officer .
But after seeing the video obtained by Ortiz 's defense attorney , Stephen Melnick , prosecutors downgraded the charge to a misdemeanor resisting charge .
Upon further review , prosecutors dropped the case entirely .
" We thought based on the facts and the evidence , including the videotape , that there was no reasonable likelihood of conviction at trial , " said Lee Cohen , assistant state attorney in charge of misdemeanor cases .
Fort Lauderdale police internal affairs investigators reviewed the incident more than a month ago and found no violations of policy or procedures , said Sgt. Frank Sousa , the department 's spokesman .
" It was not a beating , " Sousa said .
" The video clearly shows that [ Ortiz ] made a movement toward the officer .
" The 4:10 a.m. incident unfolded in a bank lobby at 200 SW First Ave. as Ortiz , his girlfriend and friends piled into an elevator , heading to a parking garage after a night out .
Acquaintances of Ortiz 's started fighting in the lobby , he said , drawing police to the scene .
According to Lade 's police report , Ortiz yelled at the officers from the elevator when they tried to break up the disturbance .
Ortiz " walked right up to me hitting his nose to my nose , " Lade wrote , adding that he pushed Ortiz .
" As I approached Ortiz to take him into custody , Ortiz spun around to face me and assumed a fighting stance ( both left and right hand clenched into fists and body bladed ) , " he wrote .
Ortiz said he exchanged agitated words with the officers , but the rest is fiction .
" They were on a power trip , " Ortiz said .
" I do n't trust them anymore .
" Melnick said the officers embellished their reports to justify their aggression without knowing the videotape existed .
" I think the video speaks for itself , " he said .
( Source www.sun-sentinel.com/community/news/fort_lauderdale/sfl-bn-0
Dispensing With Some Myths About The Poor Poor Songwriters Decimated By Piracy
from the cry - me - a - river - of - song ... dept
Copyright 2006 - 2008 , Christian L. Castle .
All rights reserved .
NOT subject to Creative Commons deed , license , or whatever it 's called this week by the self - serving shilling for the self - absorbed on the short con .
People who just write songs do n't sell t- shirts , do n't play shows , do n't have all the other income streams available to them that the EFFluviati point to as subsititute revenues for the cruel theft of labor value by companies like Kazaa , Morpheus , Limewire and the Pirate Bay .
Lock yourself in a room for an hour with a continuous playback loop of " Chocolate Rain " .
Then try it with Gershwin , Cole Porter , Lennon - McCartney , Diane Warren , Carol King .
See which you like better .
There are multiple causes for this situation but most of the damage was wrought by two specific problems .
The first being that the internet has turned into a Cyber - Somalia .
Professional songwriters used to live on advances from their music publisher .
These advances were to be recouped from record sales only ( " mechanicals " is the industry term for these revenues ) .
Music piracy killed record sales so that made it impossible for music publishers to recoup the advances they paid songwriters so they stopped signing writers and let go of the ones they had when their contracts ran out .
The mission statement of the SGA is two words " Protect Songwriters " .
That lack of specificity has forced me to show up in all kinds of places I never thought I would be !
I was the lead witness in the latest Copyright Rate Board hearing .
I have testified on behalf of songwriters in both the Senate and the House of Representatives on many issues concerning song writers rights , and I have spent the last ten years flying all over the country talking to people about the harm that is being done to American music by the widespread theft of songs on the internet by a mob of anonymous looters .
" At least the [ Congressional ]
Members I have talked to understand that the Constitution includes provisions for royalties for creators because without them the quality of life suffers . "
The most infuriating thing about being lectured to by anti-copyright groups about how songwriters need to get a new ' business plan ' is who gave them the right to tell us how to make a living ?
Who are they to say we should n't fight to defend our rights ?
In truth , I find their suggestions are unbelievably arrogant and self - serving .
Thank you for reading this Techdirt post .
With so many things competing for everyone ’s attention these days , we really appreciate you giving us your time .
We work hard every day to put quality content out there for our community .
Techdirt is one of the few remaining truly independent media outlets .
We do not have a giant corporation behind us , and we rely heavily on our community to support us , in an age when advertisers are increasingly uninterested in sponsoring small , independent sites — especially a site like ours that is unwilling to pull punches in its reporting and analysis .
While other websites have resorted to paywalls , registration requirements , and increasingly annoying / intrusive advertising , we have always kept Techdirt open and available to anyone .
But in order to continue doing so , we need your support .
We offer a variety of ways for our readers to support us , from direct donations to special subscriptions and cool merchandise — and every little bit helps .
Thank you .
– The Techdirt Team
Entertainment industry lawyer ( and big time copyright supporter ) Ben Sheffner has a blog post pointing us to a rather amusing " interview " between two other copyright maximalists : Chris Castle , another music industry lawyer , and Rick Carnes , the head of the Songwriters Guild of America .
Sheffner , amusingly , absolutelyto nitpick any news article or blog post from those who believe that copyright law is too strict -- ridiculing minor misstatements or weaving in questionable legal theories to mock those who question the abuse of copyright .
Yet , in writing about this interview between two people who share his worldview , apparently all skepticism or critical thinking goes right out the window .
So , I guess we 'll have to do it for him .
Now , I almost hesitated , because Castle has this friendly and inviting header to his blog :
Yes , you see that anyone who recognizes how to benefit from the sharing and promotion of content is apparently a " self - serving shill for the self - absorbed " as opposed to someone with some basic knowledge about the economics of information and how to craft successful business models around it .
Clearly , Mr. Castle would prefer that no one ever bother to help promote his blog , and I 'm tempted to oblige and ignore him -- but there are some important points in his post that need to be discussed .
And , despite his slightly threatening header , I 'm going to bet that fair use covers the following clips for the purpose of commentary .
If he disagrees , we can discuss it and , who knows , maybe this post will disappear ( save it now ! ) .
Oh , and by the way , Mr. Castle , it 's 2009 now .
You might want to update the date on your notice ( which , as a lawyer , I 'm sure you know -- you do n't actually need to retain your copyright ) .
So , off we go .
He starts off ever so nicely , tearing down all " Internet analysts , self - appointed futurists as well as self - annointed consumer advocates , " claiming they all " misunderstand the role of songwriters and the negative effects that rampant piracy has had on them . "
Way to totally demonize and pigeonhole anyone who speaks up with alternative business models .
But clearly , Castle ( and Carnes later ) are not interested in alternative business models .
They really , really like the way the world used to be , and they 're going to keep on wishing that it could go back to that .
Then there 's this : I like the " EFFluviati " coinage .
So eloquent .
But , of course , he uses it to brush off what he has n't bothered to understand ( amusingly , right after insisting that it was everyone else who does n't understand ) .
This is , unfortunately , all too common among some ( though , I would say definitely not all ) of the copyright system defenders .
Rather than understanding the basic economic principles at play , and using those to understand how to craft new business models , they simply look at one or two business models being used by some ( t - shirts ! concerts ! ) and insist that 's really all there is .
It amuses me that folks who apparently claim to represent the " creative " industries are so uncreative themselves .
It also amuses me that they insist that no one outside of the music industry can comment on music business models , but they have no problem commenting on economics without any experience in that subject .
If they bothered to take the time to actually understand the economics at play , they would recognize that there are always scarcities to be leveraged , and business models can be crafted around those scarcities .
With song writers , of course , there 's the scarcity of their time and their skill -- all of which can be monetized with smart business models .
It 's not that difficult to figure out how this works , if you look at a few other industries that employ " writers " and realize that songwriting can be compensated in much the same way .
Carnes and Castle jointly bemoan the fact that there are fewer professional songwriters these days , and it 's just not like the old days anymore .
They also take time to trash " amateur " songwriters as being not worth a dime .
It 's as if someone let Andrew Keen into the conversation .
Carnes and Castle conveniently ignore that more music than ever before is being made today -- and , yes , a large percentage of that music is terrible , but there 's a ton of excellent music mixed in .
The real trick is just getting better filters .
But , of course , rather than do that , Castle puts up this bogus experiment :
Right , pick a dreadful amateur song , and then pick wonderful ( but all very old ) professional musicians .
Of course , Castle does n't bother to note the obvious .
I could pick some current indie songwriters , and suggest you spend an hour listening to ... say ...
Corey Smith or Jonathan Coulton or occasional Techdirt author Blaise Alleyne or Techdirt reader and free culture success story Adam Singer or ( my personal favorite ) Vic Ruggiero start with this song ) or some other top indie songwriters ... and then try it with NSync or New Kids On The Block or any other teenie bopper sensation from the past twenty years -- all using " professional " songwriters -- and see which you like better .
See ?
The " point " is no point at all .
Then Carnes jumps in to blame all the troubles of songwriters on their unwillingness to recognize the way technology had changed the market , ignoring all sorts of new opportunities to make money ... oh wait , no .
He blames everything on those darn pirates , and the fact that things just " are n't the way they used to be . "
Yeah , and we all used to walk uphill both ways 10 miles there and back to school in the snow :
In other words , the market changed , and Carnes is screaming about how the world needs to stop and go back to the way it was .
I guess Carnes wishes that we went back to an age when you picked up the telephone and had to speak to an operator .
Eventually , phone technology reached a point where we could all make those connections ourselves , putting lots of phone operators out of work -- thanks to those darn " calling pirates " ( but also enabling a communications and technology revolution ) .
Oh wait , what am I talking about ... the phone put all those old telegraph operators out of work , so it was probably evil too .
By the way , if you want a shorthand way to know of any business or industry that 's in serious trouble , it 's when you ask them what their main purpose or mission is , and they talk about " protecting " anything , rather than adding value and expanding the market .
So , Carnes , what 's your number one job at SGA ?
Maybe , rather than than focusing on " protecting " them , you might want to look atthem to adapt and capture some of the massive new opportunities out there .
Then there 's this rather interesting interpretation of the Constitutional clause that resulted in copyright ( you know , the one that 's " to promote the progress " ) .
According to Carnes , it 's not about promoting the progress , but about raising the standard of living of songwriters : Interesting .
Makes you wonder why Congress did n't mandate full protection for telegraph and phone operators when technologies changed how those professions worked as well .
After all , I 'm sure -- temporarily -- those workers saw their quality of life decline .
But , of course , we all know that eventually , their quality of life improved greatly , thanks to all of the wonderful things enabled by those new technologies .
Then Carnes goes on to rip on basically everyone else for causing problems for songwriters -- never once recognizing that maybe the problem is that the rest of the world has moved on , while he and his group have n't even tried .
He blames the record labels ( well , we agree on that one ) , every internet service out there ( not kidding : " I am not a fan of any particular online company since I have had to spend the last three years of my life fighting them .... " ) , and , of course , Google : " I am not a fan of Google because I believe their search algorithm reduces all art to the lowest common denominator .
That 's a real culture - killer if I ever saw one .
" Yup , hand this man one of the greatest tools for promoting , discovering and distributing new music for songwriters , and he hates it .
It 's a " culture - killer . "
Actually , what he really means is that it's a killer of legacy structures , and apparently he'd rather not recognize what it enables , but will complain about what it 's taken away .
Carnes goes on to complain ( again ) about certain business models that do n't work for songwriters ( concerts , t- shirts ) , again apparently not creative enough to recognize the scarcities offered by songwriters , and then comes my favorite part :
This is a common complaint that we hear , and I 'd like to address it head on , because it 's 100 % strawman , and it needs to be debunked and discarded .
No one is telling them they " need " to get a new business plan .
All we 're doing is ( a ) explaining the changes in the economic and technological landscape and ( b ) explaining how that opens up new possibilities and ( c ) noting that if they choose ( and it 's their choice ) not to adjust , they 're going to be in trouble .
The problem is that part ( c ) is happening , and rather than recognizing part ( a ) and ( b ) they 're lashing out at those of us who tried to show them that there is a better way .
If it 's self - serving to show songwriters and musicians better ways to make a living and warning them that fundamental changes in the marketplace mean the old way can't survive , then so be it .
But it 's not , as Carnes and others ( including Sheffner ) seem to believe , an attempt to harm musicians .
Songwriters don' tto change at all , but then they 'll go out of business .
The problem is that Carnes wants to blame everyone else -- including those who tried to suggest a better way .
No good deed goes unpunished , of course .
I 'm sure buggy whip makers were upset , as well , when people suggested they needed a new business model , but how many of us are really that upset about the diminished buggy whip industry these days ?
Both Castle and Carnes take separate turns to suggest that anyone who 's never put out a song should n't be allowed to comment on the matter at all -- which I 'd argue could ( again ) easily be flipped around .
Those who have never bothered to understand basic economics should n't be allowed to comment on business models either .
Musicians are free to talk about music -- and I 'd never try talking about what makes a great song , since that 's not my area of expertise -- but it 's somewhat ridiculous to claim that only musicians understand the economics that impact music creation .
Besides -- as we 've seen from our own Blaise Alleyne and Adam Singer -- there are plenty of real musicians who do , in fact , recognize the power of these issues .
And , finally , Carnes ' big finale is quoting a totally unnamed " real economist " who claimed that " nothing competes with free . "
I could come up with a pretty long list of of examples showing musicians and songwriters who have , in point of fact , successfully competed with free and earned millions doing so .
But , why let reality seep into a discussion when some unnamed " real economist " says it 's impossible .
But , if Carnes and Castle apparently only take lessons from real economists , rather than reality ( which , of course , goes against what they said earlier in their discussion ) , I 'd be more than willing to point them to various real economists who have shown how to compete with free -- including our most recent Nobel Prize winner So , of course , now that we have both real world examples " real economists " showing how it works , I 'm sure Carnes and Castle will admit that perhaps they were a little closed - minded ?
Or ... maybe not .
Cognitive dissonance will probably seep in and we 'll hear about how economists do n't know anything , but only real songwriters can comment on it .
Well , okay , let 's go back and look at the songwriters who , rather than whining and complaining about times gone by , actually bothered to understand basic economics andabout it .
How about Corey Smith , who not only figured out how to " compete with free " but figured out how to use free to make $ 4.2 million last year
And then there 's Trent Reznor .
He figured out how to make $ 1.6 million in a single week for music he gave away under that " self - serving shilling for the self - absorbed on the short con " of a Creative Commons license .
And , you know what ?
It did n't even involve t- shirts or concerts .
But , you know , according to Carnes , Castle and Sheffner , that 's impossible .
And , we 're all thieves or something .
Now , Reznor and Smith are both performers as well as songwriters , but both employ a number of folks to help them do what they do ( managers , tech guys , other musicians , etc. ) .
If you 're bringing in that much money " competing with free " I 'd imagine spending some of it on songwriting help ( for those who need it , of course ) is n't that big a stretch , is it ?
Reality 's a bitch , sometimes , ai n't it ?
Filed Under : ben sheffner , business models , chris castle , copyright , rick carnes , songwriters
Trauerfeier Opferfamilien aus Winnenden verlangen Killerspiel - Verbot
Winnenden trägt Trauer : An diesem Samstag gedenkt der Ort der Opfer des Amoklaufs , Tausende Teilnehmer werden erwartet .
Die betroffenen Familien wenden sich in einem offenen Brief an Bundespräsident Köhler und Kanzlerin Merkel - und fordern Konsequenzen aus der Bluttat mit insgesamt 16 Toten .
It makes sense to listen to gossip in order to keep track of what folks are up to .
But it seems the main reason we listen to gossip is to prepare to speak gossip , in jockeying for status :
We have consistently found that people are most interested in gossip about individuals of the same sex as themselves who happen to be around their own age .
We have also found that information that is socially useful is always of greatest interest to us : we like to know about the scandals and misfortunes of our rivals and of high - status people because this information might be valuable in social competition .
Positive information about such people tends to be uninteresting to us .
Finding out that someone already higher in status than ourselves has just acquired something that puts that person even further ahead of us does not supply us with ammunition that we can use to gain ground on him .
Conversely , positive information about our friends and relatives is very interesting and likely to be used to our advantage whenever possible .
For example , in studies that my colleagues and I published in 2002 and in 2007 in the Journal of Applied Social Psychology , we consistently found that college students were not much interested in hearing about academic awards or a large inheritance if it involved one of their professors and that they were also not very interested in passing that news along to others .
Yet the same information about their friends or romantic partners was rated as being quite interesting and likely to be spread around .
Channel 5 reports on this video ( more discussion here ) , apparently from a surveillance camera at the Allston Blanchard 's ( not affiliated with the JP or West Roxbury Blanchards ) .
The dog is in a cage partially visible to the left of the cash register :
( CNN ) -- Scientists expect some great travel spots to be altered or ruined by global climate change .
Glaciers in the European Alps may melt as soon as 2050 , some scientists say .
Some of the changes are already taking place .
Others are expected to be seen in coming decades .
There are two ways to look at this :
Either stay home ( which might be less depressing and wo n't add more airline emissions ) or get a move on it and see the hot spots you just can't miss .
For those who want to head out , CNN got advice on the best pre-warming travel destinations from Bob Henson , author of " The Rough Guide to Climate Change " and a writer at the University Corporation for Atmospheric Research in Boulder , Colorado .
Here are Henson 's top five choices :
Great Barrier Reef , Australia
Warming temperatures can spell disaster for coral reefs , which depend on a delicate balance of ocean temperature and chemistry to bloom into colorful displays .
Many of the world 's reefs already are experiencing " bleaching " in which algae living in the coral die and leave behind whitened skeletons .
The Great Barrier Reef -- which is composed of about 2,900 individual reefs and is off the northeast coast of Australia -- is seeing limited bleaching now , and the Great Barrier Reef Marine Park Authority expects the problem to grow in coming decades .
Henson said the reefs ' colorful displays are not to be missed .
" It 's a feast for the eyes in terms of color , texture variations -- it 's just amazing to see , " he said .
" It 's wonderful to be enveloped in the warm water and look down just a few feet below at this amazing spread of ocean life . "
Boats of people with snorkels typically launch into the reefs from Cairns , Queensland .
If you go , tread lightly , Henson said .
Visitors can damage the reefs if they get too close .
New Orleans , Louisiana
How much sea levels will rise as the world warms is one of the trickiest parts of the climate change equation .
If huge hunks of ice -- such as parts of Greenland and the western shelf of Antarctica -- melt , then the rise is expected to be more dramatic .
" Nobody knows whether they 're going to completely melt or not , but we do know it 's not going to happen in the next 10 years , " Henson said .
But for cities near the coast such as New Orleans , which already sits below sea level , rising waters could spell trouble for tourists and residents alike , even in the relative near term .
" In the next several hundred years , life there may be difficult , and the cities may become impractical unless we can build large structures to keep the waters at bay , " he said .
Henson does n't expect New Orleans to be underwater anytime soon .
But travel to the Louisiana city may become more difficult in the future , he said .
Scientists expect floods to become more frequent .
" It 's sobering to be in New Orleans and look up at the levees that sit above you and keep out the Mississippi River , " he said .
" You 're standing below the level of the river , looking up . "
Rocky Mountain National Park , Estes Park , Colorado
Herds of tiny pine beetles are munching away at Colorado 's forests , turning the evergreens a sickly red and destroying large patches of trees .
Cold snaps -- which , in mountain terms , mean about five nights of minus - 30 temperatures -- usually kill off the native beetles .
But winters are warming , and Henson and others said they worry the beetles can't be stopped .
The beetle infestation " has reached epidemic proportions as a result of climate issues , " said Kyle Patterson , spokeswoman for the Rocky Mountain National Park .
The beetles are causing problems all over America 's mountainous west , but the issue is particularly visible at Patterson 's park , northwest of Denver .
Henson recommends visiting the park this decade to ensure you can still see the dense forests in decent shape .
Some of the reddened forests look beautiful in a strange way , Henson said , but visitors should note that the color is n't natural for pine trees .
" Come soon .
It 's happening quickly , " he said .
Visit in the summer or early fall and take a breathtaking drive to 12,183 feet , Patterson said .
Or , come in the winter and enjoy snowshoeing and nearby skiing .
Many of the park 's 355 miles of hiking trails are open year - round .
Alpine Glaciers , Switzerland
The European Alps sit at a lower altitude than the Rocky Mountains , and their glaciers and ski resorts are therefore more susceptible to melting , Henson said .
A climate expert in Austria recently told National Geographic that the Alps ' famed glaciers will disappear entirely between 2030 and 2050 .
A 2006 report had said they would melt by the end of the century .
Henson said he once took a train through the Alpine glaciers .
They 're worth seeing before they go -- whenever that happens , he said .
" They 're beautiful ; the light blue quality of the meltwater is really stunning , " he said .
Amazon rain forest , Brazil
Deforestation continues to be the major environmental issue in the Amazon , the world 's largest tropical rain forest .
But as locals and corporations chop down the Amazon 's rich forests to create farmland and to harvest biofuels , climate change may make things worse .
" The fear is that there will be kind of a feedback where trees are cut down , and it gets warmer and drier " in the forest until it can't grow back , Henson said .
The best way to visit the forest is by boat , Henson said .
That way , you 'll leave less of a mark on the struggling ecosystem .
Of course , getting to a boat on the Amazon is not simple , and the long trip can create a lot of heat - trapping pollution .
Henson said the destination might be one of those better left alone by tourists .
All About Global Climate Change • Nature and the Environment • Great Barrier Reef
You can see the glorious ( and surprising ) Star Trek trailer if you check out the new James Bond flick this weekend .
Some people have already had this privilege , and they managed to upload the contents of their memories via a mobile device .
So now we have the trailer right here !
Cautious optimism .
It looks fresh and cool .
Apologies for the quality — it 's hard to translate brainwaves into video , but we managed to do it .
Thanks , zenseeker !
Advertisement
Republicans are replacing Palin as the headliner of their big spring fundraising dinner with Gingrich .
Guess who 's not coming for dinner
Sarah Palin continues to have a rocky post-election season in the nation ’s capital .
Congressional Republicans are replacing their party ’s former vice presidential nominee as the headliner of their big spring fundraising dinner with former House Speaker Newt Gingrich after the Alaska governor vacillated publicly about the appearance , sources familiar with the situation said Tuesday .
Advertisement
Gingrich , still popular with the conservative base , will be the keynote speaker for the annual Senate - House GOP dinner , which will be held on June 8 at the Washington Convention Center , hosted by National Republican Senatorial Committee Chairman John Cornyn ( R - Texas ) and National Republican Congressional Committee Chairman Pete Sessions ( R - Texas ) .
Palin ’s withdrawal is her latest public stumble since Election Day 2008 and the latest evidence of miscommunication between her Washington - based political action committee and her gubernatorial staff in Alaska .
The decision by national Republicans to pull the plug on Palin — a significant draw — also reflects the GOP establishment ’s growing unease with the Alaska governor .
“ The Governor never confirmed her attendance at the event .
She was honored to receive the invitation and asked to confirm her attendance at the end of the legislative session , ” said Meghan Stapleton , a spokeswoman for SarahPAC .
“ Governor Palin is thrilled to hear that Newt Gingrich will address the audience as the governor continues to focus on Alaska . ”
However , the fact that Palin was never completely confirmed as a speaker was precisely the problem , according to sources familiar with the deliberations about who would speak at the dinner .
Palin ’s office was not immediately available for comment on the decision by the two committees .
Palin was never completely confirmed as a speaker — which was precisely the problem , according to sources familiar with the deliberations about who would speak at the dinner
The NRSC and the NRCC were under the distinct impression that Palin would headline the annual fundraising dinner .
The committees went so far as to issue a joint press release trumpeting her appearance and national news outlets quickly noted her prime speaking engagement .
Palin ’s PAC indicated to the committees that she would attend .
But the governor ’s office later said that it had not put the event on the schedule .
Three people close to planning for the dinner said Palin ’s aides proceeded to hem and haw about the appearance , both publicly and privately , leading the committees to decide to replace her because they were nearing a deadline to send invitations and other fundraising materials to their donors .
“ After initially confirming her attendance , Governor Palin ’s team informed the committees that her gubernatorial responsibilities in Alaska prevented her from committing until the end of the legislative session , ” NRSC spokesman Brian Walsh said .
“ We completely understand and respect Governor Palin ’s focus on her official state business . ”
But the NRSC spokesman went out to point out that “ there is obviously an enormous amount of planning that goes into this annual event .
For that reason , we invited and are honored to have former Speaker Newt Gingrich join us as our speaker at the 2009 Senate - House Dinner . ”
The dinner dust - up continues a now - familiar storyline for Palin .
As POLITICO ’s Jonathan Martin and Andy Barr reported Sunday , a seemingly unending series of public relations gaffes has Palin loyalists frustrated and worried she is diminishing her stature .
And they are blaming an inner circle they say is composed of not - ready - for - primetime players .
Some of the previous incidents that have even pro-Palin Republicans fretting about the competence of the staff surrounding her :
* The infamous YouTube turkey video in November where , unbeknownst to Palin , live turkeys were slaughtered just behind her within the camera frame .
* A misfire involving the 2009 Conservative Political Action Conference in Washington .
There , Palin had been slated for months to appear only to back out shortly before the event , leaving bruised feelings among organizers who thought they had a firm commitment from Palin herself .
A spokeswoman for Palin ’s PAC contends the governor had never agreed to appear and that Palin ’s camp was surprised when CPAC announced the governor would be speaking at the event .
* An interview with conservative filmmaker John Ziegler , who included Palin in his film , “ Media Malpractice : How Obama Got Elected and Palin Was Targeted . ”
Comments by Palin about Caroline Kennedy and CBS News anchor Katie Couric contained in excerpts released by Ziegler generated tremendous controversy and prompted a Palin spokesman to blame Ziegler for blindsiding the governor .
But Ziegler told POLITICO that Palin had called him to express support in a nearly 30 - minute telephone call .
This article tagged under : 2010
Politics
Plenty of USB storage options are out there , but not all of them put creativity first .
The following examples combine functionality with form or an eraser for that matter , and do n’t necessarily look like your standard USB flash drive .
Continue reading to see more .
i Pod USB Drive
Available in 1GB or 2GB varieties , this iPod USB drive is priced from $ 40 and can double as a geeky necklace when not in use .
Thanks to flexible silicon , bending the drive into place wo n’t be an issue .
Eraser Drive
Why wait for manufacturers to release a USB eraser drive , when you could make your own ?
All you need is : one pink eraser , a USB stick drive , hobby knife , and 1 - 2 hours .
Once it wears down , just snag another eraser , gut it , and you ’ve got another .
R2 -D2 USB
Drive
At first glance , it may look like a normal figurine , but this LEGO R2 - D2 doubles as a functional 4GB USB flash drive .
It even comes with an integrated LED to indicate activity .
Product page .
Han Solo in Carbonite USB Drive
This ultra rare Han Solo in Carbonite USB drive was part of a Hasbro set that sold out in just 5 - days .
Most striking is the designer ’s attention to detail , which includes the action pose and a somewhat blank facial expression .
Steampunk USB Drive
Steampunk fans rejoice : this custom USB flash drive , made from brass and copper , is the perfect complement to your retro computer setup .
There ’s been a lot of noise about customization in the computer world , and this is definitely no slouch .
Spinacz Clothespin USB Drive
The practical “ Spinacz ” USB flash stick boasts a clothespin - inspired design that clips onto just about any shirt .
One caveat : it does n’t appear to sport a cap .
Pricing and availability have not yet been announced .
VICTORIA'S new police Chief Commissioner , Simon Overland , has warned of a crime rise due to the world economic downturn and flagged that street police may be given access to Taser stun guns .
Mr Overland , 46 , was yesterday named as Victoria 's 20th chief commissioner .
He has been given a five - year contract .
Stripes well - earned : Premier John Brumby and Emergency Services Minister Bob Cameron appoint Simon Overland the new Chief Commissioner of Victoria Police .
Credit : Michael Clayton - Jones
He said that while he believed in the policies of his predecessor , Christine Nixon , " I will be my own person . "
In a wide - ranging interview with The Age he :
Sculptor Kenji Yanobe 's Giant Torayan robot , a 7.2 - meter ( 24 - ft ) tall mechanical baby that sings , dances and spits fire , was sighted in Tokyo's Roppongi district last night .
The fire - breathing robot spent the night on center stage at " Roppongi Art Night , " an all - night event featuring installations and performances by dozens of artists at various venues in the area .
[ +]
[ +]
[+ ] // [+]
[ +]
[ +]
One man in the classroom earned more than $ 100,000 framing tract homes during the building heyday .
Another installed pools and piloted a backhoe .
Behind him sat a young father who made a good living swinging a hammer in southern Utah .
But that was before construction jobs vanished like a fast - moving dust storm in this blustery high desert .
Hard times have brought them to a classroom in rural Kern County to learn a different trade .
Tonight ’s lesson : how to avoid death and dismemberment .
This is Wind Technology Boot Camp at Cerro Coso Community College , where eight weeks of study and $ 1,000 in tuition might lead to a job repairing mammoth wind turbines like the ones sprouting up across this region .
The work requires smarts and stamina .
It is potentially dangerous .
Candidates need good knees , a cool head -- and a stomach for heights .
Advertisement
“ I ’ve seen guys just freeze halfway up the tower , ” said instructor Merritt Mays , a baby - faced former Marine , who at 29 is already a grizzled veteran in this young industry .
For those who can hack it , starting pay ranges from $ 15 to $ 20 an hour .
Crack technicians can make six figures a year .
Wind farms are hiring and probably will be for years to come .
That ’s luring hard hats like 49 - year - old Chuck Patterson back to school , despite the inherent risks of working 300 feet in the air .
“ This is where the money ’s going to be , ” said the Ridgecrest , Calif. , contractor , who likes the idea of a steady paycheck after years of construction boom and bust .
As in previous recessions , this economic downturn is boosting enrollment at community colleges and vocational schools .
Classrooms are swelling with workers from hard - hit industries who are looking to change careers .
Advertisement
Educators say the difference this time is the surging interest in so - called green - collar jobs .
President Obama wants to create 5 million of them over the next decade .
What is n’t clear is how the U.S. is going to prepare this workforce .
Technical education for renewable - energy workers is scarce , particularly for the fast - growing wind industry .
Only a handful of wind programs operate in community colleges .
Cerro Coso filled the 15 slots in its boot camp within hours .
The next course is already full .
The U.S. last year surpassed Germany as the world ’s No. 1 wind - powered nation , with more than 25,000 megawatts in place .
Wind could supply 20 % of America ’s electricity needs by 2030 , up from less than 1 % now , according to a recent Energy Department report .
California is the No. 3 wind state , behind Texas and Iowa .
A slew of developments are in the pipeline , including in Kern County , where hundreds of turbines already dot the wind - swept ridges of the Tehachapi mountain range .
Advertisement
“ This is going to be ground zero for alternative energy ” in California , said Jim Fay , vice president of academic affairs at Cerro Coso Community College , which has five campuses in Kern County .
“ We have to prepare our students . ”
The economic crisis has dampened growth in the renewable sector .
But the U.S. wind industry is clamoring for skilled technicians to maintain the 30,000 wind turbines already in the ground .
The best workers combine the knowledge of a top - flight mechanic with the endurance of an alpine mountaineer .
“ It ’s like [ working on ] a school bus on top of a really long pole , ” said Bob Ward , a marketing manager for sensing and inspection technologies for General Electric Co. , one of the world ’s top turbine makers .
“ It ’s complex .
This is n’t some Jiffy Lube job . ”
A typical 1.5 - megawatt GE unit costs $ 2.5 million installed .
It sits about 30 stories above the ground at the hub , where its three 100 - foot - long blades connect to the tower .
Advertisement
Just behind the hub is the housing for the gearbox , drive train and other components .
Think of this as the wind technician ’s office .
Except there ’s no elevator .
Reaching it means climbing rung by rung on a narrow steel ladder attached to the inside of the tower .
An agile worker can do it in less than 10 minutes , several times a day .
“ You earn every dollar you make in this industry .
It ’s plain hard work , ” said Dan Templeton , program chairman for wind energy at Texas State Technical College West Texas .
Advice to hopefuls : Quit smoking .
Lose that gut .
And do n’t try this with a hangover .
Technicians must be hyper - vigilant in an occupation that combines dizzying heights , tight spaces , high - voltage electricity and spinning metal .
Advertisement
Fatalities are rare but unspeakably gruesome .
Workers have plunged to their deaths , been electrocuted and been ground to a pulp by rotating machinery .
Teaching students to respect these beasts is the job of wind instructors such as Mays , who grew up on a ranch in nearby Tehachapi .
His employer , Airstreams , is a private wind - training firm working with Cerro Coso to put on the eight - week boot camp .
On a recent evening , Mays lectured students on the importance of daily inspection of the safety harness , the lifeline that every wind technician straps on before climbing .
Advertisement
“ This is what ’s going to save your life , so you ’d better be sure it ’s working , ” Mays said .
“ I do n’t want to be the one to have to look your wife in the eye and tell her that you ’re gone . ”
The potential danger does n’t appear to faze 18 - year - old Shelby Young of California City , a dirt - bike rider and the only woman in the class .
“ I like the adrenaline rush , ” she said .
Josh Gates ’ biggest worry is supporting his family .
The unemployed builder , 27 , left his pregnant wife and young son in Greenville , Utah , to attend the class .
He bunks in a friend ’s motor home , making the long drive home every few weeks .
Advertisement
“ It ’s going to pay off in the end , ” he said .
The near certainty of landing a job that pays well has students scampering for available training spots .
Mesalands Community College in Tucumcari , N.M. , launched its wind program last fall with 32 students .
GE offered to hire every qualified graduate for three years , leading to a nationally televised news story .
The school has since been flooded with hundreds of inquiries from across the country , spokesman John Yearout said .
He ’s scrambling to find another instructor .
It ’s much the same at Iowa Lakes Community College , where wind students have “ two to three job offers each ” by the time they complete the two - year program , spokeswoman Angie DeJong said .
Advertisement
The school will admit 102 students this fall , up from the 72 it had planned to take , because of surging demand , she said .
Inquiries come in daily from the jobless .
On a recent morning it was an unemployed Nebraska engineer , then a Michigan autoworker .
“ We ’re seeing a lot of nontraditional students with families who have gotten laid off , ” she said .
California ’s community colleges are trying to get wind technicians into the workforce faster with the accelerated boot camp system .
Cerro Coso and Shasta College in Redding are the first institutions out of the gate .
More are on the way .
The goal is to have 50 schools around the state offering wind training within a few years , said Peter Davis , director of the community college system ’s Advanced Transportation Technologies and Energy initiative .
Advertisement
That could prove a tall order considering California ’s budget woes .
Students are jumping at the few seats available now .
Laid - off house framer Shane Culleton of Rosamond , Calif. , borrowed $ 1,000 from his mother - in - law to enroll in the Cerro Coso boot camp .
The 29 - year - old father of three is so confident that he ’ll find a job that he vowed to sell his beloved motorcycle if he fails .
“ It ’s going to be a while before construction comes back , ” he said .
“ I ’ve got to do something . ”
--
Advertisement
marla.dickerson@latimes.com
All homosexuals should be stoned to death , says Muslim preacher of hate
All homosexuals should face stoning to death , a Muslim preacher of hate declared yesterday .
Anjem Choudary , the firebrand cleric who wants to see Britain ruled by Sharia law , said such a regime was the only way to fix the country 's ills .
Under it , adulterers and homosexuals would be killed by stoning .
Asked if that would include anybody - even a Cabinet minister such as Business Secretary Lord Mandelson - Choudary responded with an astonishing diatribe .
Hate , hate and more hate : Anjem Choudary ( centre ) , flanked by two cohorts , prepares to give a press conference on Friday in which he says homosexuals should be stoned to death
He said : ' If a man likes another man , it can happen , but if you go on to fulfil your desire , if it is proved , then there is a punishment to follow .
You do n't stone to death unless there are four eyewitnesses .
It is a very stringent procedure .
' There are some people who are attracted to donkeys but that does not mean it is right . '
Choudary was speaking at a press conference in London arranged by Muslim extremists to justify their protest in Luton last week against soldiers returning home from Iraq .
His incendiary remarks immediately prompted calls for him to be investigated by police .
Tory MP Patrick Mercer said : ' These statements show the depravity of this man 's beliefs .
They must incite hatred and encourage terrorism , and I would encourage the Metropolitan Police to investigate them as rigorously as possible . '
The Rev Sharon Ferguson , chief executive of the Lesbian and Gay Christian Movement , said : ' This is appalling .
The police should look very closely at what has been said to see if there is any action they should be taking . '
Contempt : Muslim protesters hurl insults at the homecoming parade of British soldiers in Luton
Police were not at the press conference but a Scotland Yard spokesman said officers would investigate if a complaint was made .
Only last week , Choudary , a self - styled ' judge of the Sharia Court of the UK ' , was defending the shameful protests against soldiers parading through Luton after a tour of duty in Iraq .
Yet a week ago , the Daily Mail exposed fundamentalist Choudary 's student days when he was pictured swigging beer , cavorting with women and puffing on a cannabis joint - offences for which he would be lashed and stoned under his version of Sharia law .
Yesterday he sheepishly confessed :
' Yes , I was not always practising Islam .
Certainly in my student days I was not a practising Muslim . '
Wake - up call : Omar Bakri has warned of another 7/7 - style attack
Yesterday Choudary , 42 , was flanked by two fellow firebrands at the press conference at the Express by Holiday Inn Hotel in Chingford , East London .
It started with warning from fellow hate cleric Omar Bakri , who warned that Britons should ' wake up before it is too late ' or suffer another 7/7 terror attack .
The preacher threatened that ordinary Muslims living here would rise up and retaliate for the ' evil ' acts of British soldiers in Iraq and Afghanistan .
Bakri , banned from Britain four years ago , broadcast his threats from his Lebanon bolthole over a speakerphone .
In London , sitting alongside Choudary was Ishtiaq Alamgir , another ringleader of the Luton protests , who accused British soldiers of torture , rape and murder .
He said : ' Those British soldiers have blood on their hands . '
A third firebrand , Abu Abdullah , 30 , branded the British Government ' tyrannical ' and warned : ' Do not relax , do not recline , or you will be touched by the fire of hell . '
Reading the New Government in Jerusalem Is Israel on Path to Isolation ?
Benjamin Netanyahu , Israel 's prime minister - designate , clearly hoped to win international favor by signing up his Labor Party rivals to share power in a new government .
But the coalition contract fails to mention a two - state solution -- which could isolate Israel on the world stage .
The era of Saturday Morning Cartoon is sadly over .
Back in the 1980s , we all sat in front of the tube watching cartoons while growing up , but today , most of those shows we ’ll never admit to having liked ( Gummi Bears , anyone ? ) .
But there are at least a few that we can still admit to having watched without sounding like we were dorks .
Granted these cartoons did n’t all play on Saturday Mornings , but they ’re still relics of a bygone era , that we do n’t want to let go of .
If you ’re too young to remember the 80s , you ’ll probably recognize many of these from recent movies .
10 ) Duck Tales
Huey , Dewey and Louie move in with Uncle Scrooge and outright hilarity ensues .
Favorite character : Launchpad McQuack , who crashed every plane he flew .
And let ’s not forget those crazy masked Beagle Boys , who always tried to steal from Scrooge ’s money pit .
9 ) Thundercats
Here we follow the adventures of the eponymous team of cat - like humanoid aliens from the planet of Thundera .
Thundercats , ho !
8 ) Voltron , Defender of the Universe
There were two variations of Voltron in the early seasons … the vehicle Voltron and the robotic lions .
Haggar the witch split it into five parts , each a large robotic lion .
One day Keith , a space explorer , found the parts and reassembled them .
With his friends , Voltron was revived to protect the planet Arus once again from evil forces .
7 ) Fat Albert and the Cosby Kids
Out of all these cartoons , perhaps the only one that taught us any moral values .
Bill Cosby ’s creation ran for 12 years , far longer than most shows .
Who can forget the North Philly Junkyard Gang with Fat Albert , Mushmouth , Dumb Donald and Weird Harold ?
Hey hey hey !
6 ) Inspector Gadget
What people most remember about this show is the theme song , and of course , when he said “ Go go gadget ( fill in the blank ) ! ”
This clumsy , absent - minded and oblivious detective , along with his dog Brain , battles Dr Claw .
5 ) Real Ghostbusters
Based on the 1984 megablockbuster Ghostbusters , this series continues the adventures of paranormal investigators Dr. Peter Venkman , Dr. Egon Spengler , Winston Zeddemore , Dr. Ray Stantz , their secretary Janine and their mascot ghost Slimer .
All the kids in my neighborhood ran around wearing proton packs .
Did you know that Arsenio Hall did the voice of Winston ?
4 ) G.I. Joe : A Real American Hero
This show , which made kids want to join the army and fight Cobra , actually had two runs by different companies , after starting off as a mini-series .
Favorite character , Snake Eyes , the ninja .
Sgt. Slaughter of wrestling fame was a great addition to this cast of characters .
3 ) Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles
Four wise - cracking , pizza - obsessed superheroes named after Renaissance artists fight the forces of evil from their sewer hideout .
Who can forget Leonardo , Michelangelo , Donatello , Raphael , and their mutant rat leader Master Splinter ?
And , of course , the oh - so - hot April O’Neil .
2 ) He -Man and the Masters of the Universe
By the power of Grayskull , I have the power !
He -man and his band of merry men face off against Skelator .
The spin - off , She - Ra : Princess of Power , was good too only cause She - Ra was hot .
What ruined this show was the addition of Orko , that red alien character brought in for comic relief .
My favorite toy was Battle Cat .
1 ) Transformers
Generation 1 lasted from 1984 - 1987 , as the More than meets the eye guys feature the Autobots with Optimus Prime against the Decepticons with Megatron .
Anyone remember the GoBots ?
They actually came first , but when Transformers came around , GoBots got Betamaxed .
Honorable mentions : MASK , Dungeons and Dragons , Superfriends , Alvin and the Chipmunks , Hulk Hogan ’s Rock ‘ n ’ Wrestling , Heathcliff , Spiderman , The Incredible Hulk , Scooby Doo , Smurfs .
Notes about the list :
It ’s obviously for guys , so I left off Care Bears , Rainbow Brite and My Little Pony .
Considering there were literally hundreds of cartoons back in the 80s , this list was extremely difficult to make , and I had to leave off some of my favorites , like Muppet Babies , because the Gunaxin audience would never admit to watching that , even though you did , you pansies .
And yes , the Simpsons technically came out in the 80s , but it ’s quite clear the difference between that and the above cartoons .
Is OK I gots mah sno bootz on
Share Tweet Stumble Pin It Email
The Reykjavik based producer Adalsteinn Gudmundsson has been creating atmospheres through melody and sounds for more than a decade now .
A definitive member of the thule musik collective , he is also is known for his work as half of sanasol and also the famed plastic .
It ’s the Yagya records that succeed where others fail though , in twisting textures and folding them into each other with bewildering results .
Concentrating on atmospheres and moods his music reminds us a lot of Sigur Ros et al .
Emphasising the softer side of music and avoiding heavy rhythms , he finds harmony and beauty in the simple sounds of nature .
It ’s pretty ; it ’s sad , and great to unwind to .
Yagya – Atta
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan  Supplies intended for NATO forces in Afghanistan were suspended Tuesday after Taliban militants blew up a highway bridge in the Khyber Pass region , a lawless northwestern tribal area straddling the border with Afghanistan .
Hidayatullah Khan , a government official in the region , was quoted by Reuters as saying that the 30 - yard - long iron bridge was located 15 miles northwest of Peshawar , the capital of the restive North - West Frontier Province .
Pakistani officials said they were assessing the damage and teams had been sent to repair the bridge .
But it was not immediately clear how soon the trucks carrying crucial supplies for NATO forces would be able to travel through the Khyber Pass to Afghanistan .
Image Residents in the Khyber Pass region , a lawless northwestern tribal area straddling Pakistans border with Afghanistan , crossed a river after Taliban militants blew up a highway bridge on Tuesday .
Credit ... Mohammad Sajjad / Associated Press
More than 80 percent of the supplies for American and coalition forces in Afghanistan flow through Pakistan .
Attacks aimed at choking the supply lines have become increasingly frequent and brazen , despite the presence of Pakistani security forces in the area .
ISLAMABAD , Pakistan ( CNN ) --
Two suspects were arrested in connection with the bombing of a mosque that killed at least 51 people , Pakistani authorities said Saturday .
Friday 's blast brought the roof of the mosque down on worshippers attending prayers .
The two were arrested about 30 minutes after the Friday bombing after police spotted them fleeing the scene , said local official Rahat Gul .
The suspects were being questioned about the deadly blast that also wounded more than 100 people .
The blast occurred at Jamrod in northwest Pakistan , near the Afghanistan border .
This is the latest assault in a region populated by Islamic militants in Pakistani safe havens along the Afghan border , where NATO and the U.S. - led coalition have been battling Taliban and al Qaeda militants .
The bombed - out mosque had been frequented by Pakistani security officials who work at checkpoints along the route used by NATO to carry supplies from Pakistan into Afghanistan .
The strike came hours before President Barack Obama explained his new urgent strategy for fighting Islamic militants in Afghanistan and Pakistan -- the latest in a long line of attacks in the region that have been staged on days of political importance in the volatile Afghan and Pakistani region .
The two - story mosque had been packed with about 250 worshippers attending Friday prayers when the bomber , thought to be among the worshippers , detonated the explosive , authorities said .
The building collapsed as the explosion rippled through the structure , and rescue crews deployed to the scene were searching through the rubble for more victims .
All About Pakistan • Afghanistan • Al Qaeda • The Taliban
GameDaily has a tasty little quote here from Peter Dille , Sony 's VP of Marketing that has had some of the Destructoid staffers atwitter over this .
Well , we 're all laughing and wondering just what the hell people could be doing in Home for nearly an hour .
So , before we get into it , here 's Mr. Dille 's words :
We 've got 4 million users in PlayStation Home worldwide , and the average session in Home is about 55 minutes .
And I challenge you to compare that to the amount of time people spend on websites where you 're in and out very quickly .
To have someone spend 55 minutes , that 's more time than they spend watching and hour - long TV show where there 's 21 minutes of commercials .
It 's a very sticky environment and it's very engaging .
Wow , that 's impressive , Sony !
4 million users and 55 minutes each !
Except , that 's not what you really mean .
The four million users would include those who have gone ahead and tried out Home once , spending plenty of time trying to work the god-awful avatar creation system , and then attempt to jump off the balcony of their apartment , only to fail , and ultimately end up in a dance party at the central plaza .
Those 55 minutes are actually spent regularly by a much smaller user base , probably on the order of 400,000 users , if I had to throw out a number .
And that 's being generous .
So , the rest of the staff was discussing what you could do with those 55 minutes instead of hanging around in Home .
1 . Make a sandwich
Our robot - in - chief , Niero , admits to hanging around in Home for protracted periods of time .
But , he 's not interacting with anyone .
Instead , he 's forgotten about it , and just wandered off to the kitchen to make himself a sandwich .
So , take a note from our boss and give yourself something nutritious to eat .
It 'll be a hell of a lot better than the pocky you 've been munching on .
I suggest roast beef , lettuce , and ranch dressing on some toasted wheat bread .
2. Update your firmware
Our resident tipster Joe Burling wants to keep you using your PlayStation 3 , and so he suggests taking your time to go ahead and update the firmware .
At least for me , I 've constantly dealt with random download speeds , making the firmware updates take an entire hour before , from download to installation .
Think of it this way : you 'll save yourself some time before you 've got to update the firmware again next week !
3 . Do your homework
Many of you are still in college , and some of you are even in high school , so you may as well get some of those assignments out of the way .
It 'll leave you more time to do productive things , like actually interact with other people , or maybe even go to bed at a reasonable hour .
Hopefully I 'm not suggesting anything too scandalous .
4. Rearrange your spice rack
Retro man Dyson proffers this option , and it's a rather good one to take up .
Going through and rearranging your spice rack helps you remember just which spice you have .
If you can't remember , it means you 've been neglecting them , and not cooking all that much , and that 's just a shame .
Spend some time and make something interesting for dinner : I suggest pork chops with an orange sauce over them .
It 's simply divine .
5 . Take a nap
If you 're playing in the middle of the day , and are feeling horribly lethargic , a nice little nap allow you relax and rejuvenate yourself .
Once you wake up , you 'll be ready to face the rest of the day .
Aim for 45 minutes , because otherwise you 'll become lethargic .
6. Learn Spanish
If you 're sitting and playing with Home every single day , why not put that sort of regularity into something a bit more helpful to you in life .
Spanish is incredibly easy to learn , at least compared to Japanese or Chinese .
With any luck , you could easily pick up the language in several months .
7. Watch some TV
There 's plenty of programming that you can find to watch .
Perhaps watch an episode of the BBC comedy Beautiful People while you 're making a sandwich .
Or maybe sit back , relax , and pop some vicodin while watching House .
It 'll be a pleasant experience , I assure you .
8 . Bake some brownies
They 're delicious and all your friends will appreciate it .
Brownies are fairly easy to make , and in just a couple of tries you can perfect the recipe .
Once you 've succeeded at that , you can move on to other items like pancakes or muffins .
9 . Go read Tomopop and Japanator
Shameless plug .
Shameless plug .
Shameless plug .
Shameless plug .
10 .
Play some videogames
Samit suggests that you actually sit down and play some videogames .
Who the hell does that ?
What would you do with those 55 minutes ?
Click to open photo gallery :
Illustration by Belle Mellor
“ FACTORIES of death ” is how James Hansen , a crusading American scientist , describes power stations that burn coal .
Coal is the dirtiest of fossil fuels , producing twice the carbon dioxide that natural gas does when it is burned .
That makes it a big cause of global warming .
But some of the world 's biggest economies rely on coal .
It provides almost 50 % of America 's and Germany 's power , 70 % of India 's and 80 % of China's .
Digging up coal provides a livelihood for millions of people .
And secure domestic sources of energy are particularly prized at a time when prices are volatile and many of the big oil and gas exporters are becoming worryingly nationalistic .
It is hard to see how governments can turn their backs on such a cheap and reliable fuel .
There does , however , seem to be a way of reconciling coal and climate .
It is called carbon capture and storage ( CCS ) , or carbon sequestration , and entails hoovering up carbon dioxide from the smokestacks of power plants and other big industrial facilities and storing it safely underground , where it will have no effect on the atmosphere .
The technologies for this are already widely used in the oil and chemical industries , and saltwater aquifers and depleted oilfields offer plenty of promising storage space .
Politicians are pinning their hopes on clean coal : Angela Merkel and Barack Obama , among others , are keen on the idea .
But CCS is proving easier to talk up than to get going ( see article ) .
There are no big power plants using it , just a handful of small demonstration projects .
Utilities refuse to make bigger investments because power plants with CCS would be much more expensive to build and run than the ordinary sort .
They seem more inclined to invest in other low - carbon power sources , such as nuclear , solar and wind .
Inventors and venture capitalists , in the meantime , are striving to create all manner of new technologies — bugs for biofuels , revolutionary solar panels , smart - grid applications — but it is hard to find anyone working on CCS in their garage ( although some scientists are toying with pulling carbon dioxide directly out of the air instead of from smokestacks : see Technology Quarterly in this issue ) .
Several green pressure groups , and even some energy and power company bosses , think that the whole idea is unworkable .
With the private sector sitting on its hands , Western governments are lavishing subsidies on CCS .
Some $ 3.4 billion earmarked for CCS found its way into America 's stimulus bill .
The European Union , which already restricts greenhouse - gas emissions through a cap - and - trade scheme , unveiled further incentives for CCS last year .
Britain , Australia and others have also vowed to help fund demonstration plants partly because they reckon the private sector is put off by the huge price - tag on a single CCS power plant , and also in the belief that the cost of CCS will fall with experience .
Burning cash
The private sector , however , is reluctant to fork out not just because of the upfront cost of power plants , but also because , tonne for tonne , CCS looks like an expensive way of cutting carbon .
The cost of it may fall , but probably not by much , given the familiarity of the technologies it uses .
Politicians should indeed encourage investment in clean technologies , but direct subsidies are not the way to do it .
A carbon price or tax , which raises the cost of emitting carbon dioxide while leaving it up to the private sector to pick technologies , is the better approach .
CCS is not just a potential waste of money .
It might also create a false sense of security about climate change , while depriving potentially cheaper methods of cutting emissions of cash and attention — all for the sake of placating the coal lobby .
We ’ve come a long way since that ad above might have been acceptable .
If it , or anything similar to it , were reproduced today , well , it ’s pretty obvious that the backlash would be indescribable .
There was a time when women were n’t allowed to speak in public , vote , or to work where men worked .
Just this past election , a woman ran for the office of President .
Times have changed and women are slowly , but surely , being recognized as equal to men .
Or are they ?
Does sexism still exist when women can hold public office , lead companies as executives , fly into space , and serve as some of the most respected and iconic figures of our time ?
I was sparked to write this after reading a brief post on feminism from a site , appropriately enough , called Superfem .
( Since a particular post moved me to writing this , I might be referencing it a few times and offer my opinions and disagreements . )
The answer to the question about sexism is yes .
Yes , sexism still exists and it ’s much worse than we think .
Are Men and Women Equal ?
The first thing to consider is whether men and women are equal .
The simple answer is no , they are not .
Other than extreme circumstances , if you ca n’t tell the difference between a man and a woman at first glance , there is a problem .
Physically and biologically , men and women are very distinct and different .
The roles of a man in reproduction are very different than a woman’s .
Men are , on average , physically stronger than women .
Women , on average , have better linguistic skills than men .
Men might be better at having a sense of physical direction where women are better at remembering landmarks and points in space , on average .
The point is that there are clearly differences in men and women when grouped separately and talents and temperaments are pitted against each other and averaging them out .
The problem is that many feminists insist that there are absolutely no differences between males and females .
Those extremists are holding the feminist movement back and poisoning the basic and most fundamental ideas behind feminism – that women deserve equal social , intellecual , economic and political rights as men .
Nature vs. Nurture
Denying human nature does not help the feminist movement at all .
To say we are born equal , having a complete blank slate , hurts us more than it helps .
The notion that we are all born equal is enticing because it does n’t put anyone at an advantage .
Nurturists and feminists who deny human nature are fighting a cause that ca n’t be won because their foundation or basis is wrong .
By now , it should be known to most academics that heritable traits are no longer just limited to physical characteristics .
Behavior and intelligence is shaped by the environment , but it is equally molded by genetics .
A pre-school teacher , who spends time with society ’s least experienced humans , should know that not all the four - year - olds in his or her class are the same .
Some kids pick up math better than others , while some can build a popsicle - stick house more beautifully than the other children .
What does this have to do with gender equality ?
Just as there are differences between all children in physical and intellectual capacities , there are also differences between boys and girls when those same capacities are compared with each other on average .
This is clearly why there is such a disparity in so many professions .
The fields of technology , science , and engineering are dominated by men .
Why ?
Are women any less capable than men to excel in these fields ?
Clearly not .
The writer of the article who spurred this blog of mine is clearly enjoying a respectable position in technology and media .
Off the top of my head , there is also Marissa Mayer , Carol Bartz , Mary Lou Jepsen , Marie Curie , Barbara McClintock and so many others .
These women have all shown tremendous excellence in the fields of science , technology and business and have gained recognition for their accomplishments and contributions to society .
If women are just as capable as men , why is there such a disparity ?
People like to believe that little girls are raised on Barbie dolls and Easy - Bake Ovens , while boys play with toy soldiers , race cars , and little science kits .
( I had to mention the latter since it comprised most of my play - things as a child .
My parents refused to buy “ normal ” toys for me because I always took them apart – piece by piece . )
The popular belief is that boys and girls are raised to engage in gender - specific activities , hence the disparity in career choices and professions between men and women as they grow older .
Girls are encouraged to go into fields where women typically dominate and the same is done to boys .
There are even institutions like Women In Technology that encourage women to enter the field of technology and who help them with resources and information .
In the past , it was more difficult for women to enter fields dominated by men simply because there was a lack of resources such as WIT .
But even with the rise in women in technology , science and engineering , why the obvious disparity in the men to women ratio ?
I believe that some of those choices are innate and what attracts a boy or girl to certain things has more to do with biology than what their parents tell them .
I happened to raise a girl who , at the age of 10 months , had more of a fascination with shoes and purses than I thought possible at that age .
Nothing would pacify her crying fits except shoes !
After giving her all the food imaginable and toys that were within reach , it seemed hopeless .
I laid a blanket on the floor and put her on top of it while I searched for another toy to help stop the crying .
With my head buried in the closet , the crying stopped completely .
There was not even a whimper .
As I turned around I saw her fiddling with two pairs of shoes – one was sparkly and red and the other was adorned with plastic flowers .
She was completely engrossed with putting them on and taking them off .
Without fail , whenever she cried , I would put out a few sets of shoes for her to toy with and it would calm her down .
Of course , the story or anecdote mentioned is only one case and it could simply be that keeping her busy was more effective than holding onto a teddy bear .
I still have to wonder as this same girl , over the years , would often greet me at the door with , “ Daddy , look at my shoes ! ”
No hello , no “ I missed you , ” just the excitement of a proud owner of a new pair of shoes .
That same obsession is just as intense for her fascination with bags and purses , but I guarantee I did not raise her that way .
At first , I wanted a boy , so I bought boy - ish toys and tried to do “ boy things ” with her .
She has little to no interest in sports , doing our little science experiments , or anything remotely close to the wants and interests of the “ gross ” sex .
How can I blame her ?
She ’s a girl !
In an opposite example , there was a case of a little boy who wanted to do the opposite of what his parents gave him .
He only wanted to play with dolls and girls toys and he even wanted to wear dresses .
Where could a child of just a few years possibly learn such behavior ?
No matter what his parents tried to do , and regardless of their efforts to make him more like the other boys , he simply resisted and wanted to be just one of the girls .
( The case can be found in The Blank Slate , by Steven Pinker .
It ’s a great book on human nature and acknowledging the fact that we are not born completely blank and devoid of certain capacities and capabilities . )
While these are two small cases , it should reveal something about human nature and the role that it plays in the disparities in certain fields and professions .
There is no denying that sexism still exists , or that areas of interest dominated by men can be intimidating for women , but I highly doubt that it is the sole cause of the stark difference in the number of men and women in science and technology .
Battle of the Sexes
In the Superfem post , the author writes , “ It ’s my hope that the gender war will be won this way . ”
I have to disagree with this statement not because of what it intends to convey ( equality for women ) , but that feminism is framed as a gender war .
However , it has been almost like a war for women in their struggle for equality .
In many cases , women have suffered more than just harsh words or criticism from men , but calling it a war hurts a feminist ’s cause more than I think it helps .
The reason why the battle of the sexes is a failure is because these battles and competition for recognition will only take someone so far .
Treated individually , the women who are smarter and more capable than men will always stand out , be successful and will serve as martyrs for the feminist movement .
But what about the women who have n’t had the opportunity to shine because of suppression and repression ?
How does a gender war or battle of sexes help them ?
It does n’t .
Once feminism becomes a battle or war against men , the movement becomes more destructive than it is constructive .
Many would be surprised at the number of men who are willing to help the cause , rather than fight it .
One thing that becomes forgotten in the feminist movement is that there are many men who are feminists , too .
I happen to consider myself a feminist because I think that men and women should have equal rights .
Like myself , many men would be put to better use in becoming active in the advancement of women in society rather than furthering their suppression by turning this into a gender battle .
Feminism Is Not Limited to America
Without trivializing women and the feminist movement in Western Civiliation , feminism is about females across the world , not just in our country .
This is why I believe that sexism is far from over and that feminism and feminists have their work cut out .
Feminists have come such a long way in receiving equal rights , but what about the women with no rights ?
How do women in other countries feel when they need to wear a veil in public ?
How are young girls affected when they ’re told as children that their place in society is to the bidding of their husbands ?
Sometimes , I feel like the feminist movement is so limited to the West that it marginalizes women everywhere else , making the feminist movement more of a national one .
Feminism should transcend cultures and fight to gain respect in every society .
Feminist extremists , whose battle seems to be against men rather than for equal rights , are hypocrites in the sense that they could n’t care less for the advancement of women everywhere or the liberation of those who are still wrongfully suppressed by men .
As mentioned earlier , we ’ve come a long way when women can start running for President , but what about those risk being beaten or killed for simply speaking in public ?
They need feminists more than ever .
I know I ’m going to receive a lot of criticism for what I believe in and the things I write .
Feminism is a delicate subject and there is so much more to be said .
Of course , not everything can be covered in just a single blog post .
It was difficult enough doing this without an outline or being able to organize my thoughts .
Perhaps writing this in one sitting was not the best idea , but I believe I made a few solid points .
In some places , feminists have made strides toward success in that they are being treated more fairly and as equals to men , rather than their subordinates .
But in other places , the idea of feminism is blasphemy and women have a long way to go .
It ’s time to start helping those women instead of being fixated on a particular demographic .
Feminism is about all women , everywhere .
It 's becoming a trend .
Last week , Louisiana 's IberiaBank filed notice with the Treasury Department that it would be returning the government 's $ 90 million investment .
Today , Minnesota 's TCF Financial followed suit , announcing that it would be returning the government ’s $ 361 million investment .
Like IberiaBank , TCF says the strings attached to the money were the dealbreaker .
Under the new executive compensation limits in the new stimulus bill , the bonuses for TCF 's five most senior execs and 10 next highest compensated employees would have been affected .
Here 's the bank 's CEO in a statement :
The rules have definitely changed ...
In November when we agreed to accept the funds under the Capital Purchase Program , it was with the understanding that only healthy banks would be granted the funds ...
Recent actions by the U.S. Treasury and possible congressional or regulatory restrictions / mandates changed the rules .
As a result , public perception views those banks that took the TARP money as having done so out of weakness and a need to survive .
Another bank , Northern Trust , which got $ 1.58 billion from Treasury , has also recently made noises about returning the money after its sponsorship of a golf tournament and accompanying parties got fingers wagging in Congress .
Image Gary Hirshberg of Stonyfield Farm said of the organic food movement :  This has never been just about business .
We are here to change the world .
Credit ... J. Emilio Flores for The New York Times
In addition , some sustainable - farm advocates who have worked on these issues for decades in Washington are chafing at the idea of celebrity activists swooping into town .
Ferd Hoefner , policy director of the Sustainable Agriculture Coalition , says that during the Carter administration he fought to get $ 5 million in federal money to promote farmers ’ markets ( about the same as allocated last year ) .
While he acknowledges that it has been an uphill fight , Mr. Hoefner said the activists had made major strides in recent years , winning more federal dollars for organic research and to help farmers convert to organic methods and add value to their operations by , for example , converting to grass - fed beef .
As part of the economic stimulus plan , the Agriculture Department also plans to award $ 250 million in loan guarantees , spread over the next two years , for local and regional food networks , he said .
Mr. Hoefner said he was impressed by the number of people who rallied for a White House garden .
“ We just want to make sure that interest in that symbolic action can be channeled into some of the more difficult policy challenges , ” he said .
Senator Tom Harkin , Democrat of Iowa and chairman of the Senate Agriculture Committee , welcomes newcomers to the cause but cautions that farm policy “ does not have sharp turns . ”
Mr. Harkin has spent years trying to increase federal dollars for child nutrition and for conservation programs that reward farmers for protecting the environment , relatively small programs that he says can expand under the Obama administration .
The new economic stimulus bill could have an impact on your personal finances , but for most people , that impact will be small .
Indeed , the new economic stimulus bill , with its limited tax cuts and credits , as well as toned - down job creation efforts is actually a reminder that the trillions already spent are really for the big guys .
Talk of personal accountability for poor financial decisions is nice , but only we regular folks will really be held to it as the big guys are fully bailed out — so now is the time for you to stop worrying so much about economic stimulus ( and so - called “ patriotic spending ” ) and start fixing your own finances .
Here are some of the things you can do to help fix your finances in this time of economic turmoil :
Curb your spending .
Take stock of your expenses and cut out the unnecessary items .
Or at least pull back .
Get used to spending less , so that if changes are forced upon you , it wo n’t be as financial devastating .
Consider your financial options .
If you are concerned about job loss , look at your options .
Additionally , consider the options you have for retirement plans , spousal income , possible home business income , or passive income from dividend - yielding investments .
Start an emergency fund .
It is very important that you consider starting an emergency fund .
Having at least $ 1,000 to start an emergency fund is a good way to make sure many unexpected expenses are covered — without you having to turn to credit cards .
After you have paid down some debt , add to your savings and work toward building up enough to cover 3 - 6 months of expenses .
Pay down debt .
You want to try to get rid of debt .
The interest ( and credit cards keep raising interest rates ) will eat into your income , and once you free up that money that was going to debt , you can do so much more with it .
Can you think of other things you can do to fix your finances at this time ?
NEW YORK , March 18 ( Reuters ) - NBC Universal Chief Executive Jeff Zucker fired back at comedian Jon Stewart on Wednesday , saying it was “ unfair ” and “ absurd ” for the funnyman to criticize CNBC and question its coverage of financial news .
“ Everybody wants to find a scapegoat .
That ’s human nature , ” Zucker said during a keynote address at a media industry conference .
“ But to suggest that the business media or CNBC was responsible for what is going on now is absurd . ”
“ Just because someone who mocks authority says something does n’t make it so , ” Zucker said , describing the comedian ’s comments as “ completely out of line . ”
Zucker 's comments are the latest salvo in a war of words with Stewart , who hosts the mock news program " The Daily Show with Jon Stewart " on the Comedy Central cable television network owned by Viacom Inc VIAb.N .
Stewart has blasted CNBC ’s reporting of the financial market meltdown , saying the channel was too cozy with corporate chiefs and key government officials .
The comedian has lobbed particularly harsh criticism at CNBC commentator Jim Cramer , and last week invited him for an appearance on the comedy show , where he hammered the guest for his coverage of Wall Street .
“ Listen , you knew what the banks were doing , yet were touting it for months and months , ” Stewart said during his March 12 show .
“ The entire network was .
Now to pretend that this was some sort of crazy , once - in - a - lifetime tsunami that nobody could have seen coming is disingenuous at best and criminal at worst . ”
“ TERRIFIC ” JOB
Zucker , speaking at the McGraw - Hill Media Summit in New York on Wednesday , said that CNBC ’s reporters and commentators had done a “ terrific ” job and the network remained a “ go - to ” place for financial news .
“ It ’s unfair to CNBC and to the business media in general , ” Zucker said .
“ I do n’t think you can blame what happened here on the business media . ”
The CEO of NBC Universal , which also owns the NBC broadcast network , cable channels like Bravo and USA , theme parks and a film studio , among other businesses , said the public was tired of hearing the media blamed for its coverage of financial news .
“ Frankly , I already think you ’re seeing a backlash , ” he said .
Zucker also noted that the financial crisis has bolstered CNBC ’s audience ratings , and said he expected viewers to stick with the cable network even if the economy remains mired in recession .
“ When there is a lot of red on the screen , historically people do n’t want to watch that , ” he said .
“ That is absolutely not the case this time .
I do n’t think this is like those other times . ”
General Electric Co GE.N holds an 80 percent stake in NBC Universal , while France 's Vivendi VIV .
PA owns the other 20 percent .
( Reporting by Paul Thomasch ; Editing by Brian Moss )
Real Alien PS3
Mod is Out of This World
Even though this is a PS3 Mod it still freaks me out .
Still , I cannot but keep looking at it as if it is a real alien gaming console ; it is simply hypnotizing with its body , shape and color .
Created by GivinTats on Llama forums , this Playstation 3 mod was actually done as a favor with a freehand responsibility to make something awesome .
I believe the gamer ’s wish has come true , but would they be too scared to actually play it .
The Alien Mod PS3 is morbid , eerie and combines a number of different Alien parts from the movies we have grown up with .
It has a little bit of the ‘ face grabber ’ , some tiny skulls , the rib cages that scare the hell out of any 12 year old , and the color of death recreated with a generous amount of epoxy putty .
The Screaming Skull PS3 cover reminds me of this mod because of the color and fear concept , but this modification takes it out of the ballpark for the ability to make that same 12 year old cry out of fear .
Image Credit
× This page contains archived content and is no longer being updated .
At the time of publication , it represented the best available science .
To expand the possibilities for beachfront tourist development , Dubai undertook a massive engineering project to create hundreds of artificial islands along its Persian Gulf coastline .
Built from sand dredged from the sea floor and protected from erosion by rock breakwaters , the islands were shaped into recognizable forms , including two large palm trees , and even more ambitiously , a map of the world .
Satellites images from the past decade have documented the islands ’ creation .
This pair of images from the Advanced Spaceborne Thermal Emission and Reflection Radiometer ( ASTER ) on NASA ’s Terra satellite show the development of the archipelago known as “ The World . ”
The top image shows the project on February 5 , 2009 .
All the continents are represented ( the “ map ” is tilted toward the left ) .
A breakwater surrounds the archipelago , and its role is obvious : outside the perimeter , especially to the northwest , the waters of the Gulf ripple with waves that would wear the artificial islands away .
The bottom image shows the project on November 13 , 2004 , when dredging and building were just getting underway .
Only one of the islands that make up “ The World ” appears to have achieved its full potential as a manmade tropical paradise .
One of the islands in western Greenland has been landscaped , and it appears as a single green dot among its sand - covered neighbors .
NASA image created by Jesse Allen , using data provided courtesy of NASA / GSFC / METI / ERSDAC / JAROS , and U.S. / Japan ASTER Science Team .
Caption by Rebecca Lindsey .
REDMOND , Wash. , March 31 ( UPI ) -- Allocating $ 11 million in federal stimulus spending for a bridge connecting two Microsoft Corp. campuses in Redmond , Wash . , is drawing criticism .
The money awarded to the city is being used to cover a gap between $ 25 million existing public and private funding and the bridge 's final cost of $ 36 million .
Microsoft is kicking in $ 17.5 million for the bridge , which will pass over a public highway bisecting the two campuses .
Advertisement
But even though the software giant is paying a large share of the project 's cost , critics contend it is a good example of waste in the stimulus bill , CNN reported Tuesday .
" This is $ 11 million where we are substituting public money for private money , and that means there 's some other project that would have a greater benefit than a bridge to Microsoft that 's not being built , " Steve Ellis , vice president of Taxpayers for Common Sense , told the broadcaster .
But Redmond Mayor John Marchione disagreed , noting Microsoft 's contribution and pointing out that company employees will account for only 42 percent of the overall traffic .
" It 's going create just under 400 jobs for 18 months constructing the bridge , " he told CNN .
" It 's also connecting our technical sector with our retail and commercial sectors so people can cross the freeway to shop and help traffic flow . "
The unfinished building began operating as Detroit 's main passenger depot in 1913 after the older Michigan Central Station burned on December 26 , 1913 .
The growing trend toward increased automobile use was not a large concern in 1913 , as is evidenced in the design of the building .
Most passengers would arrive at and leave from Michigan Central Station by interurban service or streetcar and not as pedestrians due to the station 's remote distance from downtown Detroit .
The reason for the placement this far from downtown was a hope that the station would be an anchor for prosperity to follow .
Initially , things were looking up as Henry Ford began to buy land near the station in the 1920s and plans were made , but the Great Depression and other circumstances squelched the development efforts .
Further compounding MCS 's future problems was the fact that no large parking facility was included in the original design of the facility .
So when the interurban service was discontinued not even two decades after MCS opened and streetcar service following in 1938 , MCS was effectively isolated from a large majority of the population .
However , even with fewer means to get to and from the station , passenger volume did not decrease immediately .
During World War II , the station saw heavy military use , but once the war ended , passenger volume began to decline .
Service was cut back and passenger traffic became so low that the owners of the station attempted to sell the facility in 1956 for $ 5 million , one - third of its original building cost in 1913 .
The unfinished building began operating as Detroit 's main passenger depot in 1913 after the older Michigan Central Station burned on December 26 , 1913 .
The growing trend toward increased automobile use was not a large concern in 1913 , as is evidenced in the design of the building .
Most passengers would arrive at and leave from Michigan Central Station by interurban service or streetcar and not as pedestrians due to the station 's remote distance from downtown Detroit .
The reason for the placement this far from downtown was a hope that the station would be an anchor for prosperity to follow .
Initially , things were looking up as Henry Ford began to buy land near the station in the 1920s and plans were made , but the Great Depression and other circumstances squelched the development efforts .
Further compounding MCS 's future problems was the fact that no large parking facility was included in the original design of the facility .
So when the interurban service was discontinued not even two decades after MCS opened and streetcar service following in 1938 , MCS was effectively isolated from a large majority of the population .
However , even with fewer means to get to and from the station , passenger volume did not decrease immediately .
During World War II , the station saw heavy military use , but once the war ended , passenger volume began to decline .
Service was cut back and passenger traffic became so low that the owners of the station attempted to sell the facility in 1956 for $ 5 million , one - third of its original building cost in 1913 .
The main waiting room and entrance were reopened in 1975 and a $ 1.25 million renovation projects was begun in 1978 .
Only 6 years later , the building was sold for a transportation center project that never materialized .
Then , on January 6 , 1988 , the last Amtrak train pulled away from the station after it was decided to close the facility .
Related Articles
Michigan Central Station ( also known as Michigan Central Depot or MCS ) , built in 1913 for the Michigan Central Railroad , was Detroit , Michigan's , passenger rail depot from its opening in 1913 , when the previous Michigan Central Station burned , until the last Amtrak train pulled away from the station on January 6 , 1988 .
Sometime in June of this year I wrote this text which was meant to be published in a magazine which eventually never got to the printer ( but still might , so they say ) .
Just in case some people who ( only ) read English still pass by this blog I ’m now dropping it here ( in a slightly edited version ) .
Update :
It did get published , in Digital Security for Activists ( pdf , 4 mb , p. 11 - 21 ) by the Riseup collective .
Blogging against surveillance , or : who ’s the terrorist ?
On July 31 of last year , at 7 in the morning armed police stormed into the apartment where my partner Andrej Holm , I and our two children live .
We learned that day that he was a terrorism suspect and that an investigation had been going on for almost a year .
Andrej was arrested and flown to Germany ’s Court of Justice the next day .
The search of our home lasted 15 hours .
I was forced to wake my children , dress them and make them have breakfast with an armed policeman watching us .
That day my new life started , a life as the partner of one of Germany ’s top terrorists .
Andrej spent three weeks in investigative detention .
The arrest warrant was signed on grounds that caused a public outcry , not only in Germany but also in many other countries .
Open letters were sent to the court that were signed by several thousand people protesting against the arrests .
Among the signatures were those of David Harvey , Mike Davis , Saskia Sassen , Richard Sennett and Peter Marcuse .
What had happened ?
Some hours before Germany ’s federal police came to us , three men were arrested near Berlin , who were said to have tried to set fire to several army vehicles .
The original investigation was started against four other men , of which Andrej is one , who are suspected to be the authors of texts by a group called “ militante gruppe ” ( mg , militant group ) .
The group is known in Germany for damaging property for years , but never using violence against people .
The texts claim responsibility for arson attacks against cars and buildings in and around Berlin since 2001 .
German anti-terror law § 129a of the penal code was used to start an anti-terror - investigation against the four .
All of them write and publish online .
Andrej works as a sociologist on issues such as gentrification and the situation of tenants .
Outside academia he is actively involved in tenants ‘ organizations and movements that deal with gentrification and urban development .
Using words such as ‚ gentrification ‘ , ‚ marxist - leninist ‘ , ‚ precarisation ‘ oder ‚reproduction ‘ in their texts was enough to start complete surveillance ( a linguistic analysis by the Federal Police later showed it ’s most unlikely they wrote these texts ) .
As we saw later in the files , the profile for the ‚militant group ‘ was based on several assumptions : Members of the ‚militant group ‘ are assumed to
have close ties within the group ( all four have been good friends for years )
be political activists ( of the left )
have no prior police record
use ‚ conspiratorial behaviour ‘ , such as encrypting email , using anonymous mail addresses ( not made of proper first and last names )
be critical researchers and as such have access to libraries and a variety of daily papers , a profound political and historical knowledge .
How to make a terrorist
The initial suspicion based on an internet research for similarities in writing and vocabulary led to different measures of surveillance : phone tapping , video cameras pointed at living spaces , emails and internet traffic being monitored , bugging devices in cars , bugging operations on people ’s conversations etc .
None of these produced valid evidence , so every two or three months surveillance measures were extended .
Anti-terror - investigations according to § 129a of the penal code are known and infamous for the fact that they are carried out secretly and only less than 5 % ever produce enough evidence to lead to actual court cases .
The vast majority entail lengthy investigations , during which huge amounts of data ( mostly on activists ) are collected and after years the case is dropped without anyone ever knowing about it .
Not the ‚terrorist ‘ deeds themselves are being prosecuted , but rather membership or support of the said terrorist organization .
Therefore investigations focus on ‚who knows who and why ‘.
For the time being we know of four such cases carried out against 40 activists in Germany last year .
Participation in protests against the G8 played a prominent , but not the only role .
In all four cases the names of more than 200 people were found in the files that were handed over to the defendants : a good indication of what these investigations are really good for .
In ‚our ‘ case most likely all people who had any kind of interaction with Andrej during 2006 / 07 were checked by the police .
Doing this they noticed two meetings that allegedly took place in February and April of 2007 with someone who was later included in the investigation as a fifth suspect , and then two others who were in touch with this ‚ No. 5 ‘. The two meetings took place under „ highly conspiratorial circumstances “ : no mobile phones were taken along , the meeting had been arranged through so - called anonymous email accounts and during the meeting – a walk outside – the two turned around several times .
The three who were later included in the investigation are the same three who were arrested after the alleged attempted arson attack .
Some hours later special police forces stormed our home and Andrej became ‚ the brain behind the militant group ‘ .
My identity changed to being ‚ the terrorist ’s partner ‘.
Becoming ‚ the terrorist ’s partner ‘
I was in shock .
All of Berlin was on summer break .
The few of us who were not away got together to gather the little we understood about the accusation .
The media rejoiced with headlines such as ‚ Federal Police finally succeeded in arresting long searched for terror group ‘ and we had to deal with media inquiries , talking to lawyers , talking to relatives , talking to friends , colleagues , neighbors and our children .
We had to find out about life in prison , start a campaign for donations to pay for lawyers , make a website , agree on how to proceed between a rather heterogeneous group of suspects and even more heterogeneous network of friends and supporters and discuss how to deal with the media .
I realized slowly that my children and I were the collateral damage to this case .
My computer was confiscated , things were taken from my desk , all of my belongings searched .
My kids ( 2 and 5 years old last summer ) lived through two searches carried out by armed police .
Their father was kidnapped and disappeared for weeks .
Being a political activist myself , I am of course aware of the fact that phones can be tapped and that this is used extensively against activists .
In Germany close to 40.000 phones ( including mobiles ) are tapped each year – we have a total population of 80 million .
( http://www.bundesnetzagentur.de/media/archive/13600.pdf).
To realize and later to read on paper that this concerns you is an entirely different thing from the somewhat abstract idea that you may be subjected to it .
When Andrej was released on bail after three weeks , Germany ’s Federal Prosecutor filed a complaint and wanted him back in detention right away , based on the idea that he might flee the country or the danger of repetition .
How do you repeat membership in a terrorist organization ?
One of the many mysteries inside the prosecutors mind .
The complaint was not granted right away , but instead Germany ’s Court of Justice decided it needed time to reflect thoroughly on the details of the arrest warrant ( which was the origin of the huge wave of solidarity that was perceived widely in the media ) , the question of whether the so - called group actually qualified as ‚terrorist ‘ and whether the presented evidence justified detention .
Obvious surveillance
It was impossible to overlook that Andrej was the focus of police observation .
Our phones went crazy – not just once did people try to call Andrejs mobile number but ended up in my phone instead .
When I in turn also tried to call him , I got my own mailbox talking to me .
Our TV behaved oddly ( as a result of silent , or stealth pings that were sent to Andrej ’s mobile phone regularly to locate him ) .
Emails disappeared .
At some point in the middle of this , I considered starting a weblog about it .
Nobody to my knowledge had ever done a blog about living with anti-terror surveillance .
It was not an easy decision : were people going to believe me ?
Would I be portrayed as crazy or paranoid ?
On the other hand , unlike many other people , I know for certain that surveillance is taking place and why not write about what it feels like ?
Germany had a major debate about data retention last summer – the law was just passed and was to go into effect 2008 ( see http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Data_retention for details ) .
A new anti-terror federal police law was discussed in parliament and a public debate about data protection grew to dimensions nobody had thought possible some months before .
The War on Terror serves to justify more repressive laws here as well .
A blog about the consequences of such an investigation to a family that is admittedly interested ( and actively involved ) in politics , but otherwise not exactly your typical terrorist stereotype opened many eyes .
The idea of blogging had not appealed to me very much before , precisely because I am quite fond of my privacy .
Why present my personal daily life to a widely anonymous public ?
Absurd .
But now , when my privacy was already violated beyond anything imaginable , why not talk about what it feels like to people who are more sympathetic than the Federal Prosecutor ?
Why not talk about how ridiculous the ‚ facts ‘ to prove the case really are ?
And there are so many amazingly strange interpretations in the files of how we live our life , of what Andrej said on the phone , of what my mother said on the phone , that I thought nobody would believe these details just a few months later .
A weblog to protect my privacy
I ca n’t think of many situations when it would make sense to publish details about yourself on a website with the intention to protect your privacy .
In this case it did make sense .
We were subjected to a powerful and ( for us ) uncontrollable invasion of our life : we had the said video cameras pointing at the doors of the house we live in , phones tapped , email and internet traffic monitored , mail read , the stealth pings sent to Andrejs mobile phone to locate him every hour , undercover agents following him around and who knows what else .
It ’s likely that this is going on until now .
Surveillance by police and secret services done in a very obvious way for you to notice is ( also ) meant to scare you , maybe to provoke reactions .
Is also meant to scare others who just might have the same inclination to want to make the world a better place .
Fear works best when your alone with it .
Publishing details about how this fear is incited is not only a good way to open eyes about how the ‚ War on Terror ‘ looks likefrom the receiving end but is also a great method to stay sane and get it of ( some of ) the fear .
And so I started blogging .
Mostly in German , basically because I do n’t find the time to translate more and maybe also because I thought tha there would be more German readers interested – it is a minor case of terrorism , if you want , and hardly known outside Germany .
You can find some texts in English here : http://annalist.noblogs.org/category/en.
Reactions
I was n’t familiar with the world of blogs , and probably still am not very much .
I did n’t have time to find out how to ‚make your blog popular ‘ and was not particularly interested in that .
I was n’t really sure how much attention I ’d like , and so I started by publishing in the blog the same things I had previously sent by email to people interested in the development of the case and in how we personally were doing .
And I only told people I knew about it .
It took about three weeks until some of the more popular political German blogs picked it up , wrote about us and the number of visits exploded .
In the beginning people wondered whether this , whether I ‚was real ‘ .
The blog got lots of comments and it was obvious that many people were completely shocked about what was going on .
They compared the investigation to what they imagined having taken place in the Soviet Union , in China , North Korea , East Germany , but not ‚here ‘ , in a Western democracy , a constitutional state .
Another group consists of people who want to help us secure our privacy by explaining about email encryption , switching SIM cards in mobile phone and the like , not realizing that at least in the first months we actively avoided anything that could only appear as though we wanted to behave in a conspiratorial way , as this was one of the reasons Andrej became a suspect to begin with .
I thought it was pretty funny that being ‚ the sociologist ’s wife ‘ ( we are not married ) , people seemed to assume that Linux or encryption is something I ’d never heard of .
Many people expressed fear that already by reading my blog or even commenting on it they might endanger themselves .
I was glad they did anyway .
Others expressed admiration for us to have chosen to be so public about the case .
All of this was great and very important support that made it much easier to deal with the ongoing stress and tension that come with the threat of being tried as a terrorist .
Development of the investigation
Fortunately Germany ’s Court of Justice took several decisions that were very favorable for Andrej .
In a first , two months after the prosecutor ’s objection to his release on bail , the court decided not only to not allow the objection , but instead completely withdrew the arrest warrant , arguing that ‚pure assumptions are not sufficient ‘ .
This decision was perceived as a ’ slap in the face ‘ of Germany ’s Federal Prosecutor by many journalists .
One months later the same court had to decide whether the ‚militant group ‘ can be considered a ‚terrorist organization ‘ and decided against this .
The German definition for terrorism demands that a terrorist act is meant and able to shake the state to its very foundations , or else to terrify the population as such .
When Germany ’s minister of justice , Brigitte Zypries , was asked in an interview with Der Spiegel , one of the biggest political weekly magazines , about the case against the alleged members of the ‚ militant group ‘ , she said that she thought that the attacks of September 11 are a terrible tragedy , but in her definition not a terrorist act as it did n’t manage to endanger the American state .
We were rather surprised by this , to say the least .
In November the Court of Justice decided that the ‚militant group ‘ ca n’t be considered to be terrorist and ordered the other three arrested to be released on bail .
At this point , the investigation is being conducted on the basis of § 129 ( instead of § 129a ) , which prosecutes criminal instead of terrorist organizations , with possible sentences of up to five instead of ten years .
When Andrej was arrested for ‚ being terrorist ‘ , on the grounds of being intelligent , knowing many people from different spheres of society , accessing libraries and publishing texts , being an activist , behaving in what is seen as a conspiratorial way ( not always taking the mobile phone along or using encryption ) it felt that if this is possible , then it is thinkable that they ’d even sentence him to a prison term .
With months of public support and more details of the investigation becoming public , like many others , I started believing that this nightmare is terminal , that the case would have to be dropped eventually .
Most people do n’t realize that the investigation is actually still going on .
All of our phone calls are still being listened to , our emails read , Andrej ’s every step is being watched .
Germany discusses online searches of computers and using hidden cameras in people ’s living spaces to detect terrorists , and we know that the secret service is using what the police only dream of .
It has been an extremely straining life for a year and a half now , but I am convinced that a good way to survive something like this , which terrorized us , our children , families and friends , is to not go into hiding .
I understand the feeling very well of wanting to not move anymore until it ’s all over , to not provoke any ( legal ) action when you ’re in the focus of this kind of attention .
To do the contrary – seek as much public attention and thus support as possible – was the best thing we could do .
More :
Statewatch , Oct 2007 : Crime by association
Richard Sennett and Saskia Sassen , Oct 21 , 2007 , The Guardian : Guantánamo in Germany .
In the name of the war on terror , our colleagues are being persecuted – for the crime of sociology
The state of Victoria in southern Australia has recently been hit with hundreds of bush fires during a record - breaking heatwave - temperatures well above 38 °C ( 100 °F ) .
Unfortunately , these fires have proved to be the deadliest in Australian history , with at least 166 deaths reported so far .
The fires mostly appear to have been started by lightning - however a few appear to have been arson , and are under investigation - entire towns being declared crime scenes .
Twenty - four fires are still burning , and authorities warn that the death toll will likely rise .
( 36 photos total
Thorium is a slightly radioactive element , a cousin of uranium .
For the past four decades , in fits and starts , researchers have been testing it as a potentially attractive competitor to uranium as a source of nuclear fuel .
Within the nuclear community , it 's won a small , devoted following .
Up to now , it 's had little commercial impact .
Today , however , thorium is getting a serious second look from some powerful global players .
With interest in nuclear power soaring , thorium is being re-examined as a potential solution to — or at least a palliative for — some of the industry 's daunting problems , particularly the production of hazardous radioactive waste .
Advocates say that adding thorium to a nuclear reaction would help reduce the volume of nuclear waste that is produced and help prevent civilian nuclear fuels from being converted into weapons - grade material .
With nearly three dozen nuclear reactors under construction worldwide and at least 50 more in the planning stages , world leaders are facing mounting pressure to ensure that any nuclear expansion occurs as safely and cleanly as possible .
So , could thorium , which is found in the sandy beaches of India , Australia , and the United States , be part of the answer ?
Some politicians certainly hope so .
So do many foreign governments .
In the United States last fall , Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid of Nevada and Utah Republican Sen. Orrin Hatch introduced a bill requesting $ 250 million for thorium research and development .
Abroad , the Indian government is banking on thorium - run nuclear plants to meet its growing energy needs .
Russia , France , the United Arab Emirates , and others also have expressed interest .
Of course , there 's at least one big catch :
At the moment , thorium is n't ready for wide commercial use .
But on paper and in laboratory tests , it looks like a sleek upgrade from uranium .
It 's consumed much less quickly in a reaction , so it has the potential to slice in half the volume of waste that 's produced .
And unlike uranium , it does n't produce plutonium that can be used in weapons .
This could help allay fears , particularly in Washington , that developing countries might use civilian nuclear energy programs as a pretext for developing nuclear weapons .
Contaminated .
Thorium 's advantage comes partly from its atomic chemistry .
In a typical reactor , the fuel is enriched uranium , which is a mixture of two types of uranium .
One , U - 235 , can be ripped apart to release energy .
The other , U - 238 , is heavier , more plentiful , and , in a nuclear reactor , yields a specific type of plutonium that can be isolated and used to make nuclear bombs .
In advanced thorium - fuel reactions , however , something different happens .
Plutonium is still produced , as is U - 233 , which can also be used for weapons .
But so many other types of plutonium are formed , and so much toxic gamma radiation is released , that the final products are " contaminated , " meaning that it 's incredibly difficult — if not impossible — to isolate the plutonium or uranium and make a bomb out of them .
Then there 's the waste advantage .
A longtime political lightning rod , the issue of nuclear waste disposal is part of the reason that it has been three decades since a new nuclear plant received approval for construction in the United States .
The federal government 's decades - old plan to build a waste repository at Yucca Mountain in Nevada seems all but dead now , with the Obama administration recently saying that Yucca " is not an option . "
Thorium can't eliminate the problem , but it could help reduce the amount of waste that would need disposal .
On average , experts say , a thorium fuel rod could stay in a reactor twice as long as a uranium one .
Blend .
The most promising design being developed is a blend containing thorium and a small amount of uranium to help kick - start the reaction .
Research is ongoing , and approval by the U.S. government remains at least several years off .
But some surprising international partnerships are already yielding promising developments .
One leading company , Thorium Power , based in Virginia , has been working with Russian researchers since the early 1990s to commercialize thorium ( with the blessing of the U.S. government , of course ) .
For the past five years , Thorium Power has been testing its fuel design — a thorium - uranium blend designed to be more proliferation resistant — in a research reactor at Moscow 's Kurchatov Institute .
It 's now examining the results , says Thorium Power 's CEO , Seth Grae , and over the next few years plans to test the fuel in a commercial reactor .
Eventually , it wants to seek approval from the Russian government to market the technology .
" A few years ago , I would have ticked off several risk factors that are now behind us , " Grae said .
" This is now at a very advanced stage . "
Yet even if the research is successfully completed , there 's the question of who would want to use it .
In India 's case , thorium could be particularly attractive , because the country has some of the world 's largest thorium reserves but limited access to uranium .
Other countries that are working to build civilian nuclear programs , such as the United Arab Emirates , might also find thorium easier to obtain .
In the United States , there has been less enthusiasm for thorium .
Experts say that U.S. uranium supplies are ample enough to last at least through the end of the century , and uranium is still relatively cheap , despite recent price jumps .
" From the perspective of utilities , they like things that work the way they are , " says Felix Killar , senior director at the Nuclear Energy Institute .
" Unless somebody comes to them with a really good explanation for why they should go this way , they are not running and saying , ' Yeah , we will do this . ' "
On the other hand , if thorium does become viable , utilities would n't have to alter their operations much ; it can be used in existing reactors without major changes .
For now , many in the industry are more focused on reprocessing unconsumed uranium and plutonium from used fuel and reusing it .
" There is a lot of energy potential left in spent fuel , and that requires reprocessing , " says Regis Matzie , chief technology officer at Westinghouse , one of the country 's top nuclear reactor manufacturers .
" The path we are going down is to put the waste in a repository , but the smartest technical solution would be to reprocess the fuel . "
java_type endend
This time we 're actually * generating * the methods , looping over a list of Java primitives and eval 'ing a method for each .
So this is * runtime * generation of methods , like any good Rubyist loves to do .
And of course , this is absolutely no problem for compiler2 : Compiled from " MyObject2.java.rb" public class MyObject2 extends org.jruby.RubyObject{ static {} ; public MyObject2 ( ) ; public double doubleMethod ( double ) ; public int intMethod ( int ) ; public char charMethod ( char ) ; public short shortMethod ( short ) ; public boolean boolean Method ( boolean ) ; public float floatMethod ( float ) ; public long longMethod ( long ) ; public byte byteMethod ( byte ) ;
}
All the methods are there , just as you 'd expect them !
Fantastic !!!
( Though the ordering is a little peculiar ; I think that 's because we do n't have an ordered method table in our class impl .
Does it matter ? )
Even better , the above methods are doing the same type coercion on the way in and out that we do for any other Java - based method calling .
So your integral numerics are presented to Ruby as Fixnums , floating - point numerics are Floats , and booleans come through as Ruby true or false .
There 's certainly more work to be done :
There 's no support for overloads at the moment , but I 'll likely provide a method aliasing facility so you can define multiple Ruby methods and then say which one maps to which overload .
And of course , you 'll be able to define multiple overloads that go to the same method body if you wish .
I also have not wired in varargs , but it will be an easy match to Ruby 's restargs .
And optional arguments could automatically generate different - arity Java signatures .
Annotations will also be trivial to add ; it 's just a matter of attaching appropriate metadata and having compiler2 emit them .
So you 'll be able to use JavaEE 5 , JUnit4 , and any other frameworks that depend on having annotations present .
Of course this is all checked into JRuby trunk , so feel free to give it a try .
Stop by JRuby mailing lists or IRC if you have questions .
And it's all still written in Ruby ; signature support bloated the compiler up to a whopping 178 lines of code , most of that for dealing with the JVM opcodes for primitive types .
This is just the beginning ! " /> java_type endend
This time we 're actually * generating * the methods , looping over a list of Java primitives and eval 'ing a method for each .
So this is * runtime * generation of methods , like any good Rubyist loves to do .
And of course , this is absolutely no problem for compiler2 : Compiled from " MyObject2.java.rb" public class MyObject2 extends org.jruby.RubyObject{ static {} ; public MyObject2 ( ) ; public double doubleMethod ( double ) ; public int intMethod ( int ) ; public char charMethod ( char ) ; public short shortMethod ( short ) ; public boolean boolean Method ( boolean ) ; public float floatMethod ( float ) ; public long longMethod ( long ) ; public byte byteMethod ( byte ) ;
}
All the methods are there , just as you 'd expect them !
Fantastic !!!
( Though the ordering is a little peculiar ; I think that 's because we do n't have an ordered method table in our class impl .
Does it matter ? )
Even better , the above methods are doing the same type coercion on the way in and out that we do for any other Java - based method calling .
So your integral numerics are presented to Ruby as Fixnums , floating - point numerics are Floats , and booleans come through as Ruby true or false .
There 's certainly more work to be done :
There 's no support for overloads at the moment , but I 'll likely provide a method aliasing facility so you can define multiple Ruby methods and then say which one maps to which overload .
And of course , you 'll be able to define multiple overloads that go to the same method body if you wish .
I also have not wired in varargs , but it will be an easy match to Ruby 's restargs .
And optional arguments could automatically generate different - arity Java signatures .
Annotations will also be trivial to add ; it 's just a matter of attaching appropriate metadata and having compiler2 emit them .
So you 'll be able to use JavaEE 5 , JUnit4 , and any other frameworks that depend on having annotations present .
Of course this is all checked into JRuby trunk , so feel free to give it a try .
Stop by JRuby mailing lists or IRC if you have questions .
And it's all still written in Ruby ; signature support bloated the compiler up to a whopping 178 lines of code , most of that for dealing with the JVM opcodes for primitive types .
This is just the beginning ! " />
Charles Oliver Nutter Java , Ruby , and JVM guy trying to make sense of it all Source About
Dynamically typed languages represent almost everything as tagged pointers , which sounds very inefficient : does n't that waste a lot of space ?
And does n't 64 - bit addressing make this waste much , much worse ?
I used to take this seriously .
But one day a few years ago I was playing with Squeak , and wondering why its images ( savable worlds ) were so large - 10 MB , when the original Smalltalk ran in 64 KB .
I stumbled across allObjectsDo : , which iterates across all objects in the heap , so I wrote a heap profiler to find out where the space was going .
Once I finished it , I discovered Squeak came with a much better one , so I used that instead .
Here are all the classes that take more than 1 % of the space :
Class Purpose # Instances Space % Compiled Method bytecode 33951 2.0 MB
20 % Bitmap graphics 1208 1.8 MB
17 % String text 28743 1.7 MB
16 % Array various 30263 1.3 MB
12 % ByteArray various 379 800 KB
8 % Symbol selectors mostly 27786 550 KB 5 % MethodDictionary method dispatch 3092 320 KB
3 % WeakArray symbol table mostly 15 230 KB 2.2 % Point GUI 17193 200 KB 1.9 % MorphExtension GUI 3344 170 KB
1.6 % Color GUI 8323 163 KB
1.6 % Association hashtables 10761 126 KB 1.2 % Float boxed float 9732 114 KB 1.1 %
All others 1.1 MB 10 % Classes without pointers > 6.6 MB > 65 % Total 10.2 MB
100 %
This shows why tagged pointers are not a big space problem : there just are n't that many of them .
Five of the top six classes , accounting for two thirds of the space , are binary data .
( The exception is Array . )
Dynamically typed languages , it turns out , do n't encode most data as tagged pointers .
Well , of course .
What do you do with a large data structure ?
You find a more compact representation .
Often that means replacing low - entropy pointers with high - entropy bytes .
That 's what happened to all of those five non-pointer classes .
Dynamic typing makes no difference : as long as you have some sort of byte arrays ( in Smalltalk , Class » variable ByteSubclass : ) , you can do this in dynamically typed languages the same way you do it in statically typed ones .
If tagged pointers are wasteful , the waste is in boxing small objects like floats , not in the presence of pointers .
ROOSEVELT , New York ( CNN ) --
When Lisa Brown moved into her rental house on Long Island last summer with her three daughters , she says , it felt like a new beginning .
Lisa Brown has to move out of her rental house because it is facing foreclosure
After living in apartments , the spacious house got her attention immediately .
" It was bigger than what I had lived in , " she says .
Brown was also won over by the neighborhood with its tidy homes and good school district .
" I wanted to come here , and I wanted to see my kids graduate from this school district . "
But they hardly had a chance .
Instead , fighting back tears , she says , " I have to get out . "
Brown and her family are being evicted not because of anything they did , but because her landlord defaulted on the mortgage and the house fell into foreclosure .
The house was recently sold at auction .
The bad news came just seven months after Brown had moved in .
A real estate broker came to the door and handed her an eviction notice , telling her she had 30 days to vacate .
" I was hysterical , I was like , what do you mean ? "
Watch Lisa Brown 's talk about why she has to move »
The broker explained that the landlord no longer owns the property and that the lease was no longer valid .
Brown had no idea the house was in foreclosure .
As a tenant , she always paid her rent on time , and she assumed the rent was going toward the mortgage .
" I did n't see there was a problem , " she said .
" You know , I 'm paying rent , and she 's putting it toward her mortgage , I did n't see the problem . "
Unfortunately , Brown is not the only tenant caught off guard .
According to the Center for Housing Policy , nearly 20 percent of all foreclosures are on rental properties , and tenants ' rights in such situations are minimal .
In most states , when a bank forecloses on a landlord , the tenant has no guarantee of being allowed to stay in the property , and neither the bank nor the landlord has a legal obligation to tell the tenant about the foreclosure .
So while the owners know what 's going on , renters are usually kept in the dark .
New York State Sen. Jeff Klein is aware that renters can run into problems .
" In many instances , they 're actually paying their rent on time , and the owner of the property who is in foreclosure is pocketing the money , " he says .
Klein says rental properties are involved in 50 percent of all foreclosures in New York , and he is working on a law to warn renters of foreclosure proceedings ahead of time and to keep them from losing their security deposit and being evicted with nowhere to go .
Similar laws are already in place in Ohio , Illinois , Minnesota , Maryland , Rhode Island , Michigan and California .
" What we 're facing here " , Klein says , " is sort of the new homeless population unless we do something about it . "
Brown was astonished to learn that her landlord rented her the house when she knew she was losing it .
" She knew that this house was foreclosing on her .
She did nothing about it .
Nothing , except take my money . "
Brown was paying $ 1,900 a month in rent .
She had also paid $ 5,700 for a security deposit and broker fees to secure the house .
She says that money is gone .
" She will not give me my deposit back .
Nothing . "
CNN tried to reach the owner , who lives upstairs , for comment , but her phone was disconnected , and no one answered the door .
The broker who rented her the house and who was paid $ 1,900 says he did not know the house was in foreclosure .
He also says the brokerage fee will not be returned .
" It took everything I had to move in , " Brown says , " to give my kids a better environment . "
And now , " I 'm left out with nothing . "
Because eviction papers trump the lease , Brown has no legal right to stay .
The bank that foreclosed on the house , and now owns it , offered her $ 1,000 to get out , but she says she 's lost close to $ 6,000 and has nowhere to go .
" If it was me , yeah I could move out and go on my own .
But it 's my family you 're talking about , my children , my three daughters and my pets , that I brought in here thinking that we were going to stay and be happy . "
Brown is considering suing the owner in small - claims court to get her money back and cover moving expenses .
For now , though , she says she will adjust her dreams and find another place for her family to live .
All About Foreclosures
Every 41 pounds of junkmail destroys 36.6 square meters of natural habitat and creates 47.6 kilograms ( 105 Pounds ) of CO2 emissions .
100 million trees and 28 billion gallons of water were used to produce U.S. mail for just one year
In 2005 over 114 billion pieces of bulk advertising mail were sent out in the U.S. ( a 15 % increase from 2000 )
The average adult spends 70 hours a year dealing with junk mail .
Phone books use an estimated 4.68 million trees worth of wood fiber , or 14 football fields ’ worth of forest per day .
They are also a burden on local governments , who pay nearly $ 60 million annually to recycle or dispose of unwanted phone books ( source ) .
250,000 homes could be heated for a single day 's junkmail
The world 's temperate forests absorb 2 billion tons of carbon annually to help keep the planet cool and healthy .
These forests are needed to reduce climate change .
Junk mail produces more greenhouse gas emissions than 2.8 million cars .
55 % of all paper fibers come from trees ( 17 % of this is from old - growth forests ) .
23 million acres of forest area was lost worldwide between 1990 and 2000
Nearly 4 billion trees worldwide are cut down each year for paper , representing about 35 percent of all harvested trees .
Habitat loss is one of the main causes of animal and plant extinction
An estimated 25 % of the 5 million species on our planet are faced with extinction by 2050 .
Roughly 1 every 20 minutes becomes extinct at the current rate ( Conservation International ) .
Recycling is great but it wo n't bring back an extinct species
44 % of all U.S. mail is discarded unopened equaling 4 million tons of waste of paper per year .
Only 32 % is recycled .
Encourage others to stop junk mail via email or by creating a flyer and distributing it in your community .
You may be able to set out copies for the public at your local libraries , booths at fairs or farmers ' markets , and health food stores or restaurants .
Also , ask at your local post office if you can leave them copies of the flyer for distribution to interested postal customers .
When the BBC online message boards began filling with unpleasant posts from aggrieved parents objecting to the presence of a young woman who was born without a hand fronting pre-school television , the presenter herself , Cerrie Burnell , did not feel hurt at all .
She says many people tentatively warned her about the comments , wondering whether she should read them at all .
But the 29 - year - old who last month took over the Do and Discover Slot and the Bedtime Hour on the BBC 's digital channel CBeebies was not fazed .
For her the criticisms on the CBeebies website were " not personal " and represented " the same kind of discrimination any disabled person would face . "
One father said he would ban his daughter from watching the channel because Burnell would " give [ his daughter ] nightmares " .
Another said it would " scare the kids " while another parent blamed " political correctness " .
Burnell is adamant that she will not hide her disability away .
But did the remarks really not hurt her ?
" It was nothing I had n't heard before , " she said .
" I never liked a prosthetic arm and even as a child I never wanted to wear it .
It was the bane of my life , an unhelpful and heavy part of my school uniform as I saw it , and at nine I stopped wearing it .
" Some adults said that maybe I should wear it because other children might not like it , so I have heard the same arguments that were on the message boards for a number of years now .
I had to take it off for PE anyway and no one in my class minded all .
Kids learn very quickly . "
The mother of a five - month - old daughter called Amelie , Burnell clearly does not need educating about children , or indeed the finer points of popular attitudes to , and the realities of , disability .
Being born without a hand ( for no identifiable reason - " it just happened " ) has never hampered her , she says , and has always been an " aesthetic , not a physical problem " for the actress , who enjoyed a stable upbringing in London and Eastbourne ( her father , now retired , helps look after Amelie when she is filming ) .
" But I have a political understanding of the situation and the problem is global , " she said .
" The important thing to face is the fact that there are enough disabled people being represented in the media .
I know so many talented disabled actors who simply are n't getting the chances and the problem is that not enough parts and roles are being written for disabled actors . "
She said : " Desperate Housewives has been running a storyline in which a character went blind and has now recovered their sight .
Why could n't they have introduced a blind character to the role ?
Because those actors are out there and they are not getting seen .
There 's a fear that casting a disabled actor into a non-disabled role might distract from the story but unless you do it we wo n't find out . "
Part of the blame for these attitudes , she feels , rests with the media , particularly magazines " obsessed with the perfect body " and cosmetic surgery ironing out any supposed imperfections .
But the battles that she feels have largely been won for multiracial casting on television need to now be urgently fought for disabled people .
" I am pleased that this whole thing with me has raised the issue and that attention has been drawn to the fact that disabled people in this country do face real prejudice .
" Her message for those commenting on website message boards is that she hopes the controversy will help other people " see the person and not the disability " .
This blog has migrated to www.magistratesblog.blogspot.co.uk
This blog is anonymous , and Bystander 's views are his and his alone .
Where his views differ from the letter of the law , he will enforce the letter of the law because that is what he has sworn to do .
If you think that you can identify a particular case from one of the posts you are wrong .
Enough facts are changed to preserve the truth of the tale but to disguise its exact source .
Khalid Amayreh in Ramallah
The latest public opinion survey in the West Bank and Gaza Strip has shown a dramatic rise in Hamas ’ popularity among Palestinians , with a significant decline in Fatah ’s public standing .
Moreover , the poll showed that a majority of Palestinians believed that the advent of the Obama administration in the U.S. would n’t make a big difference with regard to American efforts to resolve the Palestinian issue .
According to the poll , Turkey , Venezuela and Iran as well as Hezbullah are the most popular regional forces among Palestinians .
The results of the latest poll , conducted by the Jerusalem Media and Communications Center ( JMCC ) from 29 - 31 January , showed that nearly 48 % of respondents believed that Hamas came out of the Israeli blitz against Gaza victorious .
Nearly 10 per cent opined that Israel won the war , while over a third of respondents , 37.4 % said that neither side achieved victory .
The poll , surveying a random sample of 1,198 respondents , found a dramatic rise in the popularity of Hamas , especially in the West Bank .
In contrast , the popularity of the Fatah movement suffered a significant decline , especially in the West Bank .
When asked if general Palestinian elections were held today , 28.6 % of respondents said they would vote for Hamas .
Fatah ’s standing declined from 34 % last April to 27.9 in this poll .
According to the latest poll , trust in Hamas rose from 16.6 % last November to 27.7 % in this poll .
In contrast , the percentage of those who said they trusted Fatah fell down from 31.3 % to 26 % .
According to a press release by the JMCC , the rise in Hamas ’ popularity occurred mainly in the West Bank , which is controlled by the Western Backed Palestinian Authority .
Similarly , the percentage of those who said they trusted Ismael Haniya , the Prime Minister of the Gaza - based Palestinian government , increased from 12.8 % last October to 21.1 in this poll .
Trust in PA Chairman Mahmoud Abbas went down from 15.5 % last October to 13.4 in this poll .
The poll showed that the percentage of those opining that the performance of the American - backed government of Salam Fayad is better than that of the Gaza - based government declined significantly from 36 % last April to 26.9 % in this poll .
However , those who believed that the performance of the Fayad government is worse than that of the Haniya ’s government rose substantially from 29.1 to 40 % per cent .
The latest poll also found that support for military resistance against the Israeli occupation rose from 49.5 % last April to 53.5 % in this poll .
Moreover , the poll showed a rise in the percentage of Palestinians opposed to peace talks with Israel .
Turkey , Venezuela and several other political and other entities have also become more popular among Palestinians , according to the latest poll .
Turkey received the highest point of 89.6 % , followed by Venezuela ( 80.6 % ) .
The International Committee of the Red Cross received a satisfaction mark of ( 79.8 ) followed by UNRWA ( 78.6 % ) .
Qatar received a satisfaction mark of 68.3 % , Hezbullah 66.9 % , the Muslim Brotherhood movement 57.6 % and Iran 55.9 % .
The US received the satisfaction of only 2.8 of respondents , Britain , 10.4 % , Germany 14.4 % France was the western country that received the satisfaction of the highest percentage of respondents , at 21.5 per cent .
Egypt and Jordan received 35.1 % and 41.7 % respectively .
Finally , when asked which entity you would prefer to assume the task of reconstruction in the Gaza Strip , respondents gave the following answers : A majority of 30.6 % said they prefer an international mechanism under UN supervision to assume this task .
The second choice was for a Palestinian national unity government to oversee the reconstruction .
More than 23 % said they preferred the government of Hamas to do the job , while a minority of 13.7 % said they prefer the Palestinian Authority to assume the task .
The decline in Fatah ’s popularity can be attributed to the widespread public dissatisfaction with the Ramallah regime ’s lukewarm stance during the war .
Many Palestinians had the impression that at least some of the PA and PLO leaders adopted a “ conspiratorial stance ” during the Israeli invasion of Gaza .
Some PA officials had reportedly made remarks voicing the hope that Israeli would destroy the Hamas government in Gaza .
Some PLO leaders , such as Yasser Abed Rabbo , reportedly criticized Israel for ending the war too soon without “ finishing off Hamas . ”
Another important reason for Fatah ’s dwindling popularity seems to have to do with the widespread suppression by PA security forces of public descent during the war .
PA security agencies prevented and in many instances violently suppressed pro-Hamas protests during the war .
Dozens of Palestinians , mainly Hamas sympathizers , have also been arrested by the PA security apparatus in the West Bank .
The latest opinion poll is not going to be a good news for PA Chairman Mahmoud Abbas .
From Khalid Amayreh in Ramallah
Abbas has been calling for early presidential and legislative elections in the West Bank , East Jerusalem and Gaza Strip in the hope of ending Hamas ’ government in the Gaza Strip .
-###-
By Khalid Amayreh www.xpis.ps
Glaring racism , violence , murder , misogynism and a lot of smoke -
In this post , we have a look at various forms of " politically incorrect " advertising and propaganda from the late 1800 's up until the present .
The material of our present days might not be as overt as it used to , but it 's still about in droves , and sometimes with an even fouler smell to it .
Racism
This marmelade ad from 1910 shows amongst others , a golliwog .
I 've never seen one in my lifetime , but , to my surprise , they are apparently still for sale in some countries .
While they are quite grotesque stereotypes of africans , I suppose their cutesy , innocent qualities makes up for it in the eyes of some .
A classic take on the classic stereotype of the black servant ( or slave ? ) happily serving his massa , complete with the correct lingo .
No fuss , to the point racist packaging .
What you see here is an old Norwegian brand of tar / varnish used on wood burning ovens .
It 's been out of production for a good while now , ( I wonder why ? ) but boxes like this can still be found tucked away in old dusty closets in Norway .
With the combination of the Uncle Sam figure and the proclamation in his hand , its reasonable to suspect that this 1882 advert is a kind of weird play on the Chinese Exclusion
Act which was passed as US law that same year .
Combining advertisement for some sort of detergent or washing machine with the slogan " The Chinese must go " seems sort of irrelevant to me , but since anti-Chinese animosity was significant at the time , it certainly hit home amongst potential customers , regardless of actual relevance .
More than a century later , in 2007 , we find these somewhat less explicit posters in Switzerland , promoting the right wing Swiss People 's Party ( SVP ) and various supported initiatives .
This poster roughly translates as " Free pass for all ? NO " .
The issue at hand was a vote on the 8th of February on whether the country should carry on its policy of mutual open labour markets with the European Union , and also extend this to new EU members Bulgaria and Romania .
Naturally , the birds trying to get a bite out of Switzerland are n't white doves or owls , they 're crows , black as the night , with obvious symbolism .
In any case , the SVPs campaign failed and the policy of open labour markets was extended .
In 2004 , the same SVP had success in restricting the naturalization laws for prospective new Swiss citizens , something which the party campaigned for again last year .
Both times , this illustration was used on posters , showing thieving hands of many skin colours reaching into a pile of Swiss passports .
Swiss naturalization laws are already among the strictest in the world .
Cigarettes
I think anyone who 's ever inhaled a puff of cigarette smoke could see the irony in recommending smoking as a treatment for a sore throat .
Still , these adverts where abundant .
Certainly not !
After all , it 's " Made specially to prevent sore throats " .
The nicotine and smoke are just side effects I suppose .
This medicinal cigarette , not recommended for children under 6 , apparently treats many ailments usually thought to be caused by cigarettes , like asthma , foul breath and bronchial irritations .
Well done Dr. Batty !
If the mustached Dr. Batty could n't convince you of the positive effects of smoking , this fresh pumpkin of a doctor should certainly do the trick .
According to this advert , " It 's the peppery dust left in tobacco by inefficient cleaning methods that makes you cough " .
You may not be able to read it at this size , the text under the logo reads " Mild ... No cigaretty after - taste " .
This ad is mix of two completely different topics .
At the top , the little girl is seen telling her doctor she 'll live to be a hundred , and the text more or less confirms this , thanks to rapid progress of medical science and hard working doctors putting that science to use .
In the lower half , Camel claims that a survey among 113 597 doctors brought back Camel as the favourite brand .
Mixing these two completely different topics coincidentally leaves the happy impression that there 's no contradiction between smoking camels and living to be 100 years old .
I 'm not sure exactly when the public opinion on the health effects of smoking started turning decidedly towards the negative .
Nor am I an expert on US politics .
That said , I 'm fairly certain that had Barack Obama appeared endorsing cigarette cartons as merry Christmas gifts , it would have had a negative effect on his electoral support .
But in 1951 , smoking was still fine and dandy , and it would be another 30 years before the young actor Ronald Reagan would assume the presidency of the United States .
In recent years , there 's been a lot of controversy over tobacco advertising aimed at a young ( even underaged ) demographic .
Certainly , in the long run , it makes commercial sense for a brand to build a following among young people and consolidate their brand allegiance , since there are more years of sales to gain than with older people .
Mixing this bright , young and beautiful couple with fresh flowers and cigarettes certainly does a nice job at cleaning up the image of cigarette smoking .
I was n't quite sure whether this belonged more in the cigarette category or in the category below .
I guess it 's hard to make a solid claim to this being sexist , but no girl I know would go crazy about me for blowing smoke in her face .
Even if the smoke is , for these cigarettes , cherry , burgundy or blueberry scented .
Sexism , misogynism and misandry
From this Vintage Advertising flickr set
" Men are better than women !
Indoors , women are useful , even pleasant " .
At first , second and third glance , I was just delighting in the clear , straight forward quality of those initial words .
It took a good while until I looked at the nether regions of the ad , for the demonstration of how little use women are outdoors .
" Gosh honey , you seem to thrive on cooking , cleaning and dusting " .
Classic stuff , apron , feather duster and all .
The wonders of modern technology !
According to this Delmonte Ketchup advert , by 1953 , bottle design had come so far even women could manage opening their Ketchup bottles .
I love these ads that state their ( nowadays ) politically incorrect messages as clearly as possible .
According to this 1961 Kenwood ad , wives are for cooking .
From the outset , this ad leaves no doubt that this is a man 's car , a strong , bullriding , cowboy man 's car .
A cowboy who likes to ride out into the wild and catch a nice , energetic woman to ride in .
Hee - haw !
I 've never pretended to understand high fashion .
I 'm more in tune with the street styles I 've seen Amsterdam than with high fashion as seen in Paris or Milan .
Maybe that 's why I have a hard time grasping how glossy depictions of gang rape is going to help a brand sell .
Violence , vodka , death and divorce
Seemingly trying to one - up Dolce & Gabbana , Duncan Quinn likes their brand to be associated with murderers , real stone cold killers by the looks of it .
With divorce rates as high as they are in Norway ( and in the US where this ad comes from , unsurprisingly ) , I guess I should be OK with this ad , but I 'm having a hard time .
Even if it 's humorous , there 's of course certain bit of truth in this ad .
Trying to increase earnings by advertising divorce , something which few if any people or cultures in the world consider to be positive thing , well , that just seems like a crappy way of making money .
Chicago lawyers Fetman , Garland & Associates seem to thrive on the press generated by these campaigns , they 've even set up a merchandise shop selling some real sorry clothes capitalizing on the campaign 's slogans .
By the way , the buttocks to the left belong to none other than the lawyer Corri D. Fetman , a former Playboy playmate .
I could see how these ads , displayed in Mexico City , might cause a stir in the US .
Swedish vodka brand Absolut apparently regards itself as competent of suggesting some bold territorial changes between these two countries , which have certainly seen their fair share of warfare .
Luckily for Absolut , that 's all in the past , there are n't a lot of people left alive with painful memories of the Mexican - American war of the 1840s .
Unlike the D&G ads shown earlier , Benetton does n't try glamming up violent or otherwise crappy situations .
While the motives for their campaigns including dying AIDS patients and soldiers , or campaigns such as this can rightly be questioned , in light of the D&G stuff above , I feel sort of OK with their stuff .
Apart from the utter fakeness seen in most advertising , it 's sort of refreshing to see a different angle , even if it 's not the most pleasant material .
Never mind Benetton using dying people in advertising , Dr. Martens prefer those who have long since passed .
For those who do not recognize the face , this is Kurt Cobain of legendary grunge rock band Nirvana , who killed himself with a shotgun in 1994 .
Even disregarding that his death was a suicide ( though some alternate theories have arisen ) which tends to make matters even morse sensitive , using dead people to endorse your products is cheating , pure and simple .
One of those ads that where fine and dandy when they where launched , but are pretty outrageous in hindsight .
The keywords here are " Bhopal " and " 1984 " .
We are talking about one of the worst industrial disasters in history , killing something like 16 000 people in the Indian city of Bhopal where Union Carbide had a pesticide plant .
This 1962 image of a big Union Carbide hand seemingly pouring chemicals straight out into free air is particularly poignant .
Of course there are many , many more examples of rather offensive or otherwise politically incorrect advertising .
Perhaps you have some examples of your own ?
Please do share in the comments below !
Related Posts
Remember how we were all engaged in a brief national discussion about the wisdom and effectiveness of limits on compensation at financial firms that took money from the $ 700 billion financial rescue plan ?
Well today the Federal Reserve lifted executive - compensation limits for companies that participate in the new Term Asset Backed Securities Loan Facility .
You see , the TALF is basically the government 's bid to fire up the engines of the securitization market by providing cheap credit to anyone who wants to buy bonds based on bundles of student loans , auto loans , credit card loans and Small Business Authority - backed business loans .
“ Executive compensation restrictions are targeted towards ensuring that executives of institutions that receive government support are not unjustly enriched , ” the New York Fed said in a Q&A document on its Web site .
“ Given the goals of the TALF and the desire to encourage market participants to stimulate credit formation and utilize the facility , the restrictions will not be applied to TALF sponsors , underwriters , and borrowers as a result of their participation in the TALF . ”
Basically , this is a bid to get hedge funds and others who did n't get TARP funds to play with TALF dollars .
Many banks are already covered by compensation limits under the TARP because they received capital injections .
But those who did n't get the injections might be hesistant to get into the market if they worried about the compensation limits covering them .
( Hat tip : Bloomberg . )
( CNN ) --
An elderly American man has been released from a Mexican jail more than two months after the grandson he was traveling with was arrested on child pornography charges , a family member said .
Edward Chrisman , left , crosses the Mexican border back into the United States after being freed Saturday .
Edward Chrisman , 88 , and his grandson had traveled to Algodones , Mexico , for discount dental care , as a part of a growing trend known as medical tourism .
Algodones is just across the border from Yuma , Arizona .
The grandson , 40 - year - old Gary Chrisman Jr. , remains in a Mexicali jail awaiting trial , according to his cousin , Tracy Short .
Authorities accuse him of offering a woman money to take nude photos of her teenage daughters .
Child pornography charges can carry a penalty of up to 12 years in prison , according to officials from the Consulate General Tijuana .
In early January , the Chrismans stopped at a convenience store in Mexico and Gary Chrisman went inside to purchase soft drinks .
Edward Chrisman waited in the car , Short said .
The younger Chrisman had been taking pictures of the area that day and , while in the store , approached a woman about snapping some shots of her teenage daughters .
He offered to pay them $ 25 , they agreed , and he took a few pictures of the girls ' faces .
It was at that point , the family says , that the girls ' mother demanded more money from Chrisman and called local authorities alleging that Chrisman had tried taking pornographic pictures of her daughters , after he refused to ante up .
Both men were taken into custody at the time , but the police report does not say why the elder Chrisman was arrested .
The Chrisman family says the men were set up as a ploy for money .
Since early January , the family says , they have paid thousands of dollars to at least three attorneys for legal representation and have reached out to numerous officials and politicians in Mexico and the United States for help .
Edward Chrisman , who lives in Arlington , Washington , but was wintering with his grandson in Yuma , Arizona , was released from jail on Saturday and crossed the border back into the United States the same day .
The family says his health had been steadily deteriorating while he was behind bars .
Traveling abroad for health care is a phenomenon known as medical tourism .
Many do it to save money or to get medical care not approved in the United States .
Internationally recognized hospitals in Thailand and Singapore can often perform orthopedic and heart procedures at a fraction of the cost .
Mexico is a popular choice for dental care .
The estimated number of Americans seeking treatment overseas annually varies widely , but starts at a half - million people .
CNN 's Sara Pratley contributed to this report .
All About Mexico • Arizona
MillionMarch said :
Shooting from the hip with this one .
Trying to make it fun , educational , and less structured .
I know nobody important enough to get this to gain traction e.g celebs , politicians ho support MJ reform , etc .
Looking to start off being friendly and showing people that Marijuana User , both recreational and Medicinal , are good citizens solely looking for the same rights as alcohol drinkers .
This includes the righ to produce amounts for personal use within their homes , consuming within their home , and public establishments like a " bar / care " where one can legally smoke .
I need more traction and assistance , still organizing this last minute with little help and not many are taking this seriously .
Click to expand ...
( CNET ) -- Just because the Internet has broken down geographic barriers , do n't assume that Google does n't care about geography .
With Google 's new Latitude software , cell phone users can share their locations with others .
The company plans to launch software called Latitude on Wednesday that lets mobile phone users share their location with close contacts .
Google hopes it will help people find each other while out and about and to keep track of loved ones .
" What Google Latitude does is allow you to share that location with friends and family members , and likewise be able to see friends and family members ' locations , " said Steve Lee , product manager for Google Latitude .
For example , a girlfriend could use it to see if her boyfriend has arrived at a restaurant and , if not , how far away he is .
To protect privacy , Google specifically requires people to sign up for the service .
People can share their precise location , the city they 're in , or nothing at all .
" What we found in testing is that the most common scenario is a symmetrical arrangement , where both people are sharing with each other , " Lee said .
The software spotlights Google 's fixation with mapping and location technology .
Location is an important part of navigating the real world , and Google clearly sees its geographic services as a way to establish a more personal connection with customers who today use Google chiefly for the virtual realm of the Internet .
And of course money is involved , too : Google hopes its mapping technology will lead to location - based advertising revenue .
Google 's power is firmly lodged in search and search advertising , but the company is trying to expand to broader online services , too .
That includes online documents and various aspects of social networking , which are much more personal services and ones that put Google into more direct competition with rivals such as Microsoft , Facebook , and Yahoo .
Like using Google profiles to contact information with select contacts , using Google Latitude tells Google who 's who in your social graph .
How it works
Latitude is part of Google Maps for Mobile , the company 's mapping software for mobile phones , but also can be used through a gadget loaded onto its iGoogle customized home page .
It 'll work in 27 countries at launch , Google said .
Initially , it will work on most color - screen BlackBerry phones , most phones with Windows Mobile 5.0 or later , and most Symbian - based devices such as Nokia smartphones .
An update to the Google Android operating system now being distributed to the T - Mobile G1 phone also enables it , and iPhone and iPod Touch users will get the option " very soon , " Lee said .
Latitude uses Google 's technology to judge a user 's location not just by GPS satellite , but also by proximity to mobile phone towers and wireless networks .
That 's a much more automated approach than the manual " check - in " process used by Dodgeball , a service that Google decided in January to shut down .
Other competitors exist , though .
BrightKite and Loopt offer mechanisms for people to find each other by mobile phone , for example .
Then there 's MobiFriends , Tripit , and Dopplr .
And Google 's clearest competitor , Yahoo , offers some competition with Fire Eagle .
That service does n't provide location information , but it does provide a mechanism to centralize people 's geographic privacy choices , in effect taking care of some of the social graph management when it comes to location information .
To use the service , you need a Google account to record who has permission to see your location .
For choosing who gets to see your location , you can use contacts stored with Gmail or Picasa , Google said .
The white lie
With the service , you can hide from specific people or disappear altogether .
And you can manually set a specific location if , for example , your phone can't show it with sufficient precision or if you wish to tell someone a white lie about whether you really are n't going to go to the candy store .
Google envisions two broad classes of people with whom you might want to share location information .
First is a small , close - knit circle of friends and family with whom you 're willing to share your exact spot .
Second is a larger group with whom you 're happy to share city - level detail , convenient for finding out when somebody 's in town but not much more .
When somebody is close , the software lets you contact the person various ways -- by calling or sending an e-mail or text message , for example .
It also lets you hide from that specific person .
Privacy is of course a significant concern when it comes to sharing this sort of information .
If you want to use Latitude , you must specifically enable the service .
Meeting your pals at a bar is an obvious example of the software 's possibilities , but there are softer cases I see as useful , too .
Lee pointed to a case where a friend 's girlfriend , though far away in Seattle , will " virtually place herself next to him . "
That sounds a little sappy for my tastes , but I can still relate .
My wife is on the other side of the country right now , and it would be heart - warming to see just where .
iReport.com : Share your thoughts on Google Latitude
There are a lot of occasions where technology is better for maintaining relationships than it is for establishing them , and this looks like one to me .
© 2009 CBS Interactive Inc .
All rights reserved .
CNET , CNET.com and the CNET logo are registered trademarks of CBS Interactive Inc .
Used by permission .
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Formula 1's world champion in 2009 will be the driver with the most wins during the season , the FIA said on Tuesday .
The governing body also announced that it had rejected a proposal by the Formula One Teams ' Association to change the current system .
The proposal had been sent by FOTA to the FIA earlier this year .
The FIA announced the current 10 - 8- 6-5-4-3- 2 - 1 system will stay in place , but confirmed the world champion will be the driver who wins the most races in a season .
The points system will be used for the remaining championship positions and in case two or more drivers win the same amount of races during a year .
The Constructors ' Championship remains unaffected by the changes .
" The WMSC accepted the proposal from Formula One Management to award the drivers ' championship to the driver who has won the most races during the season , " said the FIA in a statement .
" If two or more drivers finish the season with the same number of wins , the title will be awarded to the driver with the most points , the allocation of points being based on the current 10 , 8 , 6 etc. system .
" The rest of the standings , from second to last place , will be decided by the current points system .
There is no provision to award medals for first , second or third place .
The Constructors ' Championship is unaffected .
" The WMSC rejected the alternative proposal from the Formula One Teams ' Association to change the points awarded to drivers finishing in first , second and third place to 12 , 9 and 7 points respectively . "
FOTA had called for a points system overhaul after it conducted a survey in which fans asked for a greater gap between the points for first and second places to encourage drivers to go for victory .
" FOTA set out and conducted what has been a unique survey , " said McLaren team principal Martin Whitmarsh earlier this month .
" That audience survey told us that they wanted greater differentiation for winning and FOTA then considered a broad range of alternatives .
" Inevitably there is a balance to be struck on everything that you do .
If you have a very large differentiation between first , second and third it is easy to envisage and to model that seasons may end sooner because championships will be determined sooner .
" And if we reflect on the last two championships they have been quite exciting climaxes and one would say on the face of it why would we want to change ?
What we felt within FOTA was having conducted a very thorough survey of audience views and advice we should n't ignore it .
" There were people who felt status quo was the best thing but I think what swung it was the opinion of the audience .
We , as FOTA , have unanimously agreed that is what we want to see introduced this year .
We now have to work with the commercial rights holder and with the FIA and seek their endorsement of that proposal . "
When the idea for Ecclestone 's medals system was aired earlier this year , the FIA produced a document detailing research it had conducted about the impact the concept would have on F1 .
It suggested that there would have been 13 occasions when the world title would have been won by a different driver - although the most recent two occasions would have been last year , when Felipe Massa would have won , and in 1989 - when Ayrton Senna , not Alain Prost would have been champion .
Details of the document can be found here .
Im having a bonfire for my 15th and it's just going to be really chill and legit
how do i spread the word ?
The new administration ’s position had been the subject of wide speculation before a court deadline Friday for the administration to tell federal judges what definition it believes the courts should use in the habeas corpus cases reviewing detainees ’ cases .
Some detainees ’ lawyers had hoped for a much narrower definition , perhaps one that would have eliminated simply “ supporting ” the Taliban or Al Qaeda as a ground for detention .
Such a change , some of the detainees ’ lawyers had predicted , could have undercut the government ’s justification for holding as many as half of the remaining prisoners , including jihadists captured in Afghanistan who never fought the United States and others who the government has indicated may have had only tangential ties to Al Qaeda or the Taliban .
The new definition did add a requirement that to justify detention a detainee would have to have “ substantially supported ” Al Qaeda , the Taliban or forces associated with them .
But the administration did not define “ substantial , ” and the detainees ’ lawyers said they doubted that the change would help many of their clients .
The filing , which was made in some 40 habeas corpus cases of detainees ’ challenging their imprisonment , is expected to be the government ’s position in more than 200 such cases and to govern a separate review of all cases outside of court that has been ordered by President Obama .
Some critics of Guantánamo said that Friday ’s filing fitted a pattern of recent moves by the administration that seemed intended to undercut continued criticism of Guantánamo but did not make significant changes in detention policy .
They noted that after Attorney General Eric H. Holder Jr. visited the detention camp last month , he proclaimed it “ well run . ”
They said they had been stung as well by a Pentagon report commissioned by the new administration that said last month that the detention camp on the naval base at Guantánamo Bay meets the humane - treatment requirements of the Geneva conventions .
Ramzi Kassem , a detainees ’ lawyer who teaches at Yale Law School , said Friday that the new administration had yet to deal effectively either with efforts to release many of the detainees or to improve the conditions at the camp .
We are living through a crisis which , from the collapse of Northern Rock and the first intimations of the credit crunch , nobody has been able to understand , let alone grasp its potential ramifications .
Each attempt to deal with the crisis has rapidly been consumed by an irresistible and ever - worsening reality .
So it was with Northern Rock .
So it was with the attempt to recapitalise the banks .
And so it will be with the latest gamut of measures .
The British government – like every other government – is perpetually on the back foot , constantly running to catch up .
There are two reasons .
First , the underlying scale of the crisis is so great and so unfamiliar – and , furthermore , often concealed within the balance sheets of the banks and other financial institutions .
Second , the crisis has undermined all the ideological assumptions that have underpinned government policy and political discourse over the past 30 years .
As a result , the political and business elite are flying blind .
This is the mother of all postwar crises , which has barely started and remains out of control .
Its end – the timing and the complexion – is unknown .
Crises that change the course of history and transform political assumptions are rare events .
The last came in the second half of the 1970s , triggered by the Opec oil price spike and a dramatic rise in inflation , which marked the end of the long postwar boom .
Its political consequences were far - reaching : the closure of the social democratic era , the rise of neoliberalism , the discrediting of the state , the embrace of the market , the undermining of the public ethos and the espousal of rampant individualism .
For the next 30 years , neoliberalism - the belief in the market rather then the state , the individual rather than the social - exercised a hegemonic influence over British politics , with the creation of New Labour signalling an abject surrender to the new orthodoxy .
The modalities of this present crisis are entirely different .
Extreme as they may have appeared to be at the time , the economic travails of the 1970s were progressive rather than cataclysmic .
The old system did not hit the wall , but became increasingly mired and ineffectual .
What swept the social democratic era away was not the force de frappe of an irresistible crisis but that it was accompanied by the steady rise of a new ideology and political force in Thatcherism - and Reaganism in the United States - and its victory in the 1979 general election .
In contrast , the financial meltdown of 2007 - 2008 demolished the neoliberal era and its assumptions with a suddenness and irresistibility that was breathtaking .
The political class , from New Labour to the Conservatives , is standing naked .
They are still clinging to the wreckage of their old ideas while acknowledging in the next breath that these no longer work .
The financial crisis is a matter of force majeure ; political ideas and discourse change much more slowly , even when it is obvious that the old ways of thinking have become obsolete .
Meanwhile , there is no political alternative waiting in the wings , refining its radical ideas in think tanks ready to storm the citadels of power as there was in the 1970s , notwithstanding the fact that think tanks are now far thicker on the ground .
Instead , it has been the mainstream which senses that neoliberalism no longer works , fatally undermined by events and , ultimately , the author of its own downfall .
This crisis will have the most profound and far - reaching political consequences and will in due course transform the political landscape , but it remains entirely unclear in what ways and when that might be .
In all these senses the financial meltdown has far more in common with the Great Depression than the Great Inflation .
When the financial crisis consumed Wall Street in 1929 and proceeded to undermine the real economy , engulfing Europe in the process , it was not accompanied by a radical shift towards Keynesianism , but rather a reassertion of sound finance orthodoxy , followed in due course by the adoption of protectionism .
The political mainstream as represented by Labour 's Ramsay MacDonald and Philip Snowden and the Conservative Stanley Baldwin all sang from the same hymn sheet .
Only Keynes and a faction of the Liberal Party enunciated a plausible alternative .
Eventually a programme of fiscal deficits and public works was pursued by Franklin D Roosevelt in the United States , but in Britain Keynesianism was not properly embraced until rearmament and the approach of war .
Indeed , it was not until 1945 that the combined legacy of war and the Depression belatedly resulted in a fundamental political realignment and the birth of the social democratic era .
The Grim Reaper has finally spoken : a boom pumped up by credit steroids and a bust that takes us back to the 1930s
Since the financial meltdown dramatically intensified in September 2008 , Gordon Brown has managed to ride the economic storm rather more successfully than the Conservatives , or , for that matter , than Tony Blair would have done .
It is Vincent Cable , the Liberal Democrats ' econo­mics spokesman , however , who has indubitably emerged as the political sage , unafraid of confronting neoliberalism 's shibboleths , demonstrating a clarity of mind and the political courage to tell things as they are , in a way that has escaped all other prominent politicians .
Although Brown was the economic architect of the past decade and was responsible , more than anyone else , for its excesses and was shaping up to be a rather disastrous Prime Minister , he displayed last autumn , at least initially , an agility of mind and nimbleness of foot that defied the expectations of those who believed he was capable of neither .
He revelled in the sense of purpose and vision offered by the crisis , seemingly prepared to jettison the thinking that had imbued his previous decade as chancellor .
But Package Part I , widely hailed at the time and imitated elsewhere , proved woefully inadequate , and the financial system remains frozen .
Meanwhile the waters are rising up the Good Ship UK , threatening to transform the banking crisis into a fiscal and currency crisis .
It seems unlikely that , if that should happen , Brown will survive the next election .
Even if it does not happen , Brown faces a serious problem about his own past role , because Britain ’s crisis has been greatly exacerbated by the soft - touch regulation , easy credit , runaway house inflation and overexpansion of financial services over which he presided and for which he is accountable .
So far he has refused to admit or accept responsibility for his actions – he initially had the temerity ( or foolhardiness ) to argue that the UK was better placed than other countries to deal with the credit crunch , even though it has become abundantly clear since that the very opposite was the case .
So while Brown remains in denial , the plausibility of his new turn , and his understanding of what is entailed , must be seriously doubted .
Indeed , after its initial boldness , the government now seems trapped by its past actions and its former ways of thinking .
Brown 's failure to accept the need to nationalise the banks suggests the limits of his new - found political courage , and his inability to embrace the logic and imperatives of the new situation .
He is still a prisoner of his old timidity and his conversion to the neoliberal cause .
It is his good fortune that the Cameron Conservatives have been hugely wanting in their response to the financial meltdown .
Having spent his first years as leader of the opposition seeking to reassure the country of his centrist credentials , David Cameron , at the first whiff of gunfire , has turned on his heels , rejected Keynesianism and , at the very moment when events have shown
Thatcherism to be deeply flawed and historically out of time , headed back to the Thatcherite womb of sound finance , arguing that a government must balance its books and that deficit financing , Keynesian - style , is reckless and irresponsible .
But all this , it must be said , is the small change of politics .
The crisis threatens in time to sweep away the political world as we know it and those who fail to grasp its magnitude and meaning .
Far more is at stake than the fortunes of a few leaders , be their name Brown or Cameron .
Who knows where things will be this time next month , let alone next year or , indeed , in 2012 ?
The financial meltdown now rapidly plunging the western world into what increasingly looks like a depression is the first great crisis of globalisation .
There was plenty of warning .
The Asian financial crisis of 1997 - 98 proved a salutary lesson about the dangers posed by huge capital movements that were subject to precious little regulatory control .
Three economies capsized ( South Korea , Thailand and Indonesia ) and others stood on the brink .
There were other earlier warning signs , notably Mexico in 1995 , when GDP fell by 9 per cent and industrial production by 15 per cent , following a run on the peso .
These crises were blamed on the immaturity and fecklessness of national governments - in the case of east Asia on so - called crony capitalism ( which , incidentally , prompts the question of how we should describe Anglo - American capitalism ) - which the International Monetary Fund obliged to engage in swingeing cuts in public expenditure as a condition of their bailouts .
Yet what if such a crisis were to be no longer confined to the peripheries of global capitalism but instead struck at its heartlands ?
Now we know the answer .
The crisis has enveloped the whole world like an uncontrollable virus , spreading from the US and within a handful of months assuming global proportions , at the same time mutating with frightening speed from a financial crisis into a fully fledged economic crisis .
In so doing , it has undermined the foundations on which the present era of globalisation has been built , namely scant regulation , the free movement of capital , a bloated financial sector and immense reward for greed , thereby bringing into question the survival of globalisation as we now know it .
Enormous international flows of unregulated capital have capsized the international financial system - with disastrous consequences for the real economy - in a manner akin to the effect of a roll - on , roll - off ferry shipping too much water .
We can now see the cost of free - market capitalism and light - touch regulation .
Iceland may provide an extreme example of the consequences of the credit crunch but it also illustrates the dangers facing the more vulnerable economies , the UK included , in a deregulated world where the market rules : a small , open economy ; a large , internationally exposed banking sector ; an independent currency that is not a serious global reserve currency ( of which there are only three ) ; and limited fiscal strength .
These propositions have constituted the core economic beliefs - from Thatcher and Lawson to Blair and Brown - that have informed policymaking over the past three decades and without which , it was claimed ad nauseam , an economy could not succeed .
Heavy - handed regulation and an overbearing state would serve only to frighten off capital and condemn a country to slow growth , stagnation and global marginality .
Now we know the fallaciousness of these claims and the consequences of " letting the market decide " .
Like Iceland , albeit not as extremely , Britain has been living in a fool 's paradise .
A failure to regulate the banks and other financial institutions in any meaningful fashion allowed bankers to behave in a grossly irresponsible and avaricious fashion ; a boom that was made possible only by a government - enabled credit binge in which people borrowed recklessly ; a bloated financial sector that grew to represent over 8 per cent of the total economy and which was found to have been built on foundations of sand ; an overvalued currency that made manufacturing exports uncompetitive and thereby resulted in an unnecessary and counterproductive contraction in the manufacturing sector which must now be reversed ; an absurd belief that boom and bust had been banished for ever , allowing the banks to turn a blind eye to the inflating of various asset bubbles and display a profound ignorance of the history of capitalism ; a persistently chronic current account deficit that can no longer be compensated for by inward capital flows ; monstrous salaries for those at the top of the financial and corporate tree , which were justified in terms of a trickle - down effect that remained a chimera , and as the reward for risk which was , in fact , a reward for greed and failure ; growing inequality , which was justified in the name of a more competitive economy accompanied by declining social mobility in the cause of an open and flexible labour market ; and , finally , the mushrooming of what can only be described as systemic corruption on a mega - scale as the state ignored the gargantuan abuses of those who ran the banks and other financial institutions , while regulatory authorities willingly colluded in their excesses .
This is the sad story of the New Labour era .
The ultimate cost of this debacle as yet remains unknown .
What began as a financial crisis is threatening , as the government seeks to bail out a bankrupt financial sector , to become a currency crisis , with foreign investors concerned about the effects this might have on the value of sterling , and perhaps even worse , ultimately a sovereign debt crisis , with growing doubts about the UK ’s financial viability .
Until there is some end in sight to the financial crisis , and a line can be drawn under the banks ’ indebtedness , we will not know the answer to these questions .
One thing is clear , however : whatever the limitations of the social democratic era , it was never responsible for such an all - enveloping and cataclysmic crisis as the one that the neoliberal era – and the Thatcherites and New Labour – have managed to produce .
After all the boasting about the virtues of the Anglo - American model of capitalism , the Grim Reaper has finally spoken : a boom pumped up by credit steroids and a bust that takes us back to the 1930s .
There are two key aspects to this crisis : national and global , with the latter promising to be rather solutions are concerned , we are in uncharted territory , with close to zero interest rates , a Keynesian - style fiscal boost that may prove inadequate to the task and could well fail , a hugely indebted financial sector that threatens to leave us with an enormous future tax burden and a greatly expanded national debt .
All of this , furthermore , must be addressed in the context of an open - market regime which is very different from those of previous eras , and which could render Keynesian - style national solutions ineffectual .
What would greatly assist any national recovery is a co-ordinated global response to the crisis ; in other words , global co-operation at the highest level .
This can not be ruled out , but it would be a brave person that would bet on it .
It was exactly the lack of international co-operation that bedevilled recovery in the 1930s and eventually led to the Balkanisation of the world into regional currency and trading blocs .
The most important single question in this context is the relationship between the US and China .
Will the Obama administration be able to resist the slippery slope of creeping protectionism ?
Will arguments over the revaluation of the Chinese renminbi be resolved amicably ?
If the answer is in the negative , then the global outlook will be very bleak indeed and so , also , as a result , will be the prognosis for national recoveries .
Indeed , the prospects would look disturbingly like those of the 1930s , with growing international antagonism and friction and a continuingly intractable crisis at a national level , with only the very slowest of recoveries .
Around the world there is growing evidence by the week of a resort to national solutions at the expense of others : measures to subsidise industries that are in severe difficulties ; the Buy American clause that was inserted by the House of Representatives into Barack Obama 's latest package ( though since weakened ) ; the industrial action in Britain against foreign workers ; the withdrawal of banks to their national homes ; the attack by Timothy Geithner , the US treasury secretary , on China as a currency manipulator .
No Rubicon has been crossed but the warning signs are clear .
A retreat into protectionism and beggar - thy - neighbour policies will deliver the world into a second Great Depression .
So what will be the political effects of the financial meltdown ?
Some are already evident .
Just as the Great Inflation of the 1970s played to the tunes and concerns of the right , with its invocation of the market , the New Depression suggests the opposite , the inherent limitations of the market and the indispensability of the state .
Indeed , the speed with which the neoliberal refrains and invocations have unravelled has been breathtaking .
The single most discredited aspect of the social democratic legacy was nationalisation , and yet the government , with the most extreme reluctance , has been obliged to nationalise Northern Rock and partially nationalise the Royal Bank of Scotland and the merged Lloyds TSB and HBOS .
Who would have ever imagined , at any point during the past 30 years , that no less than the financial commanding heights of neoliberalism would have ended up in the hands of the state , with precious little opposition from anyone except a few disgruntled shareholders ?
Even now , however , the Labour government , still trapped in the ideological straitjacket of New Labour and displaying extreme timidity in the face of powerful vested interests , which has always been a New Labour characteristic , is running scared of the inevitable logic of the situation , namely that all the high - street banks should be taken into public hands until the mess is sorted out .
Anything else leaves the public responsible for all the debts and risks , while the banks continue to be answerable to the very different interests of their shareholders .
But such is the fury and depth of the crisis that this scenario is highly likely .
The state is experiencing an extraordinary revival .
The credit crunch is the most catastrophic example of market failure since 1945 .
It became almost immediately obvious to wide sections of society that there was only one institution that could potentially sort out the mess : the state .
Far from being a rational distributor of resources , the market had proved the opposite .
Far from bankers and financial traders embodying the public interest , they have been exposed as irresponsible and dangerous risk - takers whose primary motivation was voracious greed .
If trade unionists and the nationalised industries were the demons of the 1970s , bankers and the financial sector have assumed the mantle of public enemy number one in the late Noughties .
In fact , the irresponsibility of bankers , and the damage they have inflicted on the economy , hugely exceeds anything that the unions could possibly be held responsible for in an earlier era .
Meanwhile , the fallen heroes of the pre-Thatcher era , most notably Keynes , are duly being exhumed , restored to their rightful position , and pored over for their ability to throw light on the present impasse and what might be done ; if the recession turns into a depression , Marx will once again become required reading .
This political shift is not just a British phenomenon , but a more general western one .
The most striking feature of President Obama 's inaugural speech was the way in which it embraced and legitimised African Americans for the first time in American history .
But it also had another powerful theme , namely its invocation of the public interest and public service .
After decades during which American political discourse has been dominated by the language of individualism and the market , it came as a shock to hear a US president articulate a very different kind of philosophy , renouncing private greed in favour of the public good .
Obama 's election can in part be seen as a response to the failure of the neoliberal era , as well as of Bush 's neoconservative agenda ; certainly his election represents a remarkable shift to the left in US politics , in contrast not just to Bush , but every recent US president , including Reagan , Bush Sr and Clinton .
That Obama is the first African - American president also represents a remarkable redrawing of the political landscape .
There is no more powerful - nor difficult - way of redefining society or to embrace a new form of representivity than to include a racial minority that has been excluded .
This brings us finally to what might be the longer - term global consequences of the crisis .
Again , we are inevitably stumbling around in the dark because so much depends on whether the recession metamorphoses into a fully fledged depression and in what way and shape the world eventually emerges from the debacle .
That said , two key points can be made .
First , the credit crunch signals the demise of the Anglo - American , neoliberal model of capitalism , which has exercised a hegemonic influence over western capitalism and been the blueprint for globalisation since 1980 .
Because of its catastrophic failure there seems very little chance of its resurrection .
The process of recovery - whenever that might be - will be accompanied by an overriding concern to ensure that the events of 2007 - 2009 are not repeated in the future , just as happened in the US in the 1930s with the strict regulatory framework that was introduced for the banks after their comprehensive failure in 1929 .
This will include the search for a new global regulatory framework that controls and constrains international movements of capital , as well as strict controls over the financial sector at a national level .
A new set of political priorities - and with it a new political language - will be born .
Meanwhile , the influence and prestige that the US , and to a far lesser extent Britain , have enjoyed will vaporise in the same manner as their neoliberal model .
Their 30 - year project has failed and they will be obliged to pay the price in their reputation and the esteem in which they are held .
The countries of the former Soviet Union and the casualties of the Asian financial crisis that were forced to swallow the neoliberal medicine will have good reason to feel aggrieved and resentful .
The west has been forthright in accusing the non-western world of corruption .
The financial meltdown suggests that the west has been guilty of huge hypocrisy .
Systemic corruption has lain at the heart of the western financial system .
An entirely disproportionate and extortionate level of bonuses has ensured the enormous enrichment of top executives in the financial sector , all in the name of reward for success , when in fact it was the reward for failure .
In addition , we have had the collusion of the credit - ratings agencies ; a regulatory system characterised by its failure to act as any kind of constraint ; and governments that ensured the continuation of this web of relationships and applauded its achievements .
The corruption was on a breathtaking scale as evidenced by the size of the bailouts required to rescue the banks .
It will be difficult for western governments to make these kinds of accusations of others in the future .
That Obama represents such a voice of hope will help to mitigate the inevitable ill - will towards the US , but this should not be exaggerated amid the euphoria surrounding developments in Washington .
The second point is more far - reaching .
It is doubtful whether we can still describe ourselves as living in the American era or , indeed , the Age of the West .
If not yet quite over , both are certainly drawing to a close , and it seems likely that the effect of the financial meltdown will be to accelerate the rise of China as a global power .
The contrast between the situation in China and that in the US could hardly be greater , even though it has been partially obscured by the depressive effect of the western recession on Chinese exports and on China ’s growth rate .
While the US economy is contracting , China ’s grew at roughly 9 per cent in 2008 and is projected to grow at about 6 per cent in 2009 .
Its banks , far from bankrupt like their US counterparts , are cash - rich .
China enjoys a large current account surplus , the government ’s finances are in good order and the national debt is small .
This is a crisis that emanates from the US and whose impact on China has been essentially indirect , through the contraction of western markets .
It is the American model that has failed , not the Chinese .
One of the factors that intensified the Great Depression , and indeed was part cause of it , was Britain 's growing inability to continue in its role as the world 's leading financial power , which culminated in the collapse of the gold standard in 1931 .
It was not until after the war , however , that the US became sufficiently dominant to replace Britain and act as the mainstay of a new financial system at the heart of which was the dollar .
The same kind of problem is evident now : the US is no longer strong enough to act as the world 's financial centre , but its obvious successor , namely China , is not yet ready to assume that mantle .
This will undoubtedly make the search for a global solution to the present crisis more difficult and more protracted .
Martin Jacques 's new column will be published fortnightly in the New Statesman .
His book " When China Rules the World : the Rise of the Middle Kingdom and the End of the Western World " will be published in June ( Allen Lane , £ 25 )
the global downturn in numbers 0.5 % IMF prediction for global growth in 2009 - worst since WWII Up to 40 million Number of people who will lose their jobs this year , according to the International Labour Organisation $ 9.7trn Total pledged by the US alone towards solving the crisis 3.6 % Proportion of GDP pledged by the G7 and BRICs countries towards fixing the crisis ( 1.5 % this year ) 2.3 m
Number of US properties that received a default notice or were repossessed in 2008 .
In the UK , 45,000 homes were repossessed - another 75,000 are expected to be taken in 2009 14 Number of major global banks which collapsed , were sold or were nationalised during 2008 200,000 Number of European companies expected to fail this year ; an additional 62,000 are expected to fail in the United States .
These figures represent record levels of insolvency 52 % Increase in UK company failures between late 2007 and late 2008 14 % Drop in level of Chinese exports during January 1 % Current UK interest rates ( down from 5 % in October 2008 ) .
In the US , rates have fallen to between 0 and 0.25 %
The Science Museum , one of Britain 's most prestigious public institutions , was embroiled in a row last night after being accused of promoting Israeli universities whose research was used in the country 's military campaign in Gaza .
More than 400 academics , a Nobel laureate and the former chair of the Science Select Committee called on the museum to cancel workshops due to be held this week that promote Israeli scientific achievements to schoolchildren .
The critics plan to picket the event and accused the museum of promoting scientists and universities who are " complicit in the Israeli occupation and in the policies and weaponry recently deployed to such disastrous effect in Gaza " .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Many of the critics were behind a campaign in 2002 to impose an academic boycott on Israel .
That campaign failed but it provoked debate worldwide over whether Israeli academics should be penalised for the actions of their government .
Forty professors are among the signatories who want the workshops cancelled .
They include Jonathan Rosenhead from the London School of Economics , who is leading the protest , Steven Rose from the Open University and the architect and historian Charles Jencks .
The Zionist Federation is running the " educational seminars " at the Manchester Museum of Science and Industry today and at the Science Museum on Thursday .
The federation 's chair , Andrew Balcombe , said that they were purely educational and non-political .
" We are proud to be running an event like this .
It 's an educational event , not a political one in any way , shape or form .
It 's merely to inform people of the contribution that Israel has made to science and technology ...
I 'm not aware of any connection between defence and university research , and none that is stronger than in any other countries . "
Ian Gibson MP , the former chairman of the House of Commons Science Select Committee , the Booker - shortlisted writer Ahdaf Soueif , the architect Walter Hain , and the Nobel Peace Laureate Mairead Maguire also signed a petition against the workshops .
The British Committee for the Universities of Palestine organised the petition .
The Science Museum said that the event had been planned for nearly a year and " has no political theme " .
A statement added : " Scientists speaking at the event include a marine biologist , a physicist who works on experiments at the Large Hadron Collider at Cern [ Switzerland ] , a nanotechnology expert , a water scientist and a geneticist ...
Having considered the issue very carefully , and while fully respecting the right for everyone to express their views , [ we ] believe that not to proceed with the event would mean taking a political stand , which would be wholly inappropriate . "
The " Israel Day of Science " seminars showcase the work of seven universities for 1,200 largely non-Jewish secondary school pupils .
The museums said that they were not co-hosting or sponsoring the events but had rented their corporate space to the federation .
Professor Rosenhead said that it did not exonerate them from blame .
" If Robert Mugabe wanted to hire out these museums ' spaces for a corporate event , we know what they would say . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
He said that a host of evidence suggested a sinister link between Israel 's scientists and defence policies .
The most recent annual review of Tel Aviv University ( TAU ) , he said , stated that " the Israeli Ministry of Defence is currently funding 55 projects at TAU " , which " is playing a major role in enhancing Israel 's security capabilities and military edge " .
The head of TAU 's strategic studies , he added , is a serving major - general .
The connections between these universities and defence was " very acute " he added .
Ms Soueif , meanwhile , believed the Science Museum 's reputation would suffer as a result .
The Museum attracts an average of 2.5 million visitors every year , with 36 per cent aged 16 or under .
The museum attracts more than 300,000 pre-booked school children – more than any comparable attraction in the UK and more than the nearby Natural History Museum and the British Museum combined .
It was founded in 1857 with profits from the Great Exhibition of 1851 and is renowned today for its historic collections and exhibitions .
" [ The museum ] gives its seal of approval to events that are held on its premises .
Should the Science Museum give its imprimatur to Israel so soon after what Israel has done in Gaza ?
[ So ] should it , moreover , specifically allow its name and reputation to be used to give kudos to Israeli institutions directly involved with Israeli military like , for example , Tel Aviv University ?
It can no longer be seen as an institution of integrity , " Ms Soueif said .
Jim Al - Khalili , a professor of physics at Surrey University and a television broadcaster , said that he was perturbed by the " insensitive timing " of the events , which come " at a time now when government can best rebuild the devastation of Gaza . "
Dr Gibson , the Labour MP for Norwich North , said that science could not be divorced from politics to some extent , and none more so than in the Middle East .
" Science is not neutral .
It is part of the political process , and very much so in that part of the world , " he said .
" I 'm ashamed that the Science Museum has become associated with this issue . "
He said that the extensive research into defence could instead be ploughed into medical research , to help serve the injured in Gaza .
Professor Rose , who specialises in biology at the Open University , said that it would serve to alienate Muslim schoolchildren and " potentially turn them off science " .
" What is clear is the scientific enterprise of Israel is heavily directed towards it own military and economic survival , " he said .
Hillel Shuval , Professor Emeritus of environmental sciences at the Hebrew University in Jerusalem , accused the protesters of " bigotry and racism " .
He said : " I would ask why the people promoting this do not boycott American academics when America has been involved in far more violent action in Afghanistan and Iraq , or the British , who have been involved in violent actions in many parts of the world .
" Academic boycotts are promoted by people who know nothing about academic freedom , a basic tenet of which is that all people of all nations should be able to co-operate freely in the exchange of ideas . "
BBC Radio 4 ’s eclectic sociology programme Thinking Allowed recently had a fascinating discussion on how drug users learn to experience the effects of a substance and how society has an influence on the personal drug experience .
We tend to assume that drugs have fairly fixed effects but sociology has a long history of studying how users learn to manage and steer the effects of particular drugs .
The programme touches on Becker ’s classic study [ pdf ]
‘ Becoming a Marihuana User ’ where he charted the informal social initiation into dope smoking in 1960s America .
Importantly , it was n’t just the rituals that accompanied the smoking that were socially acquired , but also knowledge about what ‘ counted ’ as the enjoyable aspects of the drug , how to steer the effects and so on .
This is known to be particularly important for psychedelic drugs , with the so - called set and setting having a big influence over the likelihood of having an enjoyable trip .
However , the same applies to drugs such as alcohol , where the effects of having a drink varies between cultures , largely ascribed to the beliefs each culture instils about what are the likely and permissible effects of drunkenness .
This was tackled in another sociological classic , David Mandelbaum ’s 1965 paper ‘ Alcohol and culture ’ where he described the different effects of alcohol in cultures around the world .
However , if you ’re looking for a punchy overview of the field , the Social Issues Research Centre has a great page on the social and cultural aspects of drinking which I highly recommend .
These situation or culture specific effects have been tackled on the cognitive and neural level , but unfortunately I can’t access one of the key papers in the field [ update : pdf ] , although the abstract has the main punchline :
In situations involving inter-neuronal events , these processes of adjustment may take the form of learned modifications that can be re-evoked on future occasions by events that co-occurred at the time of the original modifications .
Sensitization , defined as the enhancement of a directly elicited drug effect , though adaptive , appears to represent facilitation within a system , making the effect easier to elicit on future occasions .
Like tolerance , sensitization of a drug effect can become linked to the events that co-occurred when the effect was originally elicited , making it possible for sensitization to come under selective event control .
In other words , the article argues that learned associations have an effect on the overall experience of repeat drug taking .
Of course culture can create learned associations , but changing the context can also mean certain associations are no longer triggered , leaving a great deal of room for situation specific effects .
UPDATE : Thanks to commenter dangermusic for finding a copy of the ‘ key paper ’ noted above .
I ’ve added a link into the text above or you can just grab it here as a pdf .
Link to Thinking Allowed on the sociology of drug effects .
pdf of ‘ Becoming a Marihuana User ’ .
Link to excellent SIRC page on ‘ Social and Cultural Aspects of Drinking ’ .
Cast of Characters
Gupta Steps Aside
Updated 7 : 24 p.m .
By Michael D. Shear and Howard Kurtz
Sanjay Gupta , CNN 's chief medical correspondent , has told network officials will not leave his television career to become the U.S. Surgeon General , according to sources familiar with his decision .
Gupta , who had been described as the leading candidate for the public health post , withdrew his name even as President Obama hosted a health care summit at the White House today that Gupta did not attend .
The decision means that the often low - profile job will not get a mass - media jolt from appointing the well - known television celebrity .
Gupta , a neurosurgeon who continues to practice medicine , has become ubiquitous on CNN , where he hosts a half - hour show called " House Call " and appears on numerous other programs .
Sources confirmed weeks ago that Obama had offered the position to Gupta and that the neurosurgeon intended to leave his network job for the government post .
But no further moves were evident , especially after Obama 's first choice for secretary of health and human services , former senator Tom Daschle , was derailed by tax problems .
Gupta , who was once named one of the " sexiest men alive " by People Magazine , was never officially named to the post and continued to report on CNN .
He did not issue a statement or explain his decision Thursday .
Sources said the medical journalist told CNN executives that he wanted to devote more time to his medical practice and to his duties at the network .
But one source close to him said he was very disheartened by Daschle 's fate and fearful he was not going to get a prominent role in the health reform process .
Gupta has built a lucrative media empire that includes appearances on CBS as well as CNN and book deals .
He had expressed concern to friends about the financial impact on his wife and children .
The choice of Gupta as Surgeon General -- the head of the commissioned corps of the U.S. Public Health Service -- was controversial from the start , as critics questioned his qualifications and experience .
Staff writer Ceci Connolly contributed to this report .
Posted at 5:40 PM ET on Mar 5 , 2009 | Category : Cast of Characters
Share This : Technorati | Tag in Del.icio.us | Digg This
Previous :
At Miriam 's Kitchen , Michelle Obama Feeds and Mingles with the Homeless | Next : Radio Gifts Rain Down on Gibbs
Add 44 to Your Site
Get This Widget >>
Be the first to know when there 's a new installment of The Trail .
This widget is easy to add to your Web site , and it will update every time there 's a new entry on The Trail .
Posted by : janjon | March 5 , 2009 9:12 PM
Posted by : Sburbnman | March 5 , 2009 8:41 PM
Posted by : MJEverett13 | March 5 , 2009 8:16 PM
Posted by : SwellLevel5 | March 5 , 2009 8:08 PM
Posted by : sapitos44 | March 5 , 2009 8:00 PM
Posted by : tbahait | March 5 , 2009 8:00 PM
Posted by : HassanAliAl - Hadoodi | March 5 , 2009 7:58 PM
Posted by : Sburbnman | March 5 , 2009 7:56 PM
Posted by : edgar_sousa | March 5 , 2009 7:54 PM
Posted by : angriestdogintheworld | March 5 , 2009 7:49 PM
Posted by : usyankee | March 5 , 2009 7:47 PM
Posted by : imli | March 5 , 2009 7:46 PM
Posted by : 12oreo | March 5 , 2009 7:45 PM
Posted by : earlyblue | March 5 , 2009 7:43 PM
Posted by : gpernot | March 5 , 2009 7:31 PM
Posted by : dotellen | March 5 , 2009 7:27 PM
Posted by : cathyjs | March 5 , 2009 7:24 PM
Posted by : FloridaCitizen | March 5 , 2009 7:15 PM
Posted by : bobhobard | March 5 , 2009 7:12 PM
Posted by : bobhobard | March 5 , 2009 7:10 PM
Posted by : Bitter_Bill | March 5 , 2009 7:06 PM
Posted by : llrllr | March 5 , 2009 6:55 PM
Posted by : SAINT --- The | March 5 , 2009 6:48 PM
Posted by : whetsell | March 5 , 2009 6:37 PM
Posted by : sawargos | March 5 , 2009 6:35 PM
Posted by : wgmadden | March 5 , 2009 6:35 PM
Posted by : richtrev | March 5 , 2009 6:34 PM
Posted by : jribble1 | March 5 , 2009 6:24 PM
Posted by : Emma3 | March 5 , 2009 6:21 PM
Posted by : IvanSWhite | March 5 , 2009 6:19 PM
Posted by : Emma3 | March 5 , 2009 6:19 PM
Posted by : thewrittenword | March 5 , 2009 6:17 PM
Posted by : stephen6 | March 5 , 2009 6:17 PM
Posted by : thevoodoodoll | March 5 , 2009 6:12 PM
Posted by : sapitos44 | March 5 , 2009 6:11 PM
Posted by : sapitos44 | March 5 , 2009 6:10 PM
Posted by : Fiftycaltx | March 5 , 2009 6:10 PM
Posted by : bandsposs | March 5 , 2009 6:07 PM
Posted by : Bitter_Bill | March 5 , 2009 6:07 PM
Posted by : w04equals666 | March 5 , 2009 6:05 PM
Posted by : Dawny_Chambers | March 5 , 2009 6:02 PM
The comments to this entry are closed .
Ellen Wright , via Flickr
A photo from the " It 's Time We Met " campaign , chosen from thousands taken by Met museumgoers .
But most experts agree that providing adequate nutrition to pregnant women and children under 2 years old is crucial  and the Indian program has not homed in on them adequately .
Nor has it succeeded in sufficiently changing child feeding and hygiene practices .
Many women here remain in ill health and are ill fed ; they are prone to giving birth to low - weight babies and tend not to be aware of how best to feed them .
A tour of Jahangirpuri , a slum in this richest of Indian cities , put the challenge on stark display .
Shortly after daybreak , in a rented room along a narrow alley , an all - female crew prepared giant vats of savory rice and lentil porridge .
Purnima Menon , a public health researcher with the International Food Policy Research Institute , was relieved to see it was not just starch ; there were even flecks of carrots thrown in .
The porridge was loaded onto bicycle carts and ferried to nurseries that vet and help at - risk children and their mothers throughout the neighborhood .
Image Children eating at a center in Delhi last December .
Credit ... Ruth Fremson / The New York Times
So far , so good .
Except that at one nursery  known in Hindi as an anganwadi  the teacher was a no - show .
At another , there were no children ; instead , a few adults sauntered up with their lunch pails .
At a third , the nursery worker , Brij Bala , said that 13 children and 13 lactating mothers had already come to claim their servings , and that now she would have to fill the bowls of whoever came along , neighborhood aunties and all .
“ They say , ‘ Give us some more , ’ so we have to , ” Ms. Bala confessed .
“ Otherwise , they will curse us . ”
None of the centers had a working scale to weigh children and to identify the vulnerable ones , a crucial part of the nutrition program .
Most important from Ms. Menon ’s point of view , the nurseries were largely missing the needs of those most at risk : children under 2 , for whom the feeding centers offered a dry ration of flour and ground lentils , containing none of the micronutrients a vulnerable infant needs .
Adobe has released Security Advisory APSA09 - 01 , which describes a buffer overflow vulnerability that occurs when Adobe Reader and Acrobat handle files with specially crafted JBIG2 streams .
This vulnerability could allow a remote attacker to execute arbitrary code .
Adobe Security Advisory APSA09 -01 describes a memory - corruption vulnerability that affects Adobe Reader and Acrobat .
Further details are available in Vulnerability Note VU # 905281 .
An attacker could exploit these vulnerabilities by convincing a user to load a specially crafted Adobe Portable Document Format ( PDF ) file .
Acrobat integrates with popular web browsers , and visiting a website is usually sufficient to cause Acrobat to load PDF content .
Update
Adobe has released updates to address this issue .
Users are encouraged to read Adobe Security Bulletins APSB09 -03 and APSB09 - 04 and update vulnerable versions of Adobe Reader and Acrobat .
Disable JavaScript in Adobe Reader and Acrobat
Disabling Javascript may prevent some exploits from resulting in code execution .
Acrobat JavaScript can be disabled using the Preferences menu ( Edit -> Preferences -> JavaScript and un-check Enable Acrobat JavaScript ) .
Prevent Internet Explorer from automatically opening PDF documents
The installer for Adobe Reader and Acrobat configures Internet Explorer to automatically open PDF files without any user interaction .
This behavior can be reverted to the safer option of prompting the user by importing the following as a .REG file :
Windows Registry Editor Version 5.00
[ HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT\AcroExch.Document .7 ]
" EditFlags " =hex : 00,00,00,00
Hey All just want to say first off that I in no way am attacking any or all religons .
I swore an oath to the constitution and I love all people of every flavor .
After consuming that and after already being heavily schooled in Egyptian pyramid layout I realized that the ancients were really laying out the monuments in order make a map .
A map to a possible star that supported life , and we are quite possibly desendant 's from there , but obviously anything is possible ...
But is it probable that the vatican was linked to egypt ?
I read and saw a movie Ring Of Power NWO ( it 's hours long i am just sourcing ) ANyway this movie links Obelisks to certain areas of the world .
I remembered the vatican had one , but found it has four !!!
VATICAN OBELISKS
So now if you could keep up this is all huge stuff , look at where else theese star maps are laid out on earth and more are being found all the time .
They all point to this one star and the best I thought was the mars link right here ...
Scan down 2/3ds of the page first and see the mars face and pryamids layout , just as all the layouts are on earth exactly !
Then Keep reading !
MARS STAR MAP
This thread should tie up HOURS of reading and even more hours if you watch the Ring Of power Movie I thought was great .
Take note's to google , sources should be like intergrated or bibliogaraphed in my mind ... So now for my Opinion , First off that vatican " KEY " was just amazing , intelligent people though are hording info and I think I know why .
It has to be for control .
I mean I own a Super XBOX Surround sound HD theature !
Can I open any one device and have any understanding of how it works or fix it on my own ?
No of corse , and is it denial or ignorance ?
Deep example I know , but the ones who have the knowledge do not want me to know what is real and not , stereo or religon perhaps .
Now I know that I belive deeply that the universe is so amazing , so beautiful that there must be an Intelligent creator , or an architect I used to love to say till I heard the mason 's allready use that one .
I cant tell you if I will just go black , or if my soul will be owned by heaven or hell , or if I get reincarnated for any number of reasons .
I cant tell you what that is but I know that life has given me so many morale choices and the simple or life death ones I made I must own .
I'm a veteran and I was a squad leader in Iraq .
I ordered Kills and Killed .
I had bullets impact at my feat and I still am shocked that I felt more fear from a cell phone bill that a round from a rifle .
I own a unique perspective and I have come out on top , because I figured out what love was and it was so much better than control , and kill .
I swore an oath the the US constitution and that wells my eyes , because I swear to protect the good people of love and freedom , I fight the ones who control .
Now why is the vatican Hiding secrets in plain sight ?
Why not ?
do we know the fierce life by the blade or the blatant murder and thugery of the past ?
Mabye yes , but our minds just do n't know .
Christ told Judas it was not just his star , it was judas 's star as well .
All humanity has a star that shines for us , and our origins and so much are controlled by the same people of this star .
Just great stuff ,
The mars face and pryamids , compared to stonehengde is the same layout .
No mistake .
This is intelligent .
My eyes opened .
I remembered science class 7th grade .
Pond water in my dish , life swarming on my microscope slide .
If a drop of water is teaming , and the world is teaming , space must be teaming and I see the big picture .
God makes an abunduce of great life , every angle covered .
What I belive god created all this for is to find how much love was transfered .
How much of his people would be like Him ( for sake of saying ) ???
Well I hope some people read up and post back !!!
Semper Fi[edit on 21-3-2009 by Jb0311NY ]
Teenager paints giant phallus on roof of parents ' home
A teenager inspired by an ancient fertility symbol has painted a 60 ft - long phallus on the new roof of his parents £ 1 million house .
Rory McInnes , 18 , decided to give aerial observers an eyeful , with the aid of a tin of white paint , after watching a documentary on Google Earth .
But the imposing member remained a closely - guarded secret for a year before it was ' discovered ' by a helicopter pilot flying over the area , who let his passengers take photos .
Eyeful : 18 - year - old Rory McInnes painted a 60ft phallus on the flat roof of his parents ' home near Hungerford in a bid to get it spotted on Google Earth
Fortunately for Rory , he was already safely on the other side of the world when his parents found out , on a gap - year in Brazil .
His father Andy McInnes at first dismissed the report as a joke .
He told The Sun : ' It 's an April Fool 's joke , right ?
There 's no way there 's a 60ft phallus on top of my house . '
But after ringing around each of his four children , Rory owned up to the painting , reportedly saying : ' Oh , you 've found it then ! '
The new flat roof on the McInnes 's house in Hungerford , Berkshire , had only recently been completed by builders before Rory got out the paint brush .
Painting the enormous member took Rory only half an hour .
Giant member :
The painting is said to be inspired by the Cerne Abbas Giant , right , an Iron Age fertility symbol carved into a chalk hill in Dorset .
Rory McInnes painted his version a year ago , and is likely to have to clean it off when he returns from a gap year in Brazil
The over - sized organ is a copy of the most well - known feature of the Cerne Abbas Giant , an 80ft figure of a naked man which is carved into the side of a chalk hill in Dorset , south - west England .
The club - wielding giant is believed to be an Iron Age fertility symbol which has proven popular with couples hoping to conceive .
But the McInneses are clearly not keen on the idea of their rooftop art acting as a fertility charm .
Rory 's mother , Clare , said : ' We do n't want any more children , so the idea of sleeping under a giant fertility symbol is rather worrying . '
Mr McInnes added : ' When Rory gets home he will be given a scrubbing brush and white spirit and he can go an scrub it off . '
It appears Rory 's original plan to have the giant phallic image recorded has failed - Google Maps currently shows the house in its pristine , un-penised state .
Get Set for a 15 - Year Depression
Our old friend Congressman Ron Paul says we ’re headed into a 15 - year depression .
He ’s probably right .
In the old days , “ panics ” and “ depressions ” ended fairly quickly …at least unemployment tended to be short - term .
There were no elaborate social welfare systems then .
No unemployment compensation .
No food stamps or “ independence ” cards .
People had to make do .
So , when a depression hit , wages fell quickly and people got back to work .
They earned less , but the whole economy would adjust , with lower prices for everything .
There were no bailouts and no stimulus plans , either .
Mistakes were corrected relatively quickly .
Businesses went broke .
Men were “ ruined ” and had to drink themselves to death .
Now , things are better .
If their businesses go broke , they can go on almost as if nothing had happened … as long as they owe money to the right people .
Heck , they might even get a bonus .
On Friday , the Dow dropped 122 points .
What happened to the rally ?
Is it over already ?
We wait to find out .
Oil held steady at the end of the week , having risen over $ 50 to a high for the year .
Oil ’s rise was entirely explained by the sinking dollar – down to $ 1.35 per euro on Friday .
“ Dollar sell - off gathers momentum , ” explained one headline .
“ Gold soars , ” Bloomberg added .
Gold shot up nearly $ 70 an ounce on Thursday .
It took a rest on Friday … but we do n’t think it will take a break from its epic run for long .
But back to the story of the 15 - year depression …
Goldman says it would n’t have lost much money if AIG had been allowed to go broke .
So , do n’t think for a minute that it wanted the government to save AIG just so Goldman could get its $ 20 billion back .
The public and its paid representatives in Washington are up in arms .
Reporters have been following the trail of the hundreds of billions of taxpayers ’ money handed over to Wall Street firms .
They discovered that it went into various silk - lined pockets – notably , those of the aforementioned Goldman Sachs , foreign banks and the bankrupt firms ’ own executives .
The politicians were shocked .
Shocked !
The public was outraged .
Whence cometh this outrage ?
Not from any matter of principle that we ’ve been able to determine .
The taxpayers do n’t mind robbing Peter .
But they do n’t like it when the ill - gotten gains go into someone else .
“ Hey , my name is Paul and I ’ve been out of a job for six months , ” they say .
“ Where ’s MY bonus ? ”
Congress sprang into action last week to set things right .
But rather than give every Tom , Dick and Harry a big bonus , the House proposed a 90 % tax on the AIG bonuses … and urged the states to take the other 10 % .
The whole thing is a dangerous distraction , in our opinion .
The bonus amounts are trivial in comparison to the huge amounts of the bailouts .
And when the pols start taking money away from people our sympathy is with the takee , not the taker .
Besides , it encourages a very bad idea : that politics , rather than a free market , should decide who gets what .
The next thing you know , they ’re going to be telling us which businesses succeed and which fail .
Wait a minute … they ’re already doing that !
Which is why Ron Paul thinks we ’re going to have a depression that lasts longer than most marriages .
When markets are allowed to work , they often make mistakes – especially when government is fixing interest rates .
Periods of growth are punctuated by crises – including sharp breaks in business activity and bouts of ‘ creative destruction . ’
Like forest fires , these episodic conflagrations burn off the dead wood , permitting new growth .
But when government allocates capital and resources , it is almost always a soggy disaster from beginning to end .
The dead wood never gets cleared away .
Instead , it is protected … propped up …leaving the new shoots to struggle in the shade .
Not much growth , in other words .
We repeat : there were only two examples of major depressions in the last century .
Both came after a huge run-up in debt .
And both were met with programs that economists should be ashamed of – bailouts , stimulus , loans , props , safety nets and hooks .
In both cases – the ’30s in the United States and the ’90s in Japan – the depressions continued , on and off , for many years .
WWII brought an end to the first one – 12 years after it began .
The second one continues – nearly 20 years after the crash of the Tokyo stock market .
And now we have a third one … and this time the feds are determined to beat it .
What ’s their strategy ?
More firepower !
What ’s their secret weapon ?
QE , or quantitative easing , which is actual monetary inflation caused by buying debt directly from the government .
Will it work ?
Will Geithner / Bernanke succeed where others failed ?
Will economists finally master depressions … and find a way to get “ creative ” without the destruction ?
Ah…we think we know the answer .
But in the meantime , we ’re enjoying the show …
And now we turn to our friends in Charm City , to see what they have for us today …
“ Commodities ai n’t dead yet ! ” declared Chris Mayer , lending the editorial team at The 5 Min. Forecast a hand .
“ People ask me if the price spike in 2008 was a bubble .
My gut says it was n’t .
Overlay the 1966 -1980 commodity bull market on our own and you see an interesting picture :
“ While the 2008 sell - off was much steeper than what happened in the 1970s , it ’s not out of line with historical experience .
The biggest rally in commodity prices could still be ahead of us .
“ If you go back even further and look at the 1929 crash and its aftermath , you get a similar picture .
Commodities tanked after the crash .
Take corn , for example , which lost nearly 80 % of its value from its peak in 1929 to its low in 1932 .
Yet by ’ 37 , corn put in a new high .
It was 20 % higher than the 1929 peak .
Put another way , the price of corn rose fivefold from the bottom – and this during the Great Depression !
“ Commodities still have legs , especially with the Fed playing loose with the dollar .
The action this past week was just a prelude .
Expect the world of useful commodities to hold value better than the dollar .
Not only the headline - grabbing oil price , but also food prices .
The retail price of food rose about 6 % last year .
I ’d expect we ’ll see food prices – and other commodity prices – rise again this year . ”
The 5 Min Forecast is an executive series e-letter that provides a quick and dirty analysis of daily economic and financial developments – in five minutes or less .
Back to Bill , reporting from merry old England …
What is quantitative easing ?
It is hocus - pocus .
It is a scam .
It is based on the broadest , most obvious lie : that you can create money ‘ out of thin air . ’
Why are the feds – in Britain , Switzerland and the United States – doing it ?
We leave the Swiss to their own peculiar circumstances .
In Britain and America , the feds have pushed central bank lending rates about as far down as they ’ll go .
And both governments have begun the usual sort of bailout efforts .
What else can they do but inflate the money supply ?
Will it work ?
It depends on what you mean .
In a sense , it is already working .
The feds have shown the world that they are serious about inflating their countries ’ money supplies .
Investors have bought gold and sold the dollar and the pound .
If they can inflate the currency , they cause debts denominated in the currency to evaporate .
During the boom phase , Americans and Brits spent money they did n’t have and ran up debts they ca n’t pay .
The economy can’t grow until those debts are reckoned with .
Inflation will reduce them .
Of course , if it gets out of hand , it will destroy the entire world financial system .
*** “ The pump does n’t work … ”
Elizabeth might have been talking about quantitative easing .
As it turned out , she was about to provide another reason why real estate can be such a bad investment .
In Normandy , we have a small farm with about 30 cows .
A pump pulls water from a spring and runs it out to the watering troughs .
But the pump overheated and burned up .
This happened in October .
So , a plumber was called .
He installed a new pump .
That one burned up too .
Elizabeth tells the rest of the story :
“ I was losing confidence in the plumber .
But what did I know ?
Then , he put in another pump in December , and that one froze .
That was not his fault , he said , because we had not insulated the pump house …so I had to buy another pump .
Well , after about a month that one froze too , even after he had supposedly insulated around it .
“ And then , when they stopped freezing , they began burning up again .
That pump house must be like the moon .
It is either way too hot or way too cold .
I told him that I was going to look for another plumber .
We ’ve got to have water for the cattle .
When the pump is n’t working , poor Nicholas has to go around with a big tank of water behind the tractor and fill all the troughs himself .
And he told me that if we do n’t get this water problem fixed soon , he was going to quit .
I think he ’s just about had enough .
So , I was going to switch to another plumber , but this fellow insisted he knew what he was doing so he came and installed yet another pump last week .
Nicholas looked at it and told me that it would n’t work .
It was apparently a submersible pump .
It was supposed to go down in the well .
So , naturally , without the water around it to keep it cool , it burned up immediately .
“ I asked Nicholas about the plumber .
He said he knew Mr. Thierry .
Apparently , he inherited the business from his father .
But Nicolas told me his father was not really a plumber .
He sold washing machines .
And he said that he bought a washing machine from the father and it broke down almost immediately .
He thought it was installed badly .
He thinks the son is continuing the family tradition of incompetence .
“ After the submersible pump burned up , the plumber told me it was our fault all along because there was a leak in our water line , so the pump was sucking air – causing it to burn up .
“ I told him that I was n’t really buying a pump from him …or paying him to install the pump .
I just wanted water .
It was up to him to make sure he had the right pump and that it was installed correctly .
“ After all this , you ’d think he ’d give up .
I told him to take his pump out , but he got mad and came back and installed yet another pump – this is unbelievable – and brought about a mile of big plastic pipe , which he ran out to the spring , in order to be sure there was no leak .
And he put the thing together and left …sure that he had solved the problem .
“ But Nicholas just called to tell me that the pump had stopped working . ”
Until tomorrow ,
Bill Bonner
The Daily Reckoning
Home » Meteorites » Meteorite Hunting Illustration by Timothy Arbon
METEORITE HUNTING : THE SEARCH FOR SPACE ROCKS
With a special report on the West , Texas fireball
The seventh in a series of articles by Geoffrey Notkin , Aerolite Meteorites
My long - time friend and expedition partner , Steve Arnold , is fond of saying that meteorites are the ultimate collectible .
They are rare and exotic , of great scientific and historic interest , and they are the only part of outer space that most of us will ever hold in our hands .
Many of them are strikingly beautiful as well .
Professional Meteorite Hunters
What Are Meteorites ?
To me , the only thing better than owning a meteorite is finding one myself , and that can be a daunting task .
Every few days I receive an enthusiastic email from someone who has seen one of our television shows or read one of my meteorite hunting expedition articles and wants to become a meteorite hunter .
One eager young man who had yet to find his first meteorite wrote to me for advice .
He was seriously considering quitting his day job , upon which his wife and two children were dependent , and starting a new career searching for space rocks .
I suggested that he go on a few weekend trips first , see if he could find one or two meteorites , determine what kind of financial return they might bring , and then decide if he still wanted to pursue such a bold idea .
I did n't say that to discourage him .
Rather , I encouraged him to go out and try , but meteorites are so difficult to find that only the most skilled and determined ( or lucky ) hunters can earn a living by scouring our planet 's surface for extraterrestrial visitors .
I never heard from the young man again , so I assume he went out a couple of times , came home unsuccessful , and gave up .
I can certainly sympathize .
There are plenty of times when I have returned to my tent after ten hours of hiking through fields or deserts with nothing to show for it but sunburn and insect bites .
A successful meteorite hunter is resourceful , observant , with plenty of stamina and endurance , is willing to research and experiment and , above all , has great patience .
How To Find Meteorites 1 . Hunting in Known Strewnfields
It may seem fairly obvious , but it is still worth saying : the easiest way to find a meteorite is to go where they have been found before .
A strewnfield is a zone where multiple meteorites from the same fall have been recovered .
There are many strewnfields around the world , and several here in the United States .
One of the best known is Holbrook in northern Arizona .
On the evening of July 19 , 1912 thousands of stone meteorites rained down outside the small railroad town .
Most were about the size of a pea , and upon hearing them hit a tin roof , one eyewitness said they sounded like hailstones .
Stones are still occasionally found to this day , and I know several people who found their first meteorite at Holbrook .
2 . Meteorite Cold Finds
The adventurous hunter may endeavor to make a cold find .
This term refers to a brand new meteorite that is discovered where none have been found before .
It is a real challenge and I know several meteorite hunters who have been successful hunting in old strewnfields and on fireball chases [ see below ] but have never made a cold find .
The best hunting locations include dry areas with little or no vegetation , and few indigenous rocks .
For example : many new meteorites have been discovered in Antarctica and in our planet 's hot deserts .
Nearly all meteorites contain a great deal of iron , and iron will begin to decay in moist air , so their chances of surviving long enough to be found , increase in a dry environment .
3 . Fireball Chasing
A few times each year a large fireball , also known as a bolide , is seen in the skies over our planet .
Some are old satellites or rocket fuel tanks burning up , but the most impressive fireballs are caused by cosmic debris entering our atmosphere .
Some fireballs are completely consumed ; others fragment and send meteorite fragments raining down upon the earth .
When such an event occurs meteorite hunters race to the scene , try to determine where pieces landed , and recover them if possible .
This exciting and extremely difficult type of venture is known as fireball chasing .
Hunting The West , Texas Fireball
On the afternoon of February 15 , 2009 a television cameraman covering a race in Austin , Texas captured a spectacular fireball on video .
Eyewitnesses to the north in McClellan County saw the fireball close up .
Many reported hearing loud sonic booms and one homeowner I spoke with reported that the shock waves broke a window in his house .
By studying first hand accounts , specialists were able to predict that if meteorites made it to the ground , they may have done so north of Waco - an astonishing 120 miles from the Austin cameraman who filmed the event .
When two small fragments were found by a local rancher , near the town of West , Texas , and presented to a researcher from the University of Texas , we knew the game was on .
Steve Arnold left his house in Arkansas almost immediately and drove all night to the fall site .
I raced to the Tucson airport and met up with him the following day .
Getting samples of a freshly fallen meteorite into the hands of researchers is the first order of business .
Meteoriticists are eager to study new falls as quickly as possible , before specimens have been exposed to rain or the oxidizing effect of our atmosphere .
Meteorites that are witnessed falls are financially valuable too : they are very desirable to collectors , especially when associated with a spectacular documented fireball .
When Steve and I are on meteorite hunting expeditions we typically employ sophisticated metal detectors and other equipment that has been specially designed for us , or that we have built ourselves .
Hunting the West , Texas fireball was an invigorating change for us , and we went as low - tech as one can get .
The West meteorite ( provisional name ) is a stone , described as an L6 ordinary chondrite , and is one of the most abundant meteorite types .
Freshly fallen stone meteorites typically exhibit a rich black fusion crust - a thin , black rind formed as the surface literally burned .
This crust makes the meteorites appear much darker than ordinary earth rocks , and will stand out starkly against light colored soil .
L6s contain a comparatively low amount of iron , and the meteorites we were hunting for would likely be quite small .
We needed to cover a lot of ground quickly , so we left our metal detectors in the trucks , put on our hiking boots , and set out across wide Texas fields .
Understanding Fireballs
and Meteorite Strewnfields
Steve was the first of our team to find a meteorite , and it was discovered several miles from the location of the first two specimens .
By mapping the locations of these finds and using our knowledge of strewnfields , we were able to extrapolate where might be the best places to hunt for new pieces .
A textbook example of a strewnfield has a roughly elliptical shape and could be a few hundred yards in length , or many miles .
Some of the world 's largest strewnfields , such as Campo del Cielo in Argentina , encompass hundreds of square miles .
Fireballs stop burning high up in the air ; atmospheric braking causes the incoming debris to slow down as it falls to earth , usually at a few hundred miles per hour .
The largest fragments have more mass and inertia which carries them further , while the smallest fragments crash to earth first .
In other words , in a typical strewnfield we expect to find a considerable number of small meteorites at one end , and fewer numbers of larger ones at the far end .
Meteorite hunters informally describe these as " the small end " and " the big end . "
Mapping The West , Texas Strewnfield
Our next step was to contact local landowners and ask for permission to hunt on their properties .
This is important for two reasons :
It is illegal to trespass on private land , and in the United States , meteorites belong to the owner of the land ( or in some cases the mineral rights to the land ) upon which they have fallen .
If the fall site is on Federal land , any finds must be reported and turned over to the Smithsonian Institution in Washington , D.C .
Finding Meteorites
In Texas The West , Texas strewnfield encompasses many different types of ground , including plowed fields , planted fields , grasslands , and forests .
It is very difficult to find small , black stones in high grass , or on dark colored earth , so we focused our efforts on expanses of relatively open ground .
Spring plowing and seeding were already underway , so the race was on to recover as many stones as possible before the delicate , undisturbed surfaces were pummeled by large tractors .
In addition , even a light rain will cause freshly fallen meteorites to begin rusting , so our team worked from dawn to sunset , hiking twelve to fifteen miles each day .
My first find was a partial stone weighing 18.8 grams .
I almost missed it , because the broken face was lying up , and the meteorite 's interior is bright white - the exact opposite of what our eyes were trained for .
Upon turning the stone over , its black fusion crust was immediately apparent .
After a couple of days on the ground , Steve and our colleague Sonny Clary came across a prime hunting location : a large field , only partially covered with the remains of last year 's crops .
Several small individuals were found within fairly close proximity , telling us we were in the heart of the strewnfield .
Gridding The Strewnfield
In order to fully map that portion of the strewnfield , we invited several of our colleagues to join the hunt .
Walking slowly , line abreast and a few feet apart , and using Global Positioning System ( GPS ) units to record our progress , we laboriously walked back and forth across the immense field until all the ground had been carefully searched .
This process took over two days and our team recovered over sixty stones from that one field .
We photographed each stone in situ and recorded its precise find location by GPS .
Compiling such data helps us further understand the size and shape of the strewnfield .
To prevent contamination , specimens were carefully collected while wearing cotton gloves then sealed in airtight bags .
Two of our team members found their first - ever meteorite while hunting with us , and the joy and excitement on their faces is something I 'll never forget !
The majority of our finds were complete individuals - whole stones that did not break up in the atmosphere , and entirely covered in black fusion crust .
A fair number of stones exhibited flow lines , caused by surface melting , and a high degree of orientation .
When a meteorite does not tumble during flight , but keeps a fixed orientation towards the surface of our planet , it sometimes melts into a cone or bullet - shaped mass .
Orientation is a feature unique to meteorites , and highly oriented specimens are very rare and of great interest to collectors .
Some specimens were found lying , untouched , on the surface .
Others had partially buried themselves into the ground , suggesting they fell at high velocity .
Several created small impact pits upon hitting the ground , and then bounced , coming to rest a few inches away .
Geoff Notkin's Meteorite Book
Geoffrey Notkin , co-host of the Meteorite Men television series and author of Meteorwritings on Geology.com , has written an illustrated guide to recovering , identifying , and understanding meteorites .
How to Find Treasure From Space : The Expert Guide to Meteorite Hunting and Identification is a 6 " x 9 " paperback with 142 pages of information and photos .
About the Author
Photograph by
Leigh Anne DelRay Geoffrey Notkin is a meteorite hunter , science writer , photographer , and musician .
He was born in New York City , raised in London , England , and now makes his home in the Sonoran Desert in Arizona .
A frequent contributor to science and art magazines , his work has appeared in Reader 's Digest , The Village Voice , Wired , Meteorite , Seed , Sky & Telescope , Rock & Gem , Lapidary Journal , Geotimes , New York Press , and numerous other national and international publications .
He works regularly in television and has made documentaries for The Discovery Channel , BBC , PBS , History Channel , National Geographic , A&E , and the Travel Channel .
Aerolite Meteorites - WE DIG SPACE ROCKS ™
The point in a cell phone conversation were one person begins loudly verbalizing their disapproval discomfort , or other negative emotion .
This person usually attracts a lot of attention , and surrounding public may be inclined to ask the person to quite down .
Oh man !
Yesterday I was on a date with Lisa , when Stephanie called and told me she had STDs .
I totally went yellular on her and rode her ass about how that was so not okay with me .
Then the waiter came and told me to take it outside , so I decked his ass and left .
Dr Williams often speaks out on environmental issues God will not intervene to prevent humanity from wreaking disastrous damage to the environment , the Archbishop of Canterbury has warned .
In a lecture , Dr Rowan Williams urged a " radical change of heart " to prevent runaway climate change .
At York Minster he said humanity should turn away from the selfishness and greed that leads it to ignore its interdependence with the natural world .
And God would not guarantee a " happy ending " , he warned .
Dr Williams has often spoken out about environmental issues .
' Ultimate tragedy '
Speaking on Wednesday he said just as God gave humans free will to do " immeasurable damage " to themselves as individuals it seemed " clear " they had the same " terrible freedom " as a human race .
Robert Pigott , religious affairs correspondent
Along with his dramatic urging for people to achieve a personal " conversion " in their attitude to the environment , Archbishop Williams is using the opportunity to teach a slightly more sophisticated take on what Christianity says about the issue .
The concept of a loving and forgiving God has always been central to Christian teaching , even if some traditionalist evangelicals do anticipate the approach of a world - ending apocalypse .
Dr Williams is reluctant to allow Christians to use their faith in a benevolent God - or their fatalism about an apocalypse - to opt out of personal responsibility for the planet Earth .
His key message was about free will - the idea God exercises no control over what people choose to do .
He has used the economic recession to ask fundamental questions about what constitutes genuine wealth and wellbeing , and to argue material consumption has not brought true happiness .
Dr Williams evidently sees the potential for similar lessons to emerge even from the looming crisis over climate change .
Full text of Archbishop 's lecture Send us your comments " I think that to suggest that God might intervene to protect us from the corporate folly of our practices is as unchristian and unbiblical as to suggest that he protects us from the results of our individual folly or sin , " he said .
" God 's faithfulness stands , assuring us that even in the most appalling disaster love will not let us go - but it will not be a safety net that guarantees a happy ending in this world . "
Without a change of heart , Dr Williams warned , the world faced a number of " doomsday scenarios " including the " ultimate tragedy " of humanity gradually " choked , drowned , or starved by its own stupidity . "
The poorest and most vulnerable and our children and grandchildren would pay the heaviest price for climate change , he added .
A Greenpeace spokesman welcomed the speech : " Hundreds of thousands of people are dying every year because we have n't taken the necessary steps to stop climate change .
" Whilst there 's nothing wrong in hoping for a miracle , relying on one does seem to be more than a bit reckless .
" We need to all do what we can now , or we 're giving up on this world . "
Friends of the Earth 's executive director , Andy Atkins said : " Humans are responsible for escalating climate change .
We have a choice as to how we respond , but we and future generations will live with the consequences of this generation 's choice . "
Meanwhile , a spokesman for the British Humanist Association said : " The fact that god is not going to help us handle climate change will come as no surprise to many .
" But nor will the reinterpretation of ancient texts to be about stewardship rather than dominion , or indeed any faith in some non-human support .
" What may help us to manage it is human reason and the application of technology , and a recognition that we are on our own on this earth and must handle our own problems . "
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
On her new record Little Hells ( Kemado Records ) , Marissa Nadler ’s melodies and fingerpicked guitar exhibit her strong bond with traditional music , fitting snugly under the ever - loosening moniker of “ folk . ”
At the same time , layers of reverb , organ , and light overdrive fill out the gaunt old - timey sound and give it a little contemporary weight .
Despite composing within the restrictive confines of folk , Nadler ’s songwriting itself is strong .
The only criticism here , then , is that there is n’t enough of the edge that makes her best songs so good .
“ Loner ” sums this up : the song is cohesive and immediately engaging , seeming to promise build - up .
But once it has got your attention , the energy does n’t seem to mount any further .
But Nadler also breaks briefly out of her rustic lull .
The driving intro beat on “ Mary Come Alive ” signals a welcomed tempo increase .
The warm reverb recalls Daniel Lanois ’ production on Emmylou Harris ’ Wrecking Ball or Dylan ’s Time Out Of Mind .
The track is capped off by a one - minute instrumental outro , composed contrastingly of Beach Boys arpeggios and faintly humming lead guitars that would be more at home on a Radiohead album .
“ Mary Come Alive ” is the most unique track on Little Hells , and hopefully also a precursor to Marissa Nadler ’s future output .
DM Stith ’s Heavy Ghost ( Asthmatic Kitty ) is perched on the same wispy dream - cloud as Nadler 's Little Hells , but strays far from Nadler ’s pastoral feel .
Stith sharpens the brisk airiness of his sound with a medieval menagerie of vocal grunts , sound effects , cascading orchestration , and minimalist piano passages .
On “ BMB , ” he even embraces atonality , with winds and strings that reminded me of Gyorgy Ligeti ’s Atmosphères or Apparitions .
This rich sub-layer of arrangements points to Stith ’s protégé - mentor relationship with Asthmatic Kitty label - mate Sufjan Stevens .
The video for “ Pity Dance ” works like some grizzly horror tale involving murder and log cabins , strangely displaced into an empty urban landscape .
On the track itself , unpredictable and grating background instrumentation challenges the calm pace of rhythm acoustic guitars .
Admittedly , with albums like these , I sometimes think the “ American gothic ” folk thing might be going overboard .
The similarities between Nadler ’s Little Hells and Alela Diane ’s recent To Be Still remind me that this kind of music is as reproduced as the painting of the same name .
But for his refreshing departure from the slide guitar - laden , countrified side of folk , DM Stith in turn ventures a little too far into the esoteric .
Heavy Ghost ’s closer , “ Wig , ” for instance , sounds like little more than an orchestra tuning in the pit .
Both these artists work best when focusing on their songs , instead of their sound .
Someday it might be said that this was the beginning of the end of cosmic loneliness .
Presently perched on a Delta 2 rocket at Cape Canaveral is a one - ton spacecraft called Kepler .
If all goes well , the rocket will lift off about 10:50 Friday evening on a journey that will eventually propel Kepler into orbit around the Sun .
There the spacecraft ’s mission will be to discover Earth - like planets in Earth - like places — that is to say , in the not - too - cold , not - too - hot , Goldilocks zones around stars where liquid water can exist .
The job , in short , is to find places where life as we know it is possible .
“ It ’s not E.T. , but it ’s E.T. ’s home , ” said William Borucki , an astronomer at NASA ’s Ames Research Center at Moffett Field in California , who is the lead scientist on the project .
Kepler , named after the German astronomer who in 1609 published laws of planetary motion that now bear his name , will look for tiny variations in starlight caused by planets passing in front of their stars .
Dr. Borucki and his colleagues say that Kepler could find dozens of such planets — if they exist .
The point is not to find any particular planet — hold off on the covered - wagon spaceships — but to find out just how rare planets like Earth are in the cosmos .
Jon Morse , director for astrophysics at NASA headquarters , calls Kepler the first planetary census taker .
Kepler ’s strategy is , in effect , to search for the shadows of planets .
The core of the spacecraft , which carries a 55 - inch - diameter telescope , is a 95 - million - pixel digital camera .
For three and a half years , the telescope will stare at the same patch of sky about 10 degrees , or 20 full moons , wide , in the constellations Cygnus and Lyra .
It will read out the brightnesses of 100,000 stars every half - hour , looking for the telltale blips when a planet crosses in front of its star , a phenomenon known as a transit .
BBC journalist and Gaza resident Rushdi Abou Alouf describes the situation in Gaza on the sixth day of Israel 's air assault on Palestinian militant group Hamas .
Israel is currently preventing international reporters from entering Gaza .
Concerns are growing about a shortage of food and basic supplies
There were more than four Israeli air strikes in Gaza City in the first hour of 2009 .
The sounds of bombs and explosions were heard all over the city .
I was at home in Gaza City , about 200 m from the Hamas education ministry , which was hit last night .
We stayed away from the windows .
We leave them open because the glass breaks if the Israelis bomb nearby , so it is very cold .
It was hard to keep my four - year - old son calm .
Normally we would go out , drive around in the city , or go to a restaurant at new year , but the city was very quiet .
In spite of everything I was able to send new year messages to friends via SMS .
I received one text that said : " Look outside , F - 16s are smiling at you , missiles are dancing for you , drones are singing for you , because I requested them all to wish you Happy New Year . "
I also managed to phone my father and mother , four sisters and four brothers .
They have evacuated their house because they live next to a mosque .
The Israelis believe Hamas is using mosques to store weapons .
They have already hit eight mosques .
We are unable to function normally , we have no cars , we can't even wear police uniforms because of Israeli drones
Abu Ahmad
Police commander
Some life is continuing in Gaza City - I would say it is about 20 % of the normal activity .
The first two days were very , very difficult .
There were no people at all in the streets - nothing open at all .
But on the third day a few more places opened and people started to cook more - if you have kids and a family you have to feed them .
You have to find a way .
I went to the main supermarket in Gaza City .
It was full of people buying things like candles , batteries , tuna , flour and cooking oil .
They are worried supplies will run out , partly because the smuggling tunnels from Egypt have been damaged in the Israeli airstrikes .
There was big sign saying the supermarket would only take cash - no credit cards , cheques or promises to pay later .
The banks are closed , and the owner said he could not be sure he would be able to cash cheques or card payments .
" I understand why people are storing food and products , but I do n't think the world will allow us to starve , " he said .
' Very angry '
Israel says it is targeting Hamas and not Gazan civilians I also spoke to Abu Ahmad , a commander in the Hamas police , which were targeted in the first wave of airstrikes .
He said he used to manage 25 people , but had lost four of them .
He said the police are " not involved at all " in military activities , such as firing rockets - but he clearly supported such actions .
The force 's role was to " maintain law and order " , he said , by which he meant a range of activities from stopping crime to tackling spies .
" Our role is just as important as those firing rockets [ at Israeli towns ] , " he said .
He said they had been dealing with cases such as a bakery manager who had doubled his prices leading many people to complain .
But as armed members of Hamas , Israel sees the police as targets .
We are very sad and angry about losing our son , but this is our role , this is our land
Bereaved father " We are unable to function normally , we have no cars , we can't even wear police uniforms because of the Israeli drones , " said Mr Ahmad .
I also went to meet a Hamas family which lost two people .
One was a bodyguard for the head of the police ; his cousin was among the trainee Hamas police officers killed on Saturday during their graduation ceremony .
Most of the streets in the area were closed , a mourning tent had been set up and a big poster of the Hamas leader Ismail Haniya was on display .
Despite their losses , some of those who have lost family members are resolute .
" We will not hold up the white flag , we will not sacrifice our sons , " they say .
" We are very sad and angry about losing our son , but this is our role , this is our land , " the father of the bodyguard said to me .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Xylitol Poisoning
Sugar Substitute Is Toxic To Pets
Xylitol is a sugar substitute commonly used in toothpastes , mouthwash , sugarless gum , certain cough medicines , children 's chewable multi-vitamins and a variety of nut butters ( such as peanut butter , sunflower butter ; check the brand ingredients before feeding to pets ) .
It can also be bought in bulk to use at home in baking , coffee , smoothies , or any other food to which sugar could be added .
This product is recommended for diabetics and those following a low - carbohydrate diet .
However , xylitol is extremely dangerous to your dog .
How Xylitol Can Harm Your Dog
The effects of xylitol on your dog are immediate and can be very severe .
Signs of toxicity can be seen in as few as 30 minutes , says the Pet Poison Helpline .
Ingestion of any small amounts of the product will cause the rapid release of insulin in dogs and result in hypoglycemia .
Hypoglycemia results in vomiting , weakness , and sometimes seizures .
In some cases , xylitol poisoning can result in liver failure .
As little as two or three sticks of xylitol gum could be toxic to a 20 - pound dog .
Below are some of the symptoms associated with xylitol poisoning :
Vomiting
Weakness
Ataxia ( uncoordinated movements )
Seizures
Coma
Liver failure
How Common is Xylitol Poisoning ?
The number of cases animal poison control centers handle has substantially increased .
Since 2009 , the Pet Poison Helpline ( PPH ) , a 24/7 animal poison control center had more than 20,000 cases involving xylitol or products in which xylitol was suspected , with numbers increasing every year .
According to the PPH , 99 % of those cases involved dogs ; 48 % of those cases were referred to veterinarians for emergency care .
The rise is likely linked to the increasing amount of human foods and other products containing xylitol , according to the veterinarians at Pet Poison Helpline .
The recent introduction of xylitol as an ingredient in some peanut butter brands , including Nuts ‘n More , Krush Nutrition , and P - 28 Foods , can lead pet owners to unwittingly poison their dogs if they are baking homemade treats with these particular brands .
It 's important to read the ingredients prior to buying at the store .
If you see " naturally sweetened " or " natural sweetener " promoted on the product , check the ingredients for " xylitol " or its chemical classification , " sugar alcohol . "
Products with Xylitol
The Pet Poison Helpline has been working to identify products with xylitol as an ingredient .
According to Dr. Ahna Brutlag , director of veterinary services and a board - certified veterinary toxicologist , these are some products to keep out of reach of pets as they are known to contain xylitol :
Sugar free shewing gum
Presciption medications in liquid or rapid melt formulations ( i.e. Neurontin® , Abilify ® , Allegra® , Discmelt , Mobic® , RioMet® , clonazepam , Emtrivia® )
OTC liquid , chewable , or fast dissolve / rapid melt medications ( e.g. melatonin fast dissolve tablets , Allegra® Oral suspension )
OTC digestive aids ( Beano® , select chewable antacids )
Dental / oral care products for people including dry mouth sprays
Nasal sprays
Nicotine chewing gum
Stool softeners
Barium liquid and pudding
Jell - O® sugar free pudding
Energy drinks
Peanut butter and other nut butters
Personal care products such deodorant , shaving cream , and personal lubricants
What to Do If Your Pet Ingests Xylitol
If you suspect your dog has ingested a product that might contain xylitol , call your veterinarian or Pet Poison Helpline at 855-289-0358 immediately .
The helpline 's service is available 24 hours a day , every day . *
Prevent Xylitol Poisoning
Always remember that our some of our food is not meant for our pets .
If you do n’t know the ingredients of a specific food , do n’t feed it to your pet .
If you often purchase gum and food labeled “ sugar free , ” be sure not to leave it out where your pet can access it .
Following common sense safety with your food items could save you pet — and you — much suffering .
If you liked this story , read about toxic meds and toxic foods that can seriously harm your pets .
* A fee is billed by Pet Poison Helpline .
PPH is not affiliated with Nationwide pet insurance .
My own super - active son
Isaac is lovely .
He 's affectionate , happy , always laughing , interested in everything , fun to be with , and gorgeous .
He is a 3 year old bundle of loving energy .
He is also incredibly active .
A woman who has looked after hundreds of children over 26 years as a nanny has described him as the most energetic child she has known .
Lovely as it is , it can also be a little exhausting to have a toddler who thinks sleep is for the weak , a moment not spent running is a moment wasted , and who wants everyone to join in every overactive thing he does !
So here are my top ten tips for surviving and bringing up an incredibly active toddler .
The name " Isaac " means , " he who will laugh " , and he does
In to everything , there is never a dull moment
Do something active every single day
Idle days are trouble - later - in - the - evening days .
I know Isaac 's not done enough running about when he makes an ambulance noise ( " ne - nor ne - nor ne- nor " ) and runs up and down , up and down , through the living room and hallway , over and over again .
It 's a sure sign of an active evening and night to come < groan >
So come hell or high water , or more appropriately , come rain , sleet or snow , Isaac gets out and about every day .
The ideal activity for him is something which requires more exercise on his part than on the part of the poor sod trying to wear him out .
If the weather is n't absolutely foul , the park 's always a good bet .
We have a great one near us which is children - only - adults can't go into Coram 's Fields unless they are accompanying a child .
There are lots of great climbing frames , so I can play with Isaac , and interact with him , but make sure he gets a good lot of energy spent on climbing , running across , and going down the slide .
His new determination to walk up the slide is particularly tiring ( for him ) and he 's getting quite good at it as well .
Learn to exploit relatives
I 'm the eldest in my family , with sisters 2 and 6 years younger than me , and a brother 7 years younger .
Isaac is , to date , the only grandchild as well .
So when we are staying at my parents ' place , I rope in all said relatives to do their bit .
That way I get to read the paper , have a cuppa in peace , and even chat to my Mama or sisters !
My Dad's " throwing a ball over the house " trick is a particular favourite of Isaac's , and he loves running to collect the ball to bring it back to my Dad for another try .
Isaac does , perhaps , over - rate my Dad 's abilities in throwing - a couple of weeks ago he asked my Dad to throw his ball over our block of flats , but 6 stories of a mansion block in central London is pushing it a bit !
Then there are the horses to run around with , accompanied by his ever - loving aunties , and his Uncle Bruv is great for wrestling , play fighting , and all that boy stuff they both seem to love .
active even at the age of 6 months ....
Enjoying the horses , with his Auntie Eleanor
Borrow an energetic and child - friendly dog
My parents have a 5 month old border collie puppy .
Dylan is absolutely gorgeous , but , like Isaac , has far too much energy .
Throwing them out into the garden together has proved a great idea - they chase each other , run round in circles , and altogether wear each other out equally .
Oddly , looking after the infant and the puppy together is less work than just looking after one or the other !
Dylan is remarkably tolerant of being grabbed , having his tail pulled , and being generally moidered .
Which is just as well , really .
Find out what really tires him or her out ....
If you need a quiet evening , an evening with adults - only , or just a chance at a decent night 's sleep , you need to know what really knackers the little charmer out .
With Isaac , it 's swimming .
He can swim very well , and he absolutely adores it .
And he 'll stay in the pool for ages , until completely and utterly exhausted .
The evening after swimming , he 's quiet , calm , and goes to sleep easily and quickly .
As a further tip , get someone else ( Isaac 's Dad , for us ) to do it , then you get some time to yourself in the afternoon , AND time with each other in the evening !
Surfer Dude !
Toddler wetsuits are very sweet
Make sure your energy bomb eats enough
I know a toddler is supposed to eat about a quarter of an adult 's portion .
Unfortunately , Isaac 's not read that himself , and wo n't take my word for it .
He eats a lot - and I mean , a lot .
This evening , as I write this , he had 4 sausages , half a greengrocer 's shop of peas , and a few carrot sticks .
Then he managed to squeeze in a yoghurt and some raisins .
Meal times have to be insisted on , though .
Isaac has to be in his high chair , and we all ( whoever is there ) eat together .
Otherwise he is too easily distracted by toys , or jumping around .
When hungry , Isaac is irritable and annoying .
I blame his father - who is equally irritable and annoying when not fed large quantities of grub on a regular basis .
Fortunately , though , my other half is not prone to the odd tantrum when he feels half - starved , but he does manage to whinge about it !
fantastic active toddler dancing !
Avoid too much sugar or chemicals
I know that if I eat a packet of brightly - coloured sugar - laden sweets , I have an energy surge , then a slump .
The last thing an active little darling needs is a sugar rush , so we keep the sugar , food chemicals , and caffeine down to a minimum ( so , yes , he 's a chocolate - deprived child .... )
As well as the immediate advantages , I also think it 's great in a wider sense to encourage lasting , healthy - eating habits .
Isaac thinks great sweet snacks are things like bananas and grapes , which is all to the good !
Encourage private play
I think it ’s very important for toddlers and young children to be encouraged to play and entertain themselves on their own .
It ’s particular important , in my opinion , when a child is very active .
Unless encouraged to settle down and concentrate on one thing , he might just prefer to run around yelling all the time .
But in the interests of developing an ability to concentrate and a capacity to amuse himself without constant input from others , I think it ’s very important .
In my experience , it ’s best to start a child off on something before leaving him to play on his own .
If I just point Isaac at some of his toys , and say play with that , he often looks a bit puzzled and messes around for a few minutes .
However , if we start playing with his toy trains or cars or whatever it is together , or to start to build a Lego structure , he is far more likely to settle down and enjoy it and to go off on explorations of his own .
Recently , for example , he has taken to assembling Duplo Bricks in what he calls his grandparents ’ house .
I ’m not sure my parents would be delighted to live in a red , yellow and brown brick house missing half a roof and one wall , and with a distinct shortage of doors , but he ’s clearly developing an imagination even if it involves putting a cow on the roof .
Ask a toddler - how do you throw a tantrum , then ?
Toddler and dog wearing each other out ....
Get your toddler to help around the house
I also think it ’s valuable to get children to help around the house as young as possible .
It teaches them that life does n’t come with a constant supply of Mummies and Daddies who are happy to do all the cooking , clearing up , tidying away toys , and act as a laundry fairy as well .
Isaac really enjoys helping Mummy , even if something that would take me 10 minutes without his help takes me half an hour once I have the benefit of his assistance .
Since he was young , we ’ve always encouraged him to put his toys away in his toy box , and his books back on the shelf .
He also always carries his own plates into the kitchen and puts them next to the sink , and really enjoys helping put washing in the washing machine and changing sheets .
In addition , it means that when he is doing something quiet and private on his own , you can benefit from a few minutes to yourself , rather than rushing around trying to sort clean clothes out .
fantastic toddler dance party
Are you blessed as we are ?
" Helping " his grandmother in the greenhouse .
A long , calming bedtime routine
The biggest problem we have with an extremely active child is sleep .
He does n’t seem to need as much as the books have always said he does .
By 6 months old he was down to one nap a day , and by 12 months , he had mostly dropped his second nap as well .
He does n’t even seem to need a long sleep at night despite not napping during the day .
It ’s my firm belief that naps are just as important to parents as toddlers , but you ca n’t force someone to sleep if they are not tired .
In order to transition into sleep at night , we have a long , calming bedtime routine .
It starts with reading a book quietly on the sofa , then a warm bath with lavender baby bubbles ( which assure me they help a child to relax , I could n’t swear to it ) and followed by climbing into his nightclothes , brushing his teeth , singing some quiet evening songs , and a further calm book before we go to bed .
It ’s impractical to expect him to go from roaring around to tired in one jump , and not only does the routine calm him down , but he knows what ’s coming next , and is therefore far more prepared to go to sleep than if bedtime came out of the blue .
Rest when your child does !
By getting your toddler to help you when you ’re shopping or washing up after dinner , when he does enjoy his private play as above , you can take the chance to sit down with a newspaper and a cup of tea and enjoy 10 minutes solitude .
It ’s a wonderful aim , and I can’t claim that solitude is a big part of my life , but as an aspiration it is important to have some down time , not just for toddlers , but for their exhausted parents .
This content is accurate and true to the best of the author ’s knowledge and is not meant to substitute for formal and individualized advice from a qualified professional .
Audrey on March 02 , 2020 :
Hi thank you for your helpful suggestions .
It is a relief to know other parents are exhausted as well .
So i do n't feel lazy .
How do i get my house work done .
Cooking and cleaning etc.?
Dad on February 10 , 2020 :
My boy is 18 months old and neither myself , my wife nor our 2 other children can keep up with him .
He gets into EVERYTHING .
He runs everywhere throughout the house , pulls chairs around ( he 's strong ) , climbs on everything he can - couch , tables , coffee table , etc .
Grabs photos from off the walls and runs around with them .
When he feeds , he will stay still for maybe half a sandwich , then starts trying to escape the straps on the high chair - which he can do in about 3 seconds ...
I 've even purchased a chest strap to stop him from escaping but somehow he still Houdini 's outta there .
He can jump and open any door in the house , so we can't restrict him to certain areas .
We had a baby fence but he learnt to climb out of there quickly ( $ 160 wasted thank you ... ) .
We can't baby - proof any areas of the house , because he can climb ANYTHING - he 'll just pull himself up with his arms then climb over .
Bed time is equally a nightmare .
He has one 30 - min nap in the day , which is usually when he just wears himself out either mid morning or mid afternoon .
But at night he just will not sleep ...
We have a routine - book , teeth , bed ...
But by bed he is still at 10000 watts and buzzing around the house .
We lay him down , he climbs out of the cot ... removed the side ( so he does n't accidentally fall ) , and now he just gets out and starts trying to run around .
I try rocking him to sleep and he will twist and turn in my arms for 30 - 45 minutes before I give up .
We give him space to run around and play during the day but it's a constant battle to keep him away from the gas oven dials , or from the jars in the pantry , or the glass picture frames on the wall , or any number of other things .
I just need some other outlet for him so that he can really wear himself out without getting into something he 's not supposed to .
KB on September 06 , 2018 :
My 2 year old still wo n't go to sleep on his own .
We have tried so many sleep training methods but his brain wo n't stop !
He will wake up in the middle of the night and start counting or saying every word he knows , which is over 300 !
Sometimes he is awake for 2 + hours in the middle of the night and still does n't take more than 1 hour naps !
I still do n't know what tires him out :(
He is constantly moving and even if he runs up and down our long driveway it does n't matter !
Any suggestions on how to figure out what will tire him ?
We do a consistent bedtime routine , etc. but it does n't matter .
Thanks !
Jodie Dyke on November 16 , 2012 :
Thanks for the blog :)
I have a 13 month old little girl the sweetest most adorable little girl in the world but my word she is a bag full of energy and it is noticed by everybody .
I 'd be at a playgroup and all the other children will be sitting playing nicely and my daughter is trying to find the escape route I literally can't sit down for 5 mins .
I 'm going to join my local gym get a family membership and take her swimming and toddler gym to wear her out .
Sarah Carlsley from Minnesota on October 23 , 2012 :
Awesome hub , and wonderful idea on the bedtime routine .
rebecca on April 17 , 2012 :
Thanks this sounds just like my life nice to know others are in the same boat
ksmomof5 on March 29 , 2012 :
Thank you so much for sharing this .
I had to laugh when I read this because your little guy sounds a lot like mine .
I really do n't like feeling frustrated with him all of the time and I love him dearly , but oh my goodness is he active !
He is the youngest of our 5 children , and I just do n't remember the other kids ever being quite so crazy ( or maybe I have just blocked it from my memory - HaHa ! ) .
I spend so much time chasing after him and trying to keep him out of trouble / danger that I have n't even given much thought to planning activities to keep him busy .
One of our biggest issues with him right now is that he will just take off and run from us wherever we are , and that keeps me from taking him out .
He has no fear and he wants to do everything himself .
He wo n't stay in a stroller , grocery cart , etc. , so it is very difficult to take him on outings .
I would really appreciate any suggestions / advice that you may have on this issue .
It really helps to hear from other moms who have dealt with the same thing .
Thank you so much .
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 02 , 2012 :
Sorry ot hear that Tired Mum - it 's hard work , much as you love the little devils .
Isaac was also not a big eater until he was nearly 2 .
He got distracted from eating easily , too , so we had to keep reminding him that his lunch / dinner was in front of him , and harrassing him to eat .
Have you tried reading poetry , or singing to him , at bedtime ?
that can be very calming .
Tiredmum on December 17 , 2011 :
My son is 22 months old and he is over active .
He only has 10 - 12 hours sleep including nap .
He would not sit down for over 5 - 10 mins , it made everything very hard for us when we traveled with him .
The biggest problem is when He is tired , he does n't want to sleep , he likes to run around , anything would make him awake .
He does n't eat much , he drinks a lot though .
Any advice ?
linda alleman on August 10 , 2011 :
We take care of our 19 mo .
greatgrandchild every other week , 24 hrs a day .
It 's a long story , by his mom , does n't even know he exists .
anyway , he goes from pillow to post every week .
He is exactly like Isaac , and also very loveable and he does understand when he does wrong .
Our problem is that he touches everything , even after we say NO DON'T TOUCH .
it 's like a game - he touches it , then runs away laughing .
we started time out in a chair , and he loves it .
he does n't move and is quite content in the chair .
after about 5 min .
we tell him he can get up .
well , he does the same thing again .
it 's like he 's daring you .
that 's the main problem we have with him .
we play with him all day , he eats at the table , picks things up and has quiet time before bed .
then either falls asleep on on us or he goes in his bed .
now , he does wake up several times during night crying ( whining ) .
we give him a bottle , with just a little juice and he goes right back to sleep .
what can we do about him touching and waking up at night .
thank you
littleleza from Victoria , Australia on July 03 , 2011 :
You know your toddler very well .
This is a great hub and I know exactly what you mean .
My two children are very active as well and everything you 've mentioned we do too .
It 's nice to know I 'm not alone !
I certainly wish I had their energy !
Thanks for sharing .
Kathy on June 09 , 2011 :
Oh thank goodness !!!
I have been searching everywhere for tips like these .
I was rolling on the floor laughing when you were describing your son eating ...
Jake is going , going , going every second of the day ( since he was tiny ) , hates going to sleep ( we still walk him at 1 year , believe it or not ) , and would eat for an hour if we did n't just eventually stop feeding him .
Loved hearing your family 's story and great tips !!
wilypixie from Portsmouth on March 23 , 2011 :
Great tips !
My son is n't one yet but he has been hectic since he was born so I reckon I 'll be needing your ideas soon !
kaiyan717 from West Virginia on January 18 , 2011 :
Just to let you know , you are not alone .
My son eats like a horse and runs like a greyhound .
He is fast approaching two and thanks for a few ideas to wear him out .
What goes up , must go down right ?
ckass16 on March 25 , 2010 :
I have 4 boys all in the same age range two 5 y.o.s one 4 y.o and one 3 y.o with one on the way someone give me some advice on how to stay clam in my everyday life right now I feel like I want to give up i'm always stressed out and never get any mommy time what can I do ?
Leenie Pooh on January 19 , 2010 :
I have one more suggestion to add to the mix .
Exercising with your toddler .
Indoor floor exercises , outdoor course , childcare at the gym , they 're all good for tiring him out and the side benefit is you stay in shape too .
Looking better , feeling better and more energy to keep up with him the rest of the day !
2centssurplus from Washington on September 07 , 2009 :
Thank you !
It 's always comforting to know that I 'm not the only one with extra busy kids !
I forget that they are normal sometimes .
lol
That was extremely helpful
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on July 13 , 2009 :
Glad you enjoyed it !
My son plays a lot with my parents ' 9 month old border collie .
As he 's been used to Isaac since he was very young , they are great together .
Teletubbies Toys on July 13 , 2009 :
Lovelly hub ...
My daughter is tow and a half and incredibly active .
I agree with all the advice given there , especially about getting a very active dog ...
Or even a patient one that will not mind being jumped on ( labradors and golden retrievers work well for that ) .
I really miss my dogs for that , we recently moved countries , and had to leave them with my parents - in - law .
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on July 10 , 2009 :
Wow , that sounds frantic !
I would n't be happy with that number of children running around without supervision , and a bloody nose would bother me if it were my son (-:
SweetiePie from Southern California , USA on June 26 , 2009 :
I went to Disneyland with my sister and her friend , which was a big mistake .
My sister 's friend kept leaving all her kids with me at Disneyland because due to my back injury I cannot really ride the rides , so I became the impromptu babysitter that day .
I about had a panic attack when my nephew and the three other children ran up the steps of the Robinson Family Tree House whilst having to hold onto my little niece 's hand .
These kids were very active because within the span of fifteen minutes one of the boys had fallen down at the bottom of the trail with a bleeding nose .
I think people were looking at me like I was nutty because there I was panicking and calling his mom , but I had no idea had to handle four really over active kids all at once .
My niece was so little so I had to hold onto her hand , while getting very frustrated with my nephew refusing to listen .
He usually was not that way , but for some reason with those kids he was just tuning me out .
When my sister 's friend came to retrieve the kids she acted like it was no big deal her youngest had a bloody nose and simply complained I took her off the ride early .
Later in the day I learned this lady just let her kids run around the park and really did not care because that is how she did things all the time .
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on June 03 , 2009 :
Thanks very much - I 'm glad you found it interesting !
Mohideen Basha from TRICHY , TAMIL NADU , INDIA . on June 03 , 2009 :
great hub with good ideas , i love this page .
thumbs up and posted it in my facebook wall .
Lisa HW from Massachusetts on April 22 , 2009 :
Good ideas .
I really agree with the " encouraging private play " part .
It does break up a cycle of " hyper " , and , I think , give them practice focusing .
My daughter was my active one .
She was a non -stop mover before she was born , a never - sitter from the time she could stand up ; and a never - stop - walking - girl from the time she learned to walk .
She did n't even particularly get into things " wrong " .
It was just that I had to always be running after her .
Her two brothers were normally active , but it 's safe to say she was ridiculous ( and sweet , sweet , sweet , too , though ) . :)
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on April 18 , 2009 :
Hi Moon - sounds as if we should get together , and let the 3 year olds wear each other out !
Moon Daisy from London on April 17 , 2009 :
I can relate to this hub a lot as I also have an active three year old .
We find indoor soft - play centres a godsend , especially when the weather 's not great .
People always comment on how much energy she has , and at family gatherings , even ones that go on a bit late , she 's always the one still dancing and bouncing around when everybody else is flagging !
Lgali on March 25 , 2009 :
nice hub
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 23 , 2009 :
Wow , 2 hyper out of 3 !
Lucky you .....
That 's a big gap between your older two and your youngest , though !
Must have been strange going back to nappies and babygros .
MissJamie on March 23 , 2009 :
I loved this hub : )
I have an 11 year old daughter , a 10 year old son , and a 11 month old son .
My daughter hardly ever slept and had tons of energy .
Nothing like your little Isaac though .
But she would get up in the middle of the night and scrounge around the house for something to do .
Once when they stayed at their grandmas house , she was up at around 12 midnight , looking through photo albums ... lol ... luckily my first son was the most perfect baby ever .
He had no problem entertaining himself , was n't hyper , and was just super sweet .
My daughter was sweet too but she was a handful , and they are the same age for 9 days so it was like having twins !
Thank God my first boy was n't equally as hyper or I would have NO hair left ... lol
Anyway , my 11 month old is like my daughter in so many ways it 's eerie .
But he 's even MORE hyper .
Takes after his father .
My mother - in - law told me that he ( my husband ) was one of the most hyper babies ever !!
So I think my little guy is going to take after him moreso than the other two .
Sorry to ramble so long , my point was that although I do practice some of your tips already , I 'm definitely going to try some of the ones that you suggested here : )
Great job !
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 21 , 2009 :
I 'm not a great one for coffee , tea is my poison (-:
Some children are calm , or have long calm periods , and sleep a lot .
I do n't have one of those .....
kiwi91 from USA on March 20 , 2009 :
Wow , this sounds tiring !
You must be drinking coffee all day ... at least I would be !
Now I know why my sister is trying to pass off the kids sometimes , sounds like she needs it .
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 11 , 2009 :
Thanks - glad you found it handy !
It 's great having family around to take some of the strain , it gives a little break to sit down , catch your breath , and have a cup of tea and read the paper !
charanjeet kaur from Delhi on March 11 , 2009 :
hello again london girl , omg what a darling child you have , isaac is a very cute name and he is living up to what it means my having a million dollar smile .
My daughter is going to be two years this april and i wish both our kids could meet , they are just the same .
i guess the have so much energy that makes us adults look so pale .
My daugther too is never still for a moment , she has to be prancing running and jumping .
i have a joint family so they always come to my rescue .
gr8 hub and interesting ideas ..
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 08 , 2009 :
Hi Sarah - Violet certainly sounds like Isaac , into evertything , all the time ( see the photo of him demolishing my handbag at the top of the hub , for example ! )
Isaac still crashes around like a bull in a china shop , and never seems to mind banging himself or bruising himself .
Hi Jim - glad you enjoyed the hub .
Your daughter also sounds like a handful !
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 08 , 2009 :
Hi Earnestshub - my parents , sisters and brother have the same attitude of wanting to make the most of their time with Isaac - hence my " exploit ' em " paragraph above !
I hope the babysitting went well and you all had a good evening .
Dalriada Books Ltd from UK on March 08 , 2009 :
My daughter loves fetch - the - ball game too .
It 's amazing that when my arm starts to sore from throwing the ball again and again , she 's still full of beans .
Sarah Songing on March 07 , 2009 :
Hi again , Londongirl - Violet IS walking !
And she is amazingly fast .
She falls all the time too , but does n't care .
Some days I feel like all I do is follow her around and pull her out of things .
As frustrating as it is , there 's so much to love about her too !
I think I will definitely have to use some of your tips now as she gets bigger .
earnestshub from Melbourne Australia on March 07 , 2009 :
I Loved this hub LondonGirl !
My daughter has 5 children , three toddlers ( twin three yo girls , a boy who is now four , a twelve year old girl , ( today ) and a sixteen year old girl .
I baby sit quite a lot , and Angus aka super spiderman ( he insists on that name ) sounds a lot like your Isaac .
All three of the little ones are very active , but my grandson is full bore !
I have learnt a couple of great ideas from your hub , and can vouch for all the others .
I will be babysitting today during the birthday party for the twelve year old , so your timing is great .
For grandparents like me , every visit to my children is spent with the little ones , as they miss me even if I saw them yesterday and can't wait to tell me their latest wonder .
I can't tell you how much they warm my heart .
Thanks for a wonderful hub .
Your son has that special confidence that is visible in well loved children .
Congratulations you lucky mom , your doing good work !
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 07 , 2009 :
I know what you mean - I often feel I 'd like some of what he 's on !
hazvy from cardiff , uk on March 07 , 2009 :
nice hub , my son is almost 3 and true he 's full of energy that sometimes i wish we could swap .
lol. will follow some of your tips .
thanx !
ReuVera from USA on March 06 , 2009 :
The best years :-)
You 'll miss all this rocket yet , believe me .
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 06 , 2009 :
Isaac just never stops eating , given half a chance !
Another 11 years - phew ....
ReuVera from USA on March 06 , 2009 :
What a lovely kid !
You are a great Mom !
I can relate to everything you wrote as my son was exactly the same , except he was a poor eater , so I have no idea where he was taking his energy .
He slowed down after he turned 14 ..... so you have a long way to go yet .
I know one thing - the more you play , read and just spend time with your kid , the more he will be greatful to you for this when he grows up .
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 05 , 2009 :
Hmmm - maybe a youtube should be added .....?
Christine Mulberry on March 05 , 2009 :
Hope he stays so happy as he grows !
Loved the slide show , just wish I could have heard him talking !
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 05 , 2009 :
Hi Sarah - glad you enjoyed it , as your suggestion got me writing it !
Good luck with Violet - is she walking yet ?
I love the name , by the way .
Hi Amy Jane - glad you enjoyed the hub , and exploiting relatives is great .
Perhaps I should rephrase it as " allowing relatives to have bonding time .... " ?
amy jane from Connecticut on March 05 , 2009 :
Love your suggestions - especially learning to expoilt relatives !
Having a toddler in the house is challenging in so many ways - tiring them out with fun activities is good for everyone !
Sarah Songing on March 05 , 2009 :
Wonderful hub , LondonGirl !
Absolutely loved it .
Love hearing about your son , and fabulous ideas for how to deal with an active toddler .
I 'll have to keep these thoughts in mind as my Violet gets bigger ( her first birthday is in two weeks ) .
She is already a handful , I call her Hurricane Violet .
Thanks for another great read !
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 05 , 2009 :
Hi Christa - sounds as if we have the same Isaac - issues !
Once you get an idea in a toddler 's head , shifting it is a barrel of laughs (-:
Elena - sounds great !
Want to come and wear mine out ?
Generally , I find if people take Isaac out , they come back knackered , he comes back bouncing !
Debnet on March 05 , 2009 :
Invest in an exercise trampoline !!!
Oh , for Isaac , not yourself LOL !!
Elena . from Madrid on March 04 , 2009 :
Hi LG !
This had on me the same effect as with Teresa , I 'm tired already and I just woke the heck up !! :-)
Do n't have kids of my own but my nephews have always gave me a run for my money , it was exhausting but fun and .... temporary for me !! :-)
I used to go for active and very energetic stuff to do with them , when I delivered them back to parents they thought I 'd drugged the kids , they were always beat !
Laugh !
The toddled dancing video does n't work for me ... I SO wanted to watch that one :-)
Christa Dovel from The Rocky Mountains , North America on March 04 , 2009 :
LOL !
I am trying to teach my youngest that not everything belongs in his kitchen drawer .
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 04 , 2009 :
We got Isaac helping young , too .
At one point , he did seem to think that everything should go in his toy box , so it was a good place to look for missing saucepans , mobile phones , and house keys (-:
Christa Dovel from The Rocky Mountains , North America on March 04 , 2009 :
Your Isaac and his father sound much like my Isaac and his father !
Great tips , and good job for letting him help you out !
A child who can get things out can also put things away -- I had Isaac helping by eight months ...
I was never sure if he understood or not , until he had a play date one afternoon , and crawled around putting his toys away , so the other baby could not play with them !
Siblings can be as useful as a puppy in wearing each other out .
( That is the method I use most . )
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 04 , 2009 :
we can't get a dog ourselves - it's not a great idea in a flat !
But we take full advantage of my parents ' collie (-:
Shalini Kagal from India on March 04 , 2009 :
Great hub - LondonGirl - took me back 17 years when it seemed like I never slept for more than a few minutes at a time !
Lovely pictures - and what a wonderful Mom you are !
Wish we'd thought of a pup when my daughter was young - now we 've ended up getting a second pup because the first one was too energetic :D
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 04 , 2009 :
yeah , I blame my other half as well .
I did like sleeping even as a baby (-:
kerryg from USA on March 04 , 2009 :
Very good advice !
I 've learned to use many of the same tricks with my daughter , who definitely takes after her high energy father rather than me !
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 04 , 2009 :
Oh , he 's great at looking innocent , cheerful and no trouble at all !
Sheila from The Other Bangor on March 04 , 2009 :
The photos of Isaac are gorgeous , by the way .
But then , you probably know that already .
. .
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 04 , 2009 :
funnily enough , I reckon the two go together as well !
Sheila from The Other Bangor on March 04 , 2009 :
Yep -- it will make for a lot of happy ( i.e. exhausted ) campers .
LondonGirl ( author ) from London on March 04 , 2009 :
great idea - my mother strongly approves of Isaac wearing out Dylan as well as vice versa !
Sheila from The Other Bangor on March 04 , 2009 :
Ok -- I 'm exhausted just reading all this .
I 'm going to forward it immediately to the parents of three tots and a teen .
Great advice about the dog ; I 'll have to take my two pups over more often , so they can all wear each other out .
[ column width = ” 1/1 ″ last =” true ” title= ” ” title_type= ” single ” animation = ” none ” implicit= ” true ” ]
[ blog layout = ” normal ” column= ” 2 ″ count= ” 5 ″ show_content= ” ” nopaging =” false ” cat= ” ” posts = ” ” ]
[ / blog ]
[ / column ]
( COLTUC SI ASOCIATII SAI ) – EXCELENTA IN CONSULTANTA SI RECUPERARI CREANTE
Peste 17 ani de experienta in Consultanta in Afaceri pentru Firme ( imm-uri ) , Consultanta Gdpr , Recuperare Creante , Infiintari firme , Consultanta platforma IMM INVEST , Consultanta firme afectate de Covid-19
Lumea Covid - 19 ne -a demonstrat cat de fragili suntem in afacerile noastre si ca trebuie sa ne adaptam .
SA NE ADAPTAM REPEDE !
DE CE COLTUC SI ASOCIATII SAI ?
Pentru ca am demonstrat in 17 ani ca suntem o firma de consultanta novativa si care va ajuta sa rezistati pe piata dupa criza Covid - 19 ( Coronavirus )
CE INSEAMNA CONSULTANTA PENTRU COLTUC SI ASOCIATII SAI ?
Consultanta este un proces complex ce presupune deopotriva cercetari , analize si investigatii care fundamenteaza solutiile aspectelor problematice ivite in procesul decizional si prin intermediul caruia se contureaza un plan de actiune pentru un anumit domeniu de activitate .
Serviciile de consultanta sprijina
organizatiile , atat publice cat si private , sa analizeze si sa - si redefineasca strategiile proprii , sa imbunatateasca eficienta activitatilor si sa - si optimizeze resursele umane si tehnice .
Cererea pentru serviciile de consultanta este determinata de o serie intreaga de factori , situatia economica a pietelor dar si gradul de educare al clientilor fiind elemente importante .
Pe piata noastra , cererea cea mai frecventa din ultimii ani in domeniul consultantei este legata de pregatirea de proiecte
care sa beneficieze de finantare din partea Uniunii Europene , ceea ce a condus si la crearea unor furnizori strict specializati pe aceasta componenta .
CINE ARE NEVOIE DE CONSULTANTA ?
Specialistii aseamana rolul consultantilor cu cel al medicilor de a diagnostica si a veni cu recomandari .
Din aceasta perspectiva putem observa doua tipuri de relatii intre consultanti si clientii acestora .
Una dintre acestea este cea in care , in urma unei „ diagnosticari ” si oferirea de solutii , relatia se pastreaza ,
clientul revenind periodic pentru a primi in continuare noi pareri si solutii pentru rezultatele fiecarei actiuni , in vederea ajustarii treptate .
Cel de-al doilea tip de relatie este cazul in care este ceruta o solutie imediata , unica si fara alte complicatii , fiind o misiune foarte dificila pentru consultant .
DATELE NOASTRE LE GASITI PE https://coltucsiasociatii.ro/
– SERVICIILE DE RECUPERARE CREANTE si https://coltuc.ro/
– SERVICII DE CONSULTANTA AFACERI
Sootle Social News Website
Welcome to Sootle .
Sootle is a social news rating website .
You may be looking for our popular Web Directory , or our Internet Marketing Blog , or you can check out our Webmaster Tools , or find out what your website is worth .
A total of 1480 stories have been thumbd 891 times , by our 156 registered users , who have made 69 comments .
What Creature is This ?
Apparently Loverboy did n't sing a song about Armadillo and Lizard DNA not splicing .
I suppose if you just pop on some Barry White , they 'll make sweet love and this will be the bastard lovechild ... imagine this sneaking into your trailer home !
Dutch F - 16s pass at extremely low altitudes during training .
Error :
You have to enable JavaScript in order to play this video .
You can place this video on your website by inserting the ( X ) HTML code below :
Options : Player width : pixels Player height : pixels Autoplay :
If you were freaked out by the spooky Big Dog quadruped robot , you are going to love seeing it in action alongside US Army soldiers , following them like a smart giant dog .
Advertisement
And that 's what it is : A really smart giant dog .
Big Dog — which is being developed by robotics company Boston Dynamics — has some of the most advanced artificial intelligence and navigation systems in the planet .
In fact , US Army officials are stunned by its programmed behaviors , which make Big Dog extremely helpful in the battlefield .
Advertisement
Big Dog can run along soldiers , walk slowly , or lay down to be loaded or unloaded , all while being aware of the terrain around it .
No matter what happens , or how hard it's hit , the robot maintains its course like Captain America , but without falling on the ground under any circumstances .
The only way to get him off its path is by a major direct hit , which could mean a rocket or President Obama 's defense cuts — although , since it is low cost and not a Cold War - era weapon , it probably will survive the crisis .
Even while they are not yet ready for actual battlefield action , the US Army has high hopes for this beast .
They see it as the most effective way to carry all kinds of material , reducing the weight that soldiers have to tug along , freeing them to move faster and be safer .
Right now , they only need to make Big Dogs quieter — they still buzz like a billion angry bees — and increase their autonomy .
If there are no unforeseen problems , they will get into the battlefields in just a few years .
With drones now taking over the skies , it 's only a matter of time before a Big Dog 2.0 arrives .
In fact , many analysts are already pointing at the possibility of bi-pedal robots fighting alongside soldiers or replacing them entirely .
Science fiction authors have imagined this scenario many times , from Terminator to Metal Gear Solid 4 , in which " geckos " — the two - leg Velociraptor - like fighting robots shown in this video — are clearly inspired by Big Dog 's biological design .
Advertisement
For all the technological terror they inspire among anyone who sees them , however , they can't match the hilarious spoof that some troupe did a while ago .
Sadly , the idea of Big Dogs , Terminators , or " geckos " taking over the battlefield — or the world — is not funny at all .
Video of BigDog Beta Quadruped Robot Is So Stupid It 's Hilarious
If you thought Humanity was damned after watching the latest BigDog quadruped robot , prepare to …
Read more
Editor 's note :
This article originally appeared in the April 1990 issue of Scientific American , under the title " Mandelbrot Set - To . "
We are posting it now to coincide with our reporting on a talk this week by Benoit Mandelbrot at Columbia University on fractals and financial markets .
The phrasing of some references to dates has been changed , in brackets , for clarity .
Who discovered the Mandelbrot set ?
This is not a trick question — or a trivial one .
The set has been called ( in this magazine ) " the most complex object in mathematics . "
That is debatable , yet it is almost certainly the most famous such object .
The infinitely intricate computer - generated image of the set serves as an icon for the burgeoning field of chaos theory and has attracted enormous public attention .
The set is named after Benoit B. Mandelbrot , a mathematician at the IBM Thomas J. Watson Research Center .
He is best known for coining the term fractal to describe phenomena ( such as coastlines , snowflakes , mountains and trees ) whose patterns repeat themselves at smaller and smaller scales .
Mandelbrot claims that he and he alone discovered the Mandelbrot set — which has fractal properties — about a decade ago .
He refers to its image as his " signature . "
Three other mathematicians have challenged his claim .
Two maintain that they independently discovered and described the set at about the same time as Mandelbrot did .
A third asserts that his work on the set not only predated Mandelbrot 's efforts but also helped to guide them .
These assertions have long circulated in the mathematics community but have only recently surfaced in print .
Mathematicians are not known for priority battles , but Mandelbrot — a self - described " black sheep " — has often bumped heads with colleagues .
" Were it not for his personality , " remarks Robert L. Devaney of Boston University , who says he admires Mandelbrot 's work , " there would be no controversy . "
The scientific stakes are also high .
Even those who scorn the set 's popularity acknowledge its mathematical significance .
Dennis P. Sullivan of the City University of New York calls it a " crucible " for testing ideas about the behavior of dynamical ( or nonlinear , or complex , or chaotic ) systems .
" It is really quite fundamental , " he says .
Part of the charm of the set is that it springs from such a simple equation : z2 + c .
The terms z and c are complex numbers , which consist of an imaginary number ( a multiple of the square root of – 1 ) combined with a real number .
One begins by assigning a fixed value to c , letting z = 0 and calculating the output .
One then repeatedly recalculates , or iterates , the equation , substituting each new output for z .
Some values of c , when plugged into this iterative function , produce outputs that swiftly soar toward infinity .
Other values of c produce outputs that eternally skitter about within a certain boundary .
This latter group of c's , or complex numbers , constitutes the Mandelbrot set .
When plotted on a graph consisting of all complex numbers , the members of the set cluster into a distinctive shape .
From afar , it is not much to look at : it has been likened to a tumor - ridden heart , a beetle , a badly burned chicken and a warty figure eight on its side .
A closer look reveals that the borders of the set do not form crisp lines but seem to shimmer like flames .
Repeated magnification of the borders plunges one into a bottomless phantasmagoria of baroque imagery .
Some forms , such as the basic heartlike shape , keep recurring but always with subtle differences .
Today virtually anyone with a personal computer can " discover " the set .
But [ in 1979 ] computers were much less powerful , and few mathematicians associated computers with serious mathematics .
Even Mandelbrot has described his first tentative steps toward the set in 1979 as " mindless fun . "
He began using a computer to map out Julia sets , which are generated by plugging complex numbers into iterative functions .
The sets ' peculiar properties had been described as early as 1906 by the French mathematician Pierre Fatou .
They were named later for Gaston Julia , who successfully claimed that his work on the sets some dozen years later had greater significance than Fatou's .
Mandelbrot , who was born [ in 1924 ] in Poland , had read the work of both men and studied under Julia in the 1940's .
Mandelbrot 's early computer images served to confirm his suspicion that Julia sets have fractal properties .
He says he began producing recognizable pictures of the Mandelbrot set — which in a sense is a generalized version of all Julia sets — in late 1979 .
Mandelbrot subsequently displayed images of the set and elaborated on its significance in speeches , papers and books .
This discovery and his other work in fractals were also celebrated in the media , in numerous books ( notably the best - seller Chaos , by former New York Times reporter James Gleick ) and in IBM advertisements .
No one denies that Mandelbrot 's pictures and descriptions spurred other mathematicians to study the set .
Two prominent examples are John H. Hubbard of Cornell University and Adrien Douady of the University of Paris .
In the early 1980 's — in the course of proving that tiny " islands " surrounding the main body of the set are linked to it by infinitesimal filaments — they named the set after Mandelbrot .
" Mandelbrot was the first one to produce pictures of it , using a computer , and to start giving a description of it , " Douady wrote in 1986 .
Douady now says , however , that he and other mathematicians began to think that Mandelbrot took too much credit for work done by others on the set and in related areas of chaos .
" He loves to quote himself , " Douady says , " and he is very reluctant to quote others who are n't dead . "
[ In the fall of 1989 ] Steven G. Krantz of Washington University aired some of these grievances in the Mathematical Intelligencer , a quarterly journal .
The main point of his article was that fractals , computer - generated graphics and other " popular " mathematical phenomena associated with Mandelbrot have contributed little of substance to mathematics , especially in comparison to the publicity they have garnered .
This view — and its opposite , which holds that Mandelbrot 's " popular " work has been a stimulating force in mathematics — had been voiced before .
Krantz introduced a new element into the debate , however , by stating that the Mandelbrot set " was not invented by Mandelbrot but occurs explicitly in the literature a couple of years before the term ' Mandelbrot set ' was coined . "
He cited a paper by Robert Brooks and J. Peter Matelski published in the proceedings of a 1978 conference at Stony Brook , N.Y .
Sure enough , the paper contains the famous z2 + c formula and a crude but unmistakable computer printout of the set 's basic image .
Brooks and Matelski say they did not actually present the paper at the 1978 conference , but they did circulate it as a preprint in early 1979 .
Brooks , who is now at the University of California at Los Angeles , also presented the paper at Harvard University in the spring of that year .
( Mandelbrot , who held an appointment at Harvard then , says he did not hear Brooks speak and only saw the paper years later . )
The paper was not published , however , until early 1981 .
In a rebuttal to Krantz 's article , called " Some ' Facts ' that Evaporate upon Examination , " Mandelbrot noted that he " fully published " on the Mandelbrot set before Brooks and Matelski did .
( Mandelbrot 's paper , published in the December 26 , 1980 , Annals of the New York Academy of Sciences , features a function and image that are variants of those now associated with the Mandelbrot set , which Mandelbrot did not publish until 1982 . )
Mandelbrot also suggested that even if Brooks and Matelski's publication had preceded his , they still could not be considered discoverers of the set , because they did not appreciate its significance .
" [ They were ] close to something that was to prove special , but they gave no thought to the picture , " he wrote .
Brooks retorted in the following issue of the Intelligencer : " I do n't know how he can be so sure of what we gave thought to and what we did n't . "
Brooks says he respects Mandelbrot 's achievements as a popularizer and does not object to the set 's being named after him .
" It makes more sense than ' the thing with the big cardioid , ' " he says , recalling how he and Matelski had referred to the set .
" I just wish Mandelbrot were a little more gentlemanly . "
Matelski , who works at the Hartford Graduate Center in Connecticut , notes that neither he nor Brooks asked Krantz to credit them with having discovered the Mandelbrot set .
( Krantz confirms that another mathematician drew his attention to their paper . )
But now that the issue has become public , Matelski says he and Brooks should be acknowledged as co-discoverers with Mandelbrot .
" You do n't have to fully exploit the mineral resources of a continent to discover it , " Matelski was quoted as saying in the Hartford Courant , a newspaper that reported on the dispute in December [ 1989 ] .
" All you have to do is kneel down and kiss the beach . "
A subtly different claim of precedence has been made by Hubbard , who is now considered one of the world 's experts on the Mandelbrot set .
In 1976 , he explains , he began using a computer to map out sets of complex numbers generated by an iterative process known as Newton 's method .
Hubbard says he did not realize it then , but he had found a different way of generating the Mandelbrot set .
In late 1978 one of Hubbard 's graduate students , Frederick Kochman , approached Mandelbrot at a conference and showed him Hubbard 's pictures .
Mandelbrot " did n't seem very interested , " Kochman recalls .
Yet shortly thereafter Mandelbrot wrote a letter to Hubbard inviting him to IBM to discuss his work .
In the letter , which Hubbard kept , Mandelbrot wrote : " When sampling the works of Fatou and Julia , I had thought of doing these things myself , but had not mustered the courage .
Nevertheless I can claim that I was awaiting your pictures for a long long time . "
Hubbard says he went to IBM early in 1979 and , while there , told Mandelbrot how to program a computer to plot the output of iterative functions .
Hubbard concedes that he did not appreciate the full significance of his own images then and that they showed only pieces of the Mandelbrot set .
He also admits that Mandelbrot developed a superior method for generating images .
Nevertheless , Hubbard says he was and continues to be " outraged " that Mandelbrot did not give him credit in the 1980 paper and later writings .
" It was a breach of mathematical ethics , " he asserts .
Mandelbrot recalls seeing " one impressively early drawing of a Julia set " by Hubbard but denies that it contributed to his own discovery .
In response to Hubbard and Douady 's charge that he is stingy in granting credit , Mandelbrot says he has also been accused of overcitation .
He adds that his failure to cite the early finding of Brooks and Matelski might have spared them " derision " for " their failure to do anything with it . "
What about the suggestion of Hubbard , Matelski and Brooks that the true discoverer of the Mandelbrot set is Fatou , who was the first to define the set and speculate about its properties ?
Brooks even proposes that " if Fatou had had access to modern computing facilities , he could have and would have drawn pretty much the same pictures that Matelski , Mandelbrot and I did . "
Mandelbrot calls such speculation pointless and insists that Fatou 's definition of the Mandelbrot set does not constitute discovery .
" Definition counts for nothing , " he says .
" You have to say why something is important . "
Other mathematicians familiar with the case are somewhat bemused .
" It seems strange to me that there should be such a fuss , " remarks John Milnor of Princeton University .
He maintains that neither Brooks and Matelski nor Mandelbrot did anything mathematically important .
" Hubbard and Douady are the first ones to really obtain some sharp results , " he says , " and let us know something about the set . "
The dispute over precedence , Milnor suggests , may spring from a clash of different mathematical cultures .
" In pure mathematics , " he explains , " there is a tradition of letting others praise your work . "
Mandelbrot , he notes , is in applied mathematics .
" Mathematical developments do n't take place single - handedly , " William P. Thurston of Princeton points out , " and it 's pretty common that things are not named after the first person to develop them .
The Mandelbrot set follows that pattern . "
He suggests , however , that no one would begrudge recognizing Mandelbrot 's achievements if he would reciprocate more himself .
" He could be a bit more magnanimous , " Thurston says .
Sullivan , who has also been acclaimed for his studies of the Mandelbrot set , calls himself " sort of a defender of Mandelbrot . "
Mandelbrot deserves to have the set named after him , Sullivan says , because his efforts brought the set to the attention of both the public and of the pure - mathematics community .
The fact that it was only " by coincidence " that the set proved later to be mathematically significant , Sullivan says , in no way diminishes Mandelbrot 's achievement .
" That 's the wonderful thing about mathematics , " he adds .
" Even amateurs can make important contributions . "
So who did discover the Mandelbrot set ?
Sullivan calls the question meaningless .
Perhaps .
Sheldon Axler , editor of the Intelligencer , plans to publish a letter pointing out that the Hungarian mathematician F. Riesz reported on work related to the set in 1952 .
The final answer , if pursued , seems likely to recede in a blur of ever finer detail .
By Jimmy Rogers
Contributing Writer , [ GAS ]
[ SFW - Warning ]
This article is work safe , but the links are probably not .
It appears that once again , the Land of the Rising Sun has taken something completely normal and made it into hot anime chicks .
This phenomenon is called “ Moe ” and it actually means taking inanimate objects and making them into female characters .
In this case , it sort of makes sense because it ’s intended to help you learn The Periodic Table of Elements .
What better to make you remember Sodium than a sexy girl baking bread ?
Ok , so maybe that one does n’t make a whole lot of sense , but you get the point .
Normally the elements are hard to mentally characterize , especially as you climb to the higher numbers .
Give each one a little “ personality ” and voila , you ’ve got yourself a boobtastic mnemonic .
Magnesium here seems to have more than a little of that personality .
I guess you can remember that the element is very reactive when burned ?
Anyway , each page has extra info about the elements and who discovered them .
What will they think of next ?
The book , by the way , is called Genso Shuki Moete Oboeru Kagaku no Kihon , and it retails for $ 30 at HimeyaShop.com .
[ Akiba Blog via techyum ]
MOSCOW ( Reuters ) - Astronauts on Russia ’s Soyuz spacecraft were forced to manually dock with the International Space Station ( ISS ) on Saturday after an engine failure knocked out the automatic docking system , Russian space officials said .
Slideshow ( 4 images )
The shuttle is carrying U.S. billionaire and Microsoft developer Charles Simonyi , who may become one of the last civilians to be taken to the ISS as the financial crisis hampers efforts to expand the space fleet , Vitaly Lopota , head of space corporation Energiya , told a briefing .
The malfunction , which occurred when the ship was less than 100 meters from the ISS , will force Energiya to review the algorithms behind the docking system it programs into its ships , Lopota said .
“ At one point , one of the engines gave out , and the computer system decided that this loss was quite serious and went into the so - called retreat mode , ” Vladimir Solovyov , the chief of Russian mission control , told the briefing .
“ We asked the crew not to allow the retreat , and to take matters into their own hands .
After the captain of the crew decided that the engine was working well enough ... we gave him permission to go into manual mode , ” Solovyov , a veteran cosmonaut , said .
Russia ’s Gennady Padalka , the captain of the ship , manually docked it at 1304 GMT , nine minutes ahead of schedule , and both the crew and the vessel are fine , mission control said .
“ The situation was never out of control , ” Lopota added .
Concerns have been raised about the safety of the Soyuz TMA spacecrafts before because some of the most recent re-entries have not gone smoothly .
There were so - called “ ballistic ” landings where the entry into the atmosphere was steeper than usual , exposing the crews to intense gravitational force .
CREDIT CRUNCH HITS OUTER SPACE
Hungarian - born Simonyi , 60 , made his fortune developing software at Microsoft and has now made history as the first space tourist to make the journey twice .
But as Russia increases the size of the crews it sends to the ISS , there will be no more room for space tourists , even though they pay tens of millions of dollars for the privilege of joining a mission .
Adding a fifth craft to the Russian fleet has also become unfeasible as credit markets dry up , blocking access to loans that help pay for the complex feats of engineering , Lopota said .
“ Normally we would take financial resources from banks ... but the current financial situation is not allowing us to do that , ” he said .
“ Additional financial decisions must be made to open up these possibilities , and if these decisions are taken , then another ship could be ready in two and a half to three years , ” Lopota added .
Russia has borne the brunt of sending crews and cargo to the multinational ISS since the U.S. Space Shuttle Columbia disintegrated on re-entry in 2003 , killing its crew of seven .
A grid of small arteries at the surface of the brain redirects flow and widens at critical points to restore blood supply to tissue starved of nutrients and oxygen following a stroke , a study published this week has found .
" This is optimistic news , " said David Kleinfeld , a physics professor at the University of California , San Diego , whose group studies blood flow in animal models of stroke .
Damage from stroke can continue for hours or even days as compromised brain tissue surrounding the core injury succumbs to deprivation of oxygen and nutrients .
" This is the area doctors are trying to protect after a stroke , " said Andy Shih , a postdoctoral fellow in Kleinfeld 's group who conducted the experiments .
" Those neurons are teetering on the edge of death and survival . "
Previous work with animal models had found that blood flow can persistently slow in the aftermath of a stroke , which would hinder the delivery of drugs that might help recovery .
But those studies only measured the speed of the blood .
By measuring both the speed of blood cells moving through individual small arteries and the diameters of the same vessels , the scientists found that the arteries dilate to maintain a constant delivery of blood cells .
" You find that the velocity has gone down , but that the diameter — on average — exactly compensates , " Kleinfeld said .
Patrick Drew and Philbert Tsai in Kleinfeld 's group , and Beth Friedman and Patrick Lyden , MD , of the neuroscience department at UC San Diego 's School of Medicine co-authored the paper .
Lyden , whose contributions to a 1995 study proved that the drug tPA can reverse the course of stroke when administered promptly , also directs the UC San Diego Stroke Center .
The Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow and Metabolism published their new finding online January 28 .
Key to this resilience , it seems , is the structure of the vascular network overlying the brain .
" Vessels on the surface of the brain have a mesh - like architecture , " Kleinfeld said .
" One consequence of that is that it operates like a grid system that redistributes " current flow as you need it . "
" City traffic freezes a lot less than you would think because once a street gets bogged down , you can move over to another street , " he said .
" This seems to be what happens on the surface of the brain . "
Flows through the surface vessels reversed and stalled , as previously observed , but those changes helped to redistribute blood to ensure a steady supply though vessels that penetrate into the brain .
Shih focused his measurements on small arteries , called arterioles , at the point where they dive into the brain to supply a discrete patch of the cortex , a juncture that is vulnerable to occlusions that can cause microstrokes this group 's previous work has found .
" These are extremely important .
A single penetrating arteriole will feed a column of tissue , " Shih said .
" These are bottlenecks in flow . "
The penetrating vessels neither reversed nor stalled , even though many connected to loops and bridges in the vascular network that could have allowed that to happen .
Even when the pressure dropped permanently as a result of stroke damage , wider lanes allowed the network to deliver red blood cells at the same rate .
" Diameter is the major determinant to how blood actually flows through vessels .
Open up a blood vessel a little bit and you 'll have a huge change in the amount of blood that goes through , " Shih said .
" Blood flow comes back , and it seems that these vessels are very resistant to the stroke .
They function quite normally . "
Source : University of California - San Diego
Surface arteries brain dive into the brain to feed capillaries .
The mesh - like network adjusts to restore normal supply when blood slows after a stroke .
( Photo Credit : Andy Shih )
This article is more than 11 years old
This article is more than 11 years old
Two people , a 17 - year - old youth and a 37 - year - old man , have been arrested in connection with the shooting of a policeman in Co Armagh last night .
Earlier in the day the dissident Continuity IRA republican group today claimed responsibility for killing 48 - year - old Stephen Paul Carroll , from Banbridge , Co Down .
In a coded message , the CIRA said the shooting in Craigavon had been carried out by its North Armagh " battalion " .
" As long as there is British involvement in Ireland , these attacks will continue , " the message said .
But Martin McGuinness , the Northern Ireland deputy first minister and a Sinn Féin leader , described those responsible for the attack as " traitors to the island of Ireland .
They do n't deserve the support of anyone " .
The peace process " will not fail because there 's far too much support for it on this island " , he said .
PC Carroll , who was married with a family , was shot dead after he and colleagues answered a woman 's call for help , apparently made after a window was broken .
The officers arrived at a housing estate near a Catholic church at Lismore Manor , in the Lismore area of Craigavon , 26 miles south - west of Belfast .
An assassin hiding nearby opened fire from behind the patrol car , fatally injuring the constable – the first member of the Police Service of Northern Ireland ( PSNI ) to be murdered by terrorists since the police service succeeded the Royal Ulster Constabulary in 2001 .
Today , PC Carroll 's wife Kate said the killers had destroyed her life as well .
She told the Belfast Telegraph : " A good husband has been taken away from me , and my life has been destroyed .
And what for ?
A piece of land that my husband is only going to get six feet of . "
The prime minister , Gordon Brown , insisted the shootings would not signal a return " to the old days " .
Speaking in London today , Brown said : " These are murderers who are trying to distort , disrupt and destroy a political process that is working for the people of Northern Ireland . "
His message was echoed by politicians on all sides in the UK and Ireland .
The Irish justice minister , Dermot Ahern , said dissidents were unwittingly wrecking their goal of a united Ireland .
McGuinness and the Northern Ireland first minister , Peter Robinson , postponed a visit to the US , where they had been due to meet Barack Obama to celebrate St Patrick 's Day .
Sir Hugh Orde , the chief constable of Northern Ireland , appealed for help in catching those responsible for the shooting .
Police say they are looking for a man in a light - coloured top who was seen running from the area .
Speaking at a press conference in the early hours of this morning , Orde described the killers as " cowards and criminals " and said : " This has got to stop .
" My police officers are men and women from within this community – your community – who have opted to protect and serve you .
They are your neighbours .
" This morning , the Police Service of Northern Ireland has lost an officer , " he said .
" But I say to you – the people living on this island – that you have lost a member of your community .
" This was not only an attack on the peace process , it was an attack on the community here . "
Orde was urged to call in the SAS in an attempt to thwart the dissident republicans .
But Shaun Woodward , the Northern Ireland secretary , ruled out a return of troops on the streets of the province .
PC Carroll was killed as dissident republicans intensified a terror campaign aimed at destabilising power - sharing in the province .
The CIRA was formed in 1994 as the clandestine armed wing of Republican Sinn Féin ( RSF ) , which split from Sinn Féin in 1986 .
" Continuity " refers to the group 's belief that it is continuing to fight for the original IRA goal of forcing the British from Northern Ireland .
The latest killing has compounded the sense of shock that followed the weekend 's double murder , by the Real IRA , of two British soldiers who died in a hail of gunfire outside the Massereene army barracks in Antrim .
Nationalist politicians joined unionists in condemning the latest murder .
Sinn Féin 's local assembly member , John O'Dowd , called on the entire community to back the PSNI investigation and said the killers would not drag Northern Ireland into the past .
Dolores Kelly , the SDLP assembly member for the area , warned : " We are staring into the abyss .
" There is little point appealing to the people who planned and did this , but all of us have to realise we are on the brink of something absolutely awful .
" All of us have to get together to pull ourselves back from the brink . "
The party representing one of the main loyalist terror groups , the Ulster Volunteer Force , appealed to the loyalist community to stay calm .
Dawn Purvis , the leader of the UVF - linked Progressive Unionist party , said : " The message remains the same – the perpetrators will not be allowed to damage our peace process . "
The two main parties in the Northern Ireland assembly , the Democratic Unionists and Sinn Féin , pledged to work together to ensure that the political process survives .
With an old computer and 30 dollars worth of off - the - shelf components , you can gear up with cutting edge avian monitoring technology and help save the birds .
For years , birdwatchers counted by sight during the daytime .
The night — when most migratory birds travel — was literally hidden to them .
But that 's changing .
Anyone can attach a microphone to a computer running birdcall - identifying software and track birds passing overhead in the darkness .
" You would n't be able to understand what 's happening at night without this technology , " said Andrew Farnsworth , a Cornell University ornithologist .
" And when it comes to recording the things I work on , that 's something anyone can do . "
Scientists already depend on citizen birdwatchers for data that provides the foundation for estimates of species health and behavior .
Their spare - time jottings are collated in efforts like the Great Backyard Bird Count , eBird , North American Bird Phenology Program and Project Feederwatch .
With hundreds of species threatened by habitat loss , climate change and pollution , that data is now invaluable for conservation efforts .
But because many species migrate at night and are hard to find during the daytime , birders can miss them , said Farnsworth , or are forced to use proxy measures :
If a bird seen yesterday is n't seen today , then it probably left .
" It 's not that the proxy methods are bad , " he said , " but we 're finding this method of nocturnal tracking can be incredibly powerful . "
For the last decade , Farnsworth has recorded the special calls used by migratory birds to coordinate their nocturnal flights , painstakingly matching sounds plucked from the night to individual species and then refining population - research methodologies by comparing his records to daytime observations .
Farnsworth uses high - tech microphones , but he learned his craft from William Evans , a former Cornell University ornithologist who developed the initial recording setup and pared it down for the DIY crowd .
" It 's one resistor , two capacitors , a 9 - volt battery , a microphone element , a dinner plate , some Saran wrap and a flower pot , " Evans said .
" It costs less than thirty bucks , and you can build it in a couple hours .
You can potentially monitor thousands of birds in a night .
And that 's something we 've never been able to do in the field . "
Farnsworth and his colleagues have accumulated about 30,000 hours of nighttime recordings from microphone - and - hard - drive setups deployed across the central and eastern United States .
Using software to extract bird calls from dead space , those recordings can be compressed to a length of several days .
A researcher can compile records of a whole migratory season from dozens of locations in less than a week .
" You 've gained a tremendous amount of information , much more efficiently , " said Farnsworth .
Instructions for your own bird - recording setup can be found at Evans ' website .
The microphone connects to a computer running standard audio recording software , and can be put on a roof or out a window .
Because the microphone is tuned specifically to the high frequencies used for migratory bird calls — which are much higher than frequencies used in mate - attracting or territory - marking birdsong — traffic and airplane noise does n't register .
A single hard drive can hold a season 's recordings .
Software to compress the recordings and identify individual species can also be downloaded from Evans ' site .
These are , for the moment ,
Windows - only , but programmers who can help port them to other operating systems are welcome , and can obtain the source code from Evans .
Bird identification software is still relatively rudimentary , tagging roughly a dozen species , compared to the hundreds that can be identified by trained listeners .
Other species are being added as quickly as they can be linked to flight calls , said Farnsworth , but for now DIY bird monitors should send their recordings to the Cornell laboratory .
" We can turn one expert observer into a hundred , or a thousand , by deploying these microphones and getting information back to a group of people who know how to identify the tough things and summarize it , " he said .
In the next several years , Farnsworth hopes to partner with conservation organizations to establish online communities where avian audiophiles can upload their recordings , producing databases like those already established by citizen birdwatchers .
Audio recordings will supplement visual observations , allowing researchers to generate ever - more - clear pictures of species health and migratory patterns that have yet to be understood .
" You go 20 miles in one direction , 20 in another , and you have a different pattern , " said Evans .
" These are very complex routes that vary from year to year at different sites .
And over the next 100 years , once we have the reference data sets out there , people will be able to monitor from their homes and start filling in the gaps . "
Even if every species can't yet be identified with software , birders can still take pleasure from connecting with an avian world otherwise hidden to their eyes and ears .
" You can get information about birds flying from Canada to South
America from your house , from a window in New York City , " said Evans .
__See Also : __
Brandon Keim's Twitter stream and Del.icio.us feed ; Wired Science on Facebook .
( h/t Heather )
Jon Stewart made Jim Cramer look like a wounded puppy tonight as the CNBC host joined The Daily Show after a full week of back - and - forth .
It all started when Cramer got perturbed by a segment TDS did on CNBC 's financial network ( Jon Stewart Eviscerates CNBC and Rick Santelli ) .
He was so mad that he showed up on a bunch of NBC shows crying about the way he was portrayed .
Stewart really just said what all of America wanted to say to Wall Street : F*&K You !
Tonight we had the big face - off , the heavyweight bout , the Super Bowl square - off between CNBC's Jim Cramer and Comedy Central 's Jon Stewart .
Cramer was especially upset about being included in a segment TDS produced on the horrible and almost criminal reporting CNBC has been airing as THE go - to business network after CNBC's Rick Santelli attacked average working - class people who got caught up in the sub - prime mortgage crisis .
Santelli dubbed them as " losers . "
Well , the only loser tonight was Cramer and CNBC .
Jim basically sat there , starry - eyed like a lost puppy , and was virtually silent throughout the three - segment show featuring him .
He basically waved the white flag and said , " You got me . "
Comedy Central had to edit out eight minutes of video to accommodate the show format , and it will be available on their website tomorrow .
Stewart 's point was that Wall Street got fat off of all our pension plans , 401K 's and long - term investments , while the " Fast Money " crowd cashed in our long - term investments -- and CNBC was complicit in the entire gambit ...
I wonder if Rick Santelli will show his face on Stewart 's set ?
Highly unlikely .
Here 's more : Stewart hammers Cramer on ' The Daily Show '
HOLDER , MEDICAL MARIJUANA , AND GOP IRE ….
About a month ago , Attorney General Eric Holder told reporters that the Justice Department will no longer raid medical marijuana clubs legally established in states .
The announcement fulfills a campaign promise President Obama made last year .
Yesterday , Holder followed up by clarifying the shift in law enforcement of federal drug laws .
Speaking with reporters , Mr. Holder provided few specifics but said the Justice Department ’s enforcement policy would now be restricted to traffickers who falsely masqueraded as medical dispensaries and “ use medical marijuana laws as a shield . ”
In the Bush administration , federal agents raided medical marijuana distributors that violated federal statutes even if the dispensaries appeared to be complying with state laws .
The raids produced a flood of complaints , particularly in California , which in 1996 became the first state to legalize marijuana sales to people with doctors ’ prescriptions .
Graham Boyd , the director of the American Civil Liberties Union drug law project , said Mr. Holder ’s remarks created a reasonable balance between conflicting state and federal laws and “ seem to finally end the policy war over medical marijuana . ”
He said officials in California and the 12 other states that have authorized the use of medical marijuana had hesitated to adopt regulations to carry out their laws because of uncertainty created by the Bush administration . [… ]
He said dispensaries operating in accord with California law would not be a priority for the administration .
This strikes me as something of a no- brainer , but Sen.
Chuck Grassley ( R - Iowa ) is nevertheless outraged by Holder ’s remarks .
“ This Attorney General is not doing health care reform any good , ” said Grassley .
“ The first rule of medicine — ‘ do no harm ’ — is being violated by the Attorney General with this decision . ”
Grassley , using talking points I have n’t heard in a while , insisted that pot is a “ gateway drug ” that could lead to methamphetamine abuse .
( He did n’t say what led him to this conclusion . )
As for the notion that Holder is “ not doing health care reform any good ” because he ’ll allow states to follow their own drug laws , it ’s scary to think a major initiative like health care reform would be undermined , even a little , by a simple Justice Department shift .
Episode 18 : In which I finally relocate to America and get all of the obligatory trite observations out of the way in one go
There comes a point after making any irreversible life decision – usually a couple of weeks in – where one of two things hits you .
Either a feeling of euphoric disbelief that you did n't made the decision sooner , or a gutting realisation that you 've made such a gargantuan error that no number of mitigating factors will ever douse the flames of regret tearing through your brain .
You 're on a road to either heaven or hell , but either way there 's no turning back .
My own moment of realisation came this past Sunday , at a little under 90 mph , with Rob Dougan 's Clubbed To Death cranked up to 11 , just after Scott and I had pulled on to the Pacific Coast Highway in our ( borrowed ) convertible Porsche Boxster .
We 'd just had brunch at Buck 's in Woodside and were heading down the coast for no reason apart from to enjoy the clear skies and the view .
Glancing down at the date on my phone , it suddenly occurred to me that a year ago – very nearly to the day – I was on this exact same road , driving an equally convertible 1971 Dodge Challenger from LA to San Diego for ETech .
And I could n't believe it had taken me 12 whole months to decide to move here .
Back in January , I wrote about my sadness at leaving America – and San Francisco in particular – just as Barack Obama was elected president and America entered its biggest period of uncertainty since Khrushchev asked Castro what the parking was like in downtown San Cristóbal .
A few weeks later my agent ( a thing it 's impossible to have without sounding like a wanker ) called to say that the deal for my next book had finally been agreed – a development which meant I 'd have to stop gallivanting around the world for a while and settle in one place to get some serious writing done .
From that point , the decision stopped being a decision at all – and from phone call to interview at Grosvenor Square to visa to arriving at SFO last Monday with my trusty suitcase on wheels , my journey took less than a fortnight .
I realise of course the news that I 'll be based here for the foreseeable future will come as a huge disappointment to those who were looking forward to an update on Iceland 's ant population .
To those who are actually interested in technology , though , it should hopefully be good news .
San Francisco is a technophile 's waking wet dream ; a 24 - hour nocturnal emission of innovation and electronic enthusiasm .
And to a transplanted Brit , the sense of wonder is even greater when you realise that the cool services and products you 've only read about on Techcrunch or Twitter – the Hulu , the Kindle 2 , the Tesla Roadster – are actually available here .
It 's like suddenly getting a visa to live in Minority Report or Back to the Future II .
Except for the hoverboards .
There are still no fucking hoverboards .
But relocating the column here for a while also poses a risk .
A risk that I 'll spend the rest of the year playing the " stranger in a strange land / innocent abroad / legal alien " card , totally ignoring new developments in technology and instead centring each column on a trite but mildly jolly UK vs US observation , like some kind of wide - eyed , less jocular techno Bill Bryson .
A hideous prospect , I 'm sure you 'll agree , and one I 'm keen to avoid .
So , instead , I 've decided to get it all out of my system in one go – to list all 41 trite observations , one for each remaining week of the year , in a single column .
A column which , having been written , I hope we can all take as read .
Ready ?
Here goes ...
" One of the things I 've noticed since I arrived in America is ... "
1 ) At some point in the country 's linguistic development they apparently decided that herbs should be pronounced as " erbs " and fillet as " fill -ay " , like French people do .
To compensate for this , they call a cafetiere a " French press " and a croissant a " crescent roll " .
2 ) There is nothing funnier than watching an American order a Cockburn 's after dinner .
3 ) Turns out Hulu in this country is n't just an error message , but actually a really cool and easy way to watch TV shows and films for free .
4 ) Unfortunately , like American network TV , Hulu is interrupted by adverts every 10 nano seconds .
I miss iPlayer .
5 ) Each hour of American television can be broken down as follows : 10 minutes of commercials for junk food , 10 minutes of commercials for prescription medication ( which can be further broken down into one minute of benefits , nine of side - effects ) , 10 minutes of commercials for lawyers who can help you claw back money to pay for more junk food and medication , 13 minutes of an announcer telling you what you are currently watching , 13 minutes of an announcer telling you what 's " up next " , two minutes of cop show re-runs , two minutes of a family - based cartoon series .
6 ) The exception to the above is HBO which is 60 full minutes of promotion for their upcoming Will Farrell live special .
7 ) Seeing BBC.co.uk with ads is like seeing your dad giving Satan a reacharound .
8 ) Opening a bank account in this country – even if you 're not a citizen – is a joy .
Ten minutes , two forms of ID , in and out .
And when you walk through the door , a nice lady says hello to you .
This is very unsettling .
9 ) They also set up internet banking and your ATM Pin while you wait .
To a former Barclays customer , this is like witnessing magic .
10 ) If anyone 's looking for all the chrome , it 's on the fire engines .
11 ) Apparently there is a newspaper in the world called " The London Times " .
12 ) And tea can be served with cream .
13 ) Tea served with cream tastes like a baby has been sick in it .
14 ) A few days after I arrived I found myself having dinner with both Michael Arrington and Loic LeMeur .
At any given San Francisco event , there 's an 90 % chance you 'll run into someone you felt quite comfortable mocking from the safety of London .
15 ) Fortunately , Americans do have a sense of humour .
16 ) Except when it comes to sarcasm which must always be followed by the words " I 'm kidding " .
17 ) Perhaps in response to the fact that I keep giving cab drivers $ 50 bills instead of $ 5s , the US treasury has slowly started to add tiny flashes of colour to distinguish between different denominations of bill .
At the current rate , money will be full colour by 2096 , like the world 's longest remake of Pleasantville .
18 ) For some reason , when San Francisco shopkeepers or bartenders hear a British accent , they feel the need to use the word " cheers " instead of " thanks " .
This sounds as weird as a Brit using " bucks " as slang for dollars or an Australian speaking French .
19 ) Cab drivers in San Francisco have no idea where anything is .
If you asked one to drive you to one end of the road and back again , you 'd still have to tell him the cross -street .
20 ) But even if you made that journey back and forth ' til the end of time , it would only cost you less than taking a black cab down Oxford Street .
21 ) Even using a British debit card , and with the pound in the toilet , you can still fill up a Porsche Boxster and have change from 30 quid .
22 ) Over here the pound is actually " using the restroom " .
23 ) American service is astonishing .
You could give a labrador puppy a handjob with a Prozac glove and it still would n't be as pleased to see you as the staff of the Leland Tea shop on Bush Street .
24 ) There are more than 80,000 kinds of American toast , 700 ways to cook an American egg but only one way to make American bacon .
And it is n't pretty .
25 ) In restaurants , it is impossible to finish a glass of water before it 's refilled .
The state of California is permanently in the grip of a water shortage .
No one seems to have connected these facts .
26 ) Free universal healthcare is tantamount to Communism .
Free soft drink refills are a basic human right .
27 ) Newcastle Brown
Ale is a delicacy .
28 ) The announcement this week that the Guardian is opening up all of its content back to 1999 to developers , while American newspapers openly discuss circling the pay - per - view wagons , makes me proud that I write for a newspaper owed by a charitable trust in a " socialist " country .
29 ) The ability to receive Twitter updates by text message has finally introduced America to the magic of SMS – a technology the rest of the world took for granted by 1998 .
30 ) Adoption of new technology here is highly selective .
Minicab drivers have Priuses , hookers accept PayPal but the idea of a three - pin plug is only just beginning to catch on .
31 ) The Onion newspaper 's headlines are brilliantly satirical , but the body of its editorial often stretches the joke into unfunniness .
The Fox News Channel does the exact opposite .
Both are still wonderful .
32 ) You must immediately look up the " ShamWow " commercial on Youtube .
You 're welcome .
33 ) The Kindle 2 knocks the Sony Reader into a cocked hat .
Unfortunately , thanks to the ridiculous anachronism that is territorial publishing rights , the rest of the world will just have to take my word for that .
34 ) Ask someone in Cupertino to name a British rock star and chances are they 'll say Jonathan Ive .
35 ) Almost no one here has heard of Father Ted , Jonathan Creek , Yes Minister or Blackadder .
And yet they can all hum the Benny Hill theme tune .
36 ) Russell Brand and " bell - end " : over here , it turns out neither are synonyms for a bit of a cock .
37 ) Thanks to the movie , when you mention David Frost to an American , they picture Tony Blair doing an impression of Austin Powers .
38 ) If you want to stun an American , forget about using a tazer – just ask " who the fuck is Mr Rogers ? "
39 ) Julie Myerson , European football , Palestinians : just three of the things the media here does n't give a toss about .
40 ) Over here , Wolfram Alpha will be considered a British success story like Bebo , Last.fm and WWII are .
Which is to say that the Americans will claim that , without them , it would all be coded in German .
41 ) " Double the tax " sounds simple but only natural born Americans will ever understand the rules of tipping .
See also : American football .
" ... I mean what 's that about ? "
There !
All done !
Now I can get on with the important business of making enemies of Valley entrepreneurs and getting drunk at American tech events , starting next week with South By South West in Austin , unfettered by the need to mention any of the above ever again .
Well , except for the 'erbs thing .
I mean , seriously .
Paul Carr is author of Bringing Nothing To The Party : True Confessions of a New Media Whore .
He blogs at paulcarr.com
• This article was amended on Friday 13 March 2008 .
In the article above we said Boxter when we meant Boxster .
This has been changed .
EXCLUSIVE :
A veteran Chinese intelligence officer who defected to the United States says that his country ’s civilian spy service spends most of its time trying to steal secrets overseas but also works to bolster Beijing ’s Communist Party rule by repressing religious and political dissent internally .
“ In some sense you can say that intelligence work between two countries is just like war but without the fire , ” Li Fengzhi told The Washington Times in an interview aided by an interpreter .
Mr. Li worked for years as an Ministry of State Security intelligence officer inside China before defecting to the United States , where is he awaiting a response to his request for political asylum .
He gave a rare , detailed interview to The Times on Sunday regarding the activities of the MSS , China ’s Communist - controlled civilian spy agency .
His prior work as a Chinese spy was confirmed to The Times by a Western government source familiar with his defection .
The source spoke on the condition of anonymity because of the sensitivity of Mr. Li ’s case .
Mr. Li told The Times that the MSS focuses on both counterintelligence - working against foreign intelligence agencies - and the collection of secrets and technology .
The MSS , however , is unique from other nations ’ intelligence services in that it is patterned after the former Soviet Union ’s KGB political police .
Its most important mission is “ to control the Chinese people to maintain the rule of the Communist Party , ” he added .
Wang Baodong , a spokesman for the Chinese Embassy in Washington , did not address Mr. Li’s comments directly but repeated past Chinese government statements regarding its intelligence activities .
“ Allegations of China conducting spying activities against the United States are groundless and unwarranted , ” he said Wednesday .
“ China never engages itself in activities that will harm other countries ’ national interests . ”
Mr. Wang said communist rule in China produced historic economic and social progress and that China has contributed to a more secure world .
“ This is a fact no one can deny , ” Mr. Wang said .
On those who leave the party , Mr. Wang said “ there are also a handful of people who betray their faith and leave the party , whose acts as well as some people ’s political lies will never shadow the great feats of the party . ”
Mr. Li said he left China ’s intelligence services to protest the agency ’s role in government repression of political dissidents and religious groups that are outside of the ruling communist system .
The MSS , mainly a foreign intelligence service , is “ deeply ” involved in domestic repression of nonofficial Christian churches and the outlawed Falun Gong religious group , Mr. Li said .
“ The Ministry of State Security is actually not doing things for the security of the country , but rather they spend a lot of effort to control the people , the dissidents , the lower - class Chinese people , and make these people suffer and also make their life miserable , ” he said .
In the interview , he also said :
• China ’s spy agency is focused on sending spies to infiltrate the U.S. intelligence community , and also on collecting secrets and technology from the United States .
“ China spends a tremendous effort to send out spies to important countries like the U.S. to collect information , ” Mr. Li said .
• China is censoring the Internet to prevent the population from knowing about what occurs outside the country .
• An internal MSS manual that is kept secret from most officers outlines the primary role of the service as the promotion of Communist Party ’s interests .
• Ongoing cooperation between the CIA and FBI and the MSS in countering international terrorism can be constructive , but U.S. agencies need to be cautious because the MSS is mainly an organ of the Chinese Communist Party , and does not directly serve the interests of the Chinese nation or people , he said .
Mr. Li said he worked in the MSS department in charge of gathering economic , political and technical information in Eastern Europe and Central Asia .
Some of the work involved targeting and recruiting foreign nationals who visit China .
He was born in 1968 in northern China and was first recruited into a provincial Chinese intelligence service before being promoted to the MSS in Beijing after several years .
Two groups in China that are a main focus of the MSS are unofficial Christian churches and the outlawed Falun Gong religious group , he said .
The MSS also has targeted pro-democracy activists , like those who were involved in the mass demonstrations in Beijing ’s Tiananmen Square in 1989 , he said .
The MSS is China ’s main civilian spy service that is viewed by U.S. intelligence officials as one of the world ’s most active in stealing secrets and running foreign spies .
The military counterpart , the Second Department of the People ’s Liberation Army , or 2PLA , is focused on stealing foreign technology , much of it for weapons and military systems .
Together , the Chinese services are estimated to have several thousand trained operatives working around the world , most posing as diplomats , journalists , business representatives and academics .
Thousands of other Chinese nationals also function as semiprofessional information gatherers .
Former FBI Special Agent I.C. Smith , a specialist in Chinese counterintelligence , confirmed that the MSS focuses its activities on penetrating U.S. intelligence and government agencies .
“ The goal of every intelligence agency is to get someone inside , and in the case of Chinese , they use not just intelligence people but academics and everybody else , ” Mr. Smith said in an interview .
Mr. Li said his access to information that was banned for the general public helped him to turn against the system , including internal reports on party ideology and information on American values of freedom and democracy .
Mr. Li said that as a doctoral candidate , the MSS sent him to study at an American university , an experience that influenced in his decision to defect .
In 2004 , after he defected , he was declared an enemy of the state by the MSS in at least two notices sent to security offices in China .
According to U.S. counterintelligence officials , China , unlike the Soviet Union , has had only a small number of defections of intelligence officers like Mr. Li over the past 30 years .
Another spy who defected was a Chinese intelligence officer known publicly by the code - name “ Planesman , ” who gave the FBI data that led to 1985 arrest of CIA interpreter Larry Wu - Tai Chin .
Another intelligence defector was Sr. Col .
Yu Jungping , a military intelligence officer once posted to the Chinese Embassy in Washington who came over in the 1990s .
Mr. Li was in Washington to participate in a conference sponsored by the Falun Gong , a Buddhist - oriented group that advocates the replacement of the Chinese communist government .
Mr. Li said he announced his formal withdrawal from the Communist Party at the conference , along with that of his father , who is also in the United States .
Mr. Li said he is neither a Christian nor Falun Gong member , but that his interest in religion and fear of being persecuted by the MSS contributed to his decision to defect .
Mr. Li said he thinks there are significant numbers of pro-democracy MSS officers inside the service , including those at high levels , who do not support the party and are “ even anti-Communsit Party ” but fear taking any action .
“ But I sincerely hope these people can play a special role in getting rid of the Communist Party , ” Mr. Li said .
The former intelligence officer , whose family left China with him , said it took him several years to change his views .
“ After a few years of my personal experience inside the system , I really knew that the Communist Party is very bad , ” he said .
“ My true ideal , actually , in this Chinese security department is really to do something for the Chinese people and the nation .
But I really hated doing things just for the interest of the Communist Party and a lot of times those things that are in the interest of the Communist Party are doing harm to the Chinese people . ”
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
Darwinian theories are believed by some to dispel the need for God Northern Ireland has the highest percentage of people who believe human beings were created by God in the last 10,000 years , according to a UK survey .
Theology think - tank Theos questioned 2,060 people across the UK , 60 of whom were from Northern Ireland .
People were asked their views on evolution and the origins of mankind .
A quarter of those questioned in Northern Ireland said they believed in creationism while 16 % said they believed in Intelligent Design .
Theos spokesman Nick Spencer said the survey found many people had inconsistent views .
" The overall picture in the UK is that about one in four are convinced evolutionists , while one in five people are convinced in their opposition to evolution - half of whom are creationists and half who believe in intelligent design , " he said .
" There is a big grey area in the middle of people who are inclined towards evolution but who are also hedging their bets . "
Cecil Andrews of fundamentalist church Take Heed Ministries said he was not surprised that Creationism was so prevalent in Northern Ireland .
" This little province has been blessed with a great biblical heritage and I think that 's reflected in the results of this survey , " he said .
Church of Ireland lay preacher Graham Nevin said Christianity in Northern Ireland " tended to be quite conservative " .
" What does surprise me is that 25 % of people in Northern Ireland had given any thought to where the world came from , " he said .
The report , Faith and Darwin , was published by Theos ahead of a major conference on Tuesday in Rome on religion and science .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
Women do n’t choose careers in math - intensive fields , such as computer science , physics , technology , engineering , chemistry , and higher mathematics , because they want the flexibility to raise children , or because they prefer other fields of science that are less math - intensive–not because they lack mathematical ability , according to a new study .
The study , an integrative analysis of 35 years of research on sex differences in math , offers explanations for why women are underrepresented in math - intensive science careers .
The findings appear in the March issue of Psychological Bulletin , published by the American Psychological Association .
Researchers from Cornell University reviewed more than 400 articles and book chapters to reconcile conflicting evidence on why math - proficient women are underrepresented in math - intensive fields such as engineering , why they choose less math - intensive fields ( such as biology , medicine , dentistry and veterinary medicine ) , and why when they do choose math - intensive careers , they are more likely to drop out as they advance .
“ Career preferences and lifestyle needs largely dictate why women are n’t choosing physics or engineering as their profession , ” said lead author Stephen J. Ceci , PhD. Women with advanced math abilities choose non-math fields more often than men with advanced math abilities .
They also drop out of scientific fields –especially math and physical science–at higher rates than do men , particularly as they advance , said Ceci .
“ A major reason explaining why women are underrepresented not only in math - intensive fields but also in senior leadership positions in most fields is that many women choose to have children , and the timing of childrearing coincides with the most demanding periods of their career , such as trying to get tenure or working exorbitant hours to get promoted , ” Ceci said .
Further , if women enter these fields , they are more likely to drop out before they advance very far due to the need for greater flexibility and the demands of parenting and caregiving , said co-author Wendy M. Williams , PhD .
“ These are choices that all women , but almost no men , are forced to make . ”
Women today compose approximately 50 percent of medical school classes ; however , despite these gains , women who enter academic medicine are less likely than men to be promoted or serve in leadership posts , the authors said .
As of 2005 , only 15 percent of full professors and 11 percent of department chairs were women .
Non -math fields are also affected : for example , only 19 percent of the tenure track faculty in the top 20 philosophy departments are women .
“ Hormonal , brain and other biological sex differences did not emerge as primary factors explaining why women were underrepresented in science careers , ” said co-author Susan Barnett , PhD .
And the authors found studies on social and cultural effects to be inconsistent and inconclusive .
Much of the evidence on discrimination was dated or anecdotal , the authors said , and the effects were not strong enough to explain women ’s current low numbers in math - intensive fields .
“ Even though institutional barriers and discrimination exist , these influences still cannot explain why women are not entering or staying in STEM careers , ” said Ceci .
“ The evidence did not show that removal of these barriers would equalize the sexes in these fields , especially given that women ’s career preferences and lifestyle choices tilt them towards other careers such as medicine and biology over mathematics , computer science , physics , and engineering . ”
Men did outscore women on spatial ability tests , a measure that predicts later mathematics achievement but , said the authors , this still does n’t account for the low numbers of women in the STEM fields .
Moreover , studies showing that men ’s scoring in the top 1 to 0.1 percent on the SAT-M and GRE - Q exams more frequently than women cannot account for the low numbers of women in math - intensive careers .
The evidence shows that if math ability were solely a function of sex , there would be roughly double the number of women in math - intensive careers compared to what exists now , assuming a 2:1 male - female ratio at the top 1 percent in math ability , Ceci said .
“ Women would comprise 33 percent of the professorships in math - intensive fields if it was based solely on being in the top 1 percent of math ability , but they currently comprise less than 10 percent . ”
Several large surveys examined in the analysis found that lifestyle choice had the largest influence on career preferences .
In a survey of 2,000 33 - year - old academic professionals in science careers who were in the top 1 percent of their high school math classes , the men devoted more time to their current job and said they would devote even more time in their dream job compared to the women , suggesting that this could lead to more productivity and promotions .
Another survey of almost 5,000 tenure - track faculty at nine California universities revealed that family issues affected women ’s success and satisfaction more than it affected men’s .
And a National Science Foundation survey of doctoral recipients in scientific and engineering fields found that women with children under 18 worked and published less than the men .
Science , technology , engineering and math are not the only professions affected by women ’s career choices , said the authors .
Several studies showed that while women are well - represented in less math - intensive fields , such as medicine , law , biology , psychology , dentistry , and veterinary science , they are still underrepresented in the top positions of these fields .
They are either not on tenure track , drop off tenure track or opt for part - time positions until their children get older , the researchers found .
“ It appears that the family - career trade - offs constitute a major factor in the dearth of women in fields such as engineering , physics , computer science and in higher - level positions in non math - related fields , ” said Ceci .
“ Women who are good in math seem to have more career options .
Those who are highly competent in math are more likely than men to have high verbal competence , too , thus opening up the option of going into the humanities or law , which may offer more flexibility in their career tracks . ”
There are ways to remedy the situation , the authors said .
They suggest that universities , other institutions and companies create options for women with math talents who want to pursue math - intensive careers .
These could include deferred start - up of tenure - track positions and part - time work that segues to full - time tenure - track work for women who are raising children , and courtesy appointments for women unable to work full - time but who would benefit from use of university resources ( e- mail , library resources , grant support ) to continue their research from home .
Nearly all of Volition 's quality assurance department were laid off today in Champaign , Illinois , THQ confirmed to Kotaku .
Advertisement
" Today we notified 86 of the 102 employees in the Volition quality assurance department that they will be let go , " a THQ spokesman told Kotaku .
" Our quality assurance will now be primarily conducted through THQ's centralized QA facilities , with a small staff remaining on - site in Champaign .
Volition developed games Descent , Freespace , Summoner , Saints Row 2 , The Punisher and are working on upcoming shooter Red Faction : Guerrilla as well as Saints Row 3 .
Advertisement
" It 's important to note that this is not a new reduction , but part of the scheduled lay - offs announced during our last earnings call , " the spokesman added .
THQ announced in February that they lost $ 191.8 million over the holidays and expected to layoff about 600 employees , or 24 percent of its total workforce .
Update : THQ contacted us to clarify who specifically the layoffs impacted :
" The layoffs include 47 temporary employees who will not be having their service extended .
Unfortunately , fluctuating headcount among the temporary staff is common based on when our games ship .
In addition , 39 full - time staff will be laid off .
Advertisement
" All laid off employees ( both full - time and temporary ) will be given at least sixty days ' notice .
We will do what we can to assist them in finding work in the community or elsewhere in THQ . "
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
This would have been a funny place to put a picture of your ex-boyfriend .
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
What is this Robot 's Name ?
Google 's perfectionist cupcake princess is totally misunderstood !
That 's the claim Marissa Mayer , the VP who oversees Google search , makes to a credulous New York Times , which licks up the frosted version of her career .
Mayer , who runs Google 's core search business , is the best known Google executive outside the search engine 's CEO , Eric Schmidt , and its billionaire founders , Larry Page and Sergey Brin .
And she 's proven far more willing to pose for magazine covers and appear on morning news shows , making her the company 's public face .
But she seems surprised that with such publicity comes criticism .
According to Mayer , the reason why she draws negative press is because of sexism and stereotypes :
I think it 's very comforting for people to put me in a box .
‘ Oh , she 's a fluffy girlie girl who likes clothes and cupcakes .
Oh , but wait , she is spending her weekends doing hardware electronics . '
It 's true that San Francisco , the last mainstream publication to profile her , focused on her most girly habits .
But that has nothing to do with why so many rank - and - file Googlers outside the company 's cloistered management despise Mayer .
To grasp that , it helps to understand Google 's grandiose self - image :
The company 's spoiled engineers are led to believe they work in the most perfect meritocracy of ideas that the world has ever seen , motivated by the betterment of mankind through technology .
At Google , the theory goes , who you are and who you know does n't matter .
It 's only your ideas that count .
And yet , as the Times profile reveals , the real source of her power is the ability to manipulate Schmidt , Page , and Brin :
Given her longstanding relationship with Google 's founders and Mr. Schmidt , she has become something of a sounding board for other managers , a number of whom routinely gravitate to her office .
At the end of a recent day , she met with two senior executives , Joe Kraus and Sundar Pichai , to discuss the company 's social networking projects .
Many executives at Google believe that social networking is important to its future .
Ms. Mayer was meeting with Mr. Kraus and Mr. Pichai to help them prepare for a meeting the next day with Mr. Schmidt , Mr. Brin and Mr. Page to discuss how the company could leverage information - sharing among Google 's many services .
" It 's important you pregame Eric or it will be a disaster , " Mr. Pichai tells Ms. Mayer about the pending meeting , asking her to seek Mr. Schmidt 's support on their behalf .
" I know , I know , " she responds .
" I will call him or write an e-mail .
I want them to see how complicated this will be . "
Ms. Mayer e-mails Mr. Schmidt that evening .
At the meeting the next day , Mr. Pichai 's and Mr. Kraus 's ideas are approved
The Times article does not mention a key reason why Mayer has such influence : Early in the company 's history , she dated Page .
( He is now married , and Mayer is engaged to Zack Bogue , a real - estate investment manager and lawyer . )
In dictating the appearance of Google 's Web pages , Mayer freely admits she makes subjective decisions .
In more than a decade on the job , she has not yet codified her design instinct into a written style guide .
Instead , Mayer 's whims , which managers under her must make a study of , are what rule .
Mayer may be talented .
But her personal ties to Google 's top management and her exerscise of arbitrary power are a betrayal of Google 's supposedly meritocratic values — a betrayal obviously tolerated at the very top of the company .
That , and not her spending time putting cupcake recipes in spreadsheets , is what exasperates her fellow Googlers .
That , and her perfectionist streak .
Look at how Mayer dismisses a potential hire over a single bad grade :
One candidate got a C in macroeconomics .
" That 's troubling to me , " Ms. Mayer says .
" Good students are good at all things . "
Another candidate looked promising with a quarterly rating from a supervisor of 3.5 , out of 4 , which meant she had exceeded her manager 's expectations .
Ms. Mayer is suspicious , however , because her rating has n't changed in several quarters .
" She is looking for a way out , " Ms. Mayer says .
Mayer complains that the media has not examined her life deeply :
Besides , Ms. Mayer says , there are some things that she has n't previously revealed about herself and that the media have overlooked .
Like her self - described athletic prowess .
" It has n't shown up anywhere that I am really physically active , " she says .
" I ran the San Francisco half marathon this year .
I did the Portland marathon .
I went skiing just yesterday .
I 'm going to do the Birkebeiner , which is North America 's longest cross-country ski race .
That just shows you how much there are gaps . "
Ah yes , the Portland Marathon , in which Mayer placed 7,074th out of 7,862 contestants .
Or the Birkebeiner ski race , in which she placed dead last in the women 's competition .
Good students are good at all things .
Did she really mean to invite media scrutiny of her athletic career ?
What 's really telling about it :
In the handful of times where Mayer has competed on her own , without the backing of a billionaire ex-boyfriend and a pliant boss , she has proven to be an outright failure .
At the beginning of the piece , Mayer once again denies rumors of her impending departure from Google — rumors which Valleywag first reported .
Perhaps she has realized that without Google , she 's nothing .
Can you blame her for clinging to her job ?
( Photo via RacePhotos.net )
Senior Editor Jeff Goldsmith interviews co-writer / director Andrew Stanton about Wall - ECopyright Unlikely Films , Inc. 2008 .
All Rights Reserved .
Not Currently Available
Arye Sharuz - Shalicar , 31 , whose parents emigrated from Iran to Germany , is a one - man PR show .
He speaks Persian , German , English , French , and Spanish and can also get by in Russian , Turkish , Arabic , and Italian .
Sharuz - Shalicar is one of the front - line soldiers in the Ministry of Absorption 's new " army of bloggers " that was recently established in cooperation with the Foreign Ministry 's public relations department following Operation Cast Lead in the Gaza Strip .
Media War
Who do you work for , Doctor Hizbullah ?
Nir Boms , Niv Lilien Hebrew University professor Elia Bnay Simon , who runs a blog containing scoops on Israel 's security – including recent ' death ' of Mossad chief Dagan , is actually a pro-Syrian Lebanese reporter who disseminates black propaganda on Web Who do you work for , Doctor Hizbullah ?
The Absorption Ministry is recruiting new immigrants and Jews living abroad who have access to a computer and who speak a second language to a volunteer effort to improve public relations for Israel on the internet .
The campaign was launched last week .
In the cross hairs are problematic blogs , talkbacks , online social networks , online polls , Youtube videos , and more .
The ministry was amazed by the massive response to the effort .
More than 1,000 interested applicants contacted them , of which 350 are Russian speakers , 250 English speakers , 150 Spanish speakers , 100 French speakers , and 50 German speakers .
A range of other European languages are also represented among the volunteers : Portuguese , Swedish , Dutch , Italian , Romanian , Hungarian , Polish , Greek , Bulgarian , and Danish .
Persian- , Turkish - , and Arabic - speaking Jews also offered their services .
The ministry even got an application from a Chinese speaker .
Some 60 % of the applicants are immigrants , old and new .
The rest are Jews living in the Diaspora , Israelis living abroad , and even non-Jews who support Israel and want to help out .
The Absorption Ministry forwarded the volunteers ' details to the Foreign Ministry , which briefed them via email and provided up - to - date material on the situation , including video clips that could help them in the field .
While the Absorption Ministry is tasked with recruitment , the Foreign Ministry will be responsible for directing the volunteers online .
Each time the ministry identifies an anti-Israel trend on a foreign - language blog , news site , or other website , it will immediately put out a message to the volunteers to flood the site with pro-Israel opinions .
Absorption Ministry Director - General Erez Halfon commented , " This provides an important opportunity for new immigrants , who have always been a strong Zionist nucleus , to feel like they are contributing to improving Israel 's image in the world .
The foreign - language - speaking immigrants are a real asset , and it is important to take advantage of this .
From our perspective , it was like an emergency call up , and I am thrilled that the response was so great . "
Noam Katz , director of the Foreign Ministry 's PR department , said , " We are in the process of thinking how to utilize these volunteers not only during conflict , but also during regular times as well . "
Doug Bates and his wife , Stacey , were in bed around 10 pm , their 2 - year - old daughters asleep in a nearby room .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
Suddenly they were shaken awake by the wail of police sirens and the rumble of a helicopter above their suburban Southern California home .
A criminal must be on the loose , they thought .
Doug Bates got up to lock the doors and grabbed a knife .
A beam from a flashlight hit him .
He peeked into the backyard .
A swarm of police , assault rifles drawn , ordered him out of the house .
Bates emerged , frightened and with the knife in his hand , as his wife frantically dialled the emergency dispatcher .
They were handcuffed and ordered to the ground while officers stormed the house .
The scene of mayhem and carnage the officers expected was nowhere to be found .
Neither the Bateses nor the officers knew that they were pawns in a dangerous game being played 1,900 kilometres away by a teenager bent on terrifying a random family of strangers .
They were victims of a new kind of telephone fraud that exploits a weakness in the way the 911 system handles calls from internet - based phone services .
The telephone number 911 is used throughout the US to reach an emergency dispatcher for police and fire departments .
The attacks - called " swatting " because armed police Special Weapons and Tactics teams usually respond - are virtually unstoppable , and an investigation found that budget - strapped emergency dispatch centres are essentially defenceless without an overhaul of their computer systems .
The AP examined hundreds of pages of court documents and law - enforcement transcripts , listened to audio of " swatting " calls , and interviewed two dozen security experts , investigators , defence lawyers , victims and perpetrators .
While Doug and Stacey Bates were cuffed on the ground that night in March 2007 , 18 - year - old Randal Ellis , living with his parents in Mukilteo , Washington state , was nearly finished with the 27 - minute yarn about a drug - fuelled murder that brought the Orange County Sheriff 's Department SWAT team to the Bateses ' home .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
In a grisly sounding call to the 911 emergency dispatcher , Ellis was putting an internet - based phone service for the hearing - impaired to nefarious use .
By entering bogus information about his location , Ellis was able to make it seem to the 911 operator as if he was calling from inside the Bateses ' home .
He said he was high on drugs and had just shot his sister .
According to prosecutors , Ellis picked the Bates family at random , as he did with all of the 185 calls investigators say he made to 911 emergency operators around the country .
" If I would have had a gun in my hand , I probably would have been shot , " said Doug Bates , 38 .
Last March , Ellis was sentenced to three years in prison after pleading guilty to five felony counts , including computer access and fraud , false imprisonment by violence and falsely reporting a crime .
In a separate , multistate case prosecuted by federal authorities in Dallas , eight people were charged with orchestrating up to 300 " swatting " calls to victims they met on telephone party chat lines .
The three ringleaders were each sentenced to five years in prison .
Two others were sentenced to 2 years .
One defendant pleaded guilty last week and could get a 13 - year sentence .
The remaining two are set to go on trial in February .
A similar case was reported in Salinas , California , where officers surrounded an apartment where a call had come in claiming men with assault rifles were trying to break in .
In Hiawatha , Iowa , fake calls about a workplace shooting included realistic gunshot sounds and moaning in the background .
In November , a teenage hacker from Worcester , Massachusetts , pleaded guilty to a five - month swatting spree including a bomb threat and report of an armed gunman that caused two schools to be evacuated .
Many times , however , swats do n't get fully investigated or reported .
Orange County Sheriff 's detective Brian
Sims spent weeks serving search warrants on internet providers before he identified Ellis through his numeric computer identifier , known as an IP address .
Law enforcement hopes lengthy prison terms will deter would - be swatters .
Technology alone is not enough to stop the crimes .
Unlike calls that come from landline phones , which are registered to a fixed physical address and display that on 911 emergency dispatchers ' screens , calls coming from people 's computers , or even calls from landline or cell phones that are routed through spoofing services , could appear to be originating from anywhere .
Scores of Caller ID spoofing services have sprung up , offering to disguise callers ' origins for a fee .
All anybody needs to do is pay for a certain number of minutes , punch in a PIN code and specify whom they are calling and what they would like the Caller ID to display .
Spoofing Caller ID is perfectly legal .
Legitimate businesses use the technology to project a single callback number for an entire office , or to let executives working from home cloak their home numbers when making outgoing calls .
At the same time , criminals have latched onto the technique to get revenge on rivals or get their kicks by harassing strangers .
" We 're not able to cope with this very well , " said Roger Hixson , technical issues director for the National Emergency Number Association , the 911 system 's industry group .
" We 're just hoping this does n't become a widespread hobby . "
The 911 system was built on the idea it could trust the information it was receiving from callers .
Upgrading the system to accommodate new technologies can be a huge task .
Gary Allen , editor of Dispatch Monthly , a Berkeley , California - based magazine focused on public - safety communications centres , said dispatchers are " totally at the mercy of the people who call " and the fact they do not have technology to identify which incoming calls are from internet - based sources .
Allen said upgrading the communications centres ' computers to flash an internet caller 's IP address could be helpful in thwarting fraudulent calls .
He said an even simpler fix , tweaking the computers to identify calls from internet telephone services and flash the name of the service provider to dispatchers , can cost under US $ 5,000 , but is usually still too costly for many communications centres .
But because this style of fraudulent calls is so new , and many emergency - dispatch centres receive few internet calls in the first place , those upgrades are not frequently done .
Swatting calls place an immense strain on responding departments .
The Orange County Sheriff 's Department deployed about 30 people to the Bateses ' home , including a SWAT team , a helicopter and dog units .
It cost the department $ 14,700 .
They take their toll on victims , too .
Tony Messina , a construction worker from Salina , New York , was swatted three times by the gang broken up by the federal authorities in Dallas .
He was even arrested as the result of one call , because authorities found weapons he was not supposed to have while they were searching the house .
Messina had made some enemies on a party line he frequented to flirt with women .
Some guys disliked him and out of jealousy , he says , they started swatting him .
The first time , he was home alone with his two poodles when officers swarmed his backyard at 6 a.m.
According to Messina , the callers said he had " killed a hooker and sliced her ear to ear , blood all over the place , I 'm doing drugs and if you police come over here
I 'm going to kill you , too . "
After a few hours at the police station , he was let go .
Two weeks later , he was detained outside his house .
A month later , he was in bed watching TV when he saw someone with a flashlight at his window .
He went outside and was handcuffed while deputies searched his house and car .
Messina had been told to call the emergency dispatcher himself if the swatting calls happened again , and when the deputies realised it was another fraudulent call , Messina was let go .
He said he suffered bruised ribs that kept him out of work for a month and a half .
Investigators say swatters are usually motivated by a mixture of ego and malice , a desire for revenge and domination over rivals .
Jason Trowbridge , one of the defendants currently serving a five - year sentence , told the AP in a series of letters from prison that the attacks started with the standard fare of prank callers - sending pizzas and locksmiths to victims ' homes - escalated to shutting the power and water off and eventually led to swatting .
" Nobody ever thought anyone would get hurt or die from a SWAT call , " he said
My DIY Bicycle Frame - or Rear - Rack - Mounted U - Lock Holder
Name
u-lock - holder — My DIY Bicycle Frame - or Rear - Rack - Mounted U - Lock Holder
Synopsis
Clamp rope - hooks to your rear rack or frame .
Description
While riding a bicycle , there are many ways to carry a U - lock :
In your pants pocket , if your lock is sufficiently small .
Most peoples ' U - locks are n't .
Using the mounting kit that came with the U - lock , or an aftermarket kit .
While Kryptonite manufactures excellent locks , in my opinion their frame - mounting kits are rather cheap , and mounting and dismounting the U - lock is hard .
There 's also a bit of anecdotal evidence on the Internet that some of these kits are not reliable .
By tethering it to your bike 's rack , frame , or handlebars using velcro straps or bungee cables , which may be a slight bit of a hassle .
By slipping their U - locks between the rail and the plate on their rear rack , assuming the space is large enough and they do n't have fenders where the stays get in the way .
By sticking it inside a messenger bag , pannier , basket , or some other container .
Having discovered that a company called Ahearne Cycles makes racks with integrated U - lock holders , I realized something similar was in my destiny .
But those racks are custom - manufactured , are way out of a lot of peoples ' price range , and only accommodate certain sizes of U - locks .
I wanted something cheaper , could n't find anything similar on the market , and thought of a solution : clamp rope hooks to the rear rack or the frame itself using hose clamps .
Materials Needed
Three rope hooks ( or " tarp hooks " ) from a hardware store .
In my neck of the woods , Home Depot and Lowe 's do n't sell them ; Ace Hardware does .
You need to bring your U - lock with you in order to determine which size of rope hooks will work best for you .
Ideal fit is something like below , but a slightly larger size of rope - hook will be okay : Account for heat - shrink tubing if you 're going to use it ( see below ) .
Some hose clamps from the plumbing section of a hardware store .
Measure the diameter of whatever you 're going to clamp your rope hooks against , then go a step up .
If you 're mounting on the rear rack , you 're going to need two clamps for each hook .
Get extra hose clamps , because there 's a small chance you 'll break one if you overtighten it .
Some sections of old inner tube .
This will prevent your hose clamps and rope hooks from scratching your frame , and will help prevent your rope hooks from working their way loose .
Rubber cement .
This is to keep your sections of inner tube wrapped around your rear rack or frame before clamping .
Optional : heat - shrink tubing to wrap around the hook part of your rope hooks .
This is to alleviate some of the rattling .
You do n't need this if your U - lock has vinyl coating or something like mine does .
Assembly Instructions
These steps may require a bit of trial and error .
Decide where you want to mount this thing : on the rear rack or on the front of the frame near the head tube .
If you choose the front of the frame , make sure your fender and wheels wo n't bump against the frame when turning your handlebars .
Decide which side : left or right .
If you 're mounting on the front of the frame , you may find it difficult to mount and dismount a water bottle from the downtube - mounted cage using one of your hands .
Figure out which hand you use most often , mount on the other side , and you should be fine .
Get your sections of inner tube , wrap them around where you 're going to clamp , and use rubber cement to keep the inner tube sections there .
Optional : Get your heat - shrink tubing and slide it on to the hook part of your rope hooks .
If you do n't have a heat - shrink gun or torch or whatever , 10 – 15 minutes in a 275 °F - preheated oven will work .
Start clamping !
Remember , if mounting on the rear rack you 'll need two of the smaller clamps on each rope hook .
Be careful to not clamp around your brake cables or derailleur cables .
Because that 'll fuck your shift up !
Remember :
If you 're mounting your rig on the front of the frame , make sure your front fender and wheel do n't bump against the lock when steering .
You 're done .
Start riding !
If your rig is mounted on the front of the frame , watch out to make sure your knees do n't hit the lock while riding .
Bugs
A sufficiently good bump may cause the lock to bounce out just enough to come back down so that it 's still between the top two hooks , but outisde the bottom hook .
This has not happened to me yet .
Mounting this on the rear rack most likely prevents you from attaching a pannier to one side of the rack .
If the space between between the rail and the plate on your rack is large enough and you do n't have fenders mounted with stays to get in the way , you may wish to take advantage of this .
Then you 'll only need the hook on the bottom .
If you walk too closely alongside it , your pants will get caught on the rope hooks !
If this rig is mounted on the front of the frame , you may find it difficult to remove a water bottle from the downtube - mounted cage using one of your hands .
It 's ugly as sin . :)
Probably not for your CELESTE BIANCHI FIXIE .
See Also
Author
But there ’s another intriguing element to the proposal .
While the fees would be a trivial expense for what the general public tends to think of as ordinary traders  people investing in stocks , bonds or other assets for some reasonable period of time  they would amount to a much heavier lift for speculators , the folks who bring a manic quality to the markets , who treat it like a casino .
“ It raises money in a way that comes primarily at the expense of speculation , ” said Mr. Baker .
“ The fees would be a considerable expense for someone who is buying futures , or a stock , or any asset at 2 o’clock and then selling it at 3 .
The more you trade , the more you pay .
“ For the typical person holding stock , who is planning to hold it for a long period of time , paying the quarter of one percent on a trade is just not that big a deal . ”
The fees , though small , could amount to a big deal for speculators because in addition to the volume of their trades they often make their money on very small margins .
Someone who buys an asset and then sells it an hour later at a one percent appreciation might feel quite pleased .
He or she would be less pleased at having to pay a quarter - percent fee to purchase the asset in the first place and then another quarter percent to sell it .
This , according to Mr. Baker , is part of the beauty of the transfer tax ; it tends to curb at least some speculation .
“ It ’s a very progressive tax , ” he said , “ that discourages nonproductive activity . ”
A hallmark of the Bush years has been the rampant irresponsibility  by the White House , Congress and the general public  when it comes to matters of finance .
The costs of the wars in Iraq and Afghanistan were placed on credit cards and off the books .
Their ultimate overall costs will be in the trillions .
$ 300,000 is the starting bid on this eBay listing for a three - bedroom home built in a 15,000 sqft cave in Festus , MO , formerly a roller - rink / concert venue that entertained the MC5 , Ike and Tina Turner and Ted Nugent .
Sounds like a hell of a place to live ( and you gotta feel for the family that 's losing their dream ) .
It 's got three freshwater springs and there are fourteen waterfalls on the property .
Yowza .
On May 19th , 2008 , the City of Festus approved our occupancy inspection for the cave .
Officially , this completed our project .
There are still projects that can be started , completed and developed .
Plenty of room in our 17,000 square foot home .
This is now where we live , work , raise our family and celebrate life !
Here are a few of the details about the place :
Historic , regionally famous cave : 15,000 square feet , divided into three main chambers .
The front chamber houses the main part of the 3 - bedroom finished house .
The middle chamber holds the laundry room , storage , and a spare bath .
The middle chamber made a great party room .
80 feet by 80 feet .
The back chamber still has the stage where Ted Nugent , Bob Seger , Ike and Tina Turner , the MC5 and many other bands performed .
Property : 2.8 scenic , partially wooded acres provide excellent privacy and the feel of the country right in the middle of town , just several blocks from shopping , dining , and other conveniences .
Energy efficiency : Geothermal and passive solar keep the home comfortable year - round without a furnace or air conditioning .
In spite of the vast size of the home , our energy costs here run about the same as they did in our 800 square - foot starter home .
The home naturally stays a little cooler than the average above - ground home , but we found that we acclimated quickly and easily .
Everyone Matters : Dignity and Safety for Transgender People is a new video produced by the Gay & Lesbian Advocates & Defenders ( GLAD ) Transgender Rights Project , Massachusetts Transgender Political Coaltion ( MTPC ) , and MassEquality .
It is a beautiful and touching account of several trans people sharing their experiences and eloquently shows the dire need for protections based on gender identity / expression .
Chev Chelios survives a fall from the sky , sort of .
He 's in an unknown location , sedated , while various Chinese are harvesting his organs .
His heart is gone , in an ice chest ; a temporary in its place .
Chev escapes , knowing only the name of the guy with the ice chest .
He calls Doc Miles , an unlicensed cardiologist , who tells him there 's only an hour 's life in the artificial heart : keep it charged .
Chev needs to find his own heart and get to Doc for a transplant .
He starts his time - limited pursuit of shadowy figures , the ice chest , and his heart aided by Eve , Rei , and Venus - a stripper , a prostitute , and a pal with Tourette 's - constantly needing an electric charge to keep going .
Written by < jhailey@hotmail.com >
The first response to word that Barack Obama is prepared to make contact – albeit low - level and clandestine – with Hamas should be caution .
For one thing , the very act of revealing such a move can make it less likely .
If the Obama camp comes under heavy criticism from those opposed to engagement with Hamas , it may be forced to deny it countenanced the idea at all .
Obama has been super - careful to say next to nothing during the Gaza crisis – and certainly nothing at odds with the Bush administration .
He would clearly not have chosen to make this policy shift public .
( That said , it 's bound to be welcomed by those in the Muslim world who have been angered by his virtual silence this last fortnight . )
Second , even the limited opening to Hamas apparently under discussion in the Obama circle is pretty conditional .
It seems to be premised either on Hamas taking a " decisive drubbing " in Gaza or on a reconciliation with Fatah .
Neither of those outcomes is guaranteed .
Nevertheless , those of us who have long believed that peace depends on engaging with all parties to a conflict – and that peace is made with your enemies rather than with your friends – have reason to be cheered by this news , tentative as it is .
It suggests that Obama means to follow through on the principle he articulated repeatedly in the 2008 election campaign : that diplomacy is not some kind of reward for good behaviour , but rather an essential component in any nation 's toolkit .
The US would never foreswear the use of force to advance its vital interests , yet the Bush administration did precisely that with diplomacy – denying itself that essential tool when it came to the nations it consigned to outer darkness : the axis of evil trio of Iraq , Iran and North Korea , along with Syria and , of course , Hamas .
Obama promised to do things differently , saying he would even speak to Mahmoud Ahmadinejad if it would help .
The one group he seemed least keen to meet was Hamas , placing clear and steep conditions on any dialogue .
Indeed in April 2008 he slapped down former president Jimmy Carter for meeting the Islamist movement .
" We must not negotiate with a terrorist group intent on Israel 's destruction , " Obama said .
" We should only sit down with Hamas if they renounce terrorism , recognise Israel 's right to exist and abide by past agreements . "
If the latest signals are to be believed , Obama is now ready to soften the edges of those conditions .
For those who believe that , whether we like it or not , Hamas is now part of the Palestinian reality and that no peace can ever come unless all the major players on both sides – Israeli and Palestinian – are included , this is a small , unofficial , unconfirmed but welcome move in the right direction .
Enlarge By Eric
Thayer , Reuters Flight 1549 was ditched in the Hudson River on Jan. 15 after it was disabled after hitting a flock of geese .
WASHINGTON 
The federal government plans to block public access to its records of aircraft and bird collisions such as the one that forced a US Airways jet to splashdown in New York 's Hudson River in January .
The Federal Aviation Administration ( FAA ) says that the information could mislead the public and its release could prompt some airports and others not to report incidents , but the proposal is drawing sharp criticism from bird safety experts and public records advocates .
Two months after a flock of geese snuffed out an Airbus A320's engines and forced it to ditch in the Hudson , the FAA filed a little - noticed proposal that would bar release of its extensive record of bird collisions dating back to 1990 .
" I 'm flabbergasted that they do n't have to report this , " said Lucy Dalglish , executive director of the Reporters Committee for Freedom of the Press .
The FAA move runs counter to President Obama 's efforts to encourage release of government records , said Dalglish , a frequent flier who wondered after the Hudson accident how often birds caused such problems .
Paul Eschenfelder , an airline pilot who teaches a course in airport bird management , said a string of recent accidents suggests the risks from birds is increasing and the FAA has not done enough to address the problem .
" Keeping ( the data ) secret is not helping at all , " he said .
The FAA releases annual summaries of reported collisions with all kinds of wildlife .
There were 7,439 collisions in 2007 , mostly involving birds , up from 5,872 in 2000 .
In its proposed rule change , the FAA said that the wildlife collision reports should receive the same protections as other voluntary reporting systems designed to promote safety .
If the data is released , some airports may hesitate to make reports , said spokeswoman Laura Brown .
The data also could " produce an inaccurate perception " of the risks , the government filing in the Federal Register said .
The government estimates that only 20 % of incidents involving commercial aircraft are reported under the current system .
In 1999 , the National Transportation Safety Board urged the FAA to require that pilots report bird collisions to improve the data .
The agency refused .
The public has until April 20 to comment on the FAA proposal .
Guidelines :
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
You share in the USA TODAY community , so please keep your comments smart and civil .
Do n't attack other readers personally , and keep your language decent .
Use the " Report Abuse " button to make a difference .
Read more
The kiddie police have begun to march across America , threatening thrift stores , as I warned .
On February 10 , workers in America ’s thrift stores tossed out every children ’s book that was printed prior to 1985 .
That is the law .
A parent is not allowed to go into a thrift store and buy a book printed before 1985 .
Those books are now gone .
On the dumpsters filled with children ’s books , read this .
Congress has spoken .
Well , not quite .
The bureaucrats who use Congress as their hand puppet , agency by agency , have spoken .
The bureaucrats spend their careers identifying threats to the people .
They get paid to do this , and they are paid well .
They invent a presumed threat and then terrorize Congress into passing a 500 - page bill that no Congressman has read .
Then the bureaucrats add more regulations in the name of this 500 - page law .
This has gone on since 1913 , and it will continue to go on until the system finally breaks down .
This is the logic of the system .
Here is the new reality , one week old .
If you can still find any pre-1985 books , it is because the thrift store ’s managers do n’t know they are breaking the law and could be fined or sent to prison if they persist .
Congress passed the enabling legislation law last year : The Consumer Product Safety Improvement Act of 2008 .
It has 239 sections .
I do n’t expect you to read it — after all , no Congressman or Senator did — but click the link and skim it : “ Most parents are irresponsible and must not be trusted . ”
Every Federal law looks like this one .
This was true when I was a Capitol Hill staffer for Ron Paul in 1976 , and it will be true for as long as the Federal government is solvent by means of ( 1 ) our tax money , ( 2 ) Treasury debt investors ’ money , and ( 3 ) Federal Reserve fiat money .
The bureaucrats are now enforcing the letter of the 2008 law .
Congressmen will feign ignorance .
“ Gee , how were we to know ? ”
Too late .
The books are in landfill .
But why ?
“ Stop dangerous lead paint ! ” Right .
The lead paint in pre-1985 kids ’ books in minuscule traces .
There is no known example of any child being injured by lead paint from a book .
No matter .
The law ’s the law .
This seems insane , but it is the relentless logic of the State : “ Nothing is permitted unless authorized by the State . ”
The Federal government has authorized abortion on demand .
But , once a parent allows a child to be born , that parent is not be allowed to buy the child a pre-1985 book .
Such books are too dangerous for children .
This is the logic of Washington .
This logic is relentless .
It will be extended by law into every nook and cranny of our lives until it is stopped .
This will stop it : ( 1 ) the destruction of the dollar , ( 2 ) the bankruptcy of the Federal government , and ( 3 ) a decision by millions of Americans to say , “ I will not obey this law . ”
Law by law , people say , one by one , “ I will not obey .
Arrest me .
I will hire a lawyer .
Maybe I will simply defend myself in a court of law .
I will resist . ”
Gandhi did it .
It worked .
People will organize , law by law , to clog the courts , jam the legal system , and vote out of office every politician who does not repeal a specific law .
Nothing else can stop this madness .
Americans have surrendered their liberties to Washington , one by one .
The process is relentless .
No insanity is too great for the bureaucrats .
Yet the public is oblivious .
It stems from a simple assumption : “ My neighbors are irresponsible .
They must not be allowed to make voluntary exchanges , no matter how harmless . ”
This belief leads to a principle of law : Nothing is allowed unless authorized by the State .
Some of your friends may think you are extreme for not trusting Congress and the bureaucrats .
Forward this report to them .
They may not yet perceive the nature of Beltway madness .
It is going to get much worse .
We can be certain of this .
Bureaucrats respect only one thing : budget cuts .
That ’s a long way away .
But the destruction of the dollar may not be .
Gary North [ send him mail ] is the author of Mises on Money .
Visit http://www.garynorth.com.
He is also the author of a free 20 - volume series , An Economic Commentary on the Bible .
Copyright © 2009 by LewRockwell.com .
Permission to reprint in whole or in part is gladly granted , provided full credit is given .
Search Terms : Highlight Matches
Woman has sex with pine cone , needs surgery to remove it
Only Me
Strawberry Girl
User ID : 239124
United States
03/30/2009 12:23 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Woman has sex with pine cone , needs surgery to remove it
A Serbian woman is recovering from a painful operation after doctors removed from her vagina a large pine cone .
Do not try this at home or anywhere else !
Mirjana Gavaric of Belgrade underwent the 2 - hour operation after surgeons said it appeared the woman tried to have sex with the seed pod , according to The Sun .
Dr. Sava Bojovic said the woman , whose age was not released , was “ lonely ” and unfortunately , the pine cone “ got stuck ” when she tried to remove it .
No other information was available .
OK … I ’m speechless .
[ link to blogs.app.com ]
Goodbye , halcyon days ...
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here , it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable .
There is another theory mentioned , which states that this has already happened .
Oh no .
NO no no no no !
A Serbian woman is recovering from a painful operation after doctors removed from her vagina a large pine cone .
Do not try this at home or anywhere else !
Mirjana Gavaric of Belgrade underwent the 2 - hour operation after surgeons said it appeared the woman tried to have sex with the seed pod , according to The Sun .
Dr. Sava Bojovic said the woman , whose age was not released , was “ lonely ” and unfortunately , the pine cone “ got stuck ” when she tried to remove it .
No other information was available .
OK … I ’m speechless .
xham - sammichx
User ID : 646119
United States
03/30/2009 12:25 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Woman has sex with pine cone , needs surgery to remove it
A Serbian woman is recovering from a painful operation after doctors removed from her vagina a large pine cone .
Do not try this at home or anywhere else !
Mirjana Gavaric of Belgrade underwent the 2 - hour operation after surgeons said it appeared the woman tried to have sex with the seed pod , according to The Sun .
Dr. Sava Bojovic said the woman , whose age was not released , was “ lonely ” and unfortunately , the pine cone “ got stuck ” when she tried to remove it .
No other information was available .
OK … I ’m speechless .
[ link to blogs.app.com ]
Oh no .
NO no no no no !
A Serbian woman is recovering from a painful operation after doctors removed from her vagina a large pine cone .
Do not try this at home or anywhere else !
Mirjana Gavaric of Belgrade underwent the 2 - hour operation after surgeons said it appeared the woman tried to have sex with the seed pod , according to The Sun .
Dr. Sava Bojovic said the woman , whose age was not released , was “ lonely ” and unfortunately , the pine cone “ got stuck ” when she tried to remove it .
No other information was available .
OK … I ’m speechless .
Quoting : Only Me
DOH !!
Sleestackin ' to the max .
GLP - We 're all here because we 're not all there .
If you seem to disagree with me ..
That is okay .
You may hang on to your beliefs ..
While I kick YOUR FUCKING NIPPLES OFF !
DOH !!
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 536088
United States
03/30/2009 12:27 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Woman has sex with pine cone , needs surgery to remove it damn tree huggers
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 646121
Wrong on so many levels , LMAO .
That is definitely taking " Euell Gibbons " too far !
Wrong on so many levels , LMAO .
That is definitely taking " Euell Gibbons " too far !
Anonymous Coward
User ID : 428255
Bulgaria
03/30/2009 12:29 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Woman has sex with pine cone , needs surgery to remove it She`s lucky she`s not in the US - she could have ended up far worse and could have been throw in jail for this
Only Me ( OP )
Strawberry Girl
User ID : 239124
United States
03/30/2009 12:32 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Woman has sex with pine cone , needs surgery to remove it
Goodbye , halcyon days ...
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here , it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable .
There is another theory mentioned , which states that this has already happened .
Love you too , Wasayo !
Only Me ( OP )
Strawberry Girl
User ID : 239124
United States
03/30/2009 12:42 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Woman has sex with pine cone , needs surgery to remove it Cucumbers must be out of season in Serbia .
Quoting : Enaid
And bananas
: nanarub :
Goodbye , halcyon days ...
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here , it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable .
There is another theory mentioned , which states that this has already happened .
And bananas : nanarub :
Only Me ( OP )
Strawberry Girl
User ID : 239124
United States
03/30/2009 12:46 PM
Report Abusive Post
Report Copyright Violation Re : Woman has sex with pine cone , needs surgery to remove it Link removed ?
cant find the server .
Quoting : Anonymous Coward 490694
Link works fine for me .
Goodbye , halcyon days ...
There is a theory which states that if ever anyone discovers exactly what the Universe is for and why it is here , it will instantly disappear and be replaced by something even more bizarre and inexplicable .
There is another theory mentioned , which states that this has already happened .
Link works fine for me .
In Texas , a proposal to use $ 181 million of the federal money to help build a toll road that will eventually form part of an outer ring around Houston has drawn criticism from some transportation advocates who warn that the project will spur more sprawl .
Two schools of thought are emerging as states decide what to do with their shares .
Kansas decided to concentrate its money on a few new projects that its transportation secretary , Deb Miller , called “ game changers . ”
So it will spend nearly a quarter of its money building the next leg of a project to expand U.S. 69 in Overland Park , a bustling suburb of Kansas City .
It will rebuild an interchange in Wichita in an area where developers want to put more retail space , rebuild a rural highway in Gove County that has heavy truck traffic , and complete a 10 - year project to improve a corridor in McPherson County where work was stopped because the money had dried up .
“ We wanted to build projects that would have a lasting impact , so that 20 years later people could look at them and see what we did , ” said Ms. Miller , who added that the department was considering making plaques to show that the projects had been paid for by the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 , the official name of the stimulus law .
Others argue that the money should be used to fix the crumbling infrastructure that already exists .
They note that for years , many states have put off much - needed maintenance to save money , and that repair projects can be done quickly .
In the absence of a broader policy discussion about the future of transportation — which would involve wrestling with questions about sprawl and how to reduce dependence on foreign oil — these states have decided it is better to fix existing roads than to build new ones that would only attract more cars .
Maryland is taking the fix - it - first approach — and calls the $ 638 million it will receive in stimulus money most welcome , given that the state was forced to defer $ 2.1 billion worth of construction and repair projects when the economy soured .
John D. Porcari , Maryland ’s transportation secretary , said the state would quickly put some 10,000 people to work resurfacing dozens of roads , painting and repairing bridges and putting in guardrails .
“ It ’s like maintaining your car : if you neglect the relatively easy periodic maintenance , you ’re building up to a very big bill — and eventually replacing it , ” Mr. Porcari said .
“ Instead of having one or two or three megaprojects , we have literally dozens and dozens of projects in every corner of the state , which maximizes the ability of local firms to compete for them . ”
Now contractors across the country — many of which have had to shed workers as construction slowed to a halt — are gearing up for more work .
Jim Andoga , the president of Austin Bridge & Road , which does heavy highway work in Texas , said his firm had mothballed one of the asphalt plants it owned and let go about 50 workers .
Other companies have had to lay off up to half of their workforce , Mr. Andoga said .
You ’ve heard about our hunter and gatherer ancestors , no ?
Did you know that you can find them at your local Target ?
Humans have carried some of their ancient , gendered instincts with them when it comes to shopping .
Women tend to browse around , “ gathering ” up the best from various sources and enjoying the experience , while men tend to buy , going straight in for the “ kill . ”
Here are some things men spend money on that women do n’t .
Full Story
( CNN ) --
The former transit police officer accused of shooting an unarmed man at a California train station went to Nevada with his family " to clear his mind " after receiving death threats , his lawyer said Wednesday .
Hundreds of people took to the streets of Oakland , California Wednesday night to protest the shooting .
The lawyer 's comments came after Johannes Mehserle was arrested on a fugitive warrant in Nevada .
Leads led investigators to Johannes Mehserle , 27 , in Zephyr Cove , Nevada , on Tuesday , authorities said .
He was contacted through his attorney and then surrendered .
" He was always prepared to surrender himself in the case , " Christopher Miller , attorney for Johannes Mehserle said .
Mehserle waived extradition , and police officers were transporting him back to California on Wednesday .
Miller said his client may face arraignment as early as Thursday morning .
The lawyer spoke of Mehserle , 27 , as " a fine officer with an excellent work history " adding " this case is not just about a video . "
Miller was referring to a cell phone video that captured the shooting .
" As this case moves forward through the justice system and all the circumstances of that chaotic night become clear , I fully expect Mr. Mehserle to be cleared of the charges against him , " Miller said .
Miller 's statements were a stark contrast to comments made by district attorney Tom Orloff earlier Wednesday at a news conference announcing they were charging Mehserle with murder .
" What I feel the evidence indicates is an unlawful killing done by an intentional act , " Orloff said .
" From the evidence we have , there 's nothing that would mitigate that to something lower than a murder , " he added .
" The murder charge was the appropriate charge given the state of the evidence . "
Hundreds of people in Oakland , California , continued to express their outrage about the shooting by taking to the streets in a protest at City Hall Wednesday night .
It was the first major demonstration after more than 100 people were arrested during violent protests in Oakland that followed the victim 's funeral last Thursday .
The protesters gathered on the front lawn of city hall , where police blocked the front entrance , at about 4 p.m. ( 7 p.m. ET ) before marching down to City Hall .
While many in Oakland , California have been vocal about the shooting , Mehserle himself has remained mum .
Orloff said Mehserle 's attorney has invoked his client 's right to remain silent .
" In terms of an interview at this point in time , our hands are tied , " he said .
Watch Orloff speak about the murder charges »
He is accused of the shooting of Oscar Grant III at an Oakland , California , station on New Year 's Day .
The incident was captured on video by several witnesses and spurred violent protests in the northern California city .
Mehserle , 27 , was taken into custody in Douglas County , Nevada at about 7 p.m. , Sgt. Dan Coverly of Douglas County Sheriff 's Office told CNN affiliate KGO - TV in San Francisco .
Referring to Mehserle 's arrest , BART said , " This comes after the BART Police Department conducted a thorough investigation that involved nine detectives , which BART Police turned over to District Attorney Thomas Orloff on Monday , January 12 . "
Jail staff report that Mehserle has cooperated and is in a segregated area and on a precautionary health and welfare watch .
Mehserle resigned from his job as a BART police officer days after the shooting .
Grant , a 22 - year - old father , was killed on New Year 's Day in a crowded BART train station .
Police had been called to the Fruitvale station after passengers complained about fights on a train and took Grant and several other people off the train once they arrived .
Videos from witnesses show Mehserle shooting Grant in the back as another BART officer kneeled on the man .
The shooting spawned public outrage and a string of protests that led to more than a hundred riot - related arrests .
Police have not said whether Grant had been involved in the fight .
The Oakland Police Department is running its own investigation into the killing , at the request of Mayor Ron Dellums , Officer Jeff Thomason said Wednesday .
All About San Francisco Bay Area Rapid Transit District • Oakland
If it is Poultry Equipments , it must be GARTECH .
GARTECH EQUIPMENTS PVT . LTD . is situated in major industrial city , Pune in India .
It has well - selected & experienced team of professionals and technicians from the field of Poultry automation .
This is a very specialized sector catering to the needs of technology savvy & progressive poultry farmers .
The aim of GARTECH is to continuously upgrade the technique and equipments used by the Poultry farmer to help him achieve the best productivity .
The near hit of the ISS and a piece of space debris was quite the sensation this morning .
It ’s given me some things to think about
First , as DaveP points out , the mainstream news hardly even had time to put up a note about the potential collision until , in many cases , the whole thing was over .
Yet on Twitter we were right on top of it .
I have Tweetdeck ( a Twitter reader ) always open on my Mac desktop , so I constantly see the feed .
I saw Nancy Atkinson tweeting about it , and immediately started looking around for news ( going to NASA TV helped ) .
I started tweeting about it myself , and sending people Nancy ’s way to get info too .
Basically , by a few minutes before the event itself , thousands of people on Twitter were already getting the blow - by - blow .
The same thing happened in February with the Texas fireball .
News on Twitter was flying about it shortly after the event .
Remember , this happened just four days after the two satellites collided , so rumors flew that the fireball was a piece of the debris .
I knew it was n’t , and did my best to squelch that rumor .
In this more recent ISS case , a few folks were speculating the debris might be from one of those satellites too , but it was quickly determined to be something else .
That was never picked up by any big news service like the fireball was , so we avoided any rumors like that .
When I first heard of Twitter , I thought it was useless .
Then a gunman held two people hostage at Johnson Space Center , and I tweeted info as I heard it .
People really liked that , so I started tweeting Shuttle launches and landings , and people liked that too .
What I ’ve discovered is that Twitter is an awesomely useful tool for rapid dissemination of information .
And as we saw with the fireball , it sends out misinformation rapidly , too .
I ’m not sure what to do about that , except to try to have the ear of people with lots of followers , and send them the correct info .
The more folks who hear it , the more who will " retweet " it , and the faster we can step on rumors .
So that ’s one problem with Twitter .
But there ’s another .
Twice now I ’ve received complaints that during these events , I tweet too much .
That ’s an interesting thing .
We ’re talking breaking news , and Twitter , we ’ve seen , is profoundly useful in those situations .
As news comes in , it gets out .
Under normal circumstances , I do n’t tweet that much , so that ’s what people expect .
When an event happens , though , I will increase my frequency by a factor of five or more .
I can see where that might irritate someone who follows me .
But what can be done ?
I want to make sure that I ’m getting information out as I find it out , and that means lots of updates .
I certainly do n’t want to tick anyone off , but what other choice is there ?
Ignore the news ?
That does n’t work either .
So I ’m honestly at a loss .
The Shuttle launches again in a few days , and I ’ll be on Twitter reporting it if I can .
I do n’t expect a solution between now and then , but I welcome ideas .
If you ’re on Twitter and have thoughts , leave comments below , please .
But not too many !
That ’s irritating .
[ Note added a bit later : I did get one public tweet from someone about doing it too much ( MCPF ™
Adam was just teasing me ) , but that ’s not really what prompted this .
I got some private messages after the Kepler launch ( plus some from an old launch months ago ) which spurred me into writing this . ]
[ Update 2 : David Harris has some thoughts on this as well . ]
Comments for : Even More Babes
It seems like a fool - proof plan : start up with a close friend .
You ’ll get along ( obviously ) , and you ’ll get to share the exciting , fantastic , scary experience of starting up with someone you care about .
It ’s not a bad idea , but there are a few caveats that you should be aware of before you proceed .
When I started my first company with one of my closest friends , I expected things would go very well between us .
We understood each other in ways that would take years to build up ( and did take 10 years ) .
We knew each other , and we knew we could rely on each other .
We were prepared to have many surprises along the way — starting a business is always going to be a scary adventure .
What we were n’t prepared for was that the main problem would come from us and the dynamic between us .
What happened , in brief
I ’m not going to go into all the details of what exactly went wrong , for a number of reasons ( among them , it would be a one - sided account and inherently unfair on my friend and first cofounder ) .
The long and short of it is , we had different expectations about the business .
I left my safe , comfortable corporate job to work on it , so I needed it to succeed , or else I would find myself back in the corporate world .
By contrast , my friend had already started several companies and was comfortably well off , so he did n’t have the same expectations and requirements .
It turned out we have a different definition of “ the business is n’t working out ” .
For me , it was working out if it was making enough money to cover my expenses .
For my friend , it was n’t working out unless it was making enough money to also add to his existing wealth and thus justify the time and effort which he poured into it .
Both those views were correct , but because we knew that we understood each other , we did n’t realise that our views were different until that difference had grown into a huge misunderstanding .
This core divergence of views could have been resolved easily if we ’d known about it and discussed it ahead of time , but we did n’t know about it , so it festered and turned into dozens of other misunderstandings , so that by the time it finally became clear what our main divergence was , much of the damage was already done and it was entangled in a huge mass of emotional misunderstandings .
This almost cost us our friendship .
We got through this thanks to the help and mediation of another very good friend , who helped us to communicate to each other how we felt , so that we could move forward together rather than against each other .
I ’m glad to say the mediation worked , and we ’re still friends ( perhaps even stronger than before ) .
Nevertheless , I learned some important lessons from this .
1 . Make your agreements explicit
The first lesson is to keep agreements explicit .
It ’s not enough to think that your friend understands what you think : make sure he does by discussing it openly with him .
As my mediating friend phrased it , “ unspoken promises ” have a tendency to turn into broken promises ( which are always hard to swallow ) .
Avoid unspoken promises .
Here ’s an example of a really bad thing to keep implicit : “ We ’ll only call it quits if the business is bankrupt and ca n’t raise any more money . ”
The promise here is that we ’ll keep going until the very end .
This may seem obvious to one party in the business , but it may not be so to the other .
One partner could , for instance , feel that the time to call it quits is when the business has 3 months of cash flow left .
Another may feel that it ’s worth going deep into credit card debt territory before giving up .
Do n’t make this mistake : keep those agreements explicit .
2. Detail your agreements
Once you make some agreements explicit , it should become clear that you need further discussion to figure out exactly what your explicit agreement is .
Do n’t be afraid to do this .
It ’s not “ too early to discuss this ” .
Here ’s an explicit agreement that ’s not detailed enough : “ We want the business to make a lot of money ” .
Really ?
How much are you happy with ?
10’000 pounds a month ?
A million ?
What is the definition of success ?
It ’s almost certain that you and your business partner have different views as to what “ a lot of money ” is .
Being on the same page about what you expect out of your business will ensure that you do n’t pull in different directions when things are going well .
Think of how mortifying it would be to find out that your partner wants to pull the plug when you think that the business is successful .
3 . Do n’t be afraid of discussing the bad stuff
There are a number of subjects which seem almost embarrassing to discuss when things are going well .
For example , “ What if one of us decides to pull out ? ”
Your first reaction to this topic might be “ What ?
We ’re barely getting started , and already we ’re talking about what happens if one of us pulls out ? ”
The reality is that people ’s life circumstances change through time .
They get married , or decide to leave the country , or get engrossed in a different pursuit , etc .
Many things can get in between a founder and his start - up .
Similarly , many things can go very wrong with a start - up .
When those things do go wrong , or when one of the founders decides to pull out , is not the time to discuss these things .
You need to discuss them with a clear head when no one is thinking of pulling out and the business looks healthy and hopeful .
When you discuss your start - up ’s future , do not be afraid to talk about the disaster scenarios .
Also , when you negotiate what will happen if a partner quits , do n’t be so sure that it wo n’t be you .
4 . Write things down
There are two reasons to write things down : first , people ’s memories of conversations are faulty .
Writing things down also ensures that there is no disagreement , later , about what was decided .
You do n’t need a long document for this — even just one or two pages describing your agreement is enough to avoid later misunderstandings .
The second reason is that people may think they have reached an agreement when in reality they never agreed about the details .
Once you put something in writing , you give it a certain air of finality that teases out those last remaining disagreement .
Basically , putting an agreement in writing is like putting a new piece of functionality in code .
Until it exists in that form , it ’s just vapour .
Halfway through my misunderstanding with my friend , we thought we ’d figured out a way forward .
I was n’t sure that we were both thinking the same thing , so I made the effort to put it in writing , in the form of a business plan .
When my friend read it , and understood more clearly what I meant , he recanted , and the agreement fell through .
It ’s a good thing that it fell through , because it would likely have resulted in even more problems later on if we ’d gone through with it based on our flawed understanding of each other .
5 . Do n’t make it work at all costs
Yes , I know this is your friend that you ’re starting up with , and this is your great opportunity to start your own business .
However , if , in those discussions , you find that there ’s an intractable disagreement , do n’t fall into the trap of thinking that the most important thing is to smooth things over and start the business .
Starting up with someone is almost like marrying them ( temporarily ) , in a way .
You ’ll be talking to them almost everyday , and possibly even more than with your significant other .
You ’ll be working on a “ baby ” ( your business ) for many months .
It ’s a big commitment , basically , and much like any other kind of significant commitment , you should n’t go into it if you think there are major problems , because those problems will only get worse .
6 . Do n’t assume things will get better with time
It ’s easy to rationalise away big problems by assuming that things will get better with time .
In some cases , they will , but in a majority of cases , they wo n’t .
What this means , for example , is that you should n’t assume that your inexplicably small share of the business will magically grow to 50 % later on .
This is even less likely to happen if the business is working well ( if the business is n’t working out , chances are it does n’t matter anyway ) .
Sample questions
This article would n’t be complete without a list of questions that you might go through and discuss with your cofounder .
Use them as a guideline or as a checklist , as you please .
What do we both mean by “ the business is successful ” ?
What do we both mean by “ the business is not successful ” ?
What happens if one of us needs to voluntarily pull out , for any reason ?
What happens if one of us cannot work on the business anymore , for involuntary reasons ?
What are the conditions under which we ’d call the business a failure and pull the plug ?
What is plan B for each of us if we do pull the plug ?
Are we both prepared for that plan B ?
What do we expect of each other , both in terms of responsibilities and in terms of attitude and effort ?
What is and is not an expense ?
What is the maximum amount someone can spend on an expense without checking with the other ?
( from Sebastian Marshall )
When and how will profits be distributed ?
How much will be reinvested ?
What will the reserves be ?
( from Sebastian Marshall )
What happens if one partner needs cash and the other wants to reinvest it into growth / expansion ?
( from Sebastian Marshall )
How will you handle it when ( not if ) the hours each partner is working are unbalanced ?
( from Sebastian Marshall )
This is not a final list by any means , but it should at least provide some starting points to make the implicit explicit .
If you have other suggestions , please do add them in the comments below .
Conclusion
I do n’t regret starting that business with my friend , but I do regret not clarifying those kinds of questions upfront .
It would have saved me a lot of worry .
If your business is struggling , you do n’t need the additional pain of seeing your friendship unraveling under the stress of accumulated misunderstandings .
So , do yourself a favour , and set out to :
Make your agreements explicit so that you do n’t break implicit promises
so that you do n’t break implicit promises Detail your agreements so that your promises are clear
so that your promises are clear Do n’t be afraid of discussing negative scenarios , so that you do n’t add the stress of misunderstanding to already bad situations
, so that you do n’t add the stress of misunderstanding to already bad situations
Write things down so you ’ll remember
so you ’ll remember Do n’t make things work at all costs , so that you do n’t spend the next years living with a deal that ’s not acceptable to you
, so that you do n’t spend the next years living with a deal that ’s not acceptable to you Do n’t assume things will get better with time , so you ’re not surprised when they do n’t
I hope this helps others .
Your comments below are much welcome .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) -
This may be the week that Wall Street finally realized a golden era of prestige , high pay and perks has ended .
Many bankers felt they could hunker down through the economic crisis without transforming their behavior .
But then this week new U.S. President Barack Obama made it clear their attitudes and compensation have to change at a time when they are being bailed out with many billions of dollars of taxpayers ’ money and the rest of the country is suffering from mass layoffs and declining retirement accounts .
“ That is the height of irresponsibility .
It is shameful , ” Obama said on Thursday , responding to news that Wall Street paid out $ 18.4 billion in bonuses for 2008 .
In the previous few days , Obama and his spokesman had weighed in against Citigroup ’s decision to buy a $ 50 million corporate jet ordered in 2005 , prompting the bank to cancel the contract , and attacked former Merrill Lynch CEO John
Thain for spending $ 1.2 million on renovating his office .
One Democratic senator on Friday even proposed a law that would prevent bank executives from making more than $ 400,000 a year while they receive government financial support .
Add it all up , and Wall Street has little choice but to make changes big and small , veteran bankers and compensation experts said .
“ You ’d better scrutinize executive lunch rooms , you ’d better scrutinize your offices , you ’d better scrutinize those fresh flowers and car services and jets , ” said Alan Johnson , a leading compensation consultant .
With shrinking bonuses and perquisites comes less prestige , said Steve Persky , portfolio manager at Dalton Investments in Los Angeles .
“ The heyday of working on the sellside is over , ” Persky said .
Some on Wall Street bridle at having to rein in their spending habits , but some are philosophical .
“ As long as the government is putting money into these organizations , they have a right to that voice , ” said Alan Greenberg , former Chairman of Bear Stearns Cos. , which had to be rescued by JPMorgan Chase & Co. with the help of the government last March .
Gary Goldstein , president and CEO of Whitney Partners , an executive search group specializing in financial services , said changing the way compensation is distributed will be a change for the good .
“ It has become very corrupt , ” Goldstein said .
“ I ’ve watched it over the years and everyone was taking their piece of the pie ... and not paying attention to the end game , which is the little guy who ends up with all of these securities on their retirement accounts . ”
Bonuses at big banks could slide a lot further , and they wo n’t come back to recent heights anytime soon , experts warned .
Johnson forecast a 15 percent to 20 percent drop in bonuses at the world ’s biggest financial firms this year , following a 45 percent decline in 2008 .
“ Any amount is too much , ” Johnson said of bonuses .
“ If you think it ’s bad now , it ’s going to be worse in ‘ 09 . ”
Bonuses were excessive in recent years because factors like deregulation created outsized opportunities , an academic study published last month showed .
The study , by New York University Professor Thomas Philippon and University of Virginia Professor Ariell Reshef , found that 30 - 50 percent of the extra pay Wall Street employees got relative to the rest of the private sector over the last decade could be termed excess pay , or pay not justified by factors like education or technology .
There was a similar spike in relative pay just before the Great Depression in the 1930s , and financial sector compensation took many years to recover once it plummeted .
“ The spike has passed , and people on Wall Street will be treated more like everybody else , ” said Roy Smith , finance professor at New York University and a former partner at Goldman Sachs .
Not every Wall Street employee will stand for it .
Many will try to find jobs at smaller firms , which are not receiving support from the government and therefore do not have to limit pay .
But many will have to leave the industry altogether , said Robert Sedgwick , a lawyer at Morrison Cohen LLP in New York who negotiates executive pay packages .
“ There are not nearly enough smaller places to go , ” Robert Sedgwick .
Some do think that once financial markets recover , bonuses will start to recover , albeit to levels lower than those seen earlier this decade .
“ Wall Street will still pay big bonuses , because that ’s how they ’re set up -- they have low overhead and they offer a large incentive in compensation , ” said John Gutfreund , who was chief executive of Salomon Brothers in the 1980s , when the bank mushroomed .
But for now , with lower pay on Wall Street , the joy of working at a large firm has passed , Morrison Cohen ’s Sedgwick said .
“ What are jobs about ?
They ’re about having fun and making money , ” Sedgwick said .
“ But at the big firms , both are being substantially reduced . ”
In a blow to the movement arguing that vaccines lead to autism , a special court ruled on Thursday against three families seeking compensation from the federal vaccine - injury fund .
Both sides in the debate have been awaiting decisions in these test cases since hearings began in 2007 ; more than 5,000 similar claims have been filed .
In the three cases , each decided by a judge called a special master , the court found that the families had not shown that their children ’s autism was brought on by substances in the vaccines  either the measles virus in the measles , mumps and rubella vaccine , or its combination with thimerosal , a mercury - based preservative that was used in most childhood vaccines until 2001 .
In a case pitting the family of Michelle Cedillo , a severely autistic child , against the Department of Health and Human Services , the judge ruled that the Cedillos had “ failed to demonstrate that thimerosal - containing vaccines can contribute to causing immune dysfunction , or that the M.M.R. vaccine can contribute to causing either autism or gastrointestinal dysfunction . ”
The U.S. will reduce its military presence in Iraq by 12,000 troops over the next six months as part of the first major drawdown since President Obama announced his plan to end combat operations in the country next year , U.S. military officials in Baghdad said Sunday .
The announcement came just hours after a suicide bomber on a motorcycle struck a crowd of police recruits outside an Interior Ministry compound in Baghdad , killing at least 33 people and wounding 61 .
Despite that grim reminder of the lingering danger , U.S. officials said the drawdown reflects growing confidence in the security gains in Iraq over the last two years .
It also reflects a major shift in priorities for the U.S. military , which is increasingly focused on efforts to arrest the deteriorating situation in Afghanistan .
The plan would reduce U.S. troop strength by nearly 10 % just as Iraq is preparing for nationwide elections in the fall -- a step that would have been unthinkable at the height of the insurgency but was endorsed in this case by top U.S. military officials .
Advertisement
“ The time and conditions are right for coalition forces to reduce the number of troops in Iraq , ” U.S. Army Gen. Raymond T. Odierno , the top American commander in Iraq , said in a statement .
Successful provincial elections in January “ demonstrated the increased capability of the Iraqi army and police to provide security , ” he said .
In the coming months , Odierno said , “ Iraqis will see the number of U.S. forces go down in the cities while more and more Iraqi flags go up at formerly shared security stations . ”
The plan calls for the number of U.S. brigade combat teams to drop from 14 to 12 .
Two brigade teams that had been scheduled to redeploy in the next six months will not be replaced .
Advertisement
A British brigade will also leave Iraq without being replaced , taking the final British combat troops out of Iraq .
When the American move is completed , it would reduce the U.S. military presence in Iraq to about 128,000 troops , dipping for the first time below the number of troops in the country before then - President Bush ordered the buildup he referred to as the “ surge ” in 2007 .
The schedule for the withdrawal represents a compromise between the 16 - month timetable President Obama had advocated during his election campaign and a 23 - month plan that had been pushed by the military .
Under the compromise , all combat forces would be pulled out of Iraq by Aug. 31 , 2010 , but a residual force of 35,000 to 50,000 troops would remain for training and support missions .
Advertisement
The Iraq withdrawals are crucial to the administration ’s plans to devote more military resources to Afghanistan , as well as to limit spending at a time when the government is facing record deficits .
Senior U.S. national security officials are nearing completion of a strategic review of the U.S. mission in Afghanistan , a step that Obama has described as an effort “ to stabilize a deteriorating situation , ” one he has implied was neglected by Bush .
Seven years after the U.S. invasion , Afghanistan ’s stability is threatened by a renewed Taliban insurgency , as well as increasing frustration within the country with a central government regarded as corrupt and ineffective .
Last month , Obama announced plans to send 17,000 additional U.S. soldiers and Marines to Afghanistan -- deployments that would more than offset the troop reductions in Iraq .
Advertisement
Despite Sunday ’s bombing , U.S. military spokesman Maj. Gen. David Perkins said violence in Iraq had dropped to its lowest level since summer 2003 , just months after the U.S. - led invasion .
Last month , 211 civilians were killed , including 60 during a major Shiite religious festival ; 189 civilians and Iraqi security forces were killed in January , the lowest total since April 2003 , when the initial ground war ended .
Even with the dramatic turnaround , bombings and assassinations still occur almost daily around the country , and Defense Ministry spokesman Mohammed Askari said it was impossible to fully stop the violence .
“ Definitely the security situation is improving , but such terrorist thoughts are not easy to eliminate .
There are breaches .
They want to affect the situation , ” Askari told the Al Arabiya satellite news channel .
He vowed that more precautions would be taken around recruiting centers , where large crowds are an appealing target for armed groups .
Advertisement
Haidar Nouri , 22 , was one of the young men in line Sunday morning , waiting next to blast walls at the edge of Palestine Street , a main road adjacent to the Interior Ministry compound .
Nouri , from east Baghdad ’s Baladiyat neighborhood , said he was desperate for work , tired of odd jobs and menial labor .
Police divided his group into four lines , and the men thought they were about to go inside .
“ While we were standing there , I heard someone scream , ‘ Stop ! Stop ! ’
Then I heard two shots and I felt something throw the crowd down .
I felt nothing after that .
[ Then ]
I found myself in the hospital , ” Nouri said .
Shrapnel was lodged in his neck , hand and shoulder , and his thigh was burned , he said .
“ I saw some of my fellow recruits lost their hands and others their legs .
The hospital halls are crowded with the wounded , ” he said .
“ I hoped to serve my country when I got this job and that God would bless me with money , but this is what I got . ”
Advertisement
At the nearby Oil Ministry , employee Abbas Alaa said the force of the blast shook his building .
“ I got out and I was close to the incident site .
We saw wounded people .
I smelled burning flesh and saw pools of blood , ” he recounted .
“ The place was in total chaos . ”
--
greg.miller@latimes.com
Times staff writers Saif Hameed and Raheem Salman in Baghdad contributed to this report .
Philosophy of the GNU Project
See audio-video.gnu.org for recordings of Richard Stallman 's speeches .
Free software means that the software 's users have freedom .
( The issue is not about price . )
We developed the GNU operating system so that users can have freedom in their computing .
Specifically , free software means users have the four essential freedoms : ( 0 ) to run the program , ( 1 ) to study and change the program in source code form , ( 2 ) to redistribute exact copies , and ( 3 ) to distribute modified versions .
Software differs from material objects — such as chairs , sandwiches , and gasoline — in that it can be copied and changed much more easily .
These facilities are why software is useful ; we believe a program 's users should be free to take advantage of them , not solely its developer .
For further reading , please select a section from the menu above .
We also maintain a list of most recently added articles .
Introduction
Less than a year ago , the most repellent area bus tour we knew of was the one that induced Sex and the City–crazed tourists to put $ 40 on their Citi cards for a cupcake and a glimpse at Carrie Bradshaw ’s brownstone .
How times have changed !
Now , everyone ’s clamoring aboard the Populist Rage Bus .
The Connecticut Working Families
Party this weekend has organized a bus store that will make stops at Wilton , Connecticut , AIG office as well as the security - patrolled homes of AIG execs who are fearing for their lives .
“ We ’re going to be peaceful and lawful in everything we do , ” said Jon Green , the director of Connecticut Working Families .
“ I know there ’s a lot of anger and a lot of rage about what ’s happened .
We ’re not looking to foment that unnecessarily , but what we want to do is give folks in Bridgeport and Hartford and other parts of Connecticut who are struggling and losing their homes and their jobs and their health insurance an opportunity to see what kinds of lifestyle billions of dollars in credit - default swaps can buy . ”
Right , they ’re not fomenting rage , they ’re just encouraging it .
So if you happen to record someone ’s address so you can return in the dead of night , it ’s not like Working Families told you to !
We know we sound paranoid and we really can’t believe we ’re actually on the same side as Rush , but this is getting way out of hand .
Oh , to have fat ladies in high heels clogging up the West Village again .
AIG Exces Scorned , Even In Driveways [ NYT ]
Bus Tour [ Connecticut Working Families ]
1. “ The Regina Monologues ” ( season 15 )
De rigueur contemporary opinion dictates that The Simpsons has n’t been good in at least a decade , and that the show — currently finishing its 20th season — pales in comparison to its golden age from the mid-’90s .
Like all generalizations , this one contains some truth , but overlooks evidence to the contrary .
Take , for example , “ The Regina Monologues ” :
At first glance , it looks like another addition to the growing line of “ The Simpsons are going to ________ ! ” episodes , where traveling to a foreign land provides easy “ Boy , Americans sure are assholes ! ” jokes and riffs on stereotypes .
But in the hands of ace writer John Swartzwelder — who penned a staggering list of classic episodes , and the hugely popular “ Spider Pig ” song from The Simpsons Movie — “ The Regina Monologues ” rises above the international - episode template .
When the family travels to London so Grampa can reconnect with an old love , Homer inevitably ends up in jail for harming the queen , whose H.R.H. designation he claims is the mark of an imposter named “ Henrietta R. Hippo . ”
The episode bursts with great bits , including Bart ’s Hockey Dad videogame ( “ Dad , stop !
It ’s only assault — do n’t make it murder ! ” ) , a recurring Bond theme , My Fair Lady and Trainspotting references , and a impressive roster of guest stars that include Prime Minister Tony Blair .
Blair took some heat for appearing on the show during the throes of the Iraq War , which the episode addresses in a couple of well - placed barbs from Homer .
Classic quote - to - be : “ I ’m acting the way America acts best : unilaterally ! ”
Advertisement
2. “ Diatribe Of A Mad Housewife ” ( season 15 )
" Diatribe ” travels a well - worn path in the Simpsons story arc : Marge as repressed artist , Homer as inconsiderate lout , Homer taking a new job , Flanders as secret hunk .
The episode stands out thanks to some particularly funny bits from writer Robin J. Stein , a kids ’
TV vet who ’s written only one episode , and a pair of stylistic animated sequences .
Marge ’s first novel , The Harpooned Heart , turns into a bitter commentary on her marriage when Homer gets fired from the plant and takes a job as an ambulance driver .
A love triangle develops in the novel when the Marge character ( “ Temperance Sparrows ” ) falls for a hunk named Cyrus ( a thinly veiled Flanders ) .
The novel takes place during “ whaling times , ” allowing for some funny commentary on the past ( tobacco , Virginia ’s miracle plant ) , and the publishing industry in general .
It also has a couple of funny cameos from Thomas Pynchon and the Olsen twins ( who read the audiobook version of The Harpooned Heart ) , though Tom Clancy ’s clumsy line - reading does n’t work as well .
Classic quote - to - be : “ I did n’t lie !
I was writing fiction with my mouth ! ”
3. “ 24 Minutes ” ( season 18 )
A spoof on the popular Fox show 24 does n’t seem a likely candidate for immortality , but if nothing else , “ 24 Minutes ” — co-written by Ian Maxtone - Graham , who ’s penned some of the stronger newer episodes , and Billy Kimball — offers a series of funny gags that can sustain the conceit long after people have forgotten about Kiefer Sutherland ’s real - time action show .
Deep inside the CTU — Counter - Truancy Unit — Lisa , Skinner , and a band of nerds ( Martin , Milhouse , Database ) track a stink - bomb plot by Jimbo , Dolph , and Kearney .
Rogue agent Bart plays the Sutherland role , with Lisa standing in for Mary Lynn Rajskub ’s Chloe .
( Sutherland and Rajskub appear as well . )
The plot unfolds like an episode of 24 — The Simpsons even copied the show ’s split - screen look — but “ 24 Minutes ” is mostly memorable for the jokes that do n’t spoof 24 : Homer and Milhouse riding a careening Dumpster ( “ This is our life now , Milhouse .
We ’re Dumpster folk . ” ) , Jimbo ’s mom showing her breast implants to his friends ( “ Lookin ’ good , Carol ! ” exclaims Dolph ) , a drill - wielding Moe reading Be Your Own Dentist , the funny Skinner - Chalmers exchanges , and old history books stashed in the air vents ( ’50s books deemed too racist , ’ 90s books not racist enough ) .
Of the 24 - related material , nothing beats an exceedingly dark sequence that shows Martin , revealed as a mole for the bullies , preparing for his suicide .
( Turns out he was just giving himself a wedgie . )
Classic quote - to - be : “ What is it about a woman in a Dumpster ? ”
Advertisement
4. “ Any Given Sundance ” ( season 19 )
Okay , the film - festival idea has been done before in a classic Simpsons episode ( “ A Star Is Burns ” ) , and “ Any Given Sundance ” flagrantly steals its outsider - artist theme , substituting Nelson for Barney .
Get over that part , though , and “ Sundance ” has plenty of hilarious moments : Homer ’s imagined film festival ( where Mexican filmstrips run from “ los DVDs ” ) , the pointed commentary on Sundance , film festivals , and critics , and some good shenanigans from Skinner and Chalmers , who hope Lisa ’s documentary will help Springfield Elementary be known for something other than having the highest hamster - mortality rate in town .
Throw in a couple funny cameos from Jim Jarmusch ( whose Cheaper By The Dozen sequel looks like a real downer ) and John C. Reilly , and “ Any Given Sundance ” stands out as one of Season 19 ’s best .
Classic quote - to - be : “ They ’re like the family from hell on acid that ’s on steroids ! ”
5. “ Kiss Kiss Bang Bangalore ” ( season 17 )
It ’s a fool ’s errand to pinpoint when and how modern - day Simpsons diverged from its golden age , but one possible culprit is the show ’s increasingly frequent tendency to stretch a thin concept way beyond its breaking point .
( See : “ Bonfire Of The Manatees . ” )
In that respect , “ Kiss Kiss Bang Bangalore ” is successful in its restraint : Rather than padding out two admittedly lean plots into a couple of subpar episodes , the writers stuck to separate A and B stories that successfully straddle the line between overblown silliness and timely commentary .
The main narrative of Mr. Burns sending the power plant ’s operations to India — along with token American employee Homer , who quickly converts the diligent Indian workforce into entitled , casual - Friday - lovin ’ layabouts — gets in several digs at both outsourcing and unions , plus a couple of funny , though broad , India - centric jokes , like Homer groaning “ Finally ! ” after finding Apu ’s cousin Kavi on the second try in a city of 6 million .
Meanwhile , Patty and Selma ’s kidnapping of an increasingly needy Richard Dean “ MacGyver ” Anderson segues from a chuckle - worthy reference to sublime absurdity , culminating with Anderson ’s “ MacGyver Burgers , ” i.e. shredded Slim Jims held together with rubber bands .
Classic quote - to - be : “ This Olive Garden coupon !
It expires at midnight !
MacGyver away ! ”
Advertisement
[ pagebreak ]
6 . “ The Monkey Suit ” ( season 17 )
The Simpsons is frequently at its best when skewering religion , and “ The Monkey Suit ” goes back to that well with surprising sweetness .
After being turned away from the hot new weapons exhibit at the natural - history museum ( “ Nunchucks : cool , but useless ” ) , Ned Flanders is shocked to learn that evolution has taken over his dear old creationism as the theory of choice in educational circles .
When Flanders and Reverend Lovejoy ( who ’s hoping a controversy will win back his churchgoers from those Episcopalians and their darn vibrating pews ) succeed in ousting evolution theory from the curriculum at Springfield Elementary , Lisa is arrested for trying to spread the teachings of “ cowardly drunk ” Charles Darwin .
Her convictions place her at odds with Marge , who is reluctant to choose between science and her beliefs , but she comes around after reading The Origin Of Species ( “ I ca n’t wait to see what evolution comes up with next .
Maybe a bird with a people face , or a bear with pants on ! ” ) , and helps Lisa win the trial by pointing out the striking similarities between evolution ’s “ missing link ” and Homer trying to open a beer bottle .
Though it takes a while to get where it ’s going ( a pre-script featuring Bart trying to cram a summer ’s worth of memories into a single day goes on just a little too long ) , “ The Monkey Suit ” eventually finds that Simpsons sweet spot at the intersection of family life and social satire .
Classic quote - to - be : “ Cram it , ya God-wad . ”
Advertisement
7. “ Papa Do n’t Leech ” ( season 19 )
“ Papa Do n’t Leech ” was one of the worst - reviewed Simpsons in recent memory , and was the third least - watched episode in the show ’s history , but a lot of that distaste might have been a knee - jerk reaction to the seemingly crass move of dusting off of one of the show ’s all - time - great one - off characters , Lurleen Lumpkin ( from the season - three stone - cold classic “ Colonel Homer ” ) .
A second look reveals a solid storyline ( courtesy of Reid Harrison , who also penned the great season - eight episode “ The Springfield Files ” ) that stays original while revisiting some of the best parts of “ Colonel Homer . ”
When a broke Springfield calls in its residents ’ back taxes , the down - on - her - luck Lurleen becomes a pariah due to her non-payment .
The ever - generous Simpson family takes her in , in spite of Marge ’s teeth - grinding objections , until she can emerge from her downward spiral .
( “ I told her not to go into one of those ! ” Homer says . )
Marge makes it her personal mission to reunite the daddy - issue - laden country singer with her deadbeat father .
After an initially rose - colored reunion , Royce Lumpkin sells one of Lurleen ’s songs to guest stars The Dixie Chicks , who turn in one of the few non-superfluous celebrity cameos in recent memory .
Granted , “ Papa Do n’t Leech ” relies heavily on nostalgia , but it does right by its predecessor .
Classic quote - to - be : Lou : “ Chief , are you okay ?
Why ’d you jump off the roof ? ”
Wiggum : “ I just wanted to be extraordinary ! ”
8. “ The Debarted ” ( season 19 )
The Simpsons has wandered into high - concept hell several times over the past half - decade ( some might say decade ) , but “ The Debarted ” works because its on - the - nose movie - parody elements are anchored in the small - time confines of Springfield Elementary .
Rather than tethering this send - up of The Departed to Fat Tony and his gang , the episode centers on one of the show ’s time - tested themes :
Bart the prankster .
When Skinner places an undercover snitch ( guest star Topher Grace ) in Bart ’s schoolyard gang , a nicely paced struggle unfolds between the beleaguered principal and his spiky - haired nemesis .
( “ Skinner ’s five steps ahead of me , ” bemoans Bart .
“ I put a tack on his chair , he ’s corked his pants .
I throw a tomato , he ’s making salad ! ” )
Bringing The Departed into Skinner and Bart ’s low - stakes rivalry allows the episode to engage in some fun cinematic styling — such as a nicely done chase scene in which Bart is foiled by two men carrying a “ Branson ’s View Blockers ” - brand opaque panel — without seeming overblown .
The B - plot , featuring Homer indulging in the joys of a luxury loaner car while his is in the shop , is similarly down - to - earth , a nice break from the oh - so - wacky shenanigans of the increasingly buffoonish family patriarch .
Classic quote - to - be : “ The rat symbolizes obviousness ! ”
Advertisement
9 . “ Homer And Lisa Exchange Cross Words ” ( season 20 )
The more things change , the more things stay the same , and no matter what else happens on The Simpsons , Homer and Lisa will always be at odds .
Many of the show ’s best episodes , like “ Lisa The Vegetarian , ” were born out of the conflict between his oblivious buffoonery and her unwavering do - gooderness .
Much of that tension has fallen by the wayside in later episodes , due mostly to the writers ’ decision to have Homer do stupid things seemingly for the sake of being stupid , but “ Cross Words ” is a return to form — a reminder that Homer , at his essence , is still a well - meaning guy .
In this mid-season episode , Lisa discovers an innate ability for crossword puzzles and makes it to the final round of a competition ; Homer , flush with cash from his business of breaking up couples , bets against Lisa and wins .
But while Lisa should be livid , she just … is n’t , which is even more unsettling for Homer .
Homer later redeems himself — thanks to guests Will Shortz and Merl Reagle — and the result demonstrates that geeked - out , character - based episodes still hold the most water .
Classic quote - to - be : “ Here ’s your money , drenched in your daughter ’s tears . ”
“ You know , for a bartender - bookie , you ’re awfully judgmental . ”
10 . “ Gone Maggie Gone ” ( season 20 )
Say you ’re The Simpsons , and you ’ve done just about everything under the sun in 20 years of existence .
It ’s time to go bigger , with a riff on The DaVinci Code that feels original and maintains the show ’s sense of humor .
An eclipse passes over Springfield , and Marge burns her eyes by looking at it directly .
This renders her useless around the house , leaving Homer to pick up the slack , a role he ’s obviously unprepared for — before long , rats have taken over the kitchen .
He heads to the store with Maggie and Santa ’s Little Helper to purchase rat poison , and learns that he can’t leave Maggie alone with the stuff , nor can he have the dog and the baby sit unsupervised .
And he needs to get across a river , with a boat only big enough for him and one other thing .
What ’s he to do ?
Well , the show poses the puzzle to the audience before cutting to commercial , a tack they take during the remainder of the episode — Lisa solves riddles and anagrams ( she ’s gotten a lot better since the days of “ Jeremy ’s Iron ” ) to decipher the mystery of a jewel with the power to bring peace to Springfield .
It ’s a pretty far - out episode ( it includes plenty of alternate history , and at least one journey to hell ) , but the show can stand to shake things up every once in a while .
Classic quote - to - be : “ I joined the Freemasons before it was trendy .
That ’s my eyeball on the dollar bill .
That ’s also my pyramid . ”
The regulatory authority — similar to the FDIC ’s so - called bridge bank powers — was originally expected to be included in a broader reform package addressing systemic risk .
But now it 's being crafted as stand - alone legislation in the wake of the public uproar over the AIG executive bonuses .
The legislation , being spearheaded by House Financial Services Chairman Barney Frank ( D - Mass . ) could be ready for mark - up before Congress ’ spring recess , which starts April 6 , according to a senior Congressional staffer .
A public hearing is also expected .
“ The President has asked us to fast - track , ” said the source .
“ Drafting is going on at both ends of Pennsylvania Avenue . ”
The President Wednesday referred to the pressing need for such authority “ get a proper mechanism in place , ” adding he had discussed the issue with Rep Frank .
It is unclear who is handling it on the Senate side , but it would presumably come under the portfolio of the Finance Committee , chaired by Chris Dodd ( D - Conn . )
“ What we are working on is a resolution authority that would be similar — not identical , but similar to the powers that the FDIC currently has over banks , ” the President said in his comments about the AIG uproar ,
FDIC Chairman Sheila Bair Thursday told Congress that the government ’s policy of bailing out firms because they were too big to fail had to be replaced .
Under current law , the FDIC has so - called “ bridge bank authority ” to take over a troubled institution with government insured deposits .
The FDIC essentially keeps the bank open for a short period of time before a pre-arranged buyer — meaning another bank — assumes control and operation .
In some cases , the government actually closes the bank and pays off depositors .
The FDIC , however , does not control bank holding companies , the parent companies of the commercial banks .
That is the responsibility of the Fed , but the central bank is only legally allowed to make the company take so - called prompt corrective action to deal with such things as capital requirements .
Jag kan inte så mycket om whisky men jag vet vad som är snyggt .
Whiskyserien The Elements of Islay från Speciality Drinks Ltd innehåller tre flaskor som bär de lätt kryptiska namnen AR1 , CL1 och LP1 .
Bakom namnen döljer sig tre whiskys från Ardbeg ( AR1 ) , Caol Ila ( CL1 ) och Laphroaig ( LP1 ) .
Men jag bryr mig inte direkt om innehållet utan mer om de snygga , enkla flaskorna som påminner lite om medicinflaskor eller flaskor med läkarsprit .
Tyvärr så vet jag inte vem som formgivit etiketterna eller flaskorna .
Fler bilder finns efter hoppet så klart …
> Speciality Drinks Ltd
( See Correction & Amplification below . )
1973 was a terrible year on Wall Street .
An unexpected crisis in the Middle East led to a quadrupling of oil prices and a serious global economic recession .
The president was in serious trouble with Watergate .
The S&P 500 index dropped 50 % ( after 23 years of rising markets ) , and much of Wall Street fell deeply into the red .
There were no profits , and therefore no bonuses .
I ...
The second shot shows the speaker placement .
We took the speakers out and put them on top of the case in the same position and orientation that they are internally .
Introducing Emenai .
According to his sparsely populated Dailymotion profile , he is a 17 - year - old male in Oftersheim , Baden - Württemberg , Germany .
He registered with Dailymotion on October 23 , 2007 .
Since then he has amassed a noteworthy underground following thanks , in part , to an unparalleled online charisma and , in part , to his library of video clips that document a preternatural dexterity .
He has yet to speak or show his face .
As of February 11 , 2009 – a year - and - a half old in Dailymotion years – he exists in the minds of his followers as only a video game being played by a master gamer or else as a pair of milky hands that , we must assume , manipulate the video game controls .
Here is one piece from his library , a sixteen - second clip on the art of pen spinning , Emenai freestyle .
This German has Hong Kong penspinners analyzing his finger and finger - slot charts to create what we might think of as the Cliff Notes , Tabs , or A Primer for his pen spinning combos .
I wish them luck :
Keep it locked on TOE for more Emenai pen spinning miracles and an exclusive TOE interview .
Share TOE ► Twitter
Facebook
Pinterest
LinkedIn
More
Print
Pocket
Tumblr
Reddit
Pepper had a lot of attention from officers at Margate police station
A former Royal Marine commando put his military training to use as police were called to deal with a large black pig running amok in a Kent seaside town .
Pc Chris Wiltshire was among officers sent to Cliftonvillle , Margate , on Friday night where the animal was running around the Bath Road area .
They gave chase and PC Wiltshire managed to corner it in an alleyway .
" He reported to me afterwards that he always had a way with animals , " said Insp Simons Collins .
" It is quite a large pig and , although it was not aggressive , a number of the younger officers were quite daunted . "
The pig , called Pepper , was taken to Margate police station and housed in a police kennel until its owners came forward on Saturday morning .
" It appears someone broke into a shed where Pepper and a pet rabbit sleep at night , " said Insp Collins .
" They propped open the gate and let the pig escape . "
The six - month - old Berkshire pig was returned to its home in Ethelbert Road but Insp Collins said it had been quite happy while it was bedded down under a police blanket .
" It was the subject of some attention - all the early shift patrols have been over to have a look at it . "
Eric Ries , a serial entrepreneur , most recently was co-founder and Chief Technology Officer of IMVU , his third
startup .
He ’s the author of the blog Lessons Learned , co-author of several books including The Black Art of Java Game Programming ( Waite Group Press , 1996 ) , and a Venture Advisor at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers .
He .
In 2007 , BusinessWeek named Ries one of the Best Young Entrepreneurs of Tech .
He ’ll be presenting on “ The Lean Startup : a Disciplined Approach to Imagining , Designing , and Building New Products ” at Web 2.0 Expo .
We ’re living in a time of renewed possibility for startups .
Major trends – from the pain of the economic crisis to the disruption of web 2.0 – are breaking the old models and paving the way for a new breed of company .
I call it the Lean Startup .
The Lean Startup is a disciplined approach to building companies that matter .
It ’s designed to dramatically reduce the risk associated with bringing a new product to market by building the company from the ground up for rapid iteration and learning .
It requires dramatically less capital than older models , and can find profitability sooner .
Most importantly , it breaks down the artificial dichotomy between pursuing the company ’s vision and creating profitable value .
Instead , it harnesses the power of the market in support of the company ’s long - term mission .
Tim O’Reilly has recently been advocating that as an industry we focus on building stuff that matters .
In response , I want to try and present a way of building startups that can realize that dream .
In particular , he as articulated three principles :
(1) Work on something that matters to you more than money ,
(2) Create more value than you capture , and
(3) Take the long view .
Given the hype and easy credit that has been the hallmark of technology startups the past few years , it ’s been too easy for them to be unclear about whether they are really creating more value or just spending money to create the appearance of success .
The lean startup approach tackles this problem from the very beginning of a startup ’s life .
My experience is that startups need to be built from the ground up for learning about customers and what they will pay for .
That means an obsessive focus on finding out “ is our company vision really the path to a brave new world , or just a delusion ? ”
Read the stories of successful startups and , if the founders are willing to be honest , you will see this pattern over and over again .
They started out as digital cash for PDAs , but evolved into online payments for eBay .
They started building BASIC interpreters , but evolved into the world ’s largest operating systems monopoly .
They were shocked to discover their online games company was actually a photo - sharing site .
Each of these companies were fortunate to have enough time , resources , and patience to endure the multiple iterations it took to find a successful product and market .
The premise of the lean startup is simple : if we can reduce the time between these major iterations , we can increase the odds of success .
And here ’s where working on something that matters to you more than money is critical .
When you ’re committed to something larger than yourself , every minute counts .
Hype and transient success wo n’t keep you going .
But the simple process of finding out whether or not your vision is right will .
Because people who are dedicated to the truth are more likely to fail fast , learn , and try again .
This is one core tenet of the lean startup approach , called customer development .
It has its roots in previous eras of startups ( you can read more in the original customer development book , The Four Steps to the Epiphany ) , but changes in the industry are making it possible to iterate much faster than ever before .
There was a time when many technologies required proprietary licenses , big company permission , or custom deal - making ability to access .
Those days are rapidly coming to a close .
Most technology startups now have access to a staggering array of high - leverage technologies : free and open source software ( and , increasingly , hardware ) , the data - driven services of web 2.0 , user - generated content , and cloud computing , just to name a few .
What all of these trends have in common is the increased leverage that development teams enjoy , meaning that for every ounce of effort they expend in building product , they take advantage of the efforts of thousands or even millions of others .
There ’s no need to tell Radar readers that these technology trends make it cheaper to make new products .
What ’s striking to me is that they enable teams to make new products faster .
It ’s the speed with which companies can move through product iterations that will define this new era .
Those that can experiment rapidly will be more likely to uncover what customers truly want ; those that take advantage of these high - leverage technologies will be able to experiment the fastest .
Another way smart startups can work faster is to adopt agile product development practices .
In traditional waterfall development , which assumes a top - down plan and stable development towards a well - defined outcome , a large number of software projects fail outright ( and the lucky ones come in way over budget and way late ) .
The rise of methodologies like Extreme Programming and Scrum has enabled teams to spend more time focused on focused on building products customers actually want and less time engaged in fruitless practices like writing documentation nobody reads or revising specs nobody adheres to .
Still , agile is not always well adapted to the startup experience .
That ’s not entirely surprising , because most agile methodologies have their roots in big companies .
They are specifically designed to build products in situations where the problem is known but the solution is unknown .
Thus , they engage in rapid communication between the engineers and an authoritative in - house customer or product owner , who can give them fast resolution on feature decisions as they come up .
This is a huge improvement over ever - more - detailed specification documents .
But startups routinely face the problem that they do n’t even know what problem they are trying to solve .
The Lean Startup takes agile practices and evolves them for use in a startup .
The net result is a focus on experimentation and extremely rapid deployment .
At IMVU , my most recent startup , we built the systems that allowed us to deploy code to customers fifty times every day .
When releases are measured in minutes , not months , you can build a company culture designed to avoid the biggest waste of all : building product nobody wants .
At IMVU , we shipped a product in just a few months .
It was terrible .
But we decided to charge for it anyway , iterating our way to a freemium business model that brings in more than a million dollars a month .
In the early days , though , nobody was buying .
It took months of constantly shipping features , measuring the results , and trying again before we realized what was wrong .
Although we were able to get a few users to try the product for free , that was n’t good enough .
We wanted to validate the riskiest part of our business plan : that we could get people to pay real money for virtual clothes .
We were always convinced that the next feature we were about to ship would be “ the big one ” that would fix the product and help us make our paltry monthly revenue targets – only $ 300 a month in those early days .
But these dreams of the instant fix never materialized .
No one major release solved the problem , because the problem was n’t a lack of features .
We eventually realized that our initial product concept , which had seemed so brilliant at the whiteboard , was fundamentally flawed .
But because we took a disciplined approach to learning we were able to find out before it was too late .
Because we had tried every variation of features , had measured the behavior of the people we were bringing in , and were committed to a revenue plan , we were forced to change direction .
It was painful , but if we had n’t done it , we would never have been able to chart a course that led to our eventual success .
In fact , it was n’t the risky part of our original vision that had to change .
It turns out that people really will pay good money for virtual goods .
By discovering the other problems with our concept early , we were able to preserve our larger long - term vision .
And , most importantly , we were then able to prove that it could work .
The Lean Startup is a vision for how startups could be built differently .
Instead of focusing on hype and mega - growth , we can focus on building companies that serve customers in a fundamental way .
That ’s what matters .
Since the FDA granted no objection letters to stevia - derived Reb - A being generally recognised as safe ( GRAS ) for use in food and beverage products , the industry has been preparing for an anticipated raft of new products .
But it 's not just any Reb - A that can be used .
The FDA approval holds for Reb - A with a purity over 95 per cent steviol glycosides only .
Blue California claims to have the highest purity on the market , meanwhile , at 99 per cent .
And as the FAO ’s JECFA - Joint Executive Committee on Food Additives - also concluded that stevia extracts with 95 percent purity are safe for human use in the range of four milligrams per kilogram of body weight per day , the sweetener is expected to be deemed acceptable in more key markets before the year is out .
Flint Michigan typifies the plight of inner city urban decay .
Inquiring minds are wondering what if anything can be done .
MLive explores that issue in an article discussing what to do with abandoned neighborhoods in Flint .
The view through an abandoned house 's broken window looks out on a boarded - up house across the street on East Russell Avenue in Flint .
Look in any direction from Bianca Bates ' north Flint home , and you 'll see graffiti - covered siding , boarded - up windows and overgrown lots .
About half of the homes on her block are burned out or vacant magnets for drug dealers and squatters .
It is n't where she thought she 'd end up , but it 's all she can afford to rent .
Property abandonment is getting so bad in Flint that some in government are talking about an extreme measure that was once unthinkable -- shutting down portions of the city , officially abandoning them and cutting off police and fire service .
Temporary Mayor Michael Brown made the off - the - cuff suggestion Friday in response to a question at a Rotary Club of Flint luncheon about the thousands of empty houses in Flint .
City Council President Jim Ananich said the idea has been on his radar for years .
The city is getting smaller and should downsize its services accordingly by asking people to leave sparsely populated areas , he said .
" It 's going to happen whether we like it or not , " he said .
" We 'd have to be creative about it , but it 's something worth looking into .
We 're not there yet , but it could definitely happen . "
The concept of " shrinking cities " is n't new to urban areas similar to Flint .
Last year , the city of Youngstown , Ohio , proposed incentives to encourage people to move out of nearly empty blocks and relocate to more populated areas closer to the heart of the city .
Some people were offered upward of $ 50,000 , according to news reports .
The idea was to shut down entire streets and bulldoze abandoned properties so the city could discontinue services such as police patrols and street lighting , according to a CNN report .
efficiency
To Scroll Thru My Recent Post List
HOUSING Minister Margaret Beckett has halved proposed increases in council housing rents following pressure from a North - East council .
Council tenants across the region had been braced for rent increases of up to 6.2 per cent before yesterday ’s announcement .
Councils across the country had been obligated to impose the hikes as the Government sought to bring council rents in line with the higher sums charged by social landlords .
The move angered council officials in the region , including Simon Henig , leader of Durham County Council , who travelled to Bristol to lobby Mrs Beckett over the issue .
Yesterday , the Housing Minister announced that councils would receive support to allow them to cut the proposed increases in half .
Mr Henig welcomed news of the reduction , but admitted he did not think his meeting with Mrs Beckett would yield such a quick response .
He added : “ While we were not able to secure immediate changes to Government policy that would soften the blow of the increases , the minister gave us a clear commitment to comprehensively review the whole issue of council house rent restructuring and housing subsidies before we look at our budget for 2010 / 11 .
“ However , our comments clearly struck a chord with the minister and the changes have come about a lot faster than we ever thought they would .
“ It ’s welcome and , while it is a complex job to adjust rent levels twice in a week , we shall do it as quickly as we can and pass on the reduction with as little delay as possible . ”
Current legislation requires housing authorities to give tenants four weeks ’ notice of any variation in their rent .
In County Durham , it means 19,000 tenants are likely to receive two letters in quick succession , informing them first of the six per cent increase and then news of today ’s adjustment .
Glyn
Hall , the council ’s head of housing , urged tenants to conform fully with rent demands .
“ If that means they are over - paying for the first few weeks , the revised rent levels will be adjusted to recognized that and no one will end up paying more than they should , ” he added .
Want to learn about databases without the tedium ?
With its unique combination of Japanese - style comics and serious educational content , The Manga Guide to Databases is just the book for you .
Princess Ruruna is stressed out .
With the king and queen away , she has to manage the Kingdom of Kod 's humongous fruit - selling empire .
Overseas departments , scads of inventory , conflicting prices , and so many customers !
It 's all such a confusing mess .
But a mysterious book and a helpful fairy promise to solve her organizational problems — with the practical magic of databases .
In The Manga Guide to Databases , Tico the fairy teaches the Princess how to simplify her data management .
We follow along as they design a relational database , understand the entity - relationship model , perform basic database operations , and delve into more advanced topics .
Once the Princess is familiar with transactions and basic SQL statements , she can keep her data timely and accurate for the entire kingdom .
Finally ,
Tico explains ways to make the database more efficient and secure , and they discuss methods for concurrency and replication .
Examples and exercises ( with answer keys ) help you learn , and an appendix of frequently used SQL statements gives the tools you need to create and maintain full - featured databases .
( Of course , it would n't be a royal kingdom without some drama , so read on to find out who gets the girl — the arrogant prince or the humble servant . )
This EduManga book is a translation of a bestselling series in Japan , co-published with Ohmsha , Ltd. , of Tokyo , Japan .
Mana Takahashi is a graduate of the Tokyo University , Faculty of Economics .
She is an active technical writer and has published a number of books on topics such as Java , C , XML , Information Engineering , and System Administration .
Nearly three years ago , we mentioned Linuxtracker in a short post on BitTorrent sites that list ' legal ' software downloads .
Now , the site is celebrating its 4th anniversary , and with over 1400 torrents it is one of the best places to get your Linux fix .
In 2002 , Bram Cohen announced a free , open source project aimed at people who needed a super - cheap way to share large files online .
He called it BitTorrent and today , 7 years on , it is used for distributing everything from movies to TV shows , from software to music .
Among the early adopters of the BitTorrent protocol were several Linux projects , saving thousands of dollars in bandwidth costs .
In 2005 , Linuxtracker started to aggregate these Linux distributions , and it has been growing steadily over the years , racking up more than 130,000 unique visitors each month .
The site ’s server currently tracks more than 40,000 peers and in the past 12 months it coordinated the distribution of 180 terabytes worth of Linux software .
Torrent Freak caught up with Mark Angeli , the founder of the site , and we asked him what motivated him to create Linuxtracker .
“ I was getting into the BitTorrent ‘ movement ’ downloading the shows I missed at night while at work .
At this time I was also trying out new Linux distributions on a fairly regular basis and while I had decent download speeds , I wanted to find a better way to download and share Linux , ” Mark told us .
“ Some of the bigger distributions were beginning to use BitTorrent as a means of distribution , but the smaller ones were having a hard time .
I wanted to make it easy for them , so I put up a site and a tracker , ” he added .
The first Linux torrent Mark uploaded was for Slax 4.2.0 .
but it was only the beginning .
Soon dozen of torrents followed , and with it their community of Linux enthusiasts started to expand .
Mark told us that they have some exciting plans for the future , but these remain between him and the other admins of the site for now .
One thing he did reveal is that they are looking to add a “ lighter ” version of the site for those on smaller devices like netbooks and smartphones .
One of the great advantages of the Linuxtracker community is that the seed / leech ratios are extremely good , even though the site does n’t require users to register .
The site is currently celebrating the month of February with some giveaways from their sponsors , so for all the Linux fans who have n’t discovered the site already , it ’s well worth checking out .
So the reign of George W. Bush , the first true Southern Republican president since Reconstruction , was the culmination of a long process .
And despite the claims of some on the right that Mr. Bush betrayed conservatism , the truth is that he faithfully carried out both his party ’s divisive tactics  long before Sarah Palin , Mr. Bush declared that he visited his ranch to “ stay in touch with real Americans ”  and its governing philosophy .
That ’s why the soon - to - be - gone administration ’s failure is bigger than Mr. Bush himself : it represents the end of the line for a political strategy that dominated the scene for more than a generation .
The reality of this strategy ’s collapse has not , I believe , fully sunk in with some observers .
Thus , some commentators warning President - elect Barack Obama against bold action have held up Bill Clinton ’s political failures in his first two years as a cautionary tale .
But America in 1993 was a very different country  not just a country that had yet to see what happens when conservatives control all three branches of government , but also a country in which Democratic control of Congress depended on the votes of Southern conservatives .
Today , Republicans have taken away almost all those Southern votes  and lost the rest of the country .
It was a grand ride for a while , but in the end the Southern strategy led the G.O.P. into a cul - de-sac .
Mr. Obama therefore has room to be bold .
If Republicans try a 1993 - style strategy of attacking him for promoting big government , they ’ll learn two things : not only has the financial crisis discredited their economic theories , the racial subtext of anti-government rhetoric does n’t play the way it used to .
Will the Republicans eventually stage a comeback ?
Yes , of course .
But barring some huge missteps by Mr. Obama , that will not happen until they stop whining and look at what really went wrong .
And when they do , they will discover that they need to get in touch with the real “ real America , ” a country that is more diverse , more tolerant , and more demanding of effective government than is dreamt of in their political philosophy .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The federal stimulus package is designed to create millions of jobs , but it also provides many benefits to those who just can't find work .
The measure , which congressional leaders hope to finish next week , currently proposes :
increasing and extending unemployment insurance ;
expanding coverage to more low - income and part - time workers ;
subsidizing health insurance coverage ;
and recharging state unemployment insurance trust funds , which are running dry as layoffs climb .
A growing number of people are depending on unemployment benefits , with continuing jobless claims hitting a record 4.79 million in late - January .
The figures are sure to grow with companies shedding more than 250,000 jobs so far this year .
The federal government releases January 's national unemployment rate on Friday .
Currently at 7.2 % , it is expected to rise to 7.5 % .
Bigger checks :
The unemployed would see their checks rise by $ 25 a week , paid for with federal funds .
The current average weekly benefit is $ 297 .
The increase would have a big impact on those at the lower end of the pay scale who are likely to spend it all , said Wayne Vroman , economist with the Urban Institute .
Mike Grigsby of Portland , Ore. , would certainly welcome another $ 25 a week .
The political organizer is scraping by on a weekly pre-tax benefit of $ 304 , which barely covers his $ 545 monthly rent and other expenses .
" I could have fresh fruits and vegetables in the house , instead of canned goods , " said Grigsby , 37 , who has been unemployed since November .
" I could buy a new interview suit at Goodwill . "
The Senate version would also forgive income taxes on the first $ 2,400 of benefits .
Extended benefits :
The bill push back the deadline to apply for extended benefits .
The jobless typically get 26 weeks of unemployment insurance , paid for by the states .
Last summer , the Bush administration and Congress added an additional 13 weeks of benefits , paid for by the federal government .
In November , federal officials added another seven weeks of benefits in all states .
Those who live in states with unemployment rates higher than 6 % -- 34 states meet that criteria as of December -- could receive a total of 20 additional weeks .
The federal program is set to expire in March , but under the stimulus package , the jobless could apply for the extended federal benefits through Dec. 31 .
With the deepening recession making it harder for people to land new positions , extending benefits is crucial , said Heidi Shierholz , economist at the Economic Policy Institute .
Randall Paynter depends on his $ 320 weekly unemployment check to support his family .
Even though his wife works full - time , they are living on half of what they did before Paynter lost his job as a warehouse supervisor in May .
A Rome , Ga. , resident , Paynter is back in school studying computers in hopes of getting a job in automated manufacturing .
But he does n't graduate until 2010 so he hopes the federal government keeps extending the benefits .
" I need as much time as I can get to get retrained , " said Paynter , 54 , who has an 11 - year - old son .
Expanding coverage :
The package would enact the Unemployment Insurance Modernization Act , which provides $ 7 billion in incentives for states to expand the ranks of jobless that qualify for benefits .
States that allow workers to count more recent wages in their applications could share in $ 2.3 billion .
The remaining funds would go to states that adopt additional reforms , including providing benefits to those seeking part - time work and those who quit because of a family member 's illness or relocation of a spouse .
States would also divvy up $ 500 million to cover administrative costs .
This expansion would allow more women , part - timers and low - wage workers - who are often the most vulnerable of the unemployed - to collect benefits , Vroman said .
Subsidized access to health insurance :
The bill would allow many workers to continue coverage under their former employer 's health insurance , known as Cobra , by subsidizing 65 % of the premiums for as long a year .
The benefit would apply to those who lose their jobs between September 2008 and the end of 2009 .
The typical family premium under Cobra is $ 1,000 , according to House Speaker Nancy Pelosi , D - Calif .
The House bill would also allow workers who are 55 and older , or have been with their employer for at least a decade , to extend their Cobra until they become eligible for Medicare or secure coverage with another company .
Also , those unemployed whose family 's gross income is below 200 % of the federal poverty guidelines could temporarily receive Medicaid , under the House bill .
The benefit , paid for by the federal government , would apply to those who lose their jobs between September 2008 and the end of 2010 .
Assistance for states :
The package would temporarily waive interest payments and accrual of interest on loans taken by states to pay unemployment benefits .
Five states - Indiana , Michigan , New York , Ohio and South Carolina - are currently borrowing from the federal government .
Safety and stimulus
Advocates for the jobless are hailing the provisions in the package , saying they will help those struggling to survive while looking for work , said Christine Owens , executive director of the National Employment Law Project .
On top of that , it will help stimulate the economy , since most people receiving unemployment benefits spend the money quickly , economist said .
" It 's the right thing to do by workers most hurt by the recession and it's really smart economic policy , " Shierholz said .
QUILLAGUA , Chile —
During the past four decades here in Quillagua , a town in the record books as the driest place on earth , residents have sometimes seen glimpses of raindrops above the foothills in the distance .
They never reach the ground , evaporating like a mirage while still in the air .
What the town did have was a river , feeding an oasis in the Atacama desert .
But mining companies have polluted and bought up so much of the water , residents say , that for months each year the river is little more than a trickle — and an unusable one at that .
Quillagua is among many small towns that are being swallowed up in the country ’s intensifying water wars .
Nowhere is the system for buying and selling water more permissive than here in Chile , experts say , where water rights are private property , not a public resource , and can be traded like commodities with little government oversight or safeguards for the environment .
Private ownership is so concentrated in some areas that a single electricity company from Spain , Endesa , has bought up 80 percent of the water rights in a huge region in the south , causing an uproar .
In the north , agricultural producers are competing with mining companies to siphon off rivers and tap scarce water supplies , leaving towns like this one bone dry and withering .
Arguing for Prop. 8 , Ken Starr says any right can be taken David Edwards and Stephen C. Webster
Published : Thursday March 5 , 2009
Print This Email This Famed Clinton prosecutor believes even free speech may be revoked by simple majority vote
California 's battle over same - sex marriage went before the state 's highest court Thursday , with civil rights lawyers seeking to overturn a voter - approved ban on gay weddings .
But it was Ken Starr , best known for prosecuting President Bill Clinton , who stole the show on Thursday after leveling an argument that a simple majority vote is enough to remove any right from a minority group .
The people " have the raw power to define rights , " he told the court while arguing in favor of invalidating over 18,000 marriages .
" The right of the people is inalienable to change their constitution through the amendment process , " said Starr .
" The people are sovereign and they can do very unwise things , and things that tug at the equality principle . "
Chief Justice Ronald George posed a hypothetical : what if the majority demanded the right to free speech be revoked ?
" After much banter back and forth , Starr says they do , " reported Advocate.com .
The Los Angeles Times reported similarly on Starr 's alarming response .
" So , what Starr is saying is that if the people had stripped all civil rights from gays and lesbians , he would argue to uphold that , " opined the blog GayWired .
Outside the San Francisco courtroom , hundreds of supporters and opponents gathered for the hearing , which came 10 months after the court legalized gay marriage in a landmark ruling last May .
That ruling was cast into doubt last November when voters passed a change to California 's constitution that redefined marriage in the state as a union between a man and a woman .
Supporters of same - sex marriage are seeking to have the results of the referendum , known as Proposition 8 , quashed on the grounds that minority rights should not be vulnerable to a simple majority vote .
Rights lawyers pressed the court to strike down Proposition 8 as discriminatory .
" Prop. 8 changes the basic nature of our government from one in which the majority protects the rights of minorities , " said Shannon Minter , lead counsel for those seeking to overturn the measure .
" It takes away the right to be treated with equal dignity and respect ...
A simple majority cannot be allowed to take any rights away from a historically protected minority . "
But justices strongly indicated they were leaning toward rejecting the requests to invalidate Proposition 8 .
Justice Joyce Kennard , who voted with the majority in last year 's 4 - 3 ruling that legalized gay marriage , repeatedly made it clear she disagreed that Proposition 8 was an illegal revision of the state Constitution .
Instead , she focused on voters ' approval of the proposition , saying the court could not " willy - nilly disregard the will of the people to change the state constitution as they have in the past . "
Kennard referred to a similar situation in a case involving the death penalty , when the California Supreme Court ruled it was unconstitutional .
Voters later passed an amendment reinstating the death penalty , and the state Supreme Court refused to overturn the amendment .
Opponents of gay marriage meanwhile defended the right of voters to amend the state constitution .
Last November 's referendum result came as a stinging blow to same - sex couples who six months earlier had celebrated after the Supreme Court voted in favor of overturning a previous ban on gay weddings in the state .
That historic decision prompted around 18,000 same - sex couples to exchange vows as California became only the second US state to allow gay marriage .
However , the issue was forced back on the agenda later by social conservative and religious groups , which successfully gathered enough support for Proposition 8 to be placed on ballots at November 4 polls .
When the measure was approved by a margin of 52.5 to 47.5 percent , the status of same - sex marriages was cast into doubt .
Justices appeared to be opposed to retroactively invalidating gay marriages performed last year before Proposition 8 was approved .
Before Thursday 's hearing got underway , anti-gay marriage protesters outside brandished banners reading " Homo Sex is Sin , " " Gay = Pervert " and " The Wages of Sin is Death . "
A woman used a bullhorn to scream at same - sex marriage supporters , who responded by singing and playing guitars .
The court will render its decision within 90 days .
This video is from KGO , broadcast Mar. 5 , 2009 .
Download video via RawReplay.com
The following video of Prop. 8 protests outside the California Supreme Court was shot and posted to YouTube by the Contra - Costa Times on March .
5 .
With wire reports .
Get Raw exclusives as they break -- Email & mobile Email - Never spam :
Soaring rents and plummeting house prices have shot 10 West Australian suburbs into a nationwide list of 74 where it is now cheaper to buy than to rent .
The list of WA 's Top 10 Rental Ripoff Suburbs has been revealed in a report prepared for the Commonwealth Bank by RP Data .
The study found that nine of the State 's 10 ripoff localities were in regional areas where mining industry activity had seen rents skyrocket .
The buy - to - rent disparity was worst in the Karratha suburb of where the staggering average monthly rent of $ 8000 cost a whopping $ 3877.48 more to service than an average home loan .
This was the largest buy - to - rent gulf of any suburb in Australia , neared only by the WA localities of where it was $ 2,388.48 cheaper to buy rather than rent , and where it was $ 2,049.17 less expensive to buy .
Ganglia and Nagios , Part 2
Monitor enterprise clusters with Nagios
Install Nagios to effectively monitor a data center ; make Ganglia and Nagios work together
Content series :
This content is part # of # in the series : Ganglia and Nagios , Part 2 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
This content is part of the series : Ganglia and Nagios , Part 2 Stay tuned for additional content in this series .
Recap of Part 1
Data centers are growing and administrative staffs are shrinking , necessitating efficient monitoring tools for compute resources .
Part 1 of this series discussed the benefits of using Ganglia and Nagios together , then showed you how to install and extend Ganglia with homemade monitoring scripts .
Recall from Part 1 the multiple definitions of monitoring ( depending on the implier and the inferrer ) :
If you 're running applications on the cluster , you think : " When will my job run ?
When will it be done ?
And how is it performing compared to last time ? "
If you 're the operator in the network operations center , you think : " When will we see a red light that means something needs to be fixed and a service call placed ? "
If you 're in the systems engineering group , you think : " How are our machines performing ?
Are all the services functioning correctly ?
What trends do we see , and how can we better utilize our compute resources ? "
You can find code to monitor exactly what you want to monitor and that code can be of the open source variety .
The most difficult part of using open source monitoring tools comes when you attempt to implement an install and puzzle out a configuration that works well for your environment .
Two major problems with open source ( and commercial ) monitoring tools are the following :
No tool will monitor everything you want the way you want it .
Much customization could be required to get the tool working in your data center exactly how you want it .
Ganglia is a tool that monitors data centers and is used heavily in high - performance computing environments ( but it 's attractive for other environments too like clouds , render farms , and hosting centers ) .
It is more concerned with gathering metrics and tracking them over time compared with Nagios 's focus as an alerting mechanism .
Ganglia used to require an agent to run on every host to gather information from it , but now metrics can be obtained from just about anything through Ganglia 's spoofing mechanism .
Ganglia does n't have a built - in notification system , but it was designed to support scalable built - in agents on target hosts .
After reading Part 1 , you could install Ganglia , as well as answer the monitoring questions that different user groups tend to ask .
You could also configure the basic Ganglia setup , use the Python modules to extend functionality with IPMI ( the Intelligent Platform Management Interface ) , and use Ganglia host spoofing to monitor IPMI .
Now , let 's look at Nagios .
Introducing Nagios
This part shows you how to install Nagios and tie Ganglia back into it .
We 're going to add two features to Nagios that 'll help your monitoring efforts in standard clusters , grids , clouds ( or whatever your favorite buzzword is for scale - out computing ) .
The two features are all about :
Monitoring network switches
Monitoring the resource manager
In this case , we 'll be monitoring TORQUE .
When we are finished , you 'll have a framework to control the monitoring system of your entire data center .
Nagios , like Ganglia , is used heavily in HPC and other environments , but Nagios is more of an alerting mechanism that Ganglia ( which is more focused on gathering and tracking metrics ) .
Nagios previously only polled information from its target hosts , but has recently developed plug-ins that allow it to run agents on those hosts .
Nagios has a built - in notification system .
Now let 's install Nagios and set up a baseline monitoring system of an HPC Linux® cluster to address the three different monitoring perspectives :
The application person can see how full the queues are and see available nodes for running jobs .
The NOC can be alerted of system failures or see a shiny red error light on the Nagios Web interface .
They also get notified via email if nodes go down or temperatures get too high .
The system engineer can graph data , report on cluster utilization , and make decisions on future hardware acquisitions .
Installing Nagios
The effort to get Nagios rolling on your machine is well documented on the Internet .
Since I tend to install it a lot in different environments , I wrote a script to do it .
First you need to download two packages :
Nagios ( tested with version 3.0.6 )
Nagios - plugins ( tested with version 1.4.13 )
The add - ons include :
The Nagios Event Log , which allows for monitoring Windows event logs
The NRPE , which provides a lot of Ganglia functionality
Get the tarballs and place them in a directory .
For example , I have the following three files in /tmp :
nagios -3.0.6.tar.gz
nagios - plugins -1.4.13.tar.gz
naginstall.sh
Listing 1 shows the naginstall.sh install script :
Listing 1 .
The naginstall.sh script
#!/bin/ksh NAGIOSSRC=nagios-3.0.6 NAGIOSPLUGINSRC=nagios-plugins-1.4.13 NAGIOSCONTACTSCFG=/usr/local/nagios/etc/objects/contacts.cfg
NAGIOSPASSWD=/usr/local/nagios/etc/htpasswd.users
PASSWD=cluster OS =foo function buildNagiosPlug { if [ -e $ NAGIOSPLUGINSRC.tar.gz ] then echo " found $ NAGIOSPLUGINSRC.tar.gz building and installing Nagios " else echo " could not find $ NAGIOSPLUGINSRC.tar.gz in current directory . " echo " Please run $ 0 in the same directory as the source files . " exit 1 fi echo " Extracting Nagios Plugins ... " tar zxf $ NAGIOSPLUGINSRC.tar.gz cd $ NAGIOSPLUGINSRC echo " Configuring Nagios Plugins ... " if ./configure --with-nagios-user=nagios --with-nagios-group=nagios - prefix=/usr/local/nagios > config.LOG .$ $ 2 >&1 then echo " Making Nagios Plugins ... " if make - j8 > make .
LOG . $ $ 2 >&1 then make install > make .
LOG . $ $ 2 >&1 else echo " Make failed of Nagios plugins .
See $ NAGIOSPLUGINSRC / make .LOG . $ $ " exit 1 fi else echo " configure of Nagios plugins failed .
See config .LOG .$ $ " exit 1 fi echo " Successfully built and installed Nagios Plugins ! " cd .. } function buildNagios { if [ -e $ NAGIOSSRC.tar.gz ] then echo " found $ NAGIOSSRC.tar.gz building and installing Nagios " else echo " could not find $ NAGIOSSRC.tar.gz in current directory . " echo " Please run $ 0 in the same directory as the source files . " exit 1 fi echo " Extracting Nagios ... " tar zxf $ NAGIOSSRC.tar.gz cd $ NAGIOSSRC echo " Configuring Nagios ... " if ./ configure --with-command-group=nagcmd > config.LOG .$ $ 2 >&1 then echo " Making Nagios ... " if make all - j8 > make .
LOG . $ $ 2 >&1 then make install > make .
LOG . $ $ 2 >&1 make install - init > make .
LOG . $ $ 2 >&1 make install - config > make .
LOG . $ $ 2 >&1 make install - commandmode > make .
LOG . $ $ 2 >&1 make install - webconf > make .
LOG . $ $ 2 >&1 else echo " make all failed .
See log : " echo " $ NAGIOSSRC / make .LOG . $ $ " exit 1 fi else echo " configure of Nagios failed .
Please read $ NAGIOSSRC / config.LOG .$ $ for details . " exit 1 fi echo " Done Making Nagios ! " cd .. } function configNagios { echo " We 'll now configure Nagios . " LOOP=1 while [ [ $ LOOP - eq 1 ] ] do echo " You 'll need to put in a user name .
This should be the person " echo " who will be receiving alerts .
This person should have an account " echo " on this server . " print " Type in the userid of the person who will receive alerts ( e.g. bob ) > \ c " read NAME print " What is $ {NAME} 's email ? > \ c " read EMAIL echo echo echo " Nagios alerts will be sent to $ NAME at $ EMAIL " print " Is this correct ? [ y / N ] \c " read YN if [ [ " $ YN " = " y " ] ] then LOOP=0 fi done if [ -r $ NAGIOSCONTACTSCFG ] then perl - pi -e " s/nagiosadmin / $ NAME/g " $ NAGIOSCONTACTSCFG EMAIL=$ ( echo $ EMAIL | sed s/\@/\\\\@/g ) perl - pi -e " s/nagios\@localhost /$EMAIL/g " $ NAGIOSCONTACTSCFG else echo " $ NAGIOSCONTACTSCFG does not exist " exit 1 fi echo " setting $ {NAME} 's password to be ' cluster ' in Nagios " echo " you can change this later by running : " echo " htpasswd -c $ NAGIOSPASSWD $ Name ) ' " htpasswd - bc $ NAGIOSPASSWD $ NAME cluster if [ " $ OS " = " rh " ] then service httpd restart fi } function preNagios { if [ " $ OS " = " rh " ] then echo " making sure prereqs are installed " yum -y install httpd gcc glibc glibc - common gd gd - devel perl - TimeDate /usr / sbin/ useradd -m nagios echo $ PASSWD | passwd -- stdin nagios /usr / sbin / groupadd nagcmd /usr / sbin/ usermod - a - G nagcmd nagios /usr / sbin / usermod - a - G nagcmd apache fi } function postNagios { if [ " $ OS " = " rh " ] then chkconfig -- add nagios chkconfig nagios on # touch this file so that if it does n't exist we wo n't get errors touch / var/www/html/index.html service nagios start fi echo " You may now be able to access Nagios at the URL below : " echo " http://localhost/nagios " } if [ -e /etc /redhat - release ] then echo " installing monitoring on Red Hat system " OS=rh fi # make sure you 're root : ID = $ ( id - u ) if [ " $ ID " != " 0 " ] then echo " Must run this as root ! " exit fi preNagios buildNagios buildNagiosPlug configNagios postNagios
Run the script ./naginstall.sh
This code works on Red Hat systems and should run if you 've installed all the dependencies mentioned in Part 1 of this series .
While running naginstall.sh , you are prompted for the user that Nagios should send alerts to .
You 'll be able to add others later .
Most organizations have a mail alias that will send to people in a group .
If you have problems installing , take a look at the Nagios Web page ( see Related topics for a link ) and join the mailing list .
In my experience , most packages that are as successful as Nagios and Ganglia are relatively easy to install .
Configuring Nagios
So let 's pretend the script just worked for you and you installed everything perfectly .
Then when the script exited successfully , you should be able to open your Web browser and see that your own local host is being monitored ( like in Figure 1 ) :
Figure 1 .
Screen showing your local host being monitored
By clicking Service Detail , you can see that we are monitoring several services ( like Ping , HTTP , load , users , etc. ) on the local machine .
This was configured by default .
Let 's examine the service called Root Partition .
This service alerts you when the root partition gets full .
You can get a full understanding of how this check is working by examining the configuration files that were generated upon installation .
The master configuration file
If you used the naginstall.sh script , then the master configuration file is /usr/ local / nagios/etc/nagios.cfg .
This script shows several cfg_files that have additional definitions .
Among them is the line :
cfg_file=/usr/local/nagios/etc/objects/localhost.cfg
If you examine this file , you will see all of the services for the localhost that are present on the Web view .
This is where the default services are being configured .
The Root Partition definition appears on line 77 .
The hierarchy of how the root partition check is configured is shown in Figure 2 .
Figure 2 .
How the root partition check is configured
First notice the inheritance scheme of Nagios objects .
The definition of the Root Partition uses local - service definitions that in turn use the generic - service definitions .
This defines how the service is called , how often , and other tunable parameters , etc .
The next important part of the definition is the check commands it uses .
First it uses a command definition called check_local_disk .
The parameters it passes are !20%!10 % !/ .
This means that when the check_local_disk command definition reports 20 % , it will issue a warning .
When it hits 10 % , you 'll get a critical error .
The / means that it is checking the " / " partition .
The check_local_disk in turn simply calls the check_disk command , which is located in the /usr / local / nagios / libexec directory .
This is basic idea of how configurations are set up .
You can use this to create your own services to monitor and tweak any of the parameters you want .
For a more in - depth appreciation of what is going on , read the documentation and try setting some of the parameters yourself .
Sign up for alerts
Now that we 're all configured , sign up for alerts .
We did this already in the beginning , but if you want to change or add users you can modify the /usr / local / nagios/etc/objects/contacts.cfg file .
Just change the contact name to your name and the email to your email address .
Most basic
Linux servers should already be set up to handle mail .
Now let 's configure other nodes .
Configure for other nodes in the grid / cloud / cluster
I have a group of nodes in my Dallas data center .
I 'll create a directory where I 'll put all of my configuration files :
mkdir -p /usr/local/nagios/etc/dallas
I need to tell Nagios that my configuration files are going to go in there .
I do this by modifying the nagios.cfg file , adding this line :
cfg_dir=/usr/local/nagios/etc/dallas
I 'm going to be creating a couple of files here that can be pretty confusing .
Figure 3 illustrates the entities and the files they belong to and shows the relationships between objects .
Figure 3 . Diagram of entities and their files
Keep this diagram in mind as you move through the rest of this setup and installation .
In the /usr / local / nagios/etc/dallas/nodes.cfg file , I define all the nodes and node groups .
I have three types of machines to monitor :
Network servers ( which in my case are Linux servers and have Ganglia running on them )
Network switches ( my switches , including high - speed and Gigabit Ethernet )
Management devices ( like blade management modules , old IBM RSA cards , BMCs , possibly smart PDUs , etc. )
I create three corresponding groups as follows :
define hostgroup { hostgroup_name dallas - cloud - servers alias Dallas Cloud Servers } define hostgroup hostgroup_name dallas - cloud - network alias Dallas Cloud Network Infrastructure } define hostgroup hostgroup_name dallas - cloud - management alias Dallas Cloud Management Devides }
Next I create three template files with common characteristics for the nodes of these node groups to share :
define host { name dallas - management use linux - server hostgroups dallas - cloud - management # TEMPLATE !
register 0 } define host { name dallas - server use linux - server hostgroups dallas - cloud - servers # TEMPLATE !
register 0 } define host { name dallas - network use generic - switch hostgroups dallas - cloud - network # TEMPLATE !
register 0 }
Now my individual node definitions are either dallas - management , dallas - server , or dallas - network .
Here is an example of each :
define host { use dallas - server host_name x336001 address 172.10 .11.1 } define host { use dallas - network host_name smc001 address 172.10.0.254 } define host { use dallas - management host_name x346002-rsa address 172.10.11.12 }
I generated a script to go through my list of nodes and completely populate that file with the nodes in my Dallas lab .
When I restart Nagios , they 'll all be checked to see if they 're reachable .
But I still have to add some other services !
You may want to restart Nagios first to make sure your settings took .
If they did , then you should see some groups under the HostGroup Overview view .
If you have errors , then run :
/usr/local/nagios/bin/nagios
-v /usr/local/nagios/etc/nagios.cfg
That will validate your file and help you find any errors .
You can now add some basic services .
Following the templates from localhost , an easy one to do is to check for SSH on the dallas - cloud - servers group .
Let 's start another file for that : /usr/local/nagios/etc/dallas/host-services.cfg .
The easiest thing is to copy configs out of the localhost that you want monitored .
I did that and added a dependency :
define service{ use generic - service hostgroup_name dallas - cloud - servers service_description SSH check_command check_ssh } define service{ use generic - service hostgroup_name dallas - cloud - servers service_description PING check_command check_ping !
100.0,20 %!500.0,60 % } define servicedependency { hostgroup_name dallas - cloud - servers service_description PING dependent_hostgroup_name dallas-cloud-servers dependent_service_description SSH }
I did n't want SSH tested if PING did n't work .
From this point you could add all sorts of things , but this gets us something to look at first .
Restart Nagios and test the menus to make sure you see the ping and ssh checks for your nodes :
service nagios reload
All good ?
Okay , now let 's get to the interesting part and integrate Ganglia .
Integrate Nagios to report on Ganglia metrics
Nagios Exchange is another great place to get plug-ins for Nagios .
But for our Ganglia plug - in to Nagios , look no further than the tarball you downloaded in Part 1 of this article .
Assuming you uncompressed your tarball in the /tmp directory , it is only a matter of copying the check_ganglia .py script that is in the contrib directory :
cp /tmp/ganglia-3.1.1/contrib/check_ganglia.py \ /usr/local/nagios/libexec/
check_ganglia is a cool Python script that you run on the same server where gmetad is running ( and in my case , this is the management server where Nagios is running as well ) .
Let 's have it query the localhost on port 8649 .
In this way , you do n't expend network traffic by running remote commands :
You get the benefits of Ganglia 's scaling techniques to do this !
If you run telnet localhost 8649 , , you 'll see a ton of output on the node from data that has been collected on the nodes ( provided you have Ganglia up and running as we did in Part 1 ) .
Let 's monitor a few things that Ganglia has for us .
Digging in the / var / lib / ganglia / rrds directory , you can see the metrics being measured on each host .
Nice graphs are being generated , and you can analyze the metrics over time .
We 're going to measure the load_one , disk_free and since we enabled IPMI temperature measurements in Part 1 , let 's add that measure in as well .
Create the /usr / local / nagios/etc/dallas/ganglia-services.cfg file and add the services to it :
define servicegroup { servicegroup_name ganglia - metrics alias Ganglia Metrics } define command { command_name check_ganglia command_line $ USER1$/check_ganglia.py -h $ HOSTNAME $ -m $ ARG1 $ -w $ ARG2 $ -c $ ARG3 $ } define service { use generic - service name ganglia - service hostgroup_name dallas - cloud - servers service_groups ganglia - metrics notifications_enabled 0 } define service { use ganglia - service service_description load_one check_command check_ganglia!load_one!4!5
} define service { use ganglia - service service_description ambient_temp check_command check_ganglia!AmbientTemp!20!30
} define service { use ganglia - service service_description disk_free check_command check_ganglia!disk_free!10!5 }
When you restart Nagios , you now can do alerts on Ganglia metrics !
One caveat :
The check_ganglia .py command only alerts when thresholds get too high .
If you want it to alert when thresholds go too low ( as in the case of disk_free ) , then you 'll need to hack the code .
I changed the end of the file to look like so :
if critical > warning : if value >= critical : print " CHECKGANGLIA CRITICAL : %s is %.2f " % ( metric , value ) sys.exit ( 2 ) elif value >= warning : print " CHECKGANGLIA WARNING : %s is %.2f " % ( metric , value ) sys.exit ( 1 ) else : print " CHECKGANGLIA OK : %s is %.2f " % ( metric , value ) sys.exit(0 ) else : if critical >= value : print " CHECKGANGLIA CRITICAL : %s is %.2f " % ( metric , value ) sys.exit ( 2 ) elif warning >= value : print " CHECKGANGLIA WARNING : %s is %.2f " % ( metric , value ) sys.exit ( 1 ) else : print " CHECKGANGLIA OK : %s is %.2f " % ( metric , value ) sys.exit(0 )
Now reload Nagios :
service nagios restart
If all goes well , you should see Ganglia data being monitored by Nagios !
Figure 4 . Ganglia data monitored by Nagios
With Ganglia and Nagios working together , you can go crazy and monitor just about anything now .
You rule the cloud !
Extending Nagios : Monitor network switches
As clouds and virtualization become a part of life , the old boundaries of the " network guys " and the " systems guys " becomes more blurred .
A sysadmin who continues to ignore configuring network switches and understanding network topologies runs the risk of becoming obsolete .
So you never have to face incompleteness , I 'll show you how to extend Nagios to monitor a network switch .
The advantage of using Nagios to monitor a network switch ( instead of just relying on the switch vendor 's solution ) is simple - you can monitor any vendor 's switch with Nagios .
You 've seen ping work , now let 's explore SNMP on the switches .
Some switches come with SNMP enabled by default .
You can set it up following vendor instructions .
To set up SNMP on a Cisco Switch you can follow the example I give below for my switch whose hostname is c2960g :
telnet c2960g c2960g>enable c2960g#configure terminal c2960g( config ) #snmp-server host 192.168.15.1 traps SNMPv1 c2960g( config ) #snmp - server community public c2960g ( config ) #exit c2960g #copy running - config startup - config
Now to see what you can monitor , run snmpwalk and pipe it to a file like this :
snmpwalk -v 1 -c public c2960g
If all goes well you should see a ton of stuff passed back .
You can then capture this output and look at different places to monitor .
I have another switch that I will use as an example here .
When I run the snmpwalk command I see the ports and how they are labeled .
I 'm interested in getting the following information :
The MTU ( IF - MIB ::ifMtu.<portnumber > ) .
) .
The speed the ports are running at ( IF - MIB ::ifSpeed .< port number > ) .
) .
Whether or not the ports are up ( IF - MIB ::ifOperStatus .< port number > ) .
To monitor this I 'll create a new file , /usr/ local / nagios/etc/dallas/switch-services.cfg .
I have a map of my network hosts to switches so I know where everything is .
You should too if you do n't already .
If you really want to be a cloud , all resources should have known states .
I 'll use node x336001 as an example here .
I know it 's on port 5 .
Here is what my file looks like :
define servicegroup { servicegroup_name switch - snmp alias Switch SNMP Services } define service { use generic - service name switch - service host_name smc001 service_groups switch - snmp } define service { use switch - service service_description Port5 - MTU - x336001 check_command check_snmp !-o IF - MIB ::ifMtu.5 } define service { use switch - service service_description Port5 - Speed - x336001 check_command check_snmp !-o IF -MIB ::ifSpeed .5 } define service { use switch - service service_description Port5 - Status - x336001 check_command check_snmp !-o IF -MIB::ifOperStatus.5 }
When finished , you restart Nagios and you can see that I can now view my switch entries :
Figure 5 . Monitoring switches
This is just one example of how to monitor switches .
Notice that I did not set up alerting nor indicate what would constitute a critical action .
You may also note that there are other options in the libexec directory that can do similar things .
The check_ifoperstatus and others may do the trick as well .
With Nagios there are many ways to accomplish a single task .
Extending Nagios : Job reporting to monitor TORQUE
There are lots of scripts you can write against TORQUE to determine how this queueing system is running .
In this extension , assume you already have TORQUE up and running .
TORQUE is a resource manager that works with schedulers like Moab and Maui .
Let 's look at an open source Nagios plug - in that was written by Colin Morey .
Download this and put it into the /usr / local / nagios / libexec directory and make sure its executable .
I had to modify the code a little bit by changing the directories where Nagios was installed by changing use lib " /usr/nagios/libexec " ; to use lib " /usr/local/nagios/libexec " ; .
I also had to change my $ qstat = ' / usr / bin / qstat ' ; to wherever the qstat command is .
Mine looks like this : my $ qstat = '/ opt/torque/x86_64/bin/qstat ' ; .
Verify that it works , ( My queue is called dque that I use ) :
[ root@redhouse libexec ] # ./check_pbs.pl - Q dque -tw 20 - tm 50 check_pbs.pl
Critical : dque on localhost checked , Total number of jobs higher than 50 .
Total jobs : 518 , Jobs Queued : 518 , Jobs Waiting : 0 , Jobs Halted:0 |exectime=9340us
You can use the -h option to show more things to monitor .
Now let 's put it into our configuration file /usr / local / nagios/etc/dallas/torque.cfg :
define service { use generic - service host_name localhost service_description TORQUE Queues check_command check_pbs !20!50 } define command { command_name check_pbs command_line $ USER1$/check_pbs.pl - Q dque - tw $ ARG1 $ - tm $ ARG2 $ }
After restarting Nagios , the service shows up under localhost :
Figure 6 . TORQUE service appears after Nagios restart
In mine , I get a critical alert because I have 518 jobs queued !
There are obviously more ways to track TORQUE and scripts that one could write and that have been written .
You could go as far as writing scripts that use pbsnodes to tell the node status .
People would be more concerned with where their nodes are running and how long the job has been running for .
This little example just gives you an idea of what is possible and shows how good you can make your monitoring solution with a little time .
Conclusion
After reading this two - part series , a systems administrator should feel empowered to run Ganglia and Nagios to really monitor his data center as never before .
The scope of these two packages is enormous .
What we have touched on here though is relevant to a cluster , grid , or cloud infrastructure .
Most of the time setting up this monitoring solution was spent configuring the services you will want to monitor .
Many existing alternative solutions are all plumbing and no appliances - in other words , they provide frameworks to allow for plug- ins but seldom come with premade plug-ins .
Most of the plug - in work has to be done by an administrator or user and this work is often trivialized when in fact it makes up the bulk of excellent data center monitoring .
Ganglia and Nagios together are more than just the plumbing .
Downloadable resources
Related topics
WASHINGTON ( CNN ) --
A top congressional Republican on Sunday criticized President Barack Obama 's expected decision to reverse the Bush administration 's limits on embryonic stem - cell research , calling it a distraction from the country 's economic slump .
U.S. Rep. Eric
Cantor also says the policy reversal could lead to embryo harvesting , which " should n't be done . "
" Why are we going and distracting ourselves from the economy ?
This is job No. 1 . Let 's focus on what needs to be done , " Rep. Eric Cantor , the Republican whip in the House of Representatives , told CNN's " State of the Union . "
Obama 's move , scheduled for Monday morning , is part of a broader effort to separate science and politics and " restore scientific integrity in governmental decision - making , " White House domestic policy adviser Melody Barnes said Sunday .
The Bush administration 's 2001 policy bars federal funding for research on embryonic stem cells beyond the cell lines that existed at the time .
Cantor , R - Virginia , has been among the leaders of GOP opposition to Obama 's economic policies .
In a conference call with reporters , Barnes said funding research is also part of the administration 's plan to boost the plunging U.S. economy .
" Advances with regard to science and technology help advance our overall national goals around economic growth and job creation , " she said , adding , " I think anytime you make an effort to try and separate these pieces of the puzzle , you 're missing the entire picture . "
Because stem cells have the potential to turn into any organ or tissue cell in the body , research advocates say they could yield cures to debilitating conditions such as diabetes , Parkinson 's disease and spinal injuries .
But because work on embryonic stem cells involves the destruction of human embryos , many conservatives supported the limits former President George Bush imposed by executive order in 2001 .
" Frankly , federal funding of embryonic stem - cell research can bring on embryo harvesting , perhaps even human cloning that occurs , " Cantor said .
" We do n't want that .
That should n't be done .
That 's wrong . "
The Bush policy limited federal funding to work on 60 existing stem - cell lines , but only 21 of those have proven useful to researchers .
Congress voted to roll back those limits in 2006 and 2007 , but Bush vetoed the legislation both times , leading to Democratic charges that he had put politics over science .
Dr. Harold Varmus , president of Memorial Sloan - Kettering Cancer Center and co-chairman of Obama 's science advisory council , said Sunday that Obama will " endorse the notion that public policy must be guided by sound , scientific advice . "
Obama 's order will direct the National Institutes of Health to develop revised guidelines on federal funding for embryonic stem cell research within 120 days , said Varmus , who joined Barnes in the conference call with reporters .
" The president is , in effect , allowing federal funding of human embryonic stem cell research to the extent that it 's permitted by law -- that is , work with stem cells themselves , not the derivation of stem cells , " he said .
Supporters of the ban said researchers could still obtain private funding or explore alternatives such as adult stem cells .
Opponents said the research could be carried out using embryos left over in fertility clinics , which otherwise would be discarded .
Sen . Claire McCaskill , D - Missouri , told reporters that reversing the Bush ban would " once again say to the rest of the world that we will be the beacon for cures and for hope . "
She credited her support for federal funding in part for her 2006 election .
" I think it 's a great moment , and I 'm proud of [ Obama ] for reversing that executive order , " McCaskill said .
Sen . Richard Shelby , R - Alabama , said the Bush policy imposed ethical limits on science .
" My basic tenet here is I do n't think we should create life to enhance life and to do research and so forth , " Shelby said .
" I know that people argue there are other ways .
I think we should continue our biomedical research everywhere we can , but we should have some ethics about it . "
CNN 's Elaine Quijano contributed to this report .
All About Barack Obama • Stem Cell Research • George W. Bush
WASHINGTON  The Obama administration is signaling to Congress that the president could support taxing some employee health benefits , as several influential lawmakers and many economists favor , to help pay for overhauling the health care system .
The proposal is politically problematic for President Obama , however , since it is similar to one he denounced in the presidential campaign as “ the largest middle - class tax increase in history . ”
Most Americans with insurance get it from their employers , and taxing workers for the benefit is opposed by union leaders and some businesses .
In television advertisements last fall , Mr. Obama criticized his Republican rival for the presidency , Senator John McCain of Arizona , for proposing to tax all employer - provided health benefits .
The benefits have long been tax - free , regardless of how generous they are or how much an employee earns .
The advertisements did not point out that Mr. McCain , in exchange , wanted to give all families a tax credit to subsidize the purchase of coverage .
At the time , even some Obama supporters said privately that he might come to regret his position if he won the election ; in effect , they said , he was potentially giving up an important option to help finance his ambitious health care agenda to reduce medical costs and to expand coverage to the 46 million uninsured Americans .
Now that Mr. Obama has begun the health debate , several advisers say that while he will not propose changing the tax - free status of employee health benefits , neither will he oppose it if Congress does so .
Description
Michael Laitman connects major problems in humanity 's scientific and social progress in the last 100 years to a single cause - the human ego .
Laitman explains why attempts to create equality and brotherhood among people have failed , the relationship between today 's world and Babylon five thousand years ago , why humanity needs to go through a crisis of unprecedented proportions , and why humanity has found it so difficult to understand and to love .
Laitman concludes by offering the solution for positive future progress by addressing what humanity needs to understand and do .
Transcript
The Way to Yourself
ARI Films ( in affiliation with Kabbalah TV )
The Twentieth Century - how turbulent , how revolutionary it was - filled with wars , dictators of a kind that had never been seen before .
It was the century of suffering , catastrophes , natural disasters and terror .
But it was also the century of happiness .
Yes , it certainly was .
And it went by so fast , compressing time , that we did n't have a chance to stop and reflect , and we should .
We should look back and examine its results , to understand what is in store for us at the end of this swift , yet arduous journey .
The Way to Yourself
Professor Michael Laitman predicted the current state of the world almost fifteen years ago , but we did n't want to listen - it sounded too far - fetched .
Now the day that he foresaw has arrived ; the global economic system is in ruin and the world is on the brink of an unprecedented crisis that could even lead to a world war .
In this film , Professor Laitman will comment on everything that has happened .
Then he will draw his conclusions and propose a solution - the only solution he considers possible .
Dr. Laitman is the author of thirty books ; he is a professor of anthology and the theory of knowledge , and has a PhD in philosophy and Kabbalah .
He is the founder and head of the International Kabbalah Academy , a member of the World Wisdom Council , and is the last in the line of Kabbalist spanning more than five thousand years .
Chapter One :
The big questions and the reasons
that made us ask them
Question :
What do you think about the past century , Professor Laitman ?
Prof. Michael Laitman :
It was an amazing century that by its end finally made humanity asks the essential questions about the meaning of life .
In the Twentieth Century people began to feel increasingly uncomfortable .
They were beginning to ask questions that had never even pondered , such as : " What am I doing in this world ?
Why was I born ?
What will happen tomorrow ?
What will happen in an instant ?
Where is my life headed ?
Is it destiny ?
God ? "
When do we ask ourselves such questions ?
Only when we suffer .
People have experienced a lot of suffering in the Twentieth Century .
It was a period that battered humanity and drove it to an impasse .
Question :
Why all the suffering ?
Why was it so brutal in the Twentieth Century ?
And why are n't you answering ?
Prof. Michael Laitman : Because we have very little time left and we 're being warned about it .
Question :
What do you mean ?
Prof. Michael Laitman : A great disaster is approaching .
It 's been predicted .
Only a handful of people may survive .
And they will eventually achieve all that humanity is still refusing to achieve .
It could happen in an instant .
We have already seen how such things can happen .
Question :
So , is there nothing that can be done ?
Prof. Michael Laitman : Yes , there is .
We still have a chance to stop it .
Question : How ?
Prof. Michael Laitman :
By our finally realizing what we are living for and acting on that realization .
Chapter Two :
The beginning of the 20th century ,
or the great idea that was revealed to the world
Prof. Michael Laitman : With the beginning of the Twentieth Century came the first appearance of the cinema .
It seemed like an innocent invention , an oddity .
But actually a great idea was revealed to the world , which let to unfathomable consequences .
Think of it .
A person sits in front of a movie screen and is suddenly able to connect to the entire world .
We do n't need to live many lifetimes ; instead we can live them here and now .
Imagine a simple person in a small town .
His life is nothing more than boring work , family duties and constant worries .
Suddenly , he is standing in an audience alongside the royal family ; he is driving the first automobile ; he is there in meetings and demonstrations ; making his mark in wars and conflicts .
In a way he is being reborn again and again .
Cinema allows us to identify completely with the characters on the screen .
With the arrival of cinema , and then latter on television and after that the Internet , the whole world and all of its agonies and pleasures seem to be within us .
With all of its revolutions and wars we 've become infused with the desire , the suffering , and the joy of the entire world .
All this happened within a span of a single human lifetime .
And all these inventions are intended to help us feel one another , no matter how distant and alien to feel , to understand , and to love .
Chapter Three :
Why is it so difficult - to understand and to love ?...
Question :
It 's known that nature is driven by instincts .
But what about the human being ?
Prof. Michael Laitman : Human beings are slaves to an insatiable little beast - their egos .
The frightening part is that this beast is impossible to satisfy .
The Twentieth Century is a stark example of that .
Question : Professor Laitman , how can we define this time of rapidly growing ego ?
Prof. Michael Laitman :
It can be seen as the era of the rebuilding the Tower of Babel .
Five thousand years ago in Babel , people wanted to build a tower that would reach the heavens .
Meaning , that they wanted supremacy , control over nature , and to build a paradise on earth .
Question :
Where did they go wrong ?
Prof. Michael Laitman :
They relied solely on their own minds and the strength of their own hands .
Egoist set out to build the tower to reach the heavens .
Narrator :
But they were joined together in their enthusiasm !
Prof. Michael Laitman :
For awhile , until this giant ego actually showed its face .
And that set off an explosion of selfishness that ended in mayhem , hatred , suffering , and wars that filled the earth .
People stopped understanding each other , and they ended in total isolation .
The world had embarked on the precipitous path that culminated in the heights of egoism in the Twentieth Century .
The Twentieth Century saw a new attempt to build the Tower of Babel .
And the world set out to make the same mistake , yet another time .
Narrator :
But we believed that egoism could be satisfied and we could eventually be happy .
Prof. Michael Laitman :
We were totally certain of it .
We hoped for a bright future .
And in this expectation we began exploring space .
I remember the joy that we felt , when the first man was sent into space ; when Neil Armstrong stepped on the Moon .
People seriously discussed whether there was life on Mars , and we wanted to explore the Universe .
All possibilities seemed so real !
We were sure that we could conquer disease ; that machines would replace human labor .
We thought that people would have more time to read , to think , and create ; that the work week would be shorter ; that we would devote more time to the family .
We expected scientific and technical progress to make our lives better and easier .
And what have we accomplished ?
People are now working more rather that less ; workers have become slaves to corporations , to their own business , slaves of money , power , fame , and of recognition for scientific accomplishments .
Illnesses are on the increase .
The ecology of the planet has changed so radically that it is on the brink of collapse .
People no longer have time for their families and families are falling apart .
If you ask me whether in the past people were happier than we are today , I would tell you that they certainly were .
Chapter Four :
Why can't we be happy ...
Prof. Michael Laitman :
There is a law that surrounds us ; the law of balance and harmony ; the law of united interconnected nature .
How can we continue to exist , when we 're opposite to that law ?
It 's impossible !
The sooner we realize it , the less we 'll suffer .
If we do n't , we 'll get negative feedback , correcting us more forcefully and harshly all the time , until we agree to be happy and to live by the higher law of equality , brotherhood , unity and love .
Question : Have n't we already seen such attempts in the Twentieth Century to establish equality and brotherhood , which turned out to be merely utopian ?
Were n't these attempts based on the same idea - freedom , equality , and brotherhood ?
Prof. Michael Laitman : Yes , they were .
No revolution can be successful without that sublime objective .
Question :
So , who were they , these first communists ?
Prof. Michael Laitman :
They were idealists , romantics , and they made a lot of mistakes .
Russia had just stepped out of feudalism , and nobody really took the growing egoism there into account .
People wanted to divide resources equally .
Simple as that : to take from the rich and to give to the poor .
They wanted fairness .
But fairness is a concept that 's totally alien to egoism .
So , they tried to change people by force .
Communist regimes emerged in Russia , China , Korea , and South America .
Kibbutzim were formed in Israel .
It was a first attempt to create a just society ...
Narrator : ...
And it failed ...
Prof. Michael Laitman : Nothing can be built on egoism .
It 's the same as building on a swamp .
It will suck you in and destroy you .
And so , this illusion of building a just society was naturally destroyed by the very same people , who built it .
Question : Why ?
Prof. Michael Laitman : Because the purpose was wrong .
Question : Making the rich disappear ?
Prof. Michael Laitman : Making the rich disappear in not the goal .
Peace to the shacks and war to the palaces is not the goal .
Question : Even equality for all ?
Prof. Michael Laitman : Even equality for all is n't the goal .
Question :
So what is the goal ?
Prof. Michael Laitman :
The true goal is to correct the egoism and to live according to the law of love and bestowal .
That is the real purpose .
To keep the law of nature that surrounds us - this is the true goal .
But humanity chose a different path and has come to a complete impasse .
Chapter Five :
The impasse
Prof. Michael Laitman :
An impasse is a wonderful thing .
Question : Why ?
Prof. Michael Laitman : Finally you can stop and think .
And a lot of questions come to mind :
How did we arrive at this dead end ?
Is there a way out ?
And the most urgent question of all : Can we even survive this ?
We need to come to an impasse , because it makes us realize that it's the ego that brought us into it .
There were people , who were trying to tell us just that .
They were screaming ; they were begging humanity to take a better look at itself , to stop before it 's too late .
But their words fell on deaf ears .
What is happening now , there is a striking resemblance to the past - an impasse , a crisis of unprecedented proportions .
What may follow is the threat of mass destruction of humanity .
We did n't listen to their call in the past , but it 's crucial that we hear it now .
We are on the brink of an abyss , everyone is saying that .
But we still have a chance to prevail over the ego .
Chapter Six :
What is that last chance to conquer the ego ?
Prof. Michael Laitman : Egoism can't be subdued , because it 's our nature .
You can't argue with your ego .
It ca n't be convinced by arguments or sermons .
You can't bribe your ego , because it cannot ever be satisfied .
Question :
Does that mean there is no way out ?
What can be done with it ?
Prof. Michael Laitman :
You can only correct the ego , transform it .
You can do it !
Nature itself shows us how .
Look at this peaceful and happy picture - a mother and a child .
The more pleasure this mother gives to her child , the more pleased she feels .
If only the whole world was like this : experiencing happiness through the happiness of another .
May love bind us and bond us .
Question :
But is it possible ?
Prof. Michael Laitman :
We wo n't survive if we do n't .
Throughout the Twentieth Century we were told we were in separately connected to one another .
Think about it !
If there is suffering whether it's a person or country , you can't stay indifferent much less take pleasure in it .
This is because we are one body , one organism living according to a single law - the law of whole living bodies , the law of universal love .
If we breech this law , we will be punished and right now everything we 're doing goes against this law .
We 're choosing to live according to the law of destruction , the law of egoism .
But there is no such law in nature .
Do n't you see there is only one law - the law of love , the law of one organism ?
And this will repeat as many times as necessary .
More than seven billion cells inside of us live with the sake of each other in mind .
Individually each cell is egoistic , but to survive each and every cell knows that it has to unite .
The organs of the body do n't serve their own needs , they serve the whole body .
That 's how every organism works , because that 's the principal of life .
And it 's obeyed by every organism in nature - the law of absolute bestowal and love and inseparable connection - because this law rules everything , the entire Universe : inanimate and living - everything !
Each of us is one out of seven billion particles in a giant and united organism called our world .
If we do n't want to be forced to realize it , then let 's do it today !
Question :
What should we do ?
Prof. Michael Laitman :
We need to charge all media - advertising and education , and education is the most important - with the task of planting a small thought in people 's minds that they are a part of a common organism and that a higher law of love surrounds us , because thought is the most potent weapon !
If human thought would only focus on how to learn love ; if we would keep returning to that thought trying to live in it , never leaving it , everything would change in an instant .
With passionate desire to love , as our constant thought , we would draw that law upon us and make it affect us .
And that higher law of love would help us .
It would surround us and hold us , like a mother wrapping her child in her arms .
It would start to change us , making us similar to it .
Why ?
Because we wanted to unify with it .
And that 's the secret .
We accepted it .
And for the first time we wished to unify with it , to heed its call .
This will be unprecedented in human history , and will bring us its sudden positive impact .
We will see that the world around us is friendly ; that an act of love does n't consume energy - it creates it .
We will finally realize what love actually is - the readiness to care for another person 's well being and to serve another and not oneself .
This is love !
But we have to hurry now and urgently run to become happily and truly loving in love in this lifetime .
We must do it !
How wonderful the Twentieth Century was !
And what an unimaginably greater century awaits us now !
People gather to take a ride down a very steep and very long slide right into a pool below .
Wow ...
Aston Martin's 700 - horsepower
One - 77 is to cars as John Steed is to civil servants — a proper English gent quite capable of kicking your ass without so much as breaking a sweat .
The super - exclusive , super - expensive supercar unveiled at the Geneva Motor Show seamlessly blends top - shelf luxury with race - car engineering to create what may be the finest automobile the quintessentially British firm has ever produced .
Of course , for $ 1.4 million , it damn well ought to be .
Aston Martin spared no expense with the One - 77 , so named because just 77 will be handbuilt at the factory in Gaydon , and says it represents the culmination of all the company has learned since its founding in 1913 .
" Quite simply , it had to be the ultimate expression of Aston Martin , " company chief executive Ulrich Bez said in a statement .
" As you can now see , we have achieved that goal in magnificent style . "
Indeed .
While the One - 77's funky ducts , oversize headlights and ribbed sides will prompt debate among aesthetes , few can deny the car 's mechanical beauty .
Aston 's engineers looked long at hard at the hardcore race cars of the Deutsche Tourenwagen Masters series when designing the One - 77 , and the car is packed with race - car technology .
" We wanted to create something that wows you as much when you see what 's under the skin as the exterior styling itself , " said Chris Porritt , who led the car 's development .
The handformed aluminum body rests on a carbon fiber monocoque cradling a 7.3 - liter V12 engine developed by Cosworth .
Aston Martin is still nailing down the final figures but is quite confident the engine will produce at least 700 horsepower in production trim .
Look for a zero to 60 time in the mid- three - second range and a top speed just north of 200 mph , although asking so basic a question as " What 'll she do ? " is , as the Times found out , a touch vulgar .
" It goes fast enough , " Bez told the British paper during the show , with what we imagine was just a touch of indignation .
Power , the old advertising slogan goes , is nothing without control , so the One - 77 features a fully adjustable suspension with pushrod - activated dampers .
All those ponies flow through a six - speed paddle - shifted transmission developed exclusively for the One - 77 and they are reined in with carbon - ceramic brake rotors .
The car was billed as the most expensive automobile on the planet when it was announced last year , but a slump in the value of the Sterling means the Bugatti Veyron 16.4 will retain the title .
Aston Martin may be going through the same rough time as the rest of the auto industry , but Bez says the company has received " expressions of interest " from 250 potential buyers around the globe .
It seems there are at least 77 people with the means to drop £ 1 million — $ 1.4 million at today 's exchange rate — on a car .
Photos : Aston Martin .
See Also :
via holytaco
UPDATE : if you came from StumbleUpon you might also like our previous StumbleUpOn hits :
“ If Browsers Were Women ”
“ Historically Significant : Oldest ‘ Lolcat ’ Found ”
“ If President Obama Twittered … ”
And follow us on Twitter so we can keep you up - to - date of more stuff like this .
Read next :
Two awesome ways to check your website for spelling and grammatical mistakes .
Since the release of jQuery 1.3 a month and a half ago , I 've been keeping my eye on any troubles that people have had with their upgrades .
Fortunately , most people have had no problems at all .
For those who have , the issues have almost always been in one of three areas .
Identifying these areas and adjusting any legacy scripts ahead of time will go a long way toward ensuring a smooth transition to jQuery 1.3.x .
1. Update Attribute Selectors
By far the most common stumbling block to the 1.3 upgrade has been the attribute selector .
The XPath syntax for this selector — [ @attribute ] — has been deprecated since version 1.1.4 in August , 2007 .
Still , many scripts , including some prominent plugins , continued to use the old syntax , which was n't a problem until jQuery 1.3 , at which point it was no longer supported .
The correct syntax ( since 1.1.4 ) follows the CSS standard : [ attribute ] .
The fix is quite simple .
Simply search your scripts for [ @ .
Go through the matches one by one , and if the string is being used as an attribute selector ( and not , for example , in a regular expression ) , replace it with [ .
Removed XPath Syntax
This will break your code in jQuery 1.3+ :
Current CSS Syntax
[ js ] $ ( 'a[ @href^=http ] ' ) ; $ ( '[ @title=foo ] ' ) ; [ / js ]
Use this instead :
2. Check Custom Selectors
[ js ] $ ( ' a [ href^=http ] ' ) ; $ ( '[ title=foo ] ' ) ; [ / js ]
If you are using custom selectors , either in your own script or within a plugin , you might run across an error if the second argument 's object value is a string :
[ js] jQuery.extend(jQuery.expr[ ' :' ] , { hasSiblings : " jQuery ( a) .siblings ( m [ 3 ] ) .length >0 " } ) ;[ / js ]
This is another easy fix .
Simply change that value to an anonymous function and add what was in the string to the return statement :
[ js] jQuery.extend(jQuery.expr[ ' :' ] , { hasSiblings : function ( a , i , m ) {return jQuery ( a) .siblings ( m [ 3 ] ) .length >0;} } ) ;[/ js ]
So , basically , you just change " jQuery ( a) .siblings ( m [ 3 ] ) .length >0 " to function ( a , i , m ) {return jQuery ( a) .siblings ( m [ 3 ] ) .
length >0;} .
When someone on the jQuery Google Group was having trouble with George Adamson 's excellent More Selectors plugin , all I had to do to make it compatible with jQuery 1.3 was update the attribute selectors and change custom selectors ( my updated script is available here temporarily until George has time to update the original ) .
3. Note Visible and Hidden Elements
This change did n't occur until jQuery 1.3.2 , but if you are upgrading to the latest and greatest jQuery version , you 'll want to be sure your scripts are n't relying on a quirk in how jQuery was determining the visibility of elements .
Prior to 1.3.2 , if you had an element with display : block inside a containing element with display : none , the inner element would still be reported as visible .
you can't see me !
[ html ] [ / html ]
Before version 1.3.2 , $ ( ' #inner ' 1 ) .is ( ' : visible ' ) would return true and $ ( ' # inner1 : hidden ' ) would match 0 elements .
In order to find out if an element were truly hidden , meaning you could n't see it , you 'd have to check all of its ancestors to see if they were hidden as well .
Remy Sharp put together a little custom selector to check if elements were * really * visible .
With 1.3.2 , $ ( ' #inner ' ) .is( ' : visible ) returns false and $ ( ' # inner : hidden ' ) match 1 element .
Another Visible Wrinkle
There is one more change in how visibility is detected in 1.3.2 : elements with visibility : hidden are now considered visible , whereas before they were considered hidden .
you can't see me !
[ html ] [ / html ]
Given the above div structure , j Query 1.3.2 considers # inner2 visible while prior versions considered it hidden .
Here is a quick demo , with two iFrames showing the differences in determining visibility :
I 'm not sure how I feel about the new behavior with visibility : hidden , but I think the change was important for performance reasons .
A Few Others
There are a few other issues that may affect a small minority of users , but the three above represent the lion 's share of reported problems that I 've seen on the Google Groups .
For more information about changes , see the jQuery 1.3 Release Notes
Next month 's G20 summit will present an " unprecedented " challenge as up to 2,000 protesters attempt to bring London to a standstill , the Metropolitan Police admitted yesterday .
The 20 world leaders , including Barack Obama , are to visit the capital for the summit on 2 and 3 April .
They plan to discuss ways to tackle the global financial crisis .
But their presence is expected to encourage a large number of protests , with scores of activists from an array of different causes determined to generate publicity from demonstrations around the event .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
The majority of protest groups have promised to demonstrate peacefully , but there are fears anarchist and hardcore anti-capitalists from Britain and abroad will try to fight police in pitched battles reminiscent of the anarchist riots of the late 1990s which caused millions of pounds of damage .
Senior officers at Scotland Yard say they are aware of several groups which plan to converge on the City of London financial district to cause blockades , and attempt to get inside major banks including the Bank of England .
One organiser is believed to be a senior lecturer at the University of East London .
Some groups are said to be considering filling roads with sand and then sending children to play in it , making it impossible for police officers to forcibly remove them .
An anti-capitalist umbrella group calling itself " G20 – Meltdown in the City " has promised to " storm " banks and target many of the luxury hotels where world leaders will stay .
Climate change campaigners will also concentrate their protests within the Square Mile where they intend to hold one of their ubiquitous Climate Change Camps .
Previous camps have been held at Heathrow and outside Kingsnorth power station in Kent , but this time thousands of activists will descend on the City in the week up to the three - day summit .
The Independent has learnt small " commando " groups of environmental activists are planning high profile publicity protests , similar to the Parliament rooftop protests last year .
One climate change activist , who has been arrested on numerous protests , said yesterday : " With so much media attention and so many world leaders coming to town next week I can guarantee there will be all sorts of groups looking to perform an array of exciting direct action stunts .
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
" I just hope the action wo n't take the form of throwing things at the police as that gets us nowhere . "
Tibetan activists from around the world will also use the G20 to protest against the continuing crackdown in Tibet , where scores of people have been killed and arrested by Chinese forces since widespread rioting and protests broke out last year .
The G20 meeting takes place at the ExCel centre in Docklands , and the Metropolitan Police plan to use a marine unit to prevent attempts by protesters to infiltrate the site by boat .
More than 10,000 officers ' shifts will be used in the operation , which will cost the Met at least £ 7.2 m , although £ 4.7 m of this money would have been spent regardless of where the officers were patrolling .
Sir Paul Stephenson , the Scotland Yard Commissioner , said : " G20 is a huge challenge for the Met .
Quite clearly the notice for this event is less than one would normally have , but I think we are in extraordinary times and that has led to an extraordinary event . "
Commander Bob Broadhurst is in charge of the security operation – one of the biggest the Met has ever mounted .
All police leave has been cancelled for the duration of the summit and officers from six forces are working to second guess " innovative " protesters determined to evade traditional security arrangements .
" We have to be flexible and mobile , " he said .
" These are innovative people and we must be innovative as well .
" They are very clever people and they understand our tactics and will try to outsmart us .
I have encouraged officers to try to think about what these people might try and do and hopefully we will have something to mitigate that .
It will be an exciting couple of days to say the least . "
The US military says two bomb blasts near the gate to its main Afghan base have injured at least three people .
A car bombing outside the Bagram base was followed moments later by a suicide bombing , US officials said .
" No US soldier was present at that moment but three contractors have suffered minor injuries , " a US military spokesman told the AFP news agency .
Bagram air base is about 60 km ( 40 miles ) north of Kabul .
It is the main base for the US - led coalition force .
" There were two explosions , first a vehicle and then a suicide bomber wearing an explosives vest , near the gate , " Sergeant First Class Joel Peavey told AFP .
Military officials also said that three Nato soldiers had been killed after being wounded in a bomb blast in the south on Tuesday .
Taleban insurgency
Originally built by the Soviet military during its invasion of Afghanistan in the 1980s , some 10,000 troops are based at Bagram .
They are mostly Americans , but also include French , Egyptian , New Zealand , Turkish , German and Australian troops serving as part of the coalition .
In addition the base houses the US military 's main prison facility in Afghanistan for people detained by US forces .
The latest deaths in the south take the number of international soldiers killed in Afghanistan this year to 52 , according to the icasualties.org website that tracks casualties in Afghanistan .
Nato has not divulged the identities of the dead soldiers or the exact location of the attack , but a Canadian general has been reported by the AP news agency as saying that they were all Canadian .
The south of Afghanistan has become the centre of the Taleban insurgency after they were forced from power by US - led forces in 2001 .
So if you 're an adult and you host a party that includes high school cheerleaders , a stripper pole and a camera , you should pretty much just find the nearest jail and turn yourself in .
Advertisement
Yeah , that would save a lot of time .
Above is the Freedom High ( Bethlehem , Pa. ) cheerleading team , and they had a busy December .
Steven Russo , 36 , — our early choice for Father of the Year — has a 17 - year - old son who attends Freedom , and they decided to host a party .
In attendance were several Freedom cheerleaders .
And like all good parties , it occurred in the basement and included booze and a stripper pole .
The teens allegedly listened to Russo spin tales about his sexual exploits and drank vodka , rum and beer he gave them .
They also mingled in the basement while he played music and shouted , " Get on that pole , " according to a criminal complaint filed by Bethlehem Township police at the office of District Judge Joseph Barner .
Advertisement
Does it even need to be said that photos were taken , and that they showed up on Facebook ?
One of the photos — showing two of the girls kissing Russo on the cheek — began circulating at school .
This caused members of the cheerleading team to begin arguing , and one of them showed the photo to a school administrator .
Hilarity did not ensue .
Mr. Russo now has some ' splaining to do to a judge .
More fun stuff :
The girls said Russo did not try anything with them , but encouraged one 16 - year - old as she removed her shirt during the Dec. 12 party .
One teen mentioned Russo's house has a room called " the cave " on the second floor where people have sex .
One boy claimed he was there that night because another teen planned to have sex and he was " hooking up , " with one of the other girls .
The boy said they left after his friend was finished .
A 14 - year - old girl said she drank Red Bull and vodka at the party and Russo 's son became sick from excessive consumption .
She later sneaked out of the house with a friend because " the rule is that if you drink alcohol there you have to sleep over because ( Russo ) does n't want to get in trouble ... "
I look forward to more fine reporting like this from Precious Petty .
UPDATE : Mr. Russo's mug shot .
UPDATE : Apparently Russo won some " Sexiest Bartender " competition a while back .
Busted Coverage has the shirtless ( of course ) photos .
Advertisement
Steven Russo , 36 , Accused Of Hosting Teen Drinking Parties , Encouraging Pole Dancing [ Leigh Valley News ]
Police : Cheerleaders Danced On Stripper Pole , Teens Drank Alcohol At Adult - Hosted Party [ Leigh Valley News ]
Freedom High School Varsity Cheerleading Squad
Steve Russo Is One Of The Cool Parents , Wants High School Cheerleaders To Get On Stripper Pole [ Busted Coverage ]
Carrie Underwood Likes To Date ‘ Thugs ’
Total Pro Sports – According to Don Cherry , Carrie Underwood ’s boyfriend Mike Fisher is a thug !!!!
“ Leave it to Don Cherry to associate car theft and National Hockey League players with one another .
On CBC , Don Cherry ( Coaches Corner ) had some harsh words for the last place Ottawa Senators and Tampa Bay Lightning .
Cherry basically told all of Canada what he thinks about how hockey players should dress while going to the rink . ”
“ That night the Ottawa Senators were facing the Tampa Bay Lightning when Mike Fisher of Senators and Andrei Meszaros of the Lightning were walking into the rink wearing tuques , un - tucked shirts and no ties .
This is pretty concerning considering other leagues like the NBA enforce a strict dress code , more than the NHL does . ”
It ’s not surprising that Don Cherry had this to say about these two last place teams .
Fans , especially the young ones look up to these players as are role models and the least thing they should do is dress appropriately .
Considering they are making millions of dollars for playing in the NHL , there is really no excuse .
“ Don Cherry called them thugs and they looked capable of stealing the hub caps off your car .
If this is the case , I ’ll be sure to take public transportation to the rink next time I watch either of these teams play and I ’m sure Don would urge you to as well . ”
Just a word of advice to Carrie Underwood , make sure you have no vehicles that have expensive rims because Mike Fisher may steal them from you .
Share This
Pistachio Recall Facts
The FDA announced Monday that pistachio factory in California is voluntarily recalling up to 2 million pounds of roasted pistachio products that may have been contaminated with salmonella .
This blog will help you find the truth about the Pistachio Recall .
Amnesty said the way houses had fallen suggested they had been blown up from under walls and pillars
Human rights investigators say Israeli forces engaged in " wanton destruction " of Palestinian homes during the recent conflict in Gaza .
Amnesty International has told the BBC News website the methods used raised concerns about war crimes .
Israel 's military said buildings were destroyed because of military " operational needs " .
The Israeli Defense Forces said they operated in accordance with international law during the conflict .
However , the use of mines to destroy homes contradicted this claim , the head of the Amnesty International fact - finding mission to southern Israel and Gaza , Donatella Rovera , has argued .
The IDF emphasises that the terrorist organisation , Hamas , and its infrastructure were the target of Operation Cast Lead , and not the civilian population in Gaza
Israeli military statement Israeli troops had to leave their vehicles to plant the mines , indicating that they faced no danger and that there was no military or operational justification , she said .
Breaking the Silence , an Israeli group that gathers and circulates the testimonies of Israeli soldiers , has also told the BBC News website that its findings from the Gaza war suggested many demolitions had been carried out when there was no immediate threat .
" From the testimonies that we 've gathered , lots of demolitions - buildings demolished either by bulldozers or explosives - were done after the area was under Israeli control , " said Yehuda Shaul , one of the group 's members .
Destruction of civilian property is not illegal in itself under international law , but it must be justifiable on military grounds - for example if the building was booby trapped or being used as cover for enemy fighters .
Thousands of buildings were destroyed in the 22 - day Israeli operation .
Some of them were police stations , mosques and government premises attacked in targeted airstrikes , in many cases with surrounding buildings left in tact .
Reduced to rubble
There were also whole neighbourhoods reduced to rubble in areas where the Israeli ground forces were present .
Audio slideshow : Gaza homeless
Ms Rovera said Amnesty International was concerned about " large scale destruction of homes and other civilian properties " during the conflict .
" The destruction was , in our view , and according to our findings , wanton destruction - it could not be justified on military grounds , " she said .
Ms Rovera said her team found fragments of anti-tank mines in and around destroyed properties .
Their use was also consistent with remains of houses , collapsed in on themselves as if blown up from below , rather than destroyed from above as in an airstrike , she said .
Troops would have had to leave their armoured vehicles to plant them and rig up the detonators , she said .
" Unless those operating on the ground felt not just 100 % but 200 % secure - that the places were not booby trapped , that they would n't come under fire - they could not have got out of the vehicles , " she said .
" They would not have used that method . "
" The use of the method tells us even more that there was n't the kind of danger that might have made it lawful to destroy some of those properties , " Ms Rovera said .
GAZA DESTRUCTION 14,000 homes 219 factories 240 schools UNDP estimates
In pictures : Samouni Street Who will rebuild Gaza ?
" Wanton destruction on a large scale would qualify as a war crime , " she said , adding that the practice was among several used in the conflict by both sides that Amnesty is concerned may constitute war crimes .
In one case visited by the BBC , six homes belonging to the extended family of Raed al - Atamna in the Izbit Abed Rabbo area , near the border with Israel , were destroyed .
Mr Atamna said a UN ordnance clearance team had found several mines in and around the remains of one of the homes .
He said he and his family had fled the area during the Israeli military operation , and returned to find their homes demolished .
' Substantial operational needs '
The IDF said buildings in the Gaza Strip were destroyed during Operation Cast Lead due to " substantial operational needs " .
In a written statement , it said : " For example , buildings were either booby - trapped , located over tunnels , or fire was opened from within them in the direction of IDF soldiers .
" The terrorist organisations operated from within the civilian population , using them as a cover and made cynical use of the IDF 's strict rules of engagement , opening fire from within civilian population centres , mosques , schools , hospitals and even private residences of citizens in the Gaza Strip .
" The troops were briefed and trained to avoid harming uninvolved civilians and did all they could to give warning in advance so that civilians could distance themselves from combat zones .
" The IDF emphasises that the terrorist organisation , Hamas , and its infrastructure were the target of Operation Cast Lead , and not the civilian population in Gaza . "
A military source said the mines used do not detonate automatically and therefore do not represent a danger when left unexploded in the field .
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
GAZA , March 9 ( UPI ) -- Gaza's Hamas government has arrested 10 Palestinian militants for firing rockets at Israel , sources say .
The militants , belonging to the al - Quds Brigades , were taken into custody by Hamas , which controls the Gaza Strip , sources from the militant group Islamic Jihad told Ynetnews.com Monday .
Advertisement
The Israeli news service reported the al - Quds Brigades gunmen were arrested in the southern Gaza Strip , near Khan Younis , and that among the detainees was a senior Islamic Jihad field commander , who reportedly is the only detainee yet to be released .
The other nine were let go only after they allegedly were abused by Hamas officials and coerced into signing a statement declaring they would stop firing rockets at Israel , Ynetnews.com quoted the source as saying .
Wriju's BLOG
2/7/2020
6 minutes to read
In this article
. NET , Cloud and everything
Please read https://wriju.wordpress.com/2019/05/20/build-2019-ai-sessions-and-recordings/
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 05/20/2019
Please visit https://wriju.wordpress.com/2019/05/17/free-hands-on-labs-for-azure-devops/
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 05/17/2019
Please visit https://wriju.wordpress.com/2019/05/17/from-zero-to-hero-in-azure-devops/
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 05/17/2019
https://wriju.wordpress.com/2019/05/14/microsoft-build-conference-2019-all-the-announcements/
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 05/14/2019
Please have a look into ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 05/01/2019
Please have a look ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 04/28/2019
Please have a look ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 04/28/2019
https://wriju.wordpress.com/2019/04/26/speaking-at-global-azure-bootcamp-2019/
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 04/27/2019
All , After blogging about 13 years – it's time to say goodbye to this lovely MSDN blogging platform ....
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 04/20/2019
Let 's have them all in one page General availability : Azure Availability Zones in East US Global ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 04/01/2019
Keep your Azure CLI always update .
This is recommended to use Cloud Shell because all the versions ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 04/01/2019
If you pass the both AZ - 300 and AZ - 301 then you become the Azure Solutions Architect Expert .
This is ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 04/01/2019
Blockchain in Azure is nothing new .
Blockchain is not new but to get more compute power and security ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 02/07/2019
Do you know what ’s the latency between Azure DC .
Do check out http://www.azurespeed.com/
There are ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 01/10/2019
2018 has been great so far for developers .
With cloud automation CI / CD has become the focus .
A major ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 12/24/2018
Azure Certifications are going through a major revamp .
Now we have series like AZ - 100 , AZ - 101 , ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 12/20/2018
Azure Stack is a hardware - based appliances which means you need to buy the hardware to be able to ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 12/20/2018
All of us are hearing about AI and would like to try ourselves and see how it works .
Here is what ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 12/19/2018
What if you have Azure Subscription to play with and need no credit card ?
Pretty cool , huh !!!
You ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 12/13/2018
The public cloud , out of the box , needs help to be enterprise ready .
We need a bit more compliance ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 12/06/2018
Azure has many layers of interactions REST API , PowerShell , CLI , Portal etc .
On top of REST API we ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 12/01/2018
Ignite is over couple of months ago .
But the impact is going to stay till another Build or Ignite ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 12/01/2018
Cost optimization is another key aspect of successfully running Applications in Cloud .
Here is the ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 11/30/2018
Direct Link
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 11/29/2018
Upcoming Azure Sphere 18.11 release Azure IoT Edge 1.0.4 release OMS Agent for Linux November ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 11/27/2018
Here is the 0.3 release of the Quantum Development Kit !!
Main features : · New quantum chemistry ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 11/21/2018
There is a lab on Quantum Machine Learning is now available ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 11/21/2018
Often times you need to refer the latest Audit reports for many valid reasons .
These reports are ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 11/21/2018
If you care about Azure you care about Log Analytics .
Because it is that display board which keeps ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 11/20/2018
Use case : An existing Application was written using ASPNET Core pointing to an installed MongoDB in ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 06/15/2018
Step 1 : Open the bash cloud shell from browser https://shell.azure.comStep
2 : Create a resource group ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 06/12/2018
Edited
All the build sessions are listed here in Youtube as a playlist ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 05/14/2018
All of the Microsoft Build Sessions are here http://aka.ms/build2018allThere are around 200 plus ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 05/14/2018
When Mark talks about Blockchain you simply can’t ignore .
Mark has been playing with it since last ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 05/14/2018
This sample talks about few basic aspects of Azure PowerShell , 1. Reading from CSV2 .
Parameterizing ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 05/04/2018
Power BI Embedded Q&A added to Edit and Create modes for report authors Power BI Embedded ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 05/02/2018
Time is up .
With the announcement of http://manage.windowsazure.com is no more available since 2nd ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 04/05/2018
General availability : Global VNet Peering Global VNet Peering is now generally available .
Global ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 04/03/2018
Great Azure Learning Video for 2 hour 40 min , this contains Content 00:05:00 - The Azure Portal ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 03/22/2018
Fully managed PostgreSQL and MySQL is now GA .
This means you can use them in production .
The ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 03/22/2018
https://www.microsoft.com/handsonlabs/SelfPacedLabs
As of today there are 227 labs .
For me time is ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 03/22/2018
GUID migration : Stream AnalyticsPublic preview : Azure Backup integration with Azure FilesPower BI ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 03/18/2018
· General availability : Virtual Network Service Endpoints and Firewalls for Azure Storage · .NET ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 03/18/2018
I have one VM with UnManaged OS Disk and Data Disk .
Now it is really simple to convert them , ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 03/13/2018
Compute Continuous - Deployment to AzureImperial College Hack – ICHack18 Cognitive Challenge Winners ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 02/28/2018
Strange yeah !!!
Not possible .
There is a playground to help you build things without getting into ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 02/26/2018
All you need is to download this PDF Microsoft Azure IoT services - Reference ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 02/26/2018
In your Azure you might have created Managed disks and never used them .
Do you still pay for disks ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 02/25/2018
Azure PowerShell is an ocean of commands .
Remembering them while working is next to impossible ....
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 02/25/2018
We use “ Remember Me ” feature quite a lot in our personal computers for quick login .
This seamless ...
Author : Wriju Ghosh Date : 02/23/2018
Next >
Two recent reports in German ( on - line ) publications suggest that Pope Benedict XVI is due shortly to find life there at the Vatican to be a bit more difficult .
The first comes from Der Spiegel : Ratzinger authorized text for a right - extremist book .
“ Ratzinger ” is of course the surname the present Pope was born with ; this report concerns an article published back in 1997 , when he was merely Cardinal Ratzinger .
That piece appeared in an edition of the monthly magazine Aula called “ 1848 – Heritage and Mandate , ” published by an Austrian right - extremist organization that a few years earlier had ignited controversy there by publishing a denial of the Holocaust .
His secretary at the time , a Vatican official named Clemens , did provide permission in writing to Aula to publish the Cardinal ’s article , even though a spokesperson for the Vienna archdiocese tried to deny this .
Aula had previously been the house - organ publication for Austria ’s Freedom Party , the one headed by the notorious ( and late ) Jörg Haider , but had been cut loose by that party at the time of the Holocaust controversy .
We ’ll see if this story gains any further traction – after all , it was only this Clemens guy , rather than Cardinal Ratzinger himself , who can be shown as committing the mistake of dealing with these right - wingers .
Still , this controversy comes at a bad time , considering the recent fuss over Benedict XVI revoking the excommunication of the English bishop , and Holocaust - denier , Richard Williamson .
And then there is the coming blow to the Pope ’s holy pocketbook , reported by Matthias Oden in the Financial Times Deutschland ( Thou shalt not run riot ) .
Sure , the Vatican gets plenty of money from the outside , from the finances of the Catholic Church , but have you wondered what ( if any ) are the main economic activities that take place there on its 110 acres ?
Well , they print Bibles as well as small - scale religious icons ( Heiligenbildchen in the article ) , but they also mint euro - coins .
They are authorized by the European Central Bank to mint those coins , you see , up to € 1 million - worth per year , and it ’s a very profitable business for them because they can always sell those coins on ( mainly to professional rare - coin handlers ) at impressive mark - ups because they are so rare .
( Remember that all euro - coins have one side that bears some insignia that is country - specific to the place where that coin was minted . )
FTD - journalist
Oden writes of the Vatican routinely being able to command € 30 from such dealers for an eight - piece set ( one of each of the euro - coin denominations , with a face - value of € 3.88 ) .
But now that game is to come to an end starting next year when , as European finance ministers recently agreed , the Vatican will be authorized to pass on the euro - coins it mints only for their face - value .
Or at least it is supposed to come to and end by then : the Pope ’s minions will still be allowed to sell “ a small part ” of their coinage output at a premium .
At least those finance ministers did make it clear in their ruling that the Vatican is not to come out with a brand - new set of coins each time there is that interregnum period after one pope has died and the next one has not yet been chosen .
Such a situation has in the past been a perfect excuse to issue a new set , because the Vatican coins normally display the head of the current pope ; when there is temporarily no pope , they can think up a new design and issue a whole new set that ordinarily would sell for a big premium because of its rareness .
This is of course precisely what they did back after John Paul II died in the spring of 2005 – and it was this sort of quick - on - the - draw abuse that alarmed enough people within the EU bureaucracy to put the whole issue of Vatican coin-profits on the agenda of the finance ministers , despite the many more - serious issues they have to deal with at present .
Posted on Sunday , March 15th , 2009 .
Trackback
Tags : Der Spiegel , Financial Times Deutschland , Pope Benedict XVI , Vatican
Facebook paid up to $ 65 m - $ 20 m cash and a 1.25 m shares – to end a lawsuit in which Mark Zuckerberg , now its chief executive , was accused of stealing the idea for the social networking site from a company called ConnectU .
The case , brought against Zuckerberg by three former classmates , Divya Narendra and the brothers Tyler and Cameron Winklevoss , had threatened to derail Facebook .
But though both sides had promised to keep the details of the settlement secret , the law firm representing ConnectU proclaimed the amount in a newsletter it sent out in January .
The detail was picked up by the Recorder , a San Francisco - based legal publication .
Until yesterday , the details of the outcome had been kept secret .
Lawyers on both sides went as far as asking the judge to clear the courtroom of reporters .
But the law firm Quinn Emanuel Urquhart Oliver & Hedges then trumpeted " WON $ 65 million settlement against Facebook " in its newsletter .
ConnectU fired the law firm last year , and the two sides are now disputing fees payable : Quinn is seeking $ 13 m as part of a " no win , no fee " arrangement .
The case came to court in July , and it seemed that the court judge would dismiss the case by ConnectU .
Its owners alleged that Zuckerberg , who helped set up Facebook , stole the idea , technology , design and business plan while they were students at Harvard .
Facebook launched in February 2004 ; ConnectU , three months later .
But it has struggled , and now has fewer than 100,000 members , while Facebook boasts more than 150 million .
ConnectU launched its lawsuit in 2004 .
The basis of the settlement was Facebook 's notional value following an investment by Microsoft , which paid $ 240 m for a 1.6 % stake in October 2007 , narrowly beating Yahoo and Google .
That valued the site at around $ 15 bn - but the documents used in the court suggest that internally , Facebook has never regarded itself as worth that much - and instead uses the much lower figure of $ 3.7bn , equivalent to $ 8.80 per share .
Microsoft 's investment would imply a value of $ 35.90 per share – and it was the Microsoft valuation that was used in the settlement of the case .
Under their settlement , Facebook agreed to pay ConnectU $ 20 million in cash and 1,253,326 shares of common stock .
The stock was worth $ 45 million , based on the Microsoft valuation , but only $ 11 million under Facebook 's own appraisal .
Chris Scott Graham , an intellectual property litigator based in Mountain View , California , told the Recorder : " $ 65 m is a significant sum — it 's certainly more than the cost of the defence . "
He added : " It 's a very small percentage of [ Facebook 's ] valuation and therefore could be argued by Facebook to be a payment based on considerations other than the merits of the claims . "
America 's five largest banks , which already have received $ 145 billion in taxpayer bailout dollars , still face potentially catastrophic losses from exotic investments if economic conditions substantially worsen , their latest financial reports show .
Citibank , Bank of America , HSBC Bank USA , Wells Fargo Bank and J.P. Morgan
Chase reported that their " current " net loss risks from derivatives — insurance - like bets tied to a loan or other underlying asset — surged to $ 587 billion as of Dec. 31 .
Buried in end - of - the - year regulatory reports that McClatchy has reviewed , the figures reflect a jump of 49 percent in just 90 days .
The disclosures underscore the challenges that the banks face as they struggle to navigate through a deepening recession in which all types of loan defaults are soaring .
The banks ' potentially huge losses , which could be contained if the economy quickly recovers , also shed new light on the hurdles that President Barack Obama 's economic team must overcome to save institutions it deems too big to fail .
While the potential loss totals include risks reported by Wachovia Bank , which Wells Fargo agreed to acquire in October , they do n't reflect another Pandora 's Box : the impact of Bank of America 's Jan. 1 acquisition of tottering investment bank Merrill Lynch , a major derivatives dealer .
Federal regulators portray the potential loss figures as worst - case .
However , the risks of these off - balance sheet investments , once thought minimal , have risen sharply as the U.S. has fallen into the steepest economic downturn since World War II , and the big banks ' share prices have plummeted to unimaginable lows .
With 12.5 million Americans unemployed and consumer spending in a freefall , fears are rising that a spate of corporate bankruptcies could deliver a new , crippling blow to major banks .
Because of the trading in derivatives , corporate bankruptcies could cause a chain reaction that deprives the banks of hundreds of billions of dollars in insurance they bought on risky debt or forces them to shell out huge sums to cover debt they guaranteed .
Yup , the economic free - fall we 're in is all about Barack Obama .
The colossal mismanagement of the nation 's financial behemoths had nothing to do with it :
Now someone tell me how this is Barack Obana 's fault .
I 'm not kidding .
Tell me .
But do n't go posting recycled talking points from Rush Limbaugh and Fox News in the comments .
It 's a waste of time and it ought to be embarrassing to anyone who does it .
I want someone to tell me how Barack Obama made all these bank executives and board get embroiled in this stuff .
You ca n't do it .
Not and sound like you 're sane .
Labels : economic death watch
Brookhaven National Laboratory has what is currently one of the highest energy particle accelerators on the planet .
The Relativistic Heavy Ion Collider ( RHIC ) hosts collisions between the nuclei of gold atoms that are moving at roughly 99 percent of the speed of light , creating a quark soup similar to the one that existed immediately after the big bang .
But the scientists running the experiments started noticing something funny about the data : instead of expanding evenly outward , the collision debris were ellipsoidal ( think a 3 - D ellipse ) .
What was even stranger was that this sort of behavior had already been described , for a gas of lithium atoms at the opposite end of the temperature spectrum , at a fraction of a microkelvin .
As these groups were talking about a collaboration , things got stranger still when string theorists started citing this work , since the behavior had already been predicted through their work — a fact that the physicists were n't aware of until a science reporter called to ask what they thought about it .
The tale of this unlikely collaboration unfolded at the American Association for the Advancement of Science meeting , where the introductory remarks described just how far apart these systems are .
In terms of temperature , the RHIC and chilled lithium differ by 19 orders of magnitude ( that 's a factor of 1019 ) .
When it comes to density , the difference is an astonishing 25 orders of magnitude .
Meanwhile , the bit of string theory that describes the normal , four - dimensional ( 3 - D + time ) behavior of these systems can be predicted by modeling a four - dimensional sphere wrapped around a five dimensional black hole .
Quantum viscosity runs hot and cold
The cold atomic cloud is probably easiest to understand , although John Thomas of Duke , who does the work , claimed that , when dragged to wine tastings with his wife 's friends , " I wait until everyone 's sufficiently drunk before explaining what we do . "
His short description is that he makes bowls of light ; in principle , the first steps in his system involve the sort of laser cooling that our Chris Lee has described in the past .
This can only get things down to a bit under a kelvin above absolute zero , but Thomas then loosens the laser trap , and a few atoms evaporate off , taking most of the remaining heat with them .
The end result is an atomic cloud at one - tenth of a microkelvin .
The 6Li atoms that he uses have up and down spins that form an analog of the cooper pairs of electrons that cause high - temperature superconductivity , so his system allows theorists to test some of their ideas in an accessible experimental system .
But it also has interesting properties when in a magnetic field .
At a specific magnetic field strength , the interactions between the paired atoms start to go asymptotic and , when at a very precise point , the interactions vanish and quantum effects dominate .
When the laser trap is released again , the atoms expand elliptically , displaying essentially the smallest amount of quantum viscosity possible .
Because the system is experimentally possible , they were able ( on the advice of string theorists — more on that below ) to measure both the viscosity and entropy , and found that they were related directly to one divided by four ?.
Smaller accelerator , bigger atoms : Brookhaven 's RHIC
Out at the other end of the temperature spectrum , the collisions in the RHIC were producing what Brookhaven 's Barbara Jacack termed " quark soup . "
In normal matter , quarks interact by exchanging gluons with a limited number of partners .
But , at the densities that exist immediately after these collisions , quarks can exchange multiple gluons with multiple partners , leading to longer - range interactions that are more similar to those in a liquid .
Two aspects of the behavior seen by RHIC 's detectors , however , were a bit surprising .
The first is the ellipsoidal expansion that marks the behavior of perfect quantum liquids that we mentioned above .
The second is that , although radiation can pass across the small cluster of quark soup , the actual quarks , it appeared , could not .
Jacack likened the fact that even the heavy charm quark did n't make it across the collision to a set of bowling pins stopping an incoming ball .
Like Thomas , talking to string theorists allowed Jacack and her team to look for some specific properties — in this case , shock waves of a particular type — of the quark soup .
So far , it 's looking like they 're there .
RHIC is about to undergo a retrofit that should make it easier to study this , and the stimulus package may have some money for the DOE that could accelerate the work .
The theory needs a five - dimensional black hole , but reality may not
Clifford Johnson of USC then spoke about how a specific application of string theory helped tie everything together .
As he described it , Quantum Chromodynamics ( QCD ) works very well at describing the interactions of a limited number of particles , and its successes in the early 1970s caused researchers to abandon an earlier version of string theory .
But QCD does n't work that well at the densities seen in the RHIC , where ensembles of particles have emergent behavior — as Johnson noted , a single water molecule is n't wet ; that 's a property that emerges from a population of water molecules .
And this , along with a few other vexing problems , has allowed string theory back in the game .
" String theory , " Johnson said , " having failed to explain something , got resurrected a few years on and was used to explain everything , " or at least provide a quantum description of gravity .
He got interested in the problem of describing quantum black holes , which are far smaller than the macroscopic ones we 've observed in space .
Based on their emission of quantum radiation , they have to have an internal structure , one that our lack of a quantum gravity is preventing us from probing .
( During the questions , it became clear that Johnson is one of the few people hoping that the LHC does spawn a small black hole . )
It turns out , using the math of string theory , it 's easy to examine a five - dimensional black hole simply by wrapping a four - dimensional sheet around it .
When you do that , however , a lot of three - dimensional QCD behavior pops out of the equations — " the bugs of string theory become features , " as Johnson put it .
Image courtesy of icanhascheezburger.com
In the extra dimensions , gravitons get pulled towards , and then bounce off , the black hole , undergoing interference as they do .
That interference apparently describes the behavior seen in both of these real - world systems .
Johnson was emphatic that this does n't mean that the experiments that have used these string theory models are a test of the theory ; rather , it means that the predictions of string theory are being used to guide experiments , which is a measure of its utility .
As for whether there 's really an extradimensional black hole tucked away in these conditions , Johnson described himself as " agnostic . "
It may be possible , he said , to find a way to describe this behavior without resorting to anything beyond our familiar dimensions , but , at the moment , string theory 's models are simple and functional , so there 's no reason not to use them .
In the meantime , everyone seems excited about the prospect of further collaboration .
As Jacack said when showing a slide with a certain image of a kitten playing with yarn , " you know your field has hit the big time when you make it into lolcats . "
Poll :
Two thirds of Americans support probes of Bush era John Byrne
Published : Thursday February 12 , 2009
Print This Email This Almost 40 percent of Americans support criminal investigations into the Bush Administration 's use of harsh interrogations and warrantless wiretapping program , even after President George W. Bush left office , a USA Today / Gallup poll found Thursday .
Forty - one percent favor a criminal investigation into the Bush Administration 's use of the Justice Department for political purposes ; 38 percent favor an investigation for the Administration 's warrantless wiretapping and 38 percent favor a criminal probe for the possible use of torture in terrorism investigations .
Close to two - thirds of respondents also said they 'd like to see formal investigations of Bush policies , even if not criminal probes .
These results are based on a Jan. 30 - Feb. 1 USA Today / Gallup poll .
Strikingly , Gallup and USA Today presented the polls in entirely different lights .
USA Today headlined their article , " Poll : Most want inquiry into anti-terror tactics , " while Gallup bannered theirs , " No Mandate for Criminal Probes of Bush Administration . "
Bush , meanwhile , claimed a mandate for his agenda in 2000 with just 48 percent of the popular vote .
One third of respondents said they wanted nothing to be done .
Another third favored an independent panel , with 25 percent favoring neither .
House Judiciary Chairman John Conyers , Jr. recently subpoenaed former Bush Deputy White House Chief of Staff Karl Rove for testimony relating to the firing of nine US Attorneys and the possible political prosecution of a former Alabama governor .
In the Senate , Senate Judiciary Chairman Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) said he 's open to the idea of a " truth commission , " which would probe alleged Bush - era abuses but offer broad immunity to those who testified .
At President Obama 's Monday night press conference , Obama said he'd look at Leahy 's commission concept but that his " general orientation is to say , let 's get it right moving forward . "
Obama 's CIA chief nominee promised CIA officers wo n't be prosecuted for their roles in harsh interrogations under Bush 's tenure .
USA Today also noted the Republican viewpoint from Sen. Arlen Specter ( R - PA ) : " If every administration started to re-examine what every prior administration did , there would be no end to it , " Specter said .
" This is not Latin America . "
Chile and South Africa have both held " truth commissions " over civil rights abuses in previous decades .
As the Internet age in the '90s began , pictures were initially exchanged via specific NNTP newsgroups .
...
In addition to NNTP , forums emerged as a social meeting place and as a means to exchange plenty of files and links .
From 2002 LS
Studios was founded - a group of Ukrainian businessmen and professional photographers .
...
The models were even recruited through TV and newspaper ads .
The photo quality and professionalism exceeded anything previously published .
LS Studios published over half a million images and hundreds of videos on dozens of websites .
In 2004 , under the pressure of and with the help of the FBI , LS Studios was closed .
The prosecution was discontinued and there was no one convicted .
As the real Internet business emerged in the late 90s , it was very easy to enter into this business .
I remember the people of Site - Key.com from St. Petersburg that did much business in 2000 .
They had a Delaware Corporation in the United States , a Visa and MasterCard merchant account with Card Service International in California , and they ran all the payments via the U.S. through a gateway link from Linkpoint .
But there were not only Site - Key but still a lot of other vendors .
One of them provided services particularly for the distributors of hardcore child pornography .
...
This second company ( IWest ) had their headquarters in Israel and did their billing through Israeli banks which were aware of the scheme ( until Visa withdrew the license from some Israeli banks , some have even settled for CCBill for whom it did not matter what was paid for , the main focus being that money was moving .
Some Russian / Israeli citizens were never particularly choosy ... ) .
There was no problem to bill for any kind images , and the hosting of nude images was not a particular problem for these companies - let alone for the Non Nude Models .
At this time almost 100 % of the websites were hosted in the United States because it was the only place where it was affordable .
The Web sites have generated such traffic , that a human being can hardly imagine how big the interest really is .
I have the 2001 statistics of a website containing naked pictures of children and adolescents .
During the month of June 2001 , a total of 200 million visits to the site took place ( this is not page views , but unique visitors but on a daily scale - it is likely that a good part of visitors this month visited the site on many days and have been counted multiple times .
My estimate is that there were about 15 million unique visitors during this month ) .
The ratio between visitors and buyers , however , is very small .
The same site in June 2001 a turnover of approximately U.S. $ 60,000 made at a price of about $ 30 which is approximately 2000 customers .
An essential part of today 's commercial child pornography is now hosted in Germany and distributed from Germany .
If this is for you a shock , then I will explain how this works , and the authorities can do absolutely nothing except for the stupid ideas people muck :
Today 's schemes are technologically very demanding and extremely complex .
It starts with the renting of computer servers in several countries .
First the Carders are active to obtain the credit cards and client identities wrongfully .
These data are then passed to the falsifiers who manufacture wonderful official documents so that they can be used to identify oneself .
These identities and credit card infos are then sold as credit card kits to operators .
There is still an alternative where no credit card is needed : in the U.S. one can buy so - called Visa or MasterCard gift cards .
However , these with a certain amount of money charged Visa or MasterCard cards usually only usable in the U.S. .
Since this anonymous gift cards to buy , these are used to over the Internet with fake identities to pay .
Using a false identity and well - functioning credit card servers are then rented and domains purchased as an existing , unsuspecting person .
Most of the time an ID is required and in that case they will simply send a forged document .
There is yet another alternative : a payment system called WebMoney ( webmoney.ru ) that is in Eastern Europe as widespread as PayPal in Western Europe .
Again , accounts are opened with false identities .
Then the business is very simple in Eastern Europe : one buys domains and rents servers via WebMoney and uses it to pay .
As soon as the server is available , a qualified server admin connects to it via a chain of servers in various countries with the help of SSH on the new server .
Today complete partitions are encrypted with TrueCrypt and all of the operating system logs are turned off .
Because people consider the servers in Germany very reliable , fast and inexpensive , these are usually configured as HIDDEN CONTENT SERVERS .
In other words , all the illegal files such as pictures , videos , etc. are uploaded on these servers - naturally via various proxies ( and since you are still wondering what these proxies can be - I 'll explain that later ) .
These servers are using firewalls , completely sealed and made inaccessible except by a few servers all over the world - so - called PROXY SERVERs or FORWARD SERVERs .
If the server is shut down or Someone logs in from the console , the TrueCrypt partition is unmounted .
Just as was done on the content servers , logs are turned off and TrueCrypt is installed on the so - called proxy servers or forward servers .
The Russians have developed very clever software that can be used as a proxy server ( in addition to the possibilities of SSL tunneling and IP Forwarding ) .
These proxy servers accept incoming connections from the retail customers and route them to the content Servers in Germany - COMPLETELY ANONYMOUSLY AND UNIDENTIFIABLY .
The communication link can even be configured to be encrypted .
Result : the server in Germany ATTRACTS NO ATTENTION AND STAYS COMPLETELY ANONYMOUS because its IP is not used by anyone except for the proxy server that uses it to route the traffic back and forth through a tunnel - using similar technology as is used with large enterprise VPNs .
I stress that these proxy servers are everywhere in the world and only consume a lot of traffic , have no special demands , and above all are completely empty .
Networks of servers around the world are also used at the DNS level .
The DNS has many special features : the refresh times have a TTL ( Time To Live ) of approximately 10 minutes , the entries usually have multiple IP entries in the round robin procedure at each request and rotate the visitor to any of the forward proxy servers .
But what is special are the different zones of the DNS linked with extensive GeoIP databases ...
Way , there are pedophiles in authorities and hosting providers , allowing the Russian server administrators access to valuable information about IP blocks etc. that can be used in conjuction with the DNS .
Each one who has little technical knowledge will understabd the importance and implications of this ...
But what I have to report to you is much more significant than this , and maybe they will finally understand to what extent the public is cheated by the greedy politicians who CANNOT DO ANYTHING against child pornography but use it as a means to justify total monitoring .
But how , specifically , child pornography is sold ?
As the operators cannot resort to door to door knocking and market their sites this way , they had to work out other ways to sell .
There used to be links in forums , toplist , advertisements in newsgroups , etc. Today , the answer is SPAM .
The revenue from the child porn business are divided into 40 - 60 % for the payment processor and the bank ( percentage rate will depend on how hard the material is ) , 20 % of the operator and 20 % of the marketers ( in this case , spammers ) .
Spammers use millions of email addresses of interested people - the lists of earlier payment processors they have .
But hackers have also obtained huge client lists of large companies and sold the email addresses to spammers .
In order to send spam trojan - infected ( zombie ) computers are used .
But zombie computers have yet another use : it will be used in a targeted fashion to steal identities .
They even use the computer of the user whose identity is stolen to conduct credible transactions such as purchase of domains , etc .
But that is not everything : the installed Trojans are sometimes used as a SOCKS proxy to upload CP .
The Russians have even worked out a schema to use infected computer as a network combing these infected computers ( each computer would be part of a huge , redundant cluster ) as a kind of huge , distributed and remote servers can be ( a kind of Freenet Project , however , by using infected computers as the nodes ) .
I want to make one thing clear : if you have an email address , there is a possibility that there is child pornography on your computer because you have received CP advertising .
And if your computer is not 100 % safe against Trojans , viruses and rootkits , there is the possibility that your computer is part of the vast child pornography network .
Same as for the content servers , logging is turned off on the proxy and forwarding servers , residing in Truecrypt containers .
The Russians have developed very clever software for proxy servers ( in addition to the possibility of SSL tunneling and IP Forwarding ) .
This proxy accepts incoming connections from the customers which are then tunneled to the Content Server in Germany - completely anonymous and unidentifiable .
The link can even be configured for encryption .
Result : the server in Germany NEVER APPEARS PUBLICALLY AND STAYS completely anonymously because he never appears with its IP except to the proxy servers that are configured to send the traffic back and forth like through a tunnel - using similar technology like large enterprise VPNs .
I stress that this proxy servers are installed everywhere in the world and only consume a lot of traffic , have no special demands , and above all are completely unused .
At the DNS level there also is a network of servers around the world .
The DNS has many special features : the refresh times have a TTL ( Time To Live ) of approximately 10 minutes , the entries usually have multiple IP entries in a round robin procedure , and at each request rotates the visitor to any of the forward proxy server .
But the real specials are the different zones of the DNS with extensive GeoIP databases linked to it ...
Also , there are pedophiles in authorities and hosting providers , allowing the Russians server administrators access to valuable information about IP blocks that was built into the DNS database .
For everyone with a little technical knowledge it is extremely important to understand the implications of this ...
But what I will have to report is much more significant than this , and maybe they will finally say to what extent the public is being twitted and cheated by the greedy politicians against child pornography that can not do anything about it , but make into the means to an end , justifying State surveillance .
...
In recent years I have watched as authorities - due to a lack of knowledge ( and motivation ) - and judges ( due to ignorant shirtsigtedness ) have wrongly suspected and very often also convicted thousands of people .
There were fathers destroyed , families ruined , and people event committed suicide .
Masses of accused people have even admitted guilt ( although innocent ) in order to avoid public humiliation in a court and additional damages resulting from it .
One of the first big story was the alias of Landslide Operation Ore case .
Allegedly 70,000 users had purchased child pornography from Landslide .
The only ones that were really pleased were the Russians .
Landslide had nothing to do with child pornography .
But because Landslide developed a portal where also money was transferred , the Russian operators had opened accounts frequently and then tried to sell child pornography under these accounts .
The manager of Landslide was extremely naive and did not have enough control over the accounts , payment processing and fraud .
He did not notice that several credit cards were charged more than once , that client IPs did not match with the issuing bank , etc. - the CEO of Landslide was himself the victim of a gigantic fraud .
The fact is that the CP operators had made a deal with the Russian Carders who got their credit cards and identities from the U.S. mafia ( more specific information is given in the accompanying article from PC Pro ) .
Under these CP accounts thousands of scammed and stolen ( with the help of a trojan ) credit cards were used so they brought the company Landslide insane revenues .
But they were all stolen credit cards .
Since it was already too late for Landslide and for thousands of innocent people , this meant the end of family life , loss of employment and even the end of any hope that led to a subsequent suicide .
Much worse is that the U.S. police manipulated the website of Landslide AFTERWARDS ( this is best described in PCPro ) .
But it gets worse : the New York state prosecutor Cuomo has started negotiations with the private company Media Defender ( Anti - P2P Piracy Solutions ) in California to look for people that exchange child pornography via the P2P networks .
The aim , therefore , is to give the task of evidence collection and denunciation of Internet users to a company in the private sector .
According to U.S. law , the company itself is not allowed to search specifically for child pornography , but this does not bother the U.S. prosecutor - ultimately it is for a good cause , is n't it ?
Media Defender is also a company with strong connections to film and music industry - it is the same company that pushed the conviction of children downloading music illegally on the Internet .
SOURCE : http://www.wired.com...mediadefender_police
Based on my descriptions so far it should be clear to anyone sensible reading this that filtering and censorship make absolutely no sense .
The Russians are well - informed about countries such as Denmark and Sweden and know which sites are on the blacklists and how the filtering systems work .
A few weeks ago , a strictly secret blocking list appeared on the Internet at : http://scusiblog.org...e_15012009txt.sorted
It is the blacklist of 15 January 2009 from Denmark .
As you can see , these lists are very confidential ...
If you are looking for child pornography is , you should send the Danish police a thank - you letter for the hot tips .
But what is immediately obvious is that this list does not contain only illegal child pornography sites .
I have not , of course , checked all domains .
Most of these have been defunct since times immemorial ( but they are still listed - this will surely make next owner of the domain happy if the domain is ever purchased again ) .
It is worth noting that some sites with flat - chested adult models are blocked .
Even some gay sites are listed , or sites that have adult models that look young ( even sites participating in a proof - of - age program and operating within the EU ) .
I wonder , therefore , on what legal basis these adult sites with verifiably adult ( but young - looking ) models are put on the blocklist and even more how the discrimination of these models as adults is justified .
Since it is not justifiable , only mendacious arguments can be used : A job for the anti-constitutional Mrs. von der Leyen , Mr. Schaeuble or Schünemann .
They use the tax money for this purpose and to pay themselves big fat pensions in the future .
As I have written so far , the whole promotion of child pornography is done via spam ( or publisheded list of domains blocked by the police :-) .
The spam mails sometimes also come with images .
Even if you do not read the emails and everything ends up in junk folders there is still the possibility that child pornography images are saved on the hard drive .
A different situation is when the computer has become infected and is a zombie - then all doors are , so to speak , open and the computer can even be used for the active dissemination of child pornography .
Those who buy child pornography find links in the spam ads - most of them will lead to portals .
On these portals , but also in forums and newsgroups , there will be advertisements for security solutions that enable you to evade tracing AND FILTERING .
There are commercial offerings for foreign , uncensored DNS servers but also for VPN solutions ( eg www.strongvpn.com).
In these VPN solutions an encrypted tunnel is established between the client and a server without logs , and under a false identity somewhere in the world - the connection may even go through more countries .
Even if the ( impossible ) suggestion of Mr. Schünemann was implemented , there would be absolutely simple methods to circumvent it .
Since Server 2008 Microsoft came out , there is virtualization .
There are commercial offers where no child pornography is actually bought but a virtual workstation is a leased on which there is a great gift : a workstation full of videos and files ...
The connection can be established very quietly via Windows Remote Desktop or VNC .
No files are trasmitted between the computer of the customer and the server - only keyboard commands and screen content - usually in encrypted form and without the slightest trace about what you have viewed .
Since the screen of a computer located e.g. in Russia can be displayed on a PC in germany , the customer will automatically bypass any filtering , censorship and surveillance by the German government .
Well , the distributors of child pornography can even calmly sell virtual machines - against which Visa and MasterCard certainly will have nothing ...
When the customer then connects to the virtual computer , he finds a nice file that is nothing else than a TrueCrypt Container for which he also received the password to open it .
The container can also calmly sit on his home computer after transfer and because nobody knows what it is , he remains just a user like millions of others .
The Russians have been producing complete solutions for about 4 years .
In these case the business will not run dry .
But the German government will spend the money of taxpayers and the economy for the irrational and expensive systems .
If you still have n't noticed : Technology is not the solution to child pornography .
No filters , no censorship and no total monitoring can change this .
An anonymous individual recently posted this account of his / her involvement in the child pornography industry to the public .
The account was not in english , but has since been translated and posted to Wikileaks .
It has revealed a wealth of information to the general public about the inner workings of child pornography as an industry / business model ..
As such , I 've made quotes of the more technical portions below .
It is a long account , but I encourage everyone to read the quotes made here ( the 3rd one in particular ) , and those of you with stronger personal conviction to read the entire article ( via : Schneier on Security ) .
Foreclosures filings in past economic downturns were usually driven by job losses or contractions in the economy .
In our current recession we had an interesting dynamic in that many foreclosures were caused by the actual mortgages given to borrowers .
This of course spurred the housing bubble but more importantly , positioned a double whammy for our nation .
First , problems started showing up in subprime mortgages followed by Alt - A and Option ARMs and now prime mortgages which then fed into an economy highly built on the real estate and finance sectors and now we are seeing foreclosures for more typical reasons like job losses .
Until this situation is stabilized , there is little hope in seeing a bottom anytime soon .
We just got the foreclosure filings for January of 2009 and we are already on pace , once again for a 3 million plus foreclosure year .
First , let us look at the chart :
The troubling detail in the numbers above is we are still seeing sky high foreclosure rates and we have committed trillions of dollars to stabilizing the banking and real estate sectors .
So was that money all a waste ?
It was unless you were part of the group receiving the actual bailout funds .
In that case , you made out like a bandit .
Foreclosures are running at record numbers and this of course depresses the market value of homes in every area .
The chart above is rather telling .
What we see is that we have been running over 200,000 foreclosure filings per month since July of 2007 .
Remember that the stock markets did not peak until August of 2007 .
So this confluence of multiple distress signals is another reason why this is now the worst recession since World War II .
It is hard to argue otherwise .
Many will say that we are still not as deep as the 1980s recession but we really are if you factor in part - time employment and the amount of debt Americans carry .
The troubling detail is that 50 percent of all nationwide sales are distressed properties .
This is troubling because it virtually ensures us lower and lower prices in the months ahead .
Think of it this way .
Anyone wanting to sell a home now has to compete with those 270,000 + homes that will be back on the market at fire sale prices .
How can you compete when banks have a litany of homes on their balance sheet and are now liquidating these homes through various channels including foreclosure auctions ?
In California , 1 out of every 173 homes in the state has received a foreclosure filing .
Yet this is nothing compared to Nevada where 1 out of every 76 homes received a foreclosure notice !
The data is even more startling when you break it down :
January 2009 : 2,476 foreclosure filings a day in California
January 2009 : 8,851 foreclosure filings a day nationwide
And if we parse the data even further , we see that the REO and Notice of Trustee Sales are outpacing Notice of Defaults .
Essentially a home receiving an NOD is more likely than not to go into foreclosure .
And this would be expected in a down economy with unemployment rising .
After all , what is the use of doing a loan modification if someone just lost their job and has no income ?
We start realizing that the housing market has profound and structural problems .
One fascinating point that I want to show is that in January 37,693 NODs were filed in California .
Nationwide there were 46,681 filed .
That means , 80 % of the NODs filed were from California alone !
Why the big number ?
Well this has to do with legislation passed last year , SB 1137 which required lenders to work with borrowers and delay the foreclosure process .
Well that of course did n’t work so now , lenders are quickly sending out those NODs and California will be seeing an enormous amount of foreclosures in 2009 .
The Option ARM fiasco waiting to happen assures us that .
In a state where homes are down 50 % , why would anyone be making any payments especially if they went zero down ?
On top of this , the state is going to raise taxes to balance the budget .
So now , you are raising taxes , incomes are dropping , and home prices are lower .
A recipe for years of problems .
There was also legislation on the table regarding tax breaks for homebuilders which looks to be going nowhere as it should .
This was a total waste of money and in fact , some of these companies were going to receive tax refunds !
While the country suffers with a glut of housing these lenders basked in the sun when times were good and now that times are bad , they want the tax code rewritten so they can get money from the taxpayers .
So why will we see another 3 million foreclosures this year ?
Well if we take California alone , 76,000 foreclosure filings occurred in January .
That means at this rate we will see 912,000 foreclosure filings in one state alone .
Keep in mind that we have yet to see the most toxic loans come to fruition yet and they will be hitting at full force this year .
By no means we are not out of the woods .
This will take a very long time to work through .
If you enjoyed this post click here to subscribe to a complete feed and stay up to date with today ’s challenging market !
Excel export styling examples
21st May 2020
Button 's Excel export does over styling options , but it is n't particularly trivial to use .
Thankfully Paul Jones has put together an excellent resource to help with this though !
It shows the code to use for a set of Excel export examples .
Clancy Chassay investigates claims from three brothers that the Israeli military used them as human shields during the invasion of Gaza guardian .
co.uk
The Guardian has compiled detailed evidence of alleged war crimes committed by Israel during the 23 - day offensive in the Gaza Strip earlier this year , involving the use of Palestinian children as human shields and the targeting of medics and hospitals .
A month - long investigation also obtained evidence of civilians being hit by fire from unmanned drone aircraft said to be so accurate that their operators can tell the colour of the clothes worn by a target .
The testimonies form the basis of three Guardian films which add weight to calls this week for a full inquiry into the events surrounding Operation Cast Lead , which was aimed at Hamas but left about 1,400 Palestinians dead , including more than 300 children .
The Israeli Defence Forces ( IDF ) refused to respond directly to the allegations made against its troops , but issued statements denying the charges and insisted international law had been observed .
The latest disclosures follow soldiers ' evidence published in the Israeli press about the killing of Palestinian civilians and complaints by soldiers involved in the military operation that the rules of engagement were too lax .
Amnesty International has said Hamas should be investigated for executing at least two dozen Palestinian men in an apparent bout of score - settling with rivals and alleged collaborators while Operation Cast Lead was under way .
Human rights groups say the vast majority of offences were committed by Israel , and that the Gaza offensive was a disproportionate response to Hamas rocket attacks .
Since 2002 , there have been 21 Israeli deaths by Hamas rockets fired from Gaza , and during Operation Cast Lead there were three Israeli civilian deaths , six Israeli soldiers killed by Palestinian fire and four killed by friendly fire .
" Only an investigation mandated by the UN security council can ensure Israel 's co-operation , and it's the only body that can secure some kind of prosecution , " said Amnesty 's Donatella Rovera , who spent two weeks in Gaza investigating war crime allegations .
" Without a proper investigation there is no deterrent .
The message remains the same : ' It 's OK to do these things , there wo n't be any real consequences ' . "
Some of the most dramatic testimony gathered by the Guardian came from three teenage brothers in the al - Attar family .
They describe how they were taken from home at gunpoint , made to kneel in front of Israeli tanks to deter Hamas fighters from firing , and sent by Israeli soldiers into Palestinian houses to clear them .
" They would make us go first so if any fighters shot at them the bullets would hit us , not them , " 14 - year - old Al 'a al - Attar said .
Medics and ambulance drivers said they were targeted when they tried to tend to the wounded ; sixteen were killed .
According to the World Health Organisation , more than half of Gaza 's 27 hospitals and 44 clinics were damaged by Israeli bombs .
In a report released today , a medical human rights group said there was " certainty " that Israel violated international humanitarian law during the war , with attacks on medics , damage to medical buildings , indiscriminate attacks on civilians and delays in medical treatment for the injured .
" We have noticed a stark decline in IDF morals concerning the Palestinian population of Gaza , which in reality amounts to a contempt for Palestinian lives , " said Dani Filc , chairman of Physicians for Human Rights Israel .
The Guardian gathered testimony on missile attacks by Israeli drones against clearly distinguishable civilian targets .
In one case a family of six was killed when a missile hit the courtyard of their house .
Israel has not admitted using drones but experts say their optical equipment is good enough to identify individual items of clothing worn by targets .
The Geneva convention makes it clear medical staff and hospitals are not legitimate targets and forbids involuntary human shields .
The army responded to the claims .
" The IDF operated in accordance with rules of war and did the utmost to minimise harm to civilians uninvolved in combat .
The IDF 's use of weapons conforms to international law , " it said .
The IDF said an investigation was under way into allegations hospitals were targeted .
It said Israeli soldiers were under orders to avoid harming medics , but : " However , in light of the difficult reality of warfare in the Gaza Strip carried out in urban and densely populated areas , medics who operate in the area take the risk upon themselves . "
Use of human shields was outlawed by Israel 's supreme court in 2005 after a string of incidents .
The IDF said only Hamas used human shields by launching attacks from civilian areas .
An Israeli embassy spokesman said any claims were suspect because of Hamas pressure on witnesses .
" Anyone who understands the realities of Gaza will know these people are not free to speak the truth .
Those that wish to speak out cannot for fear of beatings , torture or execution at the hands of Hamas , " the spokesman said in a written statement .
However , the accounts gathered by the Guardian are supported by the findings of human rights organisations and soldiers ' testimony published in the Israeli press .
An IDF squad leader is quoted in the daily newspaper Ha'aretz as saying his soldiers interpreted the rules to mean " we should kill everyone there [ in the centre of Gaza ] .
Everyone there is a terrorist . "
• This article was updated on Tuesday March 24 2009 to reflect changes made for the first edition of the Guardian newspaper .
Astronomy Picture of the Day Discover the cosmos !
Each day a different image or photograph of our fascinating universe is featured , along with a brief explanation written by a professional astronomer .
2009 March 9
Kepler 's Streak
Credit & Copyright : Ben Cooper
Explanation : Streaking skyward , a Delta II rocket carries NASA 's Kepler spacecraft aloft into the clear night of March 6 .
The dramatic scene was recorded in a time exposure from the crowded pier in Jetty Park at the northern end of Cocoa Beach , Florida , about 3 miles from the Cape Canaveral launch site .
Kepler 's mission is to search for Earth - like planets orbiting in the habitable zone of other stars .
A planet orbiting within a star 's habitable zone would have a surface temperature capable of supporting liquid water , an essential ingredient for life as we know it .
To find Earth - like planets , Kepler 's telescope and large , sensitive camera will examine a rich star field near the plane of our Milky Way Galaxy .
Located in the constellation Cygnus , Kepler 's field of view will allow it to monitor the brightness of many stars in the solar neighborhood and detect a slight dimming as a potential Earth - like planet crosses in front of the star .
Karl Bishop stabbed Rob Knox five times A man who repeatedly stabbed 18 - year - old Harry Potter actor Rob Knox outside a bar in south - east London has been found guilty of murder .
Karl Bishop , 22 , attacked the actor , from Swanley , Kent , after a fight outside the Metro Bar in Sidcup .
Mr Knox was stabbed five times as he defended his brother Jamie from Bishop , the court had heard .
Five people were also injured in the fight in May 2008 .
Bishop , of Sidcup , will be sentenced at the Old Bailey on Thursday .
Mr Knox played the part of Marcus Belby in the film Harry Potter And The Half - Blood Prince and had been promised a part in the next Harry Potter film .
Bishop , whose face was " screwed up with rage " , armed himself with two kitchen knives and lashed out at the victim and his friends , witnesses said .
He was taken in the most cruel way possible
Mother Sally Knox
Parents ' impact statements in full Parents Sally and Colin Knox sat through the trial and , after the verdicts , they told the court of the devastation caused to their lives .
Mrs Knox said in a statement read to the court : " As a mother and parent , I can never forgive the person responsible for taking my son Robert 's life , or the devastation that has been caused by these actions .
" His life was stolen , taken without permission .
" He was taken in the most cruel way possible . "
Mr Knox said it was hard knowing he never had a chance to say goodbye to his son .
The last time he saw him was at the chapel of rest in hospital .
" He looked asleep .
So I told myself that he was only sleeping and that the angels will take him to heaven .
" If anyone earned a place in heaven , it was Rob . "
Bishop had denied murder and five counts of wounding .
' Going to die '
Giving evidence at the trial , he said he had been " very angry " as a child and attended anger management courses .
He was expelled from school and began getting into trouble with the police for criminal damage from the age of about 14 , he said .
Speaking about the incident , he said he was acting in self - defence as he was under attack from the crowd at the pub and never meant to hurt anyone .
But the prosecution described Bishop as a person who " carries knives like others carry pens in their pockets " .
TEENAGE DEATHS
Full list of teenagers violently killed in the UK since January 2008 Bishop was acting " in revenge " as he had come off worst in a fight with Mr Knox and his friends the week before the killing , and again earlier that same night , before going home to arm himself with two kitchen knives .
Following the first confrontation between Bishop and the actor , the killer had warned : " I 'm going to come back next week and someone 's going to die , " the court heard .
He harassed a girl at the pub on the day of the stabbing before confronting Jamie Knox .
When Rob Knox heard about this he and his friends came out and surrounded Bishop .
' Vicious attack '
Bishop was also convicted of wounding the actor 's friends Dean Saunders , 23 , and Andrew Dormer , 17 , and wounding with intent to cause grievous bodily harm to Charlie Grimley , 17 , and Nicky Jones , 20 .
He was found not guilty of wounding another friend , Tom Hopkins , 19 .
Outside of the court , Det Ch Insp Damian Allain said Bishop had " shown no remorse " .
" Rob Knox was a talented , popular young man with a promising career .
" Karl Bishop was a violent man with previous convictions who deliberately armed himself with two knives , carrying out a vicious and unnecessary attack . "
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Advertisement
Bookmark with : Delicious
Digg
reddit
Facebook
StumbleUpon
What are these ?
E-mail this to a friend Printable version
A California family will be torn apart this Friday as Shirley Tan is deported back to the Philippines , leaving behind her partner of 23 years Jay Mercado and her twelve - your - old twin sons .
As reported in the San Jose Mercury News …
It ’s hard when they are breaking up families , ” said a tearful Mercado , as she sat next to Tan in the house the couple owns overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
“ Why ca n’t they just leave us alone ?
Just because I am not a man , that I cannot petition her ( for a green card ) , they are punishing us . ”
“ The thing is , ” Tan said , “ it ’s not only me who they are punishing .
It is mainly my kids , because they are innocent .
They are the ones suffering . ”
If deported , Tan will be banned from entering the U.S. for 10 years .
Mercado is prepared to leave her job and home behind to keep the family together in the Philippines .
Rep. Jackie Speier ( D - CA - 12 ) , co-sponsor of the Uniting American Families Act ( UAFA ) and representing the couple ’s district said this of the situation ( from Immigration Equality ) …
“ Shirley Tan ’s unacceptable situation is just one example of why Congress must pass immigration equality legislation .
The Uniting American Families Act , which I co-sponsored , will allow lesbian and gay Americans to sponsor their permanent partners for residency in the United States …
In the near term , I am confident that any official who examines the facts in Shirley Tan ’s case will come to the conclusion that this hard - working mother of two should not be sent to a country where she has no support network and was the victim of a horrific act of violence . ”
The White House also confirmed their support for UAFA this week through spokesman Shin Inouye who said “ The President thinks Americans with partners from other countries should not be faced with a painful choice between staying with their partner or staying in their country .
We will work closely with Congress to craft comprehensive immigration reform legislation . ”
Of course not everyone is so supportive …
“ I ’ve Got a simple answer for both of you lesbians , instead of trying to change our laws , just take your two sons with you , nobody will be suffering then .
And do n’t let that 747 plane door smack on your rear - ends , on your way to Manila ! ” — The Mark Chamot Report
Hopefully opinions such of as Mark Chamot ’s are in the minority .
Since Congress is going into recess next week , we should make every effort to meet with our representatives and let them know we can no longer allow families like this to be split apart by supporting the Uniting American Families Act .
The Immigration Forum has made a toolkit available detailing how to schedule meetings with your local representative .
Read more on the personal story of Shirley Tan and Jay Mercado .
Post by ILO on 03/29/09 at 1:16 am
Please turn on JavaScript .
Media requires JavaScript to play .
Egyptian archaeologists have found more than 20 mummies in a burial chamber dating back at least 2,600 years .
Christian Fraser reports .
SAFFORD , Ariz .
 Savana Redding still remembers the clothes she had on  black stretch pants with butterfly patches and a pink T - shirt  the day school officials here forced her to strip six years ago .
She was 13 and in eighth grade .
An assistant principal , enforcing the school ’s antidrug policies , suspected her of having brought prescription - strength ibuprofen pills to school .
One of the pills is as strong as two Advils .
The search by two female school employees was methodical and humiliating , Ms. Redding said .
After she had stripped to her underwear , “ they asked me to pull out my bra and move it from side to side , ” she said .
“ They made me open my legs and pull out my underwear . ”
Ms. Redding , an honors student , had no pills .
But she had a furious mother and a lawyer , and now her case has reached the Supreme Court , which will hear arguments on April 21 .
Popular online video web site Hulu has gained major traction in the past year , thanks in part to integration with popular , cutting edge apps like Boxee .
As of Friday , Hulu on Boxee ( and TV.com ) is no more .
Advertisement
As consumers of streaming video , this news is annoying .
Applications like Boxee push what we can do with internet video to the limits , taking something like Hulu — which for most lives on computer monitors — and integrating it into our living rooms .
The ads are still in Hulu videos on Boxee , so it 's difficult to appreciate the reasoning behind this move , other than to stunt the growth of apps like Boxee while Hulu 's content providers play catch up .
Both Boxee and Hulu have posts on their respective blogs addressing the issue .
Hulu does a lot of hemming and hawing over " doing hard things , " and it's hard not to believe that the developers of Hulu would love nothing more than to see their product flourish everywhere .
But their hands are tied by the content providers , media companies that have always been terrified by changes in methods of content distribution .
Streaming , ad - supported content will be back in our living rooms eventually , to be sure , whether it 's coming from Hulu or not .
It 's just frustrating that consumers have to take two steps back while they wait .
Advertisement
the Hulu situation [ boxee blog ]
Doing hard things [ Hulu Blog ]
* U.S. judge rules against prosecutor in “ sexting ” case
* ACLU applauds decision
* Ruling may spur abuse of legal system - prosecutor
PHILADELPHIA , March 30 ( Reuters ) - A U.S. judge on Monday barred a Pennsylvania prosecutor from filing child pornography charges against three teenage girls caught with sexually suggestive pictures of themselves on their cell phones .
U.S. District Judge James Munley said he was issuing a restraining order on Wyoming County District Attorney George Skumanick because his proposed action would violate freedom of speech and parental rights .
The ruling came after the American Civil Liberties Union sued Skumanick on behalf of the girls and their families .
“ The court agrees with the plaintiffs that the public interest would be served by issuing a TRO ( temporary restraining order ) in this matter as the public interest is on the side of protecting constitutional rights , ” the judge said .
The case has attracted national attention and revolves around the growing practice among teens of “ sexting , ” a play on the term texting , in which nude or semi-nude photos are sent on cell phones or posted on the Internet .
The pictures , found last fall by officials of Pennsylvania ’s Tunkhannock School District , showed two of the girls wearing bras , and another standing topless with a wrapped towel around her waist .
No sexual activity was displayed .
Other unidentified people distributed the pictures .
Last month Skumanick told the girls and 17 other students that he would charge them with possessing or distributing child pornography , which is a felony , unless they agreed to probation and participated in a “ re-education ” program .
All but three agreed to his demands , setting the stage for the lawsuit .
Witold Walczack , legal director of the ACLU of Pennsylvania , welcomed the legal decision .
“ This country needs to have a discussion about whether prosecuting minors as child pornographers for merely being impulsive and naive is the appropriate way to address the serious consequences that can result from sexting , ” he said .
But Skumanick said it could encourage potential defendants to use the federal court system to evade state charges .
“ My big fear is setting the precedent that would allow criminals in the state system seeking protecting in the federal system . ”
Skumanick said .
When asked if he would appeal , he said was studying the opinion .
A national survey last fall found 20 percent of teenagers said they have sent or posted online nude or semi-nude pictures of themselves , and 39 percent said they have sent or posted sexually suggestive messages , according to the National Campaign to Prevent Teen and Unplanned Pregnancy .
( Editing by Paul Simao )
No One Belongs Here More Than You : A Review
Here is how to be a good reviewer of books : imagine that instead of the author writing the book , they were just attempting to communicate the sense of the book to you directly , say as you are passing one another on the street .
By this standard , a beginner 's story would resemble a three - year - old recounting an incoherent dream and ignoring the fact that you 've drifted into monosyllables , ignoring your louder and louder excuses , your taps on your watch .
A Tao Lin piece would be similar to this , only the three - year - old would be staring into your eyes , saying things that he knows , with a preternatural cunning and awareness of Adult Affairs , will upset you and cause you to miss sleep .
Jonathan Franzen : a man who apologizes , who says that he can't give you a dollar right now , who knows that you need it for the bus , but he also needs that dollar to buy coffee or he 's going to have a totally bad day .
Phillip Roth : a man who comes up behind you and begins saying faster and faster MOVE ASIDE MOVE ASIDE MOVE ASIDE MOVE ASIDE until by God you move aside .
Don DeLillo is my favorite .
Don DeLillo is like an old writing teacher of mine .
I would say something to her : " gender identity disorder is a mental illness according to the DSM - IV " or something , and she would say " Oh " or " Huh " and frown and fall into silence until I doubted the validity of what I had said , doubted the validity of everything I had ever said , and then she would turn back to me and respond to the story in a terrifying and oblique way : " Once I visited a triage ward for lesbian mental patients in the thirties , and there were tic - tac - toe boards scratched into the walls . "
It would not be a direct response to what I had said , but it would be somehow inspired by what I had said .
All communication would be faulty , would fail to connect , but there would be this understanding that some attempt at communication was required .
There would be this understanding that another person was present , that writing and reading fiction means that you owe a college try to one another .
This is what reading Don DeLillo makes me think of and I suspect that it 's the best that fiction writers are normally capable of as human beings .
The point , I think , is that fiction writers are terrible people who view other people with some mixture of hate , fear , obligation and condescension .
This is the Four Humors Theory of writers .
But then there is Miranda July , who seems to actually like people , who seems able to express that like for people without condescension .
This is alarming and rare .
I am not sure that I like this quality .
This is what previously bothered me about Tao Lin : it was obvious on reading ( or whatever combination of letters it was ) that mainstream Serious Literature was going to have to go in this direction , and it 's silly to dispute that .
What disappointed me so much about Tao Lin 's book was that I thought he was missing some fundamental sense of responsibility , some fundamental sense that what we do when we write fiction is attempt to interact with other human beings somehow - - or rather that he had that sense , but considered sociopathy to be the highest form of human interaction .
It is very , very depressing to realize that someone has developed a cool literary style for the sake of presenting a world devoid of all value or meaning or even basic coherence , and it's more depressing to realize that someone believes that this is actually the only valid moral choice open to a writer .
How great , then , to realize that Miranda July does what Tao Lin does but better .
Like Tao Lin , she knows how people actually think these days and she is n't embarrassed by that .
Unlike Tao Lin , she 's capable of showing that the way people actually think these days is both terrible and wonderful , depending on context , much like the way people actually think in any other days .
We read seeeerious fiction because we need to be reminded that human life is worth living .
Most people do n't provide that service ; Miranda July does .
There are problems .
She 's overly precious enough of the time to make me worry , and a number of the lines or scenes seem either half - assed ( " I wonder if Ruth said " partner " because they are lesbians .
Of course they are , and the paralyzed woman is probably running for governor , too .
I cry harder .
I 'd totally vote for her . " ) or like ideas that would play better on film ( like the entirety of " The Swim Team , " a story about swimming lessons — in someone 's kitchen !
What a quirky world view ! )
But if someone 's just basically a good writer who takes writing seriously , who 's not going to rip you off and waste your time , and who 's also fantastically talented , these kinds of problems do n't matter .
If you feel like someone is your friend , it does n't matter if they order french fries with gravy and they start eating these twenty minutes before you get your food .
Good reviews are less fun to read than bad ones so I 'll probably just finish with a list of what I liked about various stories in this book .
I thought that this was going to be a story about a quirky girl who's " different " and " artsy " and who leads a more meaningful life than her staid " normal " neighbors .
It was , and then it turned into a story about how the quirky girl is so wrapped up in looking at photos of children on the neighbors ' refrigerator that she lets a her neighbor potentially die in an epileptic fit .
****/**** for effectively damning my generation .
This was written for / published in McSweeney 's Quarterly originally and it shows , but you have to like a story where the entire dramatic weight hinges on learning more than halfway through the narrator is forty - six .
I like how I guessed the plot twist pretty much immediately but was still surprised by the story .
This was just amazing ; if the rest of the stories were just reprinted Dio lyrics this book would still be worth buying on the strength of this story .
I like that it recognizes cockroaches as the mortal terror they are and I like that even though the ending is completely unsatisfying I do n't care because I just wanted these characters ' horrible heartbreaking problems to be over , for them to be able to relax for a little while out from under my eyes .
I thought I was going to hate this when Madeleine L'Engle showed up , but it 's another highlight , and along with " The Shared Patio " is a pretty good indictment of a generational attitude .
In general , I like that Miranda July can get away with being precious ; I like that her preciousness ultimately does n't matter in the same way that J.D. Salinger 's creepy middle - late - period mysticism ultimately does n't matter .
I like that she 's easily able to walk the line between making people appear worse than they are and making them appear better than they are .
I like that she recognizes that there 's a serious point to fiction , that she 's not striving for a cool ironic aesthetic but that she actually seems upset when her characters are upset , that she can actually identify the invisible true things in the world and make them seem fresh .
I like that she can do this despite being some kind of goddamned multi-media artist .
Modern short story writing as it stands is a tough racket ; you are n't going to make any money at it , few people read it , and it takes a strong will to continue using your time outside of paid work to write fiction for effectively no worldly reward beyond contributor 's copies , a resume dent , and of course your own inscrutable joys and answers .
Despite this , there is also a dearth of really , really good short story writing ; the ratio is easily 1,000:1 , bad to good .
Of the good , most of the stories are one - note jokes extended for the length of a plot , or stories that struck the editors of whatever publication as personally relevant , or something politically striking , or something that resembles a good story so much that you 're afraid not to accept it .
It can be difficult to maintain hope : not that you 'll never see a good story again , because of course you will .
It can be difficult to maintain hope that you 'll see someone point out a new direction to go in , one that you 'd actually want to go in .
It 's rare that you see someone do right by your generation , and Miranda July does .
On the heals of the dissolution of Iceland ’s ruling government , incoming government officials appear to be on the verge of revoking a five - year extension to whaling of fin and minke whales passed just last week by the outgoing government .
Steingrimur Sigfusson , the Minister of both Finance and Fisheries for the Icelandic government , told a news conference on Tuesday :
“ We agreed in a government meeting this morning to send a formal warning out to those with vested interests in whaling , saying that the recent decision of the ex-minister of fisheries about increasing the whaling quota for the next five years is now being reconsidered . ”
[ social_buttons ]
In one of its final acts before stepping down over the country ’s mounting economic crisis , the center - right government of Prime Minister Geir Haarde announced last week that it would allow whaling of fin and minke whales for another five years .
The announcement sparked an uproar in the conservation community , particularly from vocal Sea Shepherd Conservation Society founder Paul Watson , who encouraged an economic boycott .
“ We ’re going to say to people around the world to not buy Icelandic vodka , sweaters , and fish , to not go as tourists to Iceland and to not use Iceland as a refueling station for private jets , ” said Watson from his boat , The Steve Irwin , in the waters of the Southern Ocean .
Iceland is one of the few countries left that occasionally shows interest in hunting whales , and they are no stranger to the intervention of Watson and the Sea Shepherds .
In 1986 , the anti-whaling group sunk half of Iceland ’s whaling fleet while docked at Reykjavik harbor , claiming the destruction of the ships was the reason the whaling industry in Iceland stalled for 20 years .
Image : CC licensed by flickr user wili_hybrid
By John Aloysius Farrell , Thomas Jefferson Street blog
The self - righteousness among Republicans on the issue of government spending is rank and overwhelming .
The GOP is acting as if federal spending is a Democratic monopoly .
So let 's go to the videotape .
Or , rather , the Congressional Record , where we find the list of earmarks in the omnibus spending bill and discover that — wait for it — three of the top five earmarking senators are Republicans .
Yes sir .
The Taxpayers for Common Sense group has listed the senators by the number of earmarks they introduced as individuals , and in collaboration with other senators .
In both categories , Republicans did quite well — especially those southern rascals who , no doubt , will be on the stump two years from now campaigning against Democratic spending .
Republican Sen . Thad Cochran of Mississippi tops the list , with $ 470 million in earmarks for himself and his colleagues .
Next up is Cochran 's seatmate — Republican Roger Wicker , hitting the scales at $ 390 million .
Two Democrats — Mary Landrieu of Louisiana and Tom Harkin of Iowa — come in at Nos. 3 and 4 , before Republican David Vitter of Louisiana rounds out the top five .
Of the top 10 , six are Republicans .
When measured by individual earmarking , Democrat Bob Byrd of West Virginia rises to the No. 1 position , but three in the top five are from the GOP , including Richard Shelby of Alabama at No. 2 , just a few million dollars behind Byrd .
This informs us that Republicans are as fond of pork as Democrats .
But it also tells us something else .
See a pattern here ?
Alabama . Mississippi . Louisiana .
West Virginia .
These are among our smaller , poorer states .
Maybe , just maybe , these senators — Democrats and Republicans — are doing something laudable with these evil , evil earmarks .
Maybe they are helping the poorer folks among us with some extra economic development programs , and jobs .
Keeping folks off welfare , and kids in school .
Just a thought .
On Facebook ?
You can keep up with Thomas Jefferson Street blog postings through Facebook 's Networked Blogs .
NEW YORK ( Reuters ) - American International Group
Inc is close to a deal with the U.S. government that would ease the terms of its bailout , provide a further equity commitment and help it pay down debt , a person familiar with the matter said on Saturday .
American International Group Inc. ( AIG ) corporate headquarters in New York , November 10 , 2008 .
REUTERS / Mike Segar
The revision would be the latest sign of how federal regulators are having to tweak bailout packages for financial institutions deemed too big to fail as the economy and markets worsen .
The board of the troubled insurer is due to meet on Sunday to vote on the deal , which could be announced when AIG reports its quarterly results on Monday , the source said .
That would be just days after the government agreed to boost its equity stake in Citigroup Inc to as much as 36 percent in a bid to bolster another financial giant that taxpayers had already poured billions of dollars into .
The revised AIG agreement is expected to include an additional equity commitment of about $ 30 billion , more lenient terms on an existing preferred investment , and a lower interest rate on a $ 60 billion government credit line , the source said .
The new equity commitment would give AIG the ability to issue preferred stock to the government at a later date , the source said .
The London Interbank Offered Rate floor on the interest rate AIG pays on the government ’s credit line is expected to be removed under the new terms , which would save the insurer about $ 1 billion a year , the source said .
The company currently pays 3 percentage points above Libor .
AIG will also give the U.S. Federal Reserve ownership interests in American Life Insurance ( Alico ) , which generates more than half of its revenue from Japan , and Hong Kong - based life insurance group American International Assurance Co ( AIA ) in return for reducing its debt , the source said .
The insurer had been trying to sell Alico and a part of AIA in a bid to raise money to pay back the government .
AIG may also securitize some U.S. life insurance policies and give them to the government to further reduce its debt , the source said .
Last year , AIG said it plans to sell all assets except its U.S. property and casualty business , foreign general insurance and an ownership interest in some foreign life operations , to pay back the government .
While the company has announced some sales , it has been difficult for it to find buyers and get a good price for assets amid the financial crisis .
Credit for deals remains difficult to arrange due to the crisis and many would - be buyers are struggling with their own problems .
Both the Federal Reserve , and AIG , once the world ’s largest insurer by market value , declined to comment .
MASSIVE LOSS
A new deal would come as the insurer struggles to sell assets amid the financial crisis and prepares to post the largest quarterly loss in corporate history .
AIG is expected to post a roughly $ 60 billion fourth - quarter loss on Monday , produced in large part by write - downs on certain tax assets and commercial mortgage backed securities , the source said .
The loss -- which works out to about $ 460,000 per minute -- is mostly non-cash , the source said .
The revised bailout would allow the insurer to avoid a credit ratings downgrade that could have had serious ramifications on the insurer ’s liquidity and hurt its businesses , the source said .
Customers could , for instance , cancel their insurance policies if a minimum rating was no longer satisfied .
AIG , which counted 74 million customers at the end of 2007 , has said it has also been losing business and finding it harder to win new clients since it was first rescued in September after bad mortgage bets left it on the verge of collapse .
The government stepped in at the time with an $ 85 billion bailout and subsequently offered additional financing , bringing the support up to $ 123 billion .
Then in November , the government had to revise its bailout package , raising its aid further , to about $ 150 billion .
Good evening , and thank you for inviting me to speak to you .
I am sure that , both in your academic studies and your practical experience , each of you has come to appreciate the rapid pace of change in the financial industry and the increasing complexity of that industry .
My remarks will focus on an area that is evolving particularly quickly : the field of risk management .
As you know , contemporary banking organizations are exposed to a diverse set of market and nonmarket risks , and the management of risk has accordingly become a core function within banks .
Banks have invested in risk management for the good economic reason that their shareholders and creditors demand it .
But bank supervisors , such as the Federal Reserve , also have an obvious interest in promoting strong risk management at banking organizations because a safe and sound banking system is critical to economic growth and to the stability of financial markets .
Indeed , identifying , assessing , and promoting sound risk - management practices have become central elements of good supervisory practice .
The evolution of risk management as a discipline has thus been driven by market forces on the one hand and developments in banking supervision on the other , each side operating with the other in complementary and mutually reinforcing ways .
Banks and other market participants have made many of the key innovations in risk measurement and risk management , but supervisors have often helped to adapt and disseminate best practices to a broader array of financial institutions .
And at times , supervisors have taken the lead , for example , by identifying emerging issues through examinations and comparisons of peer institutions or by establishing guidelines that codify evolving practices .
The interaction between the private and public sectors in the development of risk - management techniques has been particularly extensive in the field of bank capital regulation , especially for the banking organizations that are the largest , most complex , and most internationally active .
The current system of bank capital standards is the so - called Basel I framework , which was established internationally in 1988 .
Basel I was an important advance that resulted in higher capital levels , a more equitable international marketplace and -- most relevant to my theme this evening -- closer links between banks ' capital holdings and the risks they take .
However , as I will discuss , Basel I is becoming increasingly inadequate for our largest and most complex organizations .
The activities of these organizations demand that we not only go beyond Basel I but that we continue to improve on today 's most advanced methods of risk management .
Thus , in the proposed new framework , known as Basel II , supervisors are seeking to draw upon industry best practice while also encouraging the industry to advance the risk - management frontier .
The Evolution in Risk - Management Practices
Risk - management practices and bank supervision have both evolved over their long histories , but innovations in information technology and in financial markets have caused the pace of change to increase significantly over the past two decades .
In particular , the management of market risk and credit risk has become increasingly sophisticated .
Market Risk
For example , in the area of market risk , advances in data processing have enabled more analytically advanced and more comprehensive evaluations of the interest rate risks associated with individual transactions , portfolios , and even entire organizations .
Institutions of all sizes now regularly apply concepts such as duration , convexity , and option - adjusted spreads in the context of analyses that ten years ago would have taxed the processing capabilities of all but a handful of large institutions .
From the perspective of bank management and stockholders , the availability of advanced methods for managing interest rate risk leads to a more favorable risk - return tradeoff .
For supervisors , the benefit is a greater resilience of the banking system in the face of a risk that figured prominently in some past episodes of banking problems .
Other market risks are those inherent in trading and dealer activities .
The management of such risks has also advanced significantly , in large part as a result of the growth and development of over - the - counter derivatives markets .
Critical concepts such as value - at - risk and stress testing were pioneered and then became standard practice during the 1990s , advances that , again , were facilitated by the growth of computing power in that decade .
Over the past few decades , banks ' management of their capital - market risks has evolved from simple methods like the imposition of fixed position limits to increasingly sophisticated techniques that make use of extensive data analyses and a variety of new financial instruments .
Supervisors have encouraged the continuous improvement of banks ' systems for managing market risk by emphasizing that bankers bear responsibility for understanding and managing their risk profiles and by issuing guidance that , in some cases , includes industry advances in risk management .
A case in point is the 1996 Market Risk Amendment to Basel I , in which supervisors incorporated industry innovations in the calculation of capital requirements for market risk , including the linking of capital charges to the outputs of banks ' own value - at - risk models .
Credit Risk
The banking industry has also made strides in managing credit risk .
Until the early 1990s , the analysis of credit risk was generally limited to reviews of individual loans , and banks kept most loans on their books to maturity .
Today , credit - risk management encompasses both loan reviews and portfolio analysis .
Moreover , the development of new technologies for buying and selling risks has allowed many banks to move away from the traditional book - and - hold lending practice in favor of a more active strategy that seeks the best mix of assets in light of the prevailing credit environment , market conditions , and business opportunities .
Much more so than in the past , banks today are able to manage and control obligor and portfolio concentrations , maturities , and loan sizes , and to address and even eliminate problem assets before they create losses .
Many banks also stress - test their portfolios on a business - line basis to help inform their overall risk management .
To an important degree , banks can be more active in their management of credit risks and other portfolio risks because of the increased availability of financial instruments and activities such as loan syndications , loan trading , credit derivatives , and securitization .
For example , trading in credit derivatives has grown rapidly over the last decade , reaching $ 18 trillion ( in notional terms ) in 2005 .
The notional value of trading in credit default swaps on many well - known corporate names now exceeds the value of trading in the primary debt securities of the same obligors .
Similarly , between 1990 and 2005 , the market for loan syndications grew from $ 700 billion to more than $ 2.5 trillion , and loan trading grew from less than $ 10 billion to more than $ 160 billion .
Asset - backed securitization has also provided a vehicle for decreasing concentrations and credit risk in bank portfolios by permitting the sale of loans in the capital markets , particularly loans on homes and commercial real estate .
Risk - management principles are now ingrained in banks ' day - to - day credit allocation activities .
The most sophisticated banking organizations use risk - rating systems that characterize credits by both the probability of default and the expected loss given default .
Consistent with the principles of the Basel II accord , the largest banks evaluate credit decisions by augmenting expert judgment with quantitative , model - based techniques .
For instance , lending to individuals once relied mainly on the personal judgments of loan officers and was thus highly labor - intensive and subjective .
Today , retail lending has become more routinized as banks have become increasingly adept at predicting default risk by applying statistical models to data , such as credit scores .
Similarly , new analytical tools and techniques have made lending to corporate borrowers highly quantitative .
Among these tools are models that estimate the risk - adjusted return on capital and thus allow lenders to price relevant risks before loan origination .
Other tools include proprietary internal debt- rating models and third - party programs that use market data to analyze the risk of exposures to corporate borrowers that issue stock .
Banks have also come to appreciate the importance of independent controls within the credit review and rating process .
Innovations in technology have facilitated significant improvements in bank information systems , a development that the Basel II proposal also has encouraged .
These systems increase the ability of bank management to identify , measure , and control key characteristics of portfolio risk .
Evolution of Banking Supervision and Capital Regulation
To help fulfill their mandate to monitor and protect the safety and soundness of the financial sector , bank supervisors have consistently encouraged the development of risk management .
Through guidance and the supervisory process , they have highlighted advances in sound risk - management practices and encouraged the industry to implement them broadly and consistently .
Indeed , the four key elements of sound risk management that are widely accepted today were articulated more than a decade ago by Federal Reserve supervisors in guidance on managing derivatives activities and interest - rate risk .
Those four elements are , first , good corporate governance -- that is , active oversight by the board and senior management ; second , the consistent application of policies , procedures , and limits ; third , the use of appropriate risk - measurement techniques and reporting ; and , fourth , the adoption of comprehensive internal controls .
Since the mid-1990s , Federal Reserve supervisors have rated banks ' risk - management capability as well as their financial condition as part of the examination process .
Last year the Federal Reserve introduced a revised rating system for bank holding companies , under which each company receives a rating specifically for the quality of its risk management .
This rating includes the four key elements of sound risk management that I just mentioned .
The increasing supervisory focus on risk - management practices has also had a large influence on the practice of bank supervision .
Traditional supervision consisted primarily of periodic assessments of loan quality .
In the early 1990s , bank supervisors began to concentrate more on the forward - looking issues of risk and whether the bank has the infrastructure to manage risks .
Under this approach , examiners focus their on - site reviews on those activities that appear to pose the greatest risk to the banking organization .
The objective is to address weaknesses in management and internal controls before financial performance suffers rather than being satisfied with identifying what went wrong after the fact .
At the heart of the modern bank examination is an assessment of the quality of a bank 's procedures for evaluating , monitoring , and managing risk , and of the bank 's internal models for determining economic capital .
These models link capital to risk - taking and help banking organizations compare risks and returns across diverse business lines and locations .
Both robust risk management and strong capital positions are critical to ensure that individual banking organizations operate in a safe and sound manner that enhances the stability of the financial system .
More generally , strong capital helps banks absorb unexpected shocks and reduces the moral hazard associated with the federal safety net .
Why Basel II ?
In introducing the concept of risk - based capital ratios , Basel I established the important principle that regulatory capital requirements should be related to risk .
At various times , of course , supervisors have also made important adjustments to the Basel I framework , such as the Market Risk Amendment mentioned earlier .
Nonetheless , advances in risk management and the increasing complexity of financial activities have prompted international supervisors to review the appropriateness of regulatory capital standards under Basel I , particularly for the largest and most complex banking organizations .
The supervisory organizations have agreed that Basel I , with its broad - brush system for setting the risk weights on various classes of bank assets , is increasingly inadequate for measuring risk and the appropriate level of capital for such firms .
For example , under Basel I , a bank 's regulatory capital requirement takes no account of the specific risk profile of its commercial loan portfolio , deterioration in asset quality , the risks of certain off - balance - sheet transactions or fee - based activities , and actions banks may take to mitigate balance sheet risks .
Supervisors recognize that some of the largest and most complex banking organizations have already moved well beyond Basel I in the sophistication of their risk management and internal capital models .
As risk - management practices continue to evolve , the gulf between the determinants of minimum regulatory capital under Basel I and what these banks actually do to manage risk will widen .
Most important , if the regulatory capital required of these organizations does not adequately reflect the risks they are actually taking , the safety and soundness of the U.S. banking system may be jeopardized .
The U.S. banking agencies have proposed the adoption of the Basel II accord because it links the risk - taking of large banking organizations to their regulatory capital in a more meaningful way than does Basel I and encourages further progress in risk management .
It does this by building on the risk - measurement and risk - management practices of the most sophisticated banking organizations and providing incentives for further improvements .
Moreover , by providing a framework to be applied consistently across banks , Basel II will make it easier for supervisors to identify banks whose capital is not commensurate with their risk levels and to evaluate emerging risks in the banking system as a whole .
Broadly , the Basel II framework encompasses three pillars .
Pillar 1 is risk - focused minimum regulatory capital requirements , pillar 2 is supervisory review , and pillar 3 is market discipline .
Under pillar 1 , the risk sensitivity of minimum risk - based capital requirements would be much greater than under the current accord .
This greater sensitivity would be achieved by linking each banking organization 's capital requirement to empirically based measures of credit and operational risk ; these measures would be determined in part by risk parameters estimated by the banks , such as a loan 's probability of default and its expected loss given default .
The methods used to construct these estimates would be subject to regulatory requirements and supervisory guidance and review , including a requirement that the risk parameters used for pillar 1 be consistent with risk assessments actually used by the bank for its internal risk management .
The pillar 1 treatment of credit risk also reflects more accurately the risk - reducing effects of guarantees , credit derivatives , and securitization , thus improving regulatory capital incentives for banks to hedge credit risks .
The incorporation of operational risk in pillar 1 is based on the recognition that , indeed , operational failures are a potentially important risk that banks should seek to minimize .
Pillar 2 of the new accord provides a consistent framework for improving supervisory assessments of capital adequacy and risk management .
Under pillar 2 , a bank would be required to maintain capital in excess of the regulatory minimums to capture the full set of risks to which the bank is exposed .
These include liquidity risk , interest rate risk , and concentration risk , none of which are reflected in pillar 1 .
Currently , U.S. banking regulators assess a bank 's overall capital adequacy as a normal part of the examination process .
But the overall quality of assessments of capital adequacy , both by supervisor and by each bank , should improve greatly under Basel II because of the expanded information that will be available from pillar 1 , from supervisory reviews under pillar 2 , and from the bank 's own analyses .
Under pillar 3 , banks will be required to disclose to the public the new risk - based capital ratios and more - extensive information about the credit quality of their portfolios and their practices in measuring and managing risk .
Such disclosures should make banks more transparent to financial markets and thereby improve market discipline .
Taken together , these three pillars provide a broad and coherent framework for linking regulatory capital to risk , for improving internal risk measurement and management , and for enhancing supervisory and market discipline at large , complex , internationally active banks .
The three pillars build on the risk - management approaches of well - managed banks and better align regulatory and supervisory practices with the way the best - run banks are actually managed .
As a result , Basel II will be better able than the current system to adapt over time to innovations in banking and markets .
In addition , Basel II sets standards for the measurement and management of risk and for related disclosures that will give banks ongoing incentives to improve their practices in these areas .
Although the Basel II framework provides the basis for modernizing the supervision of large , internationally active banks , I emphasize that it remains in many ways a work in progress .
1
Important details remain to be worked out , and much work remains to be done by both banks and supervisors to ensure that the system works as intended .
The Federal Reserve Board has only recently approved a notice of proposed rulemaking , which invites comments from interested parties on all aspects of the proposed rules .
The Federal Reserve and the other bank supervisors will review these comments carefully and will continue to consult widely .
Under current plans , the transition to the new system will be gradual -- no U.S. bank will have its capital requirement determined unconditionally by Basel II before 2012 -- and implementation will be subject to a number of safeguards .
The supervisory agencies are also committed to continued review and adjustment of the system as experience accumulates .
Proposals to Amend Basel I
Many of you here today have also been following discussions about possible changes to the existing Basel I framework , proposals known collectively as " Basel IA . "
Only the very largest banking organizations will be required ( or will choose ) to adopt the Basel II framework .
The vast majority of U.S. banks would be able to continue operating safely under Basel I as amended through the rulemaking process .
The Basel I framework has already been amended more than twenty - five times in response to changes in the banking environment .
The agencies believe that now is another appropriate time to amend the Basel I rules .
Last fall , the U.S. banking agencies issued preliminary proposals that outline suggested changes to Basel I .
In part , these proposed changes are meant to address concerns about the potential adverse competitive effects of Basel II .
The Federal Reserve takes concerns about competitive effects seriously and has conducted substantial research on the topic .
During the process to amend Basel I , we sought input from the industry and other interested parties .
In view of those concerns , regulators have proposed changes to enhance the risk sensitivity of U.S. Basel I rules ; we also remain vigilant about identifying potential competitive distortions that might be created with the introduction of Basel II .
We are also mindful that amendments to Basel I should not be too complex or too burdensome for the multitude of smaller banks to which the revised rules would apply .
That is , in amending Basel I for these institutions , we are trying to find the right balance between added risk sensitivity and regulatory burden .
That balance is not necessarily easy to find .
For example , one way to tie regulatory capital more closely to risk under Basel I would be to expand the number of factors used to determine risk weights -- for example , to include credit scores or external credit ratings .
The tradeoff is that incorporating additional risk measures is likely to increase the burden of calculating regulatory capital .
The comments received suggest that institutions differ on how best to make this tradeoff .
We will continue to evaluate this tradeoff and solicit further comments on how to proceed .
Conclusion
We expect that risk management and banking supervision will continue to develop along parallel tracks .
The Basel II framework represents an important effort by supervisors to integrate leading - edge risk management practices with the calculation of regulatory capital requirements .
The ongoing work on this framework has already led large , complex banking organizations to improve their systems for identifying , measuring , and managing their risks .
Indeed , banking organizations of all sizes have made substantial strides over the past two decades in their ability to measure and manage risks .
The banking agencies will continue to promote supervisory approaches that complement and support banks ' own efforts to enhance their risk - management capabilities .
Footnotes
1 . I addressed this theme in more detail in my recent speech Basel II : Its Promise and Its Challenges .
Return to text
Much has been written about the “ Lost Decade ” in the Japanese economy .
In the 90s they faced the same decisions we face today , and we appear to be making the same mistakes .
Today ’s featured property is a condo being offered for 55 % off its peak purchase price ; a new record for Irvine .
It is our first 2001 price rollback .
Asking Price : $ 149,900
Address : 76 Lakepines , Irvine , CA 92620
{book1}
Turning Japanese — The Vapors
I think I ’m turning Japanese
I really think so
Japan simultaneously inflated massive financial bubbles in real estate and stocks during the late 1980s .
The slow deflation of this bubble and the general economic malaise that impacted Japan during the years that followed became known as the “ Lost Decade . ”
The United States is facing a similar set of circumstances in the aftermath of the Great Housing Bubble .
So far , we have been following the same policy actions as the Japanese did .
Perhaps our officials have come to believe a Lost Decade is preferable to the next Great Depression .
Today , I want to demonstrate how easy it would be to have a similar result in our own housing market .
By lowering interest rates to artificially low levels , the Federal Reserve hopes to stabilize the housing market ; however , weaning the housing market off these subsidies will need to be a slow process to prevent real estate prices from taking another nosedive .
Gradually increasing interest rates back to long - term norms will result in an erosion of buying power that prevents price appreciation .
I want to be clear about the implications of this ; we are not looking at a decade to get back to peak prices , we are looking at a decade of stagnate prices at the bottom .
Real estate will not reach peak prices until 2032 .
The Lost Decade
The chart above shows median home prices in Irvine stabilizing at
$ 450,000 in 2010 as interest rates bottom at 4.5 % .
To calculate a median home price , I needed to make assumptions about incomes , allowable debt - to - income ratios and interest rates .
The example above uses the most recent Irvine Median Household Income Data .
At the end of 2007 , the median household income in Irvine was $ 91,101 .
Due to the recession , I have assumed this will also be the median household income at the end of 2009 .
It might be higher ; it might be lower .
The historic rate of income growth between 1980 and 2007 is 3.6 % .
I assume that median household income will again increase at this rate starting in 2010 .
By 2019 , this figure reaches $ 129,500 .
The recent bailout legislation passed by Congress is a combination of workouts and government buy - downs to get borrowers debt - to - income ratios down to 31 % .
Previous bailouts failed because they only got the borrowers debt - to - income ratios down to 38 % .
The FHA has long term records showing 31 % is as high as this ratio can go without significant increases in defaults .
I have assumed debt - to - income ratios will be limited to 31 % going forward .
Also , I have assumed 30 - year fixed - rate conventional financing ; exotic financing will not be coming back any time soon .
The Federal Reserve ’s policy of “ quantitative easing ” ( aka printing money ) , is an attempt to drive down long - term interest rates like those for home mortgages .
If the FED is successful–and for the short term they probably will be–mortgage interest rates could drop as low as 4.5 % .
The average interest rate since the early 1970s when the GSEs started keeping records is 8 % ( 7.99 % actually ) .
I further assumed interest rates will rise once this economic crisis is over from an unprecedented 4.5 % to the long term average of 8 % .
I used Microsoft Excels handy solver tool to calculate the interest rate required to keep prices stable while incomes grew .
The interest rate chart above shows interest rates going up about 35 basis points a year for 10 years .
This puts interest rates back to historic norms of 8 % .
If interest rates can be eased upward at this controlled rate , and if incomes rise again at their historic 3.6 % , prices will stabilize at $ 450,000 in 2009 , and they will stay there for 10 years .
After 2019 , incomes have caught up with 8 % interest rates , and prices begin to appreciate at 3.6 % a year to match income growth .
In my opinion , this is a realistic outcome .
Eventually interest rates have to go back up .
When this crisis is over , the money the FED is printing will cause inflation to return .
The Federal Reserve will need to raise interest rates to control inflation .
If they do this too quickly , it would take the floor out from under home prices , and despite a high level of general price inflation in the economy , house prices would resume their descent .
When you look at these charts collectively , it suggests the Federal Reserve may allow inflation at levels higher than what is normally desirable for several years after this crisis is over .
This will help the Federal Government inflate away much of the debt it is taking on with its stimulus spending , and it will keep a floor under asset prices , particularly housing .
Note that asset prices will not be increasing .
The consumer price index may increase significantly , but house prices will not budge .
Also when you consider the impact of the long - term foreclosure crisis in real estate due to the resetting of adjustable rate mortgages , the FED has incentive to keep rates as low as possible for as long as possible , and house prices have resistance to upward movement .
It is difficult to be bullish with these market conditions .
How exactly
would prices go up ?
Will interest rates stay at 4.5 % permanently ?
People can only increase their bids if lenders give
them the opportunity .
Rising incomes provides the ability to bid prices
higher , but only at the rate of rising incomes .
The long - term average
is 3.6 % , not exactly rampant appreciation .
them the opportunity .
Rising incomes provides the ability to bid prices higher , but only at the rate of rising incomes .
The long - term average is 3.6 % , not exactly rampant appreciation .
Another way people can
raise bids is if they increase their debt - to - income ratio , and lenders
must allow this in their underwriting .
With the history of defaults
with DTIs over 31 % , it does n’t seem likely that lenders will be
relaxing this parameter any time soon .
raise bids is if they increase their debt - to - income ratio , and lenders must allow this in their underwriting .
With the history of defaults with DTIs over 31 % , it does n’t seem likely that lenders will be relaxing this parameter any time soon .
Another way buyers can raise
their bids is through using exotic financing ; we all know how that
turned out last time .
I do n’t see Option ARMs going to Subprime borrowers without verified income happening again , do you ?
their bids is through using exotic financing ; we all know how that turned out last time .
I do n’t see Option ARMs going to Subprime borrowers without verified income happening again , do you ?
The final way people can raise their bids is to
settle for less .
Personally , I will not buy a tiny 1/1 condo like today ’s
featured property when I can rent a nice 3/2 SFD .
If my assumptions are correct , and if events unfold as I have outlined , prices will bottom over the next couple of years , and they will stay there for a decade while both incomes and interest rates slowly increase .
The “ Lost Decade ” that the Japanese experienced is not just realistic , it is perhaps a best - case outcome .
{book}
Asking Price : $ 149,900
Income Requirement : $ 37,475
Downpayment Needed : $ 29,980
Monthly Equity Burn : $ 1,249
Purchase Price : $ 322,000
Purchase Date : 7/12/2005
Address : 76 Lakepines , Irvine , CA 92620
Beds : 1 Baths : 1 Sq. Ft. : 932 $ / Sq. Ft. : $ 161 Lot Size : 763 Sq. Ft. Property Type : Condominium Style : Townhouse Year Built : 1977 Stories : 2 Floor : 1 View : Creek / Stream Area : Northwood County : Orange MLS# : P658271 Source : SoCalMLS Status : Active On Redfin : 173 days Unsold in 90 + days Unsold in 90 + days
Beautiful 1 Bdrm Loft Townhome Over -Looking Bubbling Brook .
Stand Alone
Fireplace in the Living Room ; Breakfast Bar and Separate Dining Area .
Assigned Carport Parking .
Walk - In Master Bdroom Closet .
Spacious Back
Patio . Full - Size Washer / Dryer Hookups .
Check out the listing price history :
Date Event Price Mar 19 , 2009 Price Changed $ 149,900 Feb 01 , 2009 Price Changed $ 215,000 Nov 07 , 2008 Price Changed $ 229,900 Sep 29 , 2008 Listed $ 265,000 Jul 12 , 2005 Sold $ 332,000 May 23 , 2001 Sold $ 163,000 Dec 03 , 1996 Sold $ 89,000 Sep 14 , 1989 Sold $ 116,000
This property was purchased for $ 332,000 on 7/12/2005 .
This is a full year before the peak , so this property might have appraised for around $ 360,000 in the summer of 2006 .
The owner used a $ 265,600 first mortgage , a $ 66,400 second mortgage , and a $ 0 downpayment .
This property is listed at 55 % off its 2005 purchase price , and it is below its 2001 sales price .
If this property sells for its asking price , and if a 6 % commission is paid , the total loss to the lender will be $ 191,094 .
Our housing market is starting to look like a Wal - Mart .
{book2}
I ’ve got your picture of me and you
You wrote “ I love you ” I wrote “ me too ”
I sit there staring and there ’s nothing else to do
Oh it ’s in color Your hair is brown
Your eyes are hazel And soft as clouds
I often kiss you when there ’s no one else around
I ’ve got your picture , I ’ve got your picture
I ’d like a million of you all round my cell
I want a doctor to take your picture
So I can look at you from inside as well
You ’ve got me turning up and turning down
And turning in and turning ’round
I ’m turning Japanese
I think I ’m turning Japanese
I really think so
Turning Japanese
I think I ’m turning Japanese
I really think so
I ’m turning Japanese
I think I ’m turning Japanese
I really think so
Turning Japanese
I think I ’m turning Japanese
I really think so
Turning Japanese — The Vapors
There was general agreement that any future federation should focus on political and legislative matters , while also serving to encourage individual unions to do more to organize workers .
The leaders of several breakaway unions have called for changing the name of the A.F.L. - C.I.O. because they had vowed never to return to the same federation .
But many A.F.L.-C.I.O. officials argue that it would be silly to alter the name of such a well - known organization and replace it with a name that few Americans are familiar with .
Labor officials said they did not discuss on Wednesday who would succeed John J. Sweeney , 74 , who is scheduled to step down this year after heading the A.F.L. - C.I.O. for 13 years .
Richard Trumka , the federation ’s secretary - treasurer and former president of the United Mine Workers , has been lobbying among union presidents to succeed Mr. Sweeney .
But some union leaders , especially those in the rival labor federation , say they want a fresh voice leading organized labor .
The reorganizing proposals that unions president have floated in recent days include a rotating presidency for the A.F.L. - C.I.O. or its successor federation , with the presidents of individual unions serving two - year terms as head of the parent federation .
One A.F.L.-C.I.O. official described that plan this way : “ The dukes want to replace the king . ”
But many officials oppose a rotating presidency , saying the parent federation needs a strong , visible president who , by dint of serving for several years , is recognized by Congress and the news media as the undisputed voice for labor .
Why is FREE !
the world 's best - selling noun , verb , adjective and adverb , yet so hard to credit as a foundation for business in the Internet Age ?
And what will happen when business folk finally grok the abundant opportunities that FREE !
provides ?
Dictionary.com lists 49 meanings for the word free .
Here in the World of Linux , there are two main ones : 1 ) the presence of liberty , 2 ) the absence of price .
Or , as Richard M. Stallman drew the distinction , free - as - in - freedom and free - as - in - beer .
Both kinds contributed enormously to the development not only of free and open source code , but to the Internet — the place where most of that code was written and on which most of it runs .
Within the Net 's vast environment is an abundance of free and open building materials , all growing in number and quality .
There is plenty of infrastructure you can pay for here , of course ( with most of the money going to your cable or phone company ) , but the Net 's nature is essentially one of abundant liberty and minimal cost .
Still , a decade and a half have passed since the first graphical browsers appeared , and most of us still barely understand what all this freedom and abundance does -- and can do -- for our economy .
The Internet itself could hardly be more widely used yet less well - understood .
Here we have a form of infrastructure that embodies both free - as - in - freedom and free - as - in - beer , that has much in common with the purely public goods we call gravity , sunlight and atmosphere , and is still seen by those who bill us for it as a valved " service " , on par with call waiting and premium TV channels .
Way back in the Web's Paleozoic , I wrote my first piece for Linux Journal ( actually for its short - lived sister / insert , WEBsmith ) .
It was titled " A Bulldozer Through The Intersection " .
The title played off a Newt Gingrich line : " The key to a monopoly is to get in the middle of an intersection and charge rent . "
Today no sentiment could hardly be more Old Skool .
Yet the New Skool is barely in session .
Urges to valve abundance and package it as scarcities still run strong .
In some cases this makes sense .
It really does cost money , for example , to connect homes and businesses to the Net 's backbones , and ways must be found to pay for that .
( Not saying the carriers have found the right ways , just that they have capex and opex , both of which need to be covered , somehow . )
In other cases , such as with free and open source software , no " business model " is required .
Yet the absence of one is still hard for many to grok .
For example , all of us encounter folks in business who understand the warm and fuzzy reasons why developers write free and open code — for the esteem of peers , for example — while missing the plain practical purposes , and their cumulative effects .
This is why a mountain of free and open code has grown in our midst , and people can still say they do n't understand how you can make money with it .
They miss the central point : that you make money because of it .
Your business is not selling software .
Your business is something else that is made possible by software produced in liberty and free for the taking .
( And for you to improve , if you like . )
Several years ago Steve Larsen of Krugle ( a code search engine ) told me there were already more than half a million open source code bases in the world .
I asked Steve recently what the number is today .
He said he had no idea .
The sum is beyond estimation .
So we have an ecosystem of abundant code and scarce imagination about how to make money on top of it .
If that imagination were not scarce , we would n't need Nicholas Carr to explain utilities in clouds with The Big Switch , or Jeff Jarvis to explain how big companies get clues , in What Would Google Do ?
So , to help close that same gap , we here at Linux Journal came up with an idea for a panel at SXSW in Austin , which starts tomorrow .
The title is Rebuilding the World with Free Everything , and it'll happen at 3:30 next Tuesday , following a keynote conversation between Guy Kawasaki and Chris Anderson , Editor - in - Chief of Wired , and author of both The Long Tail and ( most significantly for our purposes ) Free : The Future of a Radical Price .
I first met Chris many years ago when he was an editor for The Economist .
Since then I 've come to know him as an economist who gets tech , a techie who gets economics , and an original thinker who breaks both molds .
Chris will be joining our panel , along with Katherine Druckman ( webmistress here at LinuxJournal ) , William Hurley of Invisisoft ( and much more ) , Dave Taylor ( of FilmBuzz , Linux Journal and intuitive.com ) , and yours truly , who will serve as the moderator .
Also joining us will be everybody in the group we used to call " the audience " .
And you : Readers here who can get a jump on the conversation .
Here are a few questions to help get us started ...
Why is it that people find " free " so hard to understand ?
What are the connections between free code and free beer ?
What are the advantages , in a crashing economy , to free ?
Yes , it 's not " free everything " , but it 's still free lots - of - stuff .
How do we decide which forms of free we take advantage of ?
How is the abundance of both free - as - in - freedom and free - as - in - beer changing the field of economics ?
What , if any , investors out there understand the opportunities with free ?
What does all this do both to the concept of " intellectual property " and what wisely can be done with it ?
Where are the engineers ( besides Google 's founders ) who have leveraged understanding both free - as - in - freedom and free - as - in - beer into big - as - in - business ?
What are some of the Big Business opportunities that are yet to be exploited by those who know the real value of free ?
More fodder :
Look forward to seeing you there — in spirit if not in the flesh .
EMERGING TECHNOLOGY
Oak Ridge explores cybots
Team works to develop collaborative intelligent agents to monitor networks
Imagine being able to deploy an army of software robots intelligent enough to cooperate with one another to monitor and defend the largest networks .
Instead of independent devices doing a single task and reporting to a central console , the cybots would collaborate to accomplish their missions .
That is the goal of the Ubiquitous Network Transient Autonomous Mission Entities program that a team of researchers is developing at Oak Ridge National Laboratory .
“ UNTAME is a distributed , intelligent framework , ” said Joe Trien of the lab ’s Computational Sciences and Engineering Division .
The prototype network supports existing commercial tools and security devices , enabling traditional point - to - point solutions to cooperate and provide situational awareness and response capabilities in near real time .
UNTAME is the product of a long - term program by the division ’s Cyber Security and Information Intelligence Research Group to develop futuristic security functionality for increasingly large , complex environments .
The cybots differ from traditional software agents in that they form a collective and are aware of the condition and activities of other cybots in the collective .
“ You give it a mission and tools to work with , such as mobility and intrusion sensors , and it uses those tools and cooperates with other cybots to accomplish the mission , ” said Lawrence MacIntyre , one of the project ’s developers .
“ A cybot is more intelligent than an agent , ” said Trien , the team ’s leader .
“ When you lose an agent , you ’ve lost it .
But a cybot is intended to work with other cybots , continue their mission or regenerate when necessary so they can pick up where one left off . ”
The advantage of an autonomous system that can work across an enterprise is clear , but it ’s not a concept that commercial product developers have embraced , MacIntyre said .
“ Most enterprise - capable solutions are centrist , ” he said .
“ They want a single point of control . ”
The concept of mobile , autonomous software is a little frightening , Trien said .
“ When you tell people you ’ve got this software that roams , the first thing they think of is a worm , ” he said .
But Trien prefers to think of UNTAME as similar to the Borg , the cyborg collective in the TV show “ Star Trek : The Next Generation ” that swept the galaxy assimilating other cultures .
But UNTAME is not malicious : Cybots are bound by their mission directives , which could include jobs such as network monitoring and discovery , intrusion detection , and data management .
So far , there is little danger of the cybots getting out of control .
“ UNTAME at this point is a prototype system , ” Trien said .
“ It has only been tested in an isolated lab network . ”
There are challenges to taking the system to the next level and demonstrating it on an operational network , Trien said .
UNTAME will need to operate with little network overhead so that it is transparent .
Someone will need to scrutinize the code until it has reached the “ almost shrink - wrapped ” stage , and the cybots must be tested to ensure that they do not do anything unexpected , he said .
“ We do n’t want to launch UNTAME on a real network and find it shuts everything down , ” Trien said .
Those activities will require more resources than the Oak Ridge group has , and the developers are hoping to find funding to advance the project .
They have been in touch with the Air Force Research Laboratory but have not yet gotten any commitments .
“ We think that with appropriate resources , we could have this out in two years , ” Trien said .
“ We ’ve spent 10 years doing this . ”
He said there is some urgency in developing UNTAME .
“ We know we can do this , ” he said .
“ That means other people can do it . ” U.S. government officials assume that other countries are working on cyber warfare capabilities .
“ If we do n’t deploy this to defend the enterprise , someone else could turn this around and use it as an offensive weapon . ”
It 's a staggering case ; more staggering still that it has scarcely been mentioned on this side of the ocean .
Last week two judges in Pennsylvania were convicted of jailing some 2,000 children in exchange for bribes from private prison companies .
Mark Ciavarella and Michael Conahan sent children to jail for offences so trivial that some of them were n't even crimes .
A 15 - year - old called Hillary Transue got three months for creating a spoof web page ridiculing her school 's assistant principal .
Ciavarella sent Shane Bly , then 13 , to boot camp for trespassing in a vacant building .
He gave a 14 - year - old , Jamie Quinn , 11 months in prison for slapping a friend during an argument , after the friend slapped her .
The judges were paid $ 2.6 m by companies belonging to the Mid-Atlantic Youth Services Corp for helping to fill its jails .
This is what happens when public services are run for profit .
It 's an extreme example , but it hints at the wider consequences of the trade in human lives created by private prisons .
In the US and the UK they have a powerful incentive to ensure that the number of prisoners keeps rising .
The US is more corrupt than the UK , but it is also more transparent .
There the lobbyists demanding and receiving changes to judicial policy might be exposed , and corrupt officials identified and prosecuted .
The UK , with a strong tradition of official secrecy and a weak tradition of scrutiny and investigative journalism , has no such safeguards .
The corrupt judges were paid by the private prisons not only to increase the number of child convicts but also to shut down a competing prison run by the public sector .
Taking bribes to bang up kids might be novel ; shutting public facilities to help private companies happens - on both sides of the water - all the time .
The Wall Street Journal has shown how , as a result of lobbying by the operators , private jails in Mississippi and California are being paid for non- existent prisoners .
The prison corporations have been guaranteed a certain number of inmates .
If the courts fail to produce enough convicts , they get their money anyway .
This outrages taxpayers in both states , which have cut essential public services to raise these funds .
But there is a simple means of resolving this problem : you replace ghost inmates with real ones .
As the Journal , seldom associated with raging anti-capitalism , observes : " Prison expansion [ has ] spawned a new set of vested interests with stakes in keeping prisons full and in building more ...
The result has been a financial and political bazaar , with convicts in stripes as the prize . "
Even as crime declines , lawmakers are pressed by their sponsors to increase the rate of imprisonment .
The US has , by a very long way , the world 's highest proportion of people behind bars : 756 prisoners per 100,000 people , just over 1 % of the adult population .
Similarly wealthy countries have around one - tenth of this rate of imprisonment .
Like most of its really bad ideas , the last Conservative government imported private jails from the US .
As Stephen Nathan , author of a forthcoming book about prison privatisation in the UK , has shown , the notion was promoted by the home affairs select committee , which in 1986 visited prisons run by the Corrections Corporation of America ( CCA ) .
When the corporation told them that private provision in the US improved prison standards and delivered good value for money , the committee members failed to check its claims .
They recommended that the government should put the construction and management of prisons out to tender " as an experiment " .
Encouraged by the committee 's report , the CCA set up a consortium in Britain with two Conservative party donors , Sir Robert McAlpine Ltd and John Mowlem & Co , to promote privately financed prisons over here .
The first privately run prison in the UK , Wolds , was opened by the Danish security company Group 4 in 1992 .
In 1993 , before it had had a chance to evaluate this experiment , the government announced that all new prisons would be built and run by private companies .
The Labour party , then in opposition , was outraged .
John Prescott promised that " Labour will take back private prisons into public ownership - it is the only safe way forward . "
Jack Straw stated that " it is not appropriate for people to profit out of incarceration .
This is surely one area where a free market certainly does not exist . "
He too promised to " bring these prisons into proper public control and run them directly as public services " .
But during his first seven weeks in office , Straw renewed one private prison contract and launched two new ones .
A year later he announced that all new prisons in England and Wales would be built and run by private companies , under the private finance initiative ( PFI ) .
Today the UK has a higher proportion of prisoners in private institutions than the US .
This is the only country in Europe whose jails are run on this model .
So has prison privatisation here influenced judicial policy ?
As we discovered during the recent lobbying scandal in the House of Lords , there 's no way of knowing .
Unlike civilised nations , the UK has no register of lobbyists ; we are not even entitled to know which lobbyists ministers have met .
But there are some clues .
The former home secretary , John Reid , previously in charge of prison provision , has become a consultant to the private prison operator G4S .
The government is intending to commission a series of massive Titan jails under PFI .
Most experts on prisons expect them to be disastrous , taking inmates further away from their families ( which reduces the chances of rehabilitation ) and creating vast warrens in which all the social diseases of imprisonment will fester .
Only two groups want them built : ministers and the prison companies - they offer excellent opportunities to rack up profits .
And the very nature of PFI , which commits the government to paying for services for 25 or 30 years - whether or not they are still required - creates a major incentive to ensure that prison numbers do n't fall .
The beast must be fed .
And there 's another line of possible evidence .
In the two countries whose economies most resemble the UK's - Germany and France - the prison population has risen quite slowly .
France has 96 inmates per 100,000 people , an increase of 14 % since 1992 .
Germany has 89 prisoners per 100,000 - 25 % more than in 1992 but 9 % less than in 2001 .
But the UK now locks up 151 out of every 100,000 inhabitants : 73 % more than in 1992 and 20 % more than in 2001 .
Yes , our politicians have barely come down from the trees , yes we are still governed out of the offices of the Daily Mail , but it would be foolish to dismiss the likely influence of the private prison industry .
This revolting trade in human lives creates a permanent incentive to lock people up : not because prison works , not because it makes us safer , but because it makes money .
Privatisation appears to have locked this country into mass imprisonment .
monbiot.com
Windows only : IKEA has released its own 3D room design tool to help you plan the modernist , clean - lined kitchen , bedroom , or workspace of your dreams .
Check out screenshots of what the Swedes have given us below .
Advertisement
IKEA 's Home Planner download site lists three separate downloads , but they all seem to be the same exact file of the same size , and feature the same planning tools .
It 's a Windows - only tool at this point ; anyone want to give it a shot in WINE on Linux or Mac and tell us how it runs ?
Here 's the Home Planner in action :
IKEA Planner Tool is a free download for Windows systems only .
Thanks empkae !
IKEA Planner Tools [ IKEA ]
LONDON ( Reuters ) - A milkman who admitted he delivered cannabis as well as pints to elderly customers to ease their aches and pains , was spared jail Friday .
The sun shines though the distinctive leave of a marijuana plant during a drug raid in the remote northern Lebombo mountains , in this May 24 , 2005 file picture .
REUTERS / Mike Hutchings
Robert Holding , 72 , from Burnley , told police he supplied the drug to 17 customers after detectives raided his home and found nearly 6 oz ( 167g ) of cannabis in an egg crate in the van he used for deliveries .
“ He said he sold the cannabis to existing customers because they were old and had aches and pains , ” said prosecutor Sarah Statham .
“ He said he sold a 9 oz ( 255g ) bar about every three weeks and sold it for a relatively cheap value .
He said that customers left him notes saying , for example , ‘ Can I have an ounce this week or can I have an eighth . ’ ”
Holding , who admitted supplying and possession of the drug at a previous hearing , was given a 36 - month prison sentence suspended for a year at Burnley Crown Court Friday , the Press Association reported .
Judge Beverley
Lunt told him the sentence was “ an act of mercy ” because he visited his wife , who has Alzheimer ’s disease , every day in a care home .
“ You were not some philanthropist helping out the elderly out of the good of your heart .
You dealt drugs for profit in a calculated way .
It was a business , ” the judge told him .
His lawyer Philip Holden said his client “ was n’t making much of a profit ” and that his oldest client was 92 .
“ Word had got out that he was a man who could supply cannabis to those of a certain age with aches and pains and he misguidedly believed he was providing a public service , ” he said .
After the verdict Holding insisted he had not made money from his drug dealing .
“ They ( the customers ) enjoyed it , they saved a lot of money while I was doing it and I only did it for a short time , ” he said .
However Neil Standage , area crown prosecutor for East Lancashire , said there was no evidence that he was only supplying elderly people with painful ailments .
“ This might make it sound like what he was doing was harmless .
It was n’t , ” he said .
BEIJING -- China plans to land Chang'e III on the moon at the soonest in 2013 , Ye Peijian , chief designer of Chang'e I , the country 's first moon probe , said here Monday .
The mission of Chang'e III is to make soft landing and probe the moon , said Ye , a member of the 11th National Committee of the Chinese People 's Political Consultative Conference ( CPPCC ) , China 's top political advisory body .
Before the mission , Chang'e II will be launched at the latest in 2011 to test key technologies of soft landing and lower technical risks , he said .
The timetable was revealed as China concluded the first phase of its three - stage moon mission with a controlled impact of Chang'e I on the moon Sunday .
Ye said China 's three - stage moon mission could be defined as " orbiting " , " landing " and " returning " .
A Chang'e IV will also be launched during the second phase , which will be concluded before 2017 , said Ye .
But he did n't detail the task of the fourth probe .
Ye said the third phase will last from 2017 to 2020 , during which China will launch recoverable moon rovers .
" Chang 'e " is named after a legendary moon goddess .
But
Ye said the recoverable moon rovers may not continue to be named after the goddess .
" The name has n't been decided yet , " he said .
China 's space program claimed a new landmark with its first space walk last year .
It is the third nation , after the US and Russia , to launch people into space .
The Evangelical Christian Publishers Association announced the winners of the 2009 Christian Book Awards on Thursday .
The winner for 2009 Christian Book of the Year ?
( Drum roll , please . )
The Bible .
Really .
I ’m shocked , I tell you .
…
How would you like to have been nominated in that category ?
“ Yay !
I ’m up for Christian Book of the Year !
I wonder what else is nomina — … Oh $ # %& ! ”
( They would n’t swear , of course …
I ’m picturing in my mind the person screaming “ Ohhhh noooooooo ” a la comedian Mike Birbiglia ( around the 2:45 mark ) . )
( Credit , left to right : Library of Congress , Associated Press , Agence France - Presse — Getty Images )
Athletes seem to swim faster , jump higher and throw farther with each passing year , so it ’s natural to expect sports records to fall like dominoes .
Yet , certain feats in sports — like the rate at which basketball players make free throws — do n’t seem to get any easier with time .
Which records will be hard , and maybe impossible , to break ?
Joltin’ Joe ’s 56
Will Carroll is a senior writer at Baseball Prospectus .
“ 56 ” will never be broken in baseball .
While 61 ( home runs in a season ) has been passed several times over , and 300 ( career wins for a pitcher ) remains hard but not impossible to reach , Joe DiMaggio ’s hitting streak looks more and more untouchable as every year goes by .
The last serious assault on the streak was Pete Rose , who fell well short .
Even
Pete would n’t bet that today ’s baseball player could make that kind of run .
While the game has changed , it ’s changed in a way that makes 56 even more untouchable .
If Ichiro ca n’t get near DiMaggio , there ’s no one in the game who can .
Here ’s a quick number for you : 204 .
That ’s how many strikeouts Mark Reynolds , the Arizona Diamondbacks third baseman , had last season .
That broke the record of the Phillies ’ Ryan Howard at 199 in 2007 .
( Howard did his best , striking out another 199 times in 2008 as the Phillies went on to the Series . )
DiMaggio never had more than 39 strikeouts in a season and in his 13 - year career , he had only 369 K’s .
That means Reynolds will pass his career strikeout mark sometime in late April … and Reynolds is just starting his third year in the league .
Even Ichiro Suzuki , a throwback to the “ choke up and avoid the strikeout ” strategy , has n’t come close .
If he ca n’t get near DiMaggio , there ’s no one in the game now that can .
56 ? Never again .
It ’s the Game That Changes
Allen St. John is author of “ Made to Be Broken : The 50 Greatest Records and Streaks in Sports History ” and , most recently , “ The Billion Dollar Game : Behind the Scenes of the Greatest Day in American Sports , Super Bowl Sunday . ”
Sports fans love records because they provide a kind of shortcut in any argument , and never so much as when it comes time to compare contemporary athletes to the legends of yesteryear .
Resolved : these guys today could n’t shine Babe Ruth ’s spikes .
The reality is that if an important record in sports endures year after year , decade after decade , impervious to every attempt to top it , it ’s not because athletes are regressing .
It ’s because the game itself has changed .
Sometimes these fundamental changes in a sport are obvious .
Why is Cy Young ’s career record of 511 wins totally untouchable ?
Because in modern baseball , pitchers have to throw harder , and there ’s no way for Johan Santana to pitch as much as Young and his contemporaries .
Athletes do n’t make evolutionary leaps in four decades .
It ’s a matter of technique .
Sometimes the changes are n’t so obvious .
Why does Joe DiMaggio ’s consecutive 56 - game hitting streak seem unassailable ?
In part because he set the record when baseball was still a segregated sport , and standout pitchers like Satchel Paige were plying their craft in the Negro Leagues .
The natural counterpoint can be found in sports like swimming , where world records seem to fall every five minutes .
How does Michael Phelps stack up against Mark Spitz ?
Spitz ’s 1972
Olympic and world record time in the 200 - meter freestyle would have been too slow to even make the men ’s field in last year ’s games .
( Photo , top to bottom : Doug Mills / The New York Times , Associated Press )
This is not to say that athletes like Phelps have made an evolutionary leap in four decades —
Darwin knew that natural selection does n’t work nearly that fast .
It ’s simply that swimming is a technique sport , and Phelps and his generation of swimmers are the beneficiaries of years of sports science and simple trial and error .
For a more reliable yardstick of athletic progress , look to the world of track and field , where Lee Evans ’ 1968 Olympic and world record in the 400 - meters remains the seventh fastest time ever , only 7/10s of a second behind Michael Johnson ’s current world record .
The reality is that , as a whole , today ’s athletes , with the benefits of better training , advanced equipment and improved sports medicine , have pulled away from their predecessors slowly but surely .
Certain sports , on the other hand , have made great leaps forward — or at least sideways .
And that , sports fans , is why some pages in the record book will continue to change at a dizzying pace , while others will likely remain the same for decades to come .
The Impossible Takes a Little While
Ray Stefani is a professor emeritus at California State University , Long Beach .
Are we reaching a plateau with sports performances ?
We know that some combination of four factors — physiology , advancements in technique , coaching and equipment — leads to improved performance .
For records to stagnate in any event , all four factors would have to stop being improved .
So what do we make of the fact that track and field performances have essentially stagnated since the 1988 Seoul Olympics ?
For example , only 32 percent of the Olympic track and field champions at Sydney in 2000 would have won in 1988 .
Similarly only 44 percent of similar champions in 2004 and 50 percent of those in 2008 would have won in Seoul .
Of course , we should remember that Ben Johnson was disqualified in 1988 , followed by a dramatic increase in drug testing .
And it has taken 20 years for reasonably clean track and field athletes to match some of the drug - tainted performances in 1988 .
But running events , even in good times , typically have only about one - third the rate of improvement of throwing and swimming events .
Usain Bolt ’s dramatic wins at Beijing were part of the renewed improvement in track and field events compared with 2004 .
Back in 1924 , some probably wondered if anyone could significantly improve upon Johnny Weissmuller ’s 67 world swimming records ( more than Michael Phelps and Mark Spitz combined ) , and he was never beaten .
In the 1924 Olympics , Weissmuller famously beat the Hawaiian father of surfing , Duke Kahanamoku , at 100 meters in a time of 59 seconds .
It would have been unbelievable to that generation that one swimmer , Oussama Mellouli of Tunisia , won the 1500 meter in Beijing in a time of 14:40.84 .
In 1924 , it would have taken a relay of 15 Weissmullers to swim the 1500 meter in 14:45 — which would still have been slower than one man in 2008 .
What the 1924 observer would have deemed impossible happened , and that effect may be true for observers from every age .
It ’s reasonable to assume that “ Citius , Altius , Fortius ” will continue to describe future athletic performance .
No Horse Like Big Red
Ray Paulick , former editor in chief of The Blood - Horse magazine , is editor and publisher of the thoroughbred racing Web site , Paulick Report .
The great Secretariat , winner of the 1973 Triple Crown , still holds several of the longest - standing horse racing records — and they could last well into the future .
Big Red still has the fastest time ever in the Kentucky Derby ( 1:59 2/5 , for the mile and one - quarter ) and Belmont Stakes ( 2:24 , for the mile and one - half ) .
The electronic timer malfunctioned in the Preakness Stakes , so there is no official time for Secretariat in that race ; his unofficial stopwatch recorded time does not count .
( Photo : Associated Press )
The closest any horse has come to his Belmont Stakes record was in 1989 with Easy Goer , who was still a full two seconds slower than Secretariat when he beat Sunday Silence in the Belmont .
Monarchos came within two - fifths of a second of his Kentucky Derby record in 2001 .
Even more amazing than Secretariat ’s final time in the Belmont was his margin of victory — 31 lengths .
The great Man o’ War won the Belmont by 20 lengths in 1920 and Count Fleet was 25 lengths best in 1943 , but no horse has come anywhere near that achievement since Secretariat ’s win .
( His son , Risen Star , won by 14 ¾ in 1988 ) .
His 31 - length margin may be the safest of all racing records .
Of course , just as a tape - measure homer only counts for one run in baseball , a huge winning margin in a horse race does n’t get you anything more than a nose victory does .
A human record from the Triple Crown is the five consecutive victories in the Belmont Stakes by horses conditioned by Hall of Fame trainer Woody Stephens , starting in 1982 with Conquistador Cielo and continuing through 1986 , when Danzig Connection gave him the win .
It would be difficult to imagine anyone ever putting together a similar streak .
What if the Greeks Had Stopwatches ?
Allen Guttmann , a professor of English and American Studies at Amherst College , is author of “ From Ritual to Record ” and 10 other sports histories .
No one in ancient times worried about how long it took before someone broke an Olympic record because no one in ancient times understood the distinctively modern concept of a sports record .
There was no way to talk about a runner ’s or a discus thrower ’s unsurpassed athletic performance because the Greeks and Romans never bothered to measure times or distances .
With one interesting exception , they never attempted to quantify athletic achievements .
And without the numbers there was no way to compare achievements from one Olympiad to another or from one place to another .
Did the winner at Olympia run the “ stade race ” ( one length of the stadium ) faster than the runner at Athens ?
No one knows and one reason no one knows is that the stadia were of different lengths ( just as all the discuses were of unstandardized weights ) .
Talk of sports records and stats only began in 17th century England with the age of Newton .
“ Man was the measure of all things ” and there was no need to measure athletic achievements .
The main exception to this view occurred in Roman chariot racing , where there was a careful count of the number of victories chalked up for every charioteer ( and for every horse ) .
But everyone knows that we are a lot more like the practical Romans than like the aesthetically inclined Greeks .
When and where did people begin to measure sports achievements and talk about records ?
In England , toward the end of the 17th century .
It is no accident that the mania for measurement came at the same time as the scientific revolution associated with the name of Sir Isaac Newton .
And once people decided to measure sports performances as well as the orbits of the planets , inventors produced the necessary instruments .
Stopwatches , for instance , were invented early in the 18th century — in order to time horse races — and from then on we were , figuratively speaking , off and running .
If there are sports anywhere in the modern world where no one calculates the “ stats ” and no one thinks about records , let me know .
Whether you are a freelancer or you work for a design agency , getting your name spread in the design community should be a top priority .
A lot of doors can be opened with a just a little networking when using the right strategy to contact the top design bloggers .
An interview or feature on a top design blog with a large existing audience of your peers can be a major ingredient for success .
Here is a list of the top 10 tips to get that design blog exposure and take you to the next level .
You may also want to check out this article on Arbent 10 No - No ’s When Contacting a Blogger ” the other half of the story .
1. ) Direct E-mail
I had to list direct e-mail as the first option because it starts the introduction .
It is the most forward and “ to the point ” way you can ask for exposure .
However , direct e-mail alone is usually not enough .
You need to perform a few of the remaining tips to earn some blog love .
2. ) Get Involved
You know your Uncle Larry who only calls when he needs a favor ?
Yeah … you screen his calls for that reason .
The same will happen in the design blog community if you have n’t spent time getting involved first .
It ’s so easy to do .
Just leave some comments on the blog and add to the conversation .
3. ) Include a Link to Your Portfolio
When leaving those comments from Tip # 2 , always link back to your personal website or portfolio so the blogger and their community can check you out .
If you ’re good enough , your work will speak for itself .
If you are e-mailing the blogger , always include links to your site or portfolio in the e-mail to give yourself added credibility .
4. ) Provide Ideas
There are many days that bloggers wake up and bang their head against the wall for hours trying to figure out the next subject to write about .
Lend them a hand and give them a good idea , and they are sure to return the favor .
5. ) Promote the Blog
Submit an article from the blog to Design Bump or Design Float and let them know how much you enjoyed it .
Flattery can go a long way .
6. ) Offer an Exchange
Do you have something that they can benefit from ?
Maybe you have expertise in a subject that they do n’t feel versed enough to write about .
That is the perfect situation for a guest post .
This is often one of the most lucrative scenarios for exposure .
7. ) Provide a Giveaway
Bloggers love to give stuff away .
Do you have some custom brushes or vector art that you do n’t mind parting with ?
Offer it to them in conjunction with a contest they are doing or as a single post for linkbait .
8. ) Do A Tutorial
Tutorials are so valuable right now that places like the Envato Network will pay you up to $ 150 for one .
Design bloggers love tutorials because their audience craves them .
9. ) Create a Blog
I should n’t have to list this one , but we are designers and not copywriters .
You can get a tricked out WordPress blog that acts as your personal website , content management system and as your blog .
10 . ) Offer a Discount
The last one does n’t apply in all situations , but if possible , give an exclusive discount .
If you sell services or products , then you can almost always count on an exclusive promo code being published on a blog .
So what are you waiting for ?
It is time to get after it .
Accomplish these 10 tips and I am sure that we ’ll all be knowing your name soon in the design community .
Advertisements
Mike Huckabee jumped all over RNC Chairman Michael Steele today for his recent comments that abortion is a matter of individual choice that should be left to the states .
Steele put out a statement clarifying that he is pro life , but Huckabee said that Steele ’s comments were a violation of basic human rights .
Steele told GQ , “ I see the power of life in that — I mean , and the power of choice !
The thing to keep in mind about it …
Uh , you know , I think as a country we get off on these misguided conversations that throw around terms that really misrepresent truth .
The choice issue cuts two ways .
You can choose life , or you can choose abortion .
You know , my mother chose life .
So , you know , I think the power of the argument of choice boils down to stating a case for one or the other .
Yeah .
I mean , again , I think that ’s an individual choice . ”
This position would represent a serious break with the party that he is supposed to lead , so he put out a statement this morning saying that he is pro-life , but that did n’t stop future presidential candidate Mike Huckabee from going ballistic .
Huckabee said in part , “ For Chairman Steele to even infer that taking a life is totally left up to the individual is not only a reversal of Republican policy and principle , but it ’s a violation of the most basic of human rights –the right to life , liberty , and the pursuit of happiness .
His statement today helps , but does n’t explain why he would ever say what he did in the first place . ”
Advertisements
The question is , is Michael Steele trying to get himself fired , or is he just that inept ?
Anyone who knows anything about politics knows that in this current environment a Republican should never associate the word choice with abortion .
Doing so is guaranteed to elicit a Pavlovian response from a segment of the GOP that sees the abortion issue as a form of American jihad .
This segment of the GOP is also Huckabee ’s base of support .
The political benefits for Huckabee here are twofold .
Right now , it is popular within a part of the Republican Party to criticize Michael Steele , but in the longer term , these comments are assured to play well with the socially conservative voters that make up a majority of Republican primary voters .
Huckabee is in competition with Sarah Palin for these votes , and with Palin ’s daughter having a baby out of wedlock , the time is right for Huckabee to make a strong move to cement himself as the socially conservative option for 2012 .
As far as Steele is concerned , I do n’t see how he survives as chairman for much longer .
ACLU Welcomes Change To FOIA Law
FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE
CONTACT : ( 202 ) 675-2312 or media@dcaclu.org
WASHINGTON – The Senate this week signaled its intention to improve government transparency as Senators Patrick Leahy ( D - VT ) and John Cornyn ( R - TX ) introduced legislation to improve and strengthen the Freedom of Information Act ( FOIA ) .
The OPEN FOIA
Act ’s introduction follows a January presidential memorandum directing government agencies to comply swiftly and thoroughly with FOIA requests .
The American Civil Liberties Union welcomes the legislation .
FOIA is a critical tool to improve government transparency .
In recent years , the government has released many documents , including two Justice Department memos authorizing the CIA 's use of torture , records about civilian casualties in Iraq and Afghanistan , and FBI documents showing its improper use of surveillance tools as a result of ACLU lawsuits brought under the FOIA that have proved invaluable to public debate and policy making .
However , the government has fought disclosure every step of the way , and improvements to the FOIA law are vital to making transparency a priority .
The following can be attributed Caroline Fredrickson , Director of the ACLU Washington Legislative Office :
“ FOIA is not only an invaluable tool for the ACLU , other advocacy organizations and reporters , but for all Americans .
Transparency should be a priority and our government should lead the way .
A transparent government is an effective and accountable government .
Democracy can only exist when its citizens are free to examine its inner workings .
FOIA will be a key weapon in dismantling the wall of secrecy that encircled our government last eight years .
We applaud Senators Leahy and Cornyn for introducing this bill . ”
For more information on the ACLU ’s use of FOIA , go to :
www.aclu.org/spyfiles
# # #
1999 : Larry and Andy Wachowski release The Matrix , the first mind - bending installment in what will become an influential sci- fi film trilogy .
Cyberpunks quickly forget that technocultural flops like Lawnmower Man and Virtuosity ever existed .
The movie took cyberfiction staples like those found in William Gibson 's Sprawl trilogy – including his classic 1984 novel , Neuromancer , from which the inter - networked concept of " the matrix " is taken – and mashed them together with anime , wire - fu , postmodernism , metaphysics , Alice 's Adventures in Wonderland , Jean Baudrillard 's Simulacra and Simulations , and a torrent of other texts and contexts .
The resulting movie was a mind - bending success :
The Matrix grossed $ 460 million in box - office receipts worldwide and became the first DVD to move more than 3 million units in the United States alone .
Along the way , it also nabbed technical Oscars for its editing and its pioneering visual effects , which exploded the use of the " bullet time " technique and upped the ante for every action film to follow .
It beat out a crazily anticipated Star Wars : The Phantom Menace , which was hamstrung by the lamentable Jar Jar Binks , to win the effects statuette .
Filmed mostly in Sydney , Australia , and anchored by a hacker named Neo ( Keanu Reeves in a breakthrough role ) and his battle - worn leader Morpheus ( Laurence Fishburne ) , The Matrix follows a group of intrepid rebels as they rage against their machine overlords , which farm energy from a humanity trapped in an immersive hyper-reality .
Featuring kinetic action sequences soundtracked to the industrial thump of acclaimed artists like Meat Beat Manifesto , Ministry and others , the Wachowski brothers ' film attracted ecstatic praise from cinema auteurs like Darren Aronofsky , M. Night Shyamalan and Joss Whedon .
The film also utterly captivated writer Gibson , who explained in the book The Art of the Matrix that " Neo is my favorite - ever science fiction hero , absolutely . "
Because the film reflected myriad influences on its own ubiquitous mirror shades , it was often criticized for its derivativeness and even accused of plagiarism .
Famed comics writer Grant Morrison asserted , " The Wachowskis nicked The Invisibles , and everyone in the know is well aware of this fact , but of course they 're unlikely to come out and say it . "
Other film critics , entranced by the film 's metaphysical explorations , were nevertheless put off by its reliance on visceral action , especially in the third act .
But , like postmodernism itself , the film is a gripping amalgam of its artistic and philosophical predecessors .
Overtly remixing everything from Rene Descartes to the groundbreaking anime Ghost in the Shell , The Matrix is a blinding summation of all of its influences , rather than a copycat of any one , or 100 , of them .
Because of this , its stature has only grown in the decade since it exploded across the screen .
Visual signifiers and sequences from The Matrix quickly infiltrated every corner of popular culture .
From TV shows like The Simpsons and Family Guy to similarly postmodernist films such as Scary Movie and Shrek , directors aped Neo or his bullet - time ballet .
The Matrix franchise quickly ballooned from one mind - blowing film to three , spawning comics , novels , console and online games , as well as the stunning animated shorts of The Animatrix .
By the time it was all over , the Wachowski brothers – who had only directed one feature film prior to The Matrix – were firmly ensconced as pop-culture visionaries .
Source : Various
\—
Check out our video gallery of Threat Level 's 10 favorite paranoia - inducing films .
See related slideshow
The attack from Obama 's left flank began in earnest yesterday , as two reliably liberal forces openly compared Barack Obama 's plan for escalating the war in Afghanistan to Bush 's fiasco in Iraq .
Obama fangirl Rachel Maddow put together an Obama - Bush mashup on last night 's show , playing Obama 's speech announcing his Afghanistan plan next to clips of Bush talking about Iraq , and pointing out the eerie similarities .
She hesitantly defended Obama — or at least seemed like she was trying to give him the benefit of the doubt — but it was clearly a shot across the bow .
Obama has made clear that he's not intimidated by the cable chatter , so he 's unlikely to pay Maddow much heed .
But Michael Moore could be another matter .
When Rush Limbaugh was accused of being the leader of the Republican Party , conservatives looked around for the fattest guy that Democrats like and accused them of being in thrall to Moore .
The comparison does n't hold water , of course , because Moore was never able to force the chairman of the Democratic Party and a variety of congressional leaders to publicly grovel before him and go fetch him some Oxycontin or something .
Moreover , Moore has always been suspicious of what he sees as corporatist tendencies in the Democratic Party , and has freely criticized its leaders , making him more of a gadfly than commandante .
But his reaction to Obama 's plan is surprisingly forceful , making a direct comparison between Obama / Afghanistan and Bush / Iraq .
Here 's what 's on Moore 's web site right now :
Moore 's been relatively quiet lately , and his trouble - making capacity is a little bit attenuated by the lack of a spotlight .
But he 's working on a film about the financial meltdown , a subject that is tailor - made for him — prepackaged with corporate greed , populist outrage , and plenty of little - guy - loses - the - house - but - rich - guy - gets - the - bonus stories to mine for class fury .
So Moore will have a fairly big megaphone when the publicity tour starts , and Barack Obama probably does n't want him running around saying he 's just like Bush .
by Jeremy Mickel
I remember clearly the day I was waiting for the 6 train at 33rd Street and Park Avenue in New York .
I had taken pictures of type on the street for some time , but there was something here that caught my eye .
There was a plastic sign on a door with letters and numbers routed out of plastic , and I noticed a couple of characters in particular : the way the 8 curved back into itself , the charming tail of the a .
And then I realized that the lowercase e’s were all different .
This had been done by hand and therefore was n’t an existing typeface .
I knew then that I could actually make this into a font .
This moment of inspiration in a subway station was the beginning of the year - and - a - half process of designing my first typeface , and the start of an obsession that would permanently change the way I experienced the world .
I thought I knew a lot about type as a graphic designer , but I soon realized that the art of typography went much further and deeper than I could have imagined .
Diving in
Having photographed the subway sign , I fired up Illustrator , and later FontLab , and started putting down points and pulling away at the beziers .
One thing that really helped early on was opening up some of my favorite fonts in FontLab .
I would look at how the points were arranged and the forms were constructed , and would flip and rotate the drawings to see what sort of optical corrections had been made .
I found it intriguing to see that many glyphs that appeared symmetrical , like the O in Gotham , were subtly lopsided .
Though I was learning a lot on my own , I needed something more structured .
I enrolled in a type design class at Cooper Union , but just days before it was to start it was cancelled .
So , I contacted the instructor , Hannes Famira , and started taking private lessons .
Hannes had studied at the Royal Academy in the Hague , where he was exposed to the Dutch school of type design .
He taught me about Gerrit Noordzij ’s Stroke of the Pen theory , the idea that there are two fundamental categories of lettering based on the broad - nibbed and pointed - nibbed pens and that serifs are just an expression of contrast .
I did calligraphic exercises based on these ideas as well as drawing experiments with Frank Blokland ’s Lettermodel modular type system .
This is how I first learned to evaluate drawing in type design .
I went to Hannes ’ once a week for the better part of a year , spending two and a half hours with him at a time .
Every week I would show Hannes the progress on my typeface , which I was calling Router .
He ’d get out his red pen , and we ’d go through and mark up the drawings .
We ’d talk about the things he was seeing , and the things I was trying to do .
I was initially focused on some of the quirkier aspects of the subway sign , like the narrow f and t , and the strange r. I eventually abandoned those elements as I realized that Router was about something else .
As other type designers have noted , self - editing is a crucial part of the process .
But then a funny thing happened .
I kept correcting and correcting , and all of a sudden I had sanitized the font and there was almost no personality left in it .
What I was left with might as well have been VAG Rounded .
In a very early draft , I had played with the idea of exaggerating the swellings in the strokes from the original sign .
Now I resurrected that , and found the true character of the font .
Submissions
In addition to working with Hannes , I reached out to other type designers whose work I admired .
One of the first people I contacted was Chester Jenkins at Village .
I liked that his company was set up as a co-op , run by designers who all did great work .
I also posted my designs on Typophile , and was encouraged to submit my font to FontFont .
I worked feverishly toward their May 15 submission deadline , preparing the book weight in roman and italic .
I also showed Chester where my work was heading , and he suggested that there might be a home for Router at Village .
The royalty percentage at Village was higher , but total sales would probably be less .
I heard back from FontFont , and they were interested .
I took a few days to think about it , but then let them know that I was going to proceed with Village and release my font in their new foundry , Incubator .
What made the difference was that Chester was willing to work with me and give me the time and attention to help make Router the best it could be , offering drawing feedback and sharing production tips .
FontFont is a much bigger organization with a lot more releases , and they would have put me on a much faster timeline .
Production
Once I had decided to release with Village , I started working toward a full draft of the family .
Chester sent me files of Apex to show me the character sets they required .
At first I was overwhelmed .
I did n’t think I could possibly draw a font with about 1000 glyphs in each style .
Fortunately , a lot of those are accented characters which can be created through components ( linked references to other glyphs ) , but there are still several hundred original drawings in each of the styles .
I had a lot of fun drawing some of the peripheral characters and finding ways for everything to follow the rules of the font , asking questions like “ How can a triangle be routed ? ”
I spaced the font using the control characters ‘ H O n o . ’
Once I had the correct sidebearings for these characters I applied those values to all the glyphs that have straight or round sides ( with some adjustments ) .
Then I placed each character in the string ‘ HHAHOAOO ’ for uppercase and ‘ nnanoaoo ’ for lowercase , where ‘ A ’ or ‘ a ’ is replaced with the current glyph .
Spacing the italic was a counterintuitive mystery — the only character that has the same sidebearings on both sides is the lowercase o , and you build everything off that .
In order to generate the in - between weights ( extralight , light , and medium ) , I made interpolation tests .
I did all of the drawing of the thin , book , and bold in Fontlab and then used Robofab ( python - enabled Fontlab ) to generate UFO masters ( Unified Font Objects ) .
Then I opened the UFOs in Prepolator to make sure all of my characters were interpolatable and used Superpolator to do the actual interpolation .
Finally , I re-imported the UFOs back into Fontlab and checked each glyph for errors .
It ’s a lot of steps , but it ’s superior to using either the Multiple Master or ‘ blend ’ action within Fontlab because it ’s much more flexible and precise , capable of generating instances that require minimal redrawing .
During this time I kept showing my work to Hannes , as well as having meetings with Chester .
I also got great feedback and guidance from Village member Christian Schwartz .
Time to deliver
I could have kept fiddling with it forever , but a date had to be set .
I was moving to Providence , R.I. in the summer and did n’t want to take an unfinished font with me .
The last minute drawing and spacing changes were very important .
The final steps were to build the accented characters , and then use Metrics Machine to kern the six masters ( thin , book , and bold in roman and italic ) .
I finally sent the files to Chester .
There was some back and forth over the next week — he caught some mistakes and I rethought a couple of things .
Then he mastered it and launched the Incubator foundry on Bastille Day , July 14 , 2008 , coinciding with Village ’s three year anniversary .
A year and a half after I first started , and a world away from my first draft , I had finally published a typeface .
What ’s next
I ’ve worked on a few custom type commissions since Router ’s release as well as projects with my friends at The Design Office , a collaborative office of independent designers here in Providence .
Most importantly , I am working on more uncommissioned designs that will eventually become commercial releases .
But it has n’t been as easy as I thought it would be .
Just because I have an idea does n’t mean I can pump it out right away .
As Chester told me , “ you still have to go through the same snakes and ladders . ”
The production side of type design is much easier though , because I ’m not figuring it out for the first time .
I ’m trying to push myself and expand the ways I think about letterforms .
In addition to drawing type , I ’m taking a calligraphy workshop and later this year a stonecutting class .
I ’ve been spending a lot of time at the Providence Public Library where they have D.B. Updike ’s collection of type specimens and books on printing .
And I ’m still taking lots of photos of signs and things I see on a day - to - day basis , and reading all the books I can find .
But no amount of research or theory is a substitute for the most important thing : drawing as much as I can .
Bonus : links & thoughts
Several designers have told me how important it is to have a specific use and point size in mind .
The idea is that if you try and design a font that ’s good for everything , it might not be REALLY good at anything .
But if the font works really well for one specific use , then it can probably work well for lots of others .
I ’ve heard the example of J.K. Rowling writing her books for her daughter .
If she tried to write books that everyone would like , they might be too general to connect with anyone .
When you ’re drawing a character and it ’s taking up the full size of your screen , it ’s easy to forget how it will look when you print it at 12 pt .
In order for your decisions to have a real impact , the drawing has to be a caricature .
It ’s okay for details to disappear in text .
But only by printing specimens at different sizes can you see the real effect of your actions .
And only by looking at the individual letters in words , sentences , and paragraphs can you understand how all of the glyphs work together .
Draw the black and the white shapes .
Many designers will say that the white shapes are more important to the overall harmony of the letterform .
Just like turning the glyph upside down or looking at it sideways , concentrating on the white shape lets you understand the form from a different perspective .
And balancing the white with the black helps you with the spacing and understanding the overall weight of the forms .
Optical corrections are key .
It ’s been said that type design is the art of making unequal things appear equal .
Noordzij ’s theory of the Stroke of the Pen is apparent even in monoweight sans - serifs .
Flip Helvetica ’s A , V , or W sideways , and you ’ll see that the diagonal strokes are slightly unequal .
Rotate the O in Futura , which I was always told was a perfect circle , and you ’ll see why that ’s not true .
Resources
The most helpful sites for basic type info :
Underware ’s typeworkshop
Briem ’s Notes on Type Design ( disregard the site design — the information is great )
Hannes Famira ’s www.typedu.org
And the most informative ( and often out - of - print ) type design books :
A Book of Type and Design , Oldrich Hlavsa
Counterpunch , Fred Smeijers
Dutch Type , Jan Middendorp
Fontographer : Type by Design , Stephen Moyer
Adrian Frutiger — Typefaces
The Stroke : Theory of Writing , Gerritt Noordzij
Many thanks to Chester and Tracy Jenkins , Hannes Famira , Christian Schwartz , and everyone else who helped me along the way .
By Dave Lindorff
As the country contemplates a major reform and restructuring of the way we run our national health care system ( if it can even be called that ) , it needs to be pointed out that the mammoth health insurance industry is nothing but a parasite on that system .
Health insurance companies add zero value to the delivery of health care .
Indeed , they are a significant cost factor that sucks up , according to some estimates such as one by the organization Physicians for a National Health Program , as much as 31 percent of every dollar spent on medical services ( a percentage that has been rising steadily year after year ) .
Insurance companies are damaging in more ways than simply cost , though .
They also actively interfere in the delivery of quality medical care , as anyone who has had to battle with some “ nurse ” on the phone at an insurance company to get required pre-authorization for needed procedure can attest .
Just recently , the editor of a local weekly alternative paper in Philadelphia , Brian Hinkey , the victim of a near fatal hit - and - run accident last year who spent several days in a coma , and has been working hard to regain the use of all his limbs and faculties , reported in an opinion piece in the Philadelphia Inquirer on how his insurer after a few successful weeks of in - hospital rehab , denied him coverage for six critical weeks for out - patient rehab services , though every specialist on head injuries knows that early , consistent therapy is crucial to recovery of lost brain function .
This kind of human abuse is standard operating procedure for companies whose bottom lines are fattened the more services they can deny to insured clients .
My own father , once doomed by a metastasized cancer following prostate surgery , was saved by a procedure offered by a physician in Atlanta that his Blue Cross plan in Connecticut refused to pay for .
He had to finance the expensive treatment himself .
Now these medical system parasites are suddenly running scared , because it is clear that if everyone in America is to be guaranteed health insurance coverage — a promised goal of the new administration of President Barack Obama , and , according to polls , the desire of a large majority of the American people — they are going to stand exposed as a costly impediment to achieving that goal .
Insurance companies have managed to stay profitable and at least somewhat affordable to the private employers and workers who , together , have to pay for them , by denying care not just to policy holders , who are denied certain tests and treatments but especially to those who have known ailments , who are simply denied coverage altogether .
For decades , people with “ pre-existing conditions ” have been either barred from coverage , or have had to sign waivers that excluded them from getting coverage for treatment of those pre-existing conditions .
In the worst case , which is all too common , people have ended up dying because they could n’t get treatment for common and easily treated ailments like high blood pressure or diabetes .
Now we hear that two big insurance trade groups , the Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association and America ’s Health Insurance Plans , have offered to " phase out the practice of varying premiums based on health status in the individual market " in the event that all Americans are required to obtain health insurance .
Well sure they ’re doing that .
If they did n’t , the government would force them to !
The insurance industry , in saying that it would not price sick people out of coverage in a nationally - mandated health insurance scheme , is merely recognizing the political firestorm that would arise if it were not to do that , and were to force the sick and infirm onto some government insurance plan , subsidized by taxpayers , while they just cherry - picked the healthy population , as they ’ve been doing now for decades .
The whole point is that if everyone is included in the insurance pool , instead of only the healthy population , then the overall cost of being chronically or critically ill to the individual is spread over the whole of society .
Premiums get adjusted accordingly .
Medicare is the model .
Here we already have a government plan that covers every single elderly and disabled person .
If we were to simply extend Medicare to cover everyone in America , we would essentially have the Canadian model of health care ( which , it should be pointed out , costs half what we pay in America for health care when private insurance and government programs are added together ) .
As with current Medicare , the government would pay for treatment , with private doctors and hospitals providing the care , and with the government negotiating the permissible charges .
That , in a nutshell , is what “ single - payer ” means — the government is the single payer for all health care .
It does n’t mean , as the right - wing critics claim in their scaremongering propaganda , that people would be forced to use certain doctors and certain hospitals .
Far from it .
That ’s what private HMOs do right now .
Medicare is efficient ( only 3.6 % of Medicare ’s budget goes to administrative costs , compared to 31 % for health care delivered through private insurance plans ) , its clients like it , and doctors and hospitals accept it .
We should not be tricked by this seeming sudden appearance of decency on the part of these corporate parasites .
There is simply no valid reason for preserving the private insurance industry ’s role in any health care reform plan that is aimed at giving everyone access to health care in America .
The Obama administration needs to jettison its “ free market ” fetish when it comes to health care .
The financing of health care for all Americans can all be handled much better by the government .
Medicare has proven this .
Other countries — Britain , Australia , France , Canada , Taiwan and most other modern nations have proven this .
Rachel Levy had 10 years of marketing experience and an M.B.A. from a top business school when she was laid off in July .
Rather than keep her feelings about the situation private , Ms. Levy started a blog to chronicle her life post - layoff .
Her first post was about her best new job opportunity : baby sitting .
The former marketing director at the Jewish Community Centers of Greater Boston shared with readers that she had earned $ 102 from six hours of caring for three young children .
It was a far cry from her old salary .
" But --...
Advertisements
Even though she publicly denies it , Gov. Sarah Palin is being advised by John Coale , who is Greta Van Susteren ’s husband and a Scientologist .
Gawker.com today published an old memo of Coale ’s which detailed his plan to use popular politicians to advance the Scientology agenda , so is Palin a tool of the Scientologists ?
It must be noted that the memo Gawker published was from 1986 , and by Coale ’s own admission this plan never went anywhere because the church did n’t want anything to do with it .
As he told Gawker today , I thought it was a brilliant idea , but no one else did , so it never went anywhere .
I was looking at ways to move a new religion forward .
I looked at the history of Mormons , who had a lot of people in office , and I looked at the Jews , who were very successful and influential .
But the church did n’t want to be part of it .
They did n’t want to be misconstrued .
There was one small meeting with parishioners in DC .
Maybe 9 or 10 people showed up . ”
Even though Coale ’s plan to get Scientology into politics was rebuffed , it is possible that Scientologists could be using Palin and her popularity to gain some power in order to advance their religion .
Palin herself seems absolutely paranoid about the political danger involved with being associated with Scientologists .
The governor wo n’t even admit that Coale is her Washington advisor , or that he is running her political action committee SarahPAC .
Advertisements
Palin could be doomed within her own party if a whispering campaign would associate her with Scientology , which is a religion that many of the evangelical Christians that she is courting for 2012 consider a cult .
There are elements of the Republican Party that wo n’t accept Mitt Romney because he is a Mormon , can you imagine what might be said about Palin in evangelical circles if she was linked to Scientologists ?
I find it hard to believe that Coale has completely abandoned his old ideas .
I think he would use any potential politically successful relationship with Palin to advance Scientology .
The irony here is that evangelicals who support Palin in 2012 could end up helping Scientology .
For the record , I am not a religious person , and I honestly have no opinion on the merits of Scientology as a religion , but I am interested in the political interaction involved here , and why Palin is keeping her working relationship with Coale a secret .
Palin is n’t a Scientologist , but she could be damaged if the Republican primary gets nasty in 2012 .
For instance , I could see Mike Huckabee trying to draw a Palin / Scientology tie .
This is a political minefield for Sarah Palin that she would be wise to get in front of before it becomes an issue within her party .
The economic crisis has now spread from Wall Street to Main Street to the places where there are no streets .
In slums and shacks around the world , hunger is gnawing again as job opportunities shrink but food prices do not .
Global cereal prices are 71 % higher than they were in 2005 , according to the International Monetary Fund , but the wages of many workers are falling .
This is a disaster for the bottom billion , the one out of six humans living on less than $ 2 a day .
But as always , the poor have a problem getting our attention -- especially when the rich have lost half their wealth .
Today ’s attention deficit is this : Starving children with bloated bellies make for horrific video footage , and the world opens its wallet .
But chronic malnutrition , degradation and misery -- suffering that causes real pain but falls short of mass famine -- is being pushed off the front pages by the frightening global economic news .
Advertisement
Last year , skyrocketing food prices sparked violent protests in 30 countries and scared many more into making generous donations .
The United States doubled its contribution to the U.N. World Food Program .
Saudi Arabia handed over a check for $ 500 million .
All told , the world kicked in an extra $ 2.3 billion .
As a result , the U.N. program was able to add 30 million people to the rolls of those being fed , and disaster was averted .
But it was a short - term fix .
The chronic , underlying causes of food insecurity have n’t been addressed .
So warnings that hunger is growing again should come as no surprise .
What is perplexing is that on the global market , prices of such food commodities as maize , wheat and rice have fallen by 35 % to 50 % in the last year ( although they are still 50 % higher than in 2005 , according to the International Monetary Fund ) .
Oil prices have collapsed too .
Yet the price of food at the retail level around the world shows no signs of falling .
How can this be ?
The causes are myriad : pricing lags , hoarding , speculation , war , profiteering , food export controls , droughts in China and Argentina , and the age - old reluctance to lower prices , which economists call “ stickiness . ”
Advertisement
As usual , in the poorest places the situation is stickiest .
In Afghanistan , a standard food basket cost 73 % more in October than it did a year earlier .
In February , the charity Mercy Corps found that Afghan families were skipping meals , eating boiled turnips instead of bread and pulling their boys out of school to shine shoes in the market .
One family married off a young daughter even earlier than planned to collect the wedding gift from the groom ’s family -- $ 160 .
In Tajikistan , more than a third of the nation ’s gross domestic product comes from remittances sent home from migrant workers in Russia , according to the World Bank .
As the global economic crisis and the fall in oil prices ravage Russia , those workers are being fired .
This also has become a problem in remittance - dependent Haiti , Jordan and Kyrgyzstan -- three countries where instability could create bad political problems for their neighbors .
In Zambia , whenever the world price of copper declines , unemployment rises .
Copper mined there is exported for use in the production of computers , refrigerators , autos and machinery , and slumping industrial demand caused the price of copper to plummet 54 % last year .
That means more hunger in Zambia , where nearly half of all children under 5 have stunted growth .
Advertisement
World Bank President Robert B. Zoellick has called for the developed countries to set aside 0.7 % of stimulus funds for vulnerable countries .
This is sensible :
It ’s always far cheaper to prevent hunger , increase production and position food stocks where famines may loom than it is to buy food on the open market during panics , when prices jump .
But how much is the developed world willing to invest in foreign food security when its governments are running up record deficits to stimulate their own economies ?
The World Food Program says it will need $ 6 billion this year , $ 1 billion more than in 2008 .
So far , it ’s only raised 10 % of that .
Of course , it will take vastly more -- and more than money -- to fix the long - term problems that create hunger : under - investment in agriculture and food infrastructure , particularly in Africa ; urban development on farmland ; and climate change , which will make all of the problems worse .
And then there ’s the unchecked population growth that eats up whatever gains many poor countries manage to make .
If the Group of 20 leading and developing nations meeting in London this weekend pushes the food problem to the back burner to focus only on financial stabilization , the annual begging for emergency food aid -- the most expensive , least sustainable form of foreign aid -- will never end .
And neither will the suffering .
The fuel weights have been published by the FIA for the first time , under the new rules for this season .
There are some very interesting things here .
For a start the Brawn cars are , as we expected , massively quick , given that Jenson Button ’s car has 22 laps worth of fuel in it ( 59 kilos ) .
Allowing for the fuel he will need to get to the grid and do the formation lap , this means Jenson will probably make his first stop on lap 20 .
Barrichello will go one lap longer , to 21 .
This is quite a long first stint for a two stop strategy .
Knowing this we can say that Jenson did a stunning job today in the final part of qualifying as the extra fuel he ’s carrying will have given him less than a tenth of a second of lap time compared to Rubens and yet he is three tenths faster .
Rubens liked the car more on low fuel in the early part of qualifying , Jenson liked it more in heavy fuel mode .
He will be on his own tomorrow in the race .
Sebastien Vettel , who qualified third , will probably go to lap 18 , the same as Nico Rosberg .
This means that the Red Bull is a couple of tenths faster than the Williams .
Meanwhile the Ferraris are in trouble , Massa has only 18 laps of fuel in his car , so he ’ll get to lap 16 and yet he was 8/10 ths off Button , who has 3/10 ths of a weight disadvantage .
That puts the Ferrari a second slower in quali trim today .
Raikkonen has a similar amount as his team mate and was a tenth slower .
Kubica ’s lap looks less stellar when you realise that he is running light – he will be stopping on lap 15 .
Button should control the race , reliability is his only competitor tomorrow .
Barrichello has more than enough speed to stay ahead of Vettel and Rosberg who will be fighting for a podium .
Massa is the driver to watch .
Ferrari had a bad time in qualifying , but the car is strong in race trim .
Massa moves forward to 6th on the grid after Glock ’s exclusion and he has a good shot at a podium from there to get his championship campaign off to a strong start .
If anything goes wrong for the Brawn cars he could well pick up the win .
The Ferrari should prove a faster race car than qualifier here .
UPDATES : I ’ll be doing a Twitter feed during the race , with my take on what ’s going on .
Look out for it here on “ JAonF1 ” [ in the sidebar on the right ]
JERUSALEM ( CNN ) -- Israel will retaliate against Palestinian - controlled Gaza with a " painful , sharp , strong and uncompromising response " if rocket attacks do not stop , Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert said Sunday .
Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Olmert says Israel will respond if rocket attcks from Gaza do n't stop .
He warned " terrorists " that they would not be able to anticipate Israel 's moves .
" The Israeli response will -- in no way -- be what the terrorist organizations expect .
The state of Israel has a wide range of options that will be utilized in order to bring complete quiet to the south , " he said Sunday at the start of the weekly Cabinet meeting .
Rocket fire from Gaza , which is run by the militant Hamas movement , was the main reason cited for Israel 's three - week assault on the territory in December and January .
The air and land campaign left about 1,300 Palestinians dead .
Thirteen Israelis died .
But rocket attacks into Israel continue .
Over the weekend Palestinians fired nine rockets into southern Israel .
One of them slammed into an empty school in the city of Ashkelon , causing extensive damage .
Since the end of the military operation in Gaza , over 110 rockets have been fired into Israel , a spokeswoman for Israel 's military said .
Tony Blair , the former British Prime Minister who is now an international envoy for the Middle East , visited Gaza Sunday , his office announced .
" I wanted to come to hear for myself , first hand , from people in Gaza whose lives have been so badly impacted by the recent conflict , " he said .
Blair met with business leaders and representatives of nongovernmental organizations , as well as the top U.N. humanitarian official in Gaza and the Palestinian Water Authority .
His visit precedes an international donors ' conference on Gaza at the Egyptian resort of Sharm al - Sheikh , which begins Monday .
Secretary of State Hillary Clinton is expected to attend , as are European and Middle Eastern leaders .
CNN 's Shira Medding contributed to this report .
All About Israel • Gaza • Ehud Olmert
Chazz Palminteri
Most people will remember him from The Usual Suspects , but those who saw that movie when it came out and have not bothered looking at it again since , they will probably not remember him at all .
Palmintieri is noteworthy in that he is possibly the most stereotypical Italian in Hollywood as far as his appearance goes .
Mercedes Ruehl
She was in the Fisher King , as Jeff bridges somewhat hot girlfriend , and won an Oscar for it .
Going by her IMDB profile she has not done a whole lot since then , and now looks like an old lady who has had a lot of work done .
J. August Richards
The black guy from Angel .
Probably not all that “ successful ” I guess , but it was a good show and he was not bad in it .
Since he made the careers of both David Boreanaz and Nathan Fillion , I have to trust Joss Whedon ’s judgment .
Has not done a whole lot of consequence since Angel was canceled , possibly due to the issue surrounding that sign he ’s holding in the picture .
Geena Davis
She commanded her own lead role in an action movie at that time , when action was king , and Renny Harlin , who she also married , was a sought after director .
She was seen as a cross between Julia Roberts ( “ spunky ” and smart the way many women see themselves ) , and also slightly sexy .
She also did not look like a many other actresses .
River Phoenix
He was the Johnny Depp , Orlando Bloom , Heath Ledger , and James Dean of his generation , with pretty much the same audience of hysterical young girls .
Fairly good - looking and young .
Further down the road , people will “ rediscover ” him , and you will have a resurgence in popularity the way you had with James Dean .
Despite of a fair number of other movies , most will remember him for Indiana Jones and the last Crusade .
Annette Bening
Actually , very hot in some of her early movies , but apparently not hot enough for Hollywood and not a Streep - caliber actress so they could n’t market her that way .
Apparently she just this year started working hard again , but has been very selective with her roles since the 90s .
You will see her in a bunch of movies after 2010 .
Timothy Dalton
There are a lot of younger people who saw him for the first time in Simon Pegg ’s Hot Fuzz .
Nobody remembers that this was one of the James Bonds , mostly because his James Bond was boring and slightly emo .
Mimi Rogers
Former wife of Tom Cruise ( before he was big ) she was never exactly hot , or a particularly good actress , but definitely pretty , once upon a time .
Never hugely famous , with no huge box - office hits to her name most will know her from minor roles in a few films that have been played over and over again on basic cable , like White Sands and The Doors .
Andie MacDowell
Remember Groundhog Day ?
Well , that was her last big movie , and basically , the movie that most people remember her for .
She has been working steadily but it ’s all been downhill from that .
Basically , she was supposed to appeal to the same kind of people who like Julia Roberts but she was too pretty and did not possess Roberts ’ screen personality .
Michael Keaton
Here is somebody who managed to score a series of legitimate box - office hits in the 80s and 90s despite not being all that good - looking or funny .
He was like a white , quirkier , but unfunny Eddie Murphy .
Now he mostly does voice work in animated movies .
( note : primer on the FJM can be found here )
We always knew this day would come .
Unless someone writes a musical comedy about the Symbionese Liberation Army , Thomas Friedman 's attempt to re-invent himself as a progressive will stand as the most baffling , compelling , I - gotta - see - this event of my lifetime .
His entire worldview has collapsed around him recently , so he wrote a book in his inimitably idiotic literary anti-style about his concern for the environment .
That 'll sell books to the kids and the liberals , right ?
Were it that easy , Mr. Friedman .
Were it that easy .
New book persona aside , The Unit 's weekly NYT columns show that he still has plenty of vigor for the kind of jingoistic , libertarian tent - pitching that made him famous .
To wit : " Paging Uncle Sam , " which is either the title of his column or an upcoming Charles Bronson movie that I absolutely have to see .
The call is from rhetorical Excellence ; is Friedman man enough to accept the charges ?
Seoul , South Korea
Knowing what we know about this mustachioed twit , this simple byline foreshadows unspeakable horrors .
We all know that 75 % of this column is going to be based on throwaway comments from conversations with random Korean people .
I wish I could have been there to see the puzzled Koreans trying to mind their business on the subway and thinking " Why is this caucasian porn star asking me about tariffs ? "
It is very useful to come to Asia to be reminded about America ’s standing in the world these days .
Yep , nothing like randomly encountering some people in a foreign country to prompt some grandiose generalizing about what " the world " thinks about America .
For all the talk in recent years about America ’s inevitable decline , all eyes are not now on Tokyo , Beijing , Brussels or Moscow — nor on any other pretenders to the world heavyweight crown .
Belgium ?
Belgium ???
Are they even in the conversation ?
Is this like the NCAA tournament where we have to include Winthrop , Iona , UNC - Asheville , Siena , UM - Baltimore County , and Coastal Carolina because they won whatever turnip truck of a conference crowned them champion ?
Belgium : the token Benelux entry in the field of new world powers .
Take that , Luxembourg !
All eyes are on Washington to pull the world out of its economic tailspin .
At no time in the last 50 years have we ever felt weaker , and at no time in the last 50 years has the world ever seen us as more important .
Friedman talked to the world .
This is what it said .
Verbatim .
While it is true that since the end of the cold war global leaders and intellectuals often complained about a world of too much American power , one does n’t hear much of that grumbling today when most people recognize that only an economically revitalized America has the power to prevent the world economy from going into a global depression .
Little late to be talking about prevention , Tom .
I suppose that " one does n't hear much of that grumbling " in your social circles .
It was always easy to complain about a world of too much American power as long as you did n’t have to live in a world of too little American power .
And right now , that is the danger : a world of too little American power .
National Review's Michael Leeden : " Every ten years or so , the United States needs to pick up some small crappy little country and throw it against the wall , just to show the world we mean business . "
That 's the kind of power they want us to assert .
Somewhere in the back of their minds , a lot of people seem to be realizing that the alternative to a U.S. - dominated world is not a world dominated by someone else or someone better .
" ( A ) lot of people " " seem to be realizing " things .
The depth of research , the empirical support !
Stunning .
It is a leaderless world .
Neither Russia nor China has the will or the way to provide the global public goods that America — at its best — consistently has .
The European Union right now is so split that it cannot even agree on an effective stimulus package .
Maybe they lack your Napoleon complex , Tom , your need to dominate and control and subjugate , i.e. " lead . "
No wonder then that even though this economic crisis began in America , with American bad borrowing and bad lending practices , people have nevertheless fled to the U.S. dollar .
Case in point : South Korea ’s currency has lost roughly 40 percent against the dollar in just the last six months .
Ah , the rock - solid American Buck !
Given the extent to which the governments of Asia have gone all in on the dollar as a reserve currency , what you call fleeing to the US dollar has the desperate feel of good money chasing bad .
“ No other country can substitute for the U.S. , ” a senior Korean official remarked to me .
Guy next to Friedman on the plane ?
Auto rickshaw driver ?
Bartender ?
“ The U.S. is still No. 1 in military , No. 1 in economy , No. 1 in promoting human rights and No. 1 in idealism .
Only the U.S. can lead the world .
No other country can .
China can’t .
The E.U. is too divided , and Europe is militarily far behind the U.S.
So it is only the United States …
We have never had a more unipolar world than we have today . ”
It 's uncanny how much this unsourced , unverifiable quote supports the author 's thesis !
What a happy coincidence .
I 'm not saying Thomas Friedman fabricated this quote , but Thomas Friedman fabricated this quote .
Yes , many Asians resent the fact that Americans scolded them about their banking crisis in the 1990s , and now we ’ve made many of the same mistakes .
But that schadenfreude does n’t last long .
In random conversations here in Seoul with Korean and Asian thinkers , journalists and business executives , I found people really worried .
" When I threw loaded questions at random people , their responses confirmed my preconceived conclusions .
Amazing ! "
This is a region where Western brands carry great weight , and for people to see giant U.S. financial brands like Citigroup and A.I.G. teetering is deeply unnerving .
Not to mention the weight Western brands carry with Friedman , the man who can't go three paragraphs without dropping a trademarked name .
“ There is no one who can replace America .
Without American leadership , there is no leadership , ” said Lee Hong - koo , South Korea ’s former ambassador to Washington .
“ That puts a tremendous burden on the American people to do something positive .
You ca n’t be tempted by the usual nationalism .
When things do n’t go well , most people become nationalistic .
And in the economic world , that is protectionism "
Uh oh !
Throw in the Aerosmith CD , dim the lights , and let the free - market dry humping begin !!
" We are pleased to see President Obama is not doing that .
Americans , as a people , should realize how many hopes and expectations other people are putting on their shoulders . ”
Clearly the President 's goal should be to do what makes other nations happiest : refuse to treat their goods the way they treat ours .
And that ’s just on economics .
President Obama ’s first big security test could come here — and soon .
North Korea has gotten crazier than ever ; it has been made even poorer by the global economic crisis and by the withdrawal of aid by the new South Korean government .
This is a different column , but OK !
I guess this is kinda important .
Now the North is threatening to test one of its Taepodong - 2 long - range missiles , which may have the capacity to hit Hawaii , Alaska or beyond .
Alaska .
Was that a multiple choice question ?
Because I totally pick Alaska .
The North last tried such a test in 2006 , but the rocket exploded 40 seconds after its launch .
If the North does test such an intercontinental ballistic missile again , American forces will have to consider blowing it up on the launch pad or shooting it out of the sky .
YEAH !
And then we gotta use our photon torpedoes and death rays and Dr. Manhattan and all kinds of other weapons that are as non-existent as a functioning Anti-Ballistic Missile system .
We never should have allowed the North to get a nuclear warhead ; we certainly do n’t want it testing a long - range missile that could deliver that nuclear warhead to our shores , or anywhere else .
So the fact that they do ( or , more accurately , may ) have nuclear warheads is a reason that we should start a war with them and WHAT THE HELL ARE WE EVEN TALKING ABOUT I thought this was about the economic crisis and leadership .
Never more inward - looking , never more in demand : that ’s America today .
This moment recalls a point raised by the Johns Hopkins University foreign policy expert Michael Mandelbaum in his book , The Case for Goliath .
No , to me it recalls a point raised by a more noted scholar , Rudyard Kipling , in his poem " The White Man 's Burden " or perhaps by Nietzsche in Thus Spake Zarathustra .
When it comes to the way other countries view America ’s pre-eminent role in the world , he wrote , “ whatever its life span , three things can be safely predicted : they will not pay for it ; they will continue to criticize it ; and they will miss it when it is gone . ”
If this logic worked for colonialism , I guess it 'll work equally well for neo-colonialism !
Welcome to Friedman 's world , a world desperately seeking a Caesar .
When someone like Tom says " leadership " it means control ; " setting an example " means establishing hegemony ; " she was all over me " means date rape .
This is in many ways the sickest and most dangerous worldview , one in which the rest of the world not only needs American hegemony , they want it .
Just look at how they 're dressed .
The tale of “ aux . c ” In March 1978 , Kurt Shoens , then a student at Berkeley , created a mail program .
As it soon consisted of several thousand lines of source code , he chose to distribute it over several files .
One of them was to contain “ auxiliary functions ” .
Sticking with the good tradition to keep file names as short as possible while remaining distinctive , he chose “ aux . c ” for it .
He was free to do so due to the clever design of the Unix file system name space :
Since this was his own directory , it simply did not matter if anybody else wanted to choose the same name outside .
When Gary Kildall developed CP/M , starting in 1974 , he seems to have been aware of Ritchie 's and Thompson 's 1974 Unix paper since he implemented device files .
Unlike Unix , CP / M did not have a true hierarchical file system , though ; each disk contained a single directory .
The equivalent of a fully - qualified path name consisted of a drive letter followed by a colon , then the file name .
Thus e.g. “ A: SOURCE.BAS ” would refer to the BASIC source code file “ SOURCE . BAS ” on drive “ A ” .
To copy this file from drive “ A ” to drive “ B ” , a CP / M user typed “ PIP B : SOURCE .
BAS=A:SOURCE.BAS ” .
Although there was of course no / dev directory as on Unix because of the lack of a hierarchical file system , special files had their sane place in this environment :
They were used in the same position as drive letters and could thus not conflict with actual data files .
So “ PIP LPT : =A : SOURCE.BAS ” would have printed our file on the “ LPT ” device .
( Cf. An Introduction to CP / M Features and Facilities , Digital Research , January 1978 , pp. 18-25 . )
Now , what has this to do with Berkeley Mail or mailx ?
When Microsoft introduced its CP / M clone , DOS , in 1981 , it also had no hierarchical file system .
It also kept the concept of device files .
However , instead of putting them in the drive letter name space , Microsoft chose to have them directly within the directory on every disk .
Moreover , it decided that it was a good idea to introduce some magic that stripped off the extension part , so that a program that always appended one , say , “ . TXT ” , would be able to use the device files as well .
So when a DOS user saved the file “ PRN. TXT ” , the output appeared on the printer .
With DOS 2.0 , Microsoft introduced a hierarchical file system .
But guess what — it now put the device files into every directory on every disk .
This may be hard to believe , but it is true : Each directory on DOS implicitly contains the files “ NUL ” , “ PRN ” , “ CON ” , etc. , and as explained , also “ NUL. TXT ” , “ PRN. BAS ” , “ CON.DOC ” , etc .
Unfortunately , one of these DOS special files is called “ AUX ” , referring to a serial port , and this is where Berkeley Mail and its “ aux . c ” file really get into this story .
Of course , the conflict went unnoticed for many years , since nobody would have tried to run an advanced Unix mail program on a microcomputer system that lacks any sane form of multitasking or networking .
But nowadays , people confuse Microsoft Windows , the successor to DOS , with a Unix operating system , and want to run mailx on it .
I have no idea if one can still do anything useful with the “ AUX ” special file — since I have heard that current Windows versions actually manage devices in style of a multitasking , multi-user operating system , I would be surprised if one would be allowed to access a serial port this way without special privilege .
Nevertheless , when people unpack the mailx source code distribution on a Windows system , something weird happens when it gets to extracting “ aux.c ” .
This has led to numerous Windows users whining to me since I have started this project .
But my answer is :
No , I will not deface the mailx source code in order to make life easier for customers of a vendor of non-Unix systems who chose to clutter his directory name space with useless entries .
I will especially not do so as this vendor has threatened free software on several occasions .
The Heirloom Project is oriented at the Unix tradition , and it is free .
If you want to use mailx , there is the technically and morally sane option of using a free Unix implementation .
You are on your own if you choose against it .
Gunnar Ritter < gunnarr@acm.org >
2007-01-30
46,000,000,000,000,000 Bytes Can't Be Wrong
Another Floor , Another Tunnel
So , where to put the strobes ?
Forty six petabytes .
That 's the current combined HD and tape storage attached to the large roomful of computers at the CERN Computer Center .
Suffice to say , shooting everything in 16 - bit RAW would not be a problem for them .
That storage ( 12 PB of spinning hard disc space and another 34 PB of robotically accessible tape storage ) is what is needed to store and process the insane amounts of data that the LHC will throw off when it is up and running .
Basically , they first have to look at everything to see what is statistically likely to be able to be thrown away .
At each of several computer screening processes down the line , the data is further culled in sort of a needle - in - a - haystack - to - the - Nth - degree process .
If they do it right , when they are done they will be left with strong evidence of the Higgs boson -- the Holy Grail of particle physics .
My hosts , Peter and Andras , said that they could use some new photos of the Computer Center .
And since I happen to know aabout tape - drive mass storage back from my days as a proud owner of a Commodore 1530 Datasette tape drive , you gotta think I 'm pretty well - suited for the job .
The robotic IBM tape drive seen at top was completely encased in a cabinet .
There was a window at each end , and some small windows up top .
There was some cool ambient ( literally -- it was blue ) floating around in there so I decided to go with it and gel the strobe with a CTB .
The CTB ( tungsten - to - daylight conversion ) gel is my favorite of the blues .
It is natural looking , unlike some of the freaky blues that populate the sample books .
It is also pretty efficient , not sucking up too much of the flash 's light output .
And last , it is easy to contrast with the corresponding CTO gels I keep with me all of the time .
We were not able to get inside the machines , which were running all of the time .
That robotic head swoops around constantly at very high speed -- and high torque .
As in deadly high torque if it catches you inside when it wants to do some tape hunting .
So , we could shoot through one of the end windows .
But that would leave us with few options for lighting .
We stuck an SB - 800 with a CTB gel at the other end and originally aimed it away , at a nearby wall for a nice , clean light source .
But Aaron suggested we try turning it around and firing it right into the innards of the machine .
We tried it , and it looked better .
So , how do you expose for the inside of the machine ?
What power flash setting do you use ?
It always comes down to solving your most important problem first .
And my most important problem was to get some depth of field going , so more of those tapes would be in focus .
The backlight would throw cool speculars off of them , so you want as many of them to read as possible .
More power equals more depth of field .
Thus , first step is get some decent power into the flash .
I set the SB - 800 on 1/2 power , manual pop , and chimped the various apertures until it looked best .
This is not rocket science here , right ?
Next step : Balance the ambient .
I have two sources to consider -- the inside lighting of the machine and the LED status light of the robotic head .
My flash power is set .
My aperture is set .
All that is left is to walk the shutter speed down -- 1/30 , 1/15 , 1/8 , 1/4 -- until the LED and blue ambient start to look good .
A flash meter would be of little help to me in this shot .
As soon as I get my arm in there with a Minolta Meter IVF , that thing would come to life , swoop in and lop it off , prolly .
But that 's okay -- I have not used a flashmeter in years and still have two arms to prove it .
You do n't need a flashmeter .
As long as you identify your primary problem to solve , that solution leads you to all of your other settings , one at a time , as described above .
Frankly , our biggest problem turned out to be the unpredictability of the positioning of the robotic head .
It was about as uncooperative as your average three - year - old hyped up on a bowl of Frosted Flakes .
I wanted to light the head from the top with an amber - gelled second flash coming in from a top window .
But the thing just would not cooperate , and we had to get upstairs to do the hard drives pretty soon .
So we nixed the top light and went with a mix of backlit strobe and ambient interior lights .
Finished with the tape jukebox , we went upstairs to shoot the main computer room .
The CERN guys are pretty good at assembling some serious processing power straight off of the rack , and this room is basically a ton of Linux boxes and hard drives strung together for massive processing and storage capabilities .
It was pretty awesome to spend time there -- rows and rows of racks and racks of computers and hard drives .
With almost no place to hide a light .
Okay , so take a look at the top view of the shooting alley , which is essentially two enclosed rooms .
There are glass doors at each end ( which we opened ) and a glass roof .
And we do not have enough light to nuke the whole room , so we will have to use the ambient .
So , first problem is to tame the ambient .
It is a ( thankfully ) consistent fluorescent environment .
For our purposes , this ambient light will come in from the top .
Set the camera to FL balance .
Move the WB adjustments around until it looks best .
Then underexpose the room by about two stops .
This is because we will use the ambient as fill lighting to carry the whole room .
Since we are shifting the white balance , we will have to gel the strobes to compensate .
No problem there -- just green 'em up .
The subject would be Andras , who actually wrote the drive burn - in program that was causing all of the blue lights to blink on and off .
It was like being on the bridge of the Enterprise .
Or maybe in 2001 : A Space Odyssey .
I love technology , but I could see myself at night being a tad creeped out by all of these computers , HDs and tape drives going nonstop all around me .
( Not that it bothered Peter , our co-host and CERN computer whiz , who had promptly fallen asleep on one of the tables when we were shooting the tape drive monster .
)
So the juncture between the rooms was a logical place to hide the key light , which was greened and fired through an umbrella .
That would do two things : Light Andras from camera back right , and paint a nice specular on the left rack as it reflected back to me .
I put it on 1/8 power and adjusted my aperture until it looked best .
Each time I moved my aperture , I would also have to compensate with my shutter speed to keep that minus two stop ambient exposure dialed in .
So that was easy enough .
Now wold come the hard part -- how to fill Andras and pick up some of the spiffy hardware with light at the same time ?
Position - wise , we had few choices .
The most obvious being right next to the shooting position .
I stuck a second , greened SB - 800 right at my left side .
Just a foot or so away .
This would fill Andras and throw some speculars off of the cables and Linux boxes .
But it would also nuke everything in the foreground .
That 's easy enough to fix with a grid spot on the flash .
Everything along the edges that is close is also at the wide part of the flash beam .
So knocking that out with a grid allows us to push the light down the tunnel and keep it from nuking the near sides at the same time .
How did we choose our power setting ?
Easy -- we already had the aperture chosen by the key light .
The shutter was chosen to set the ambient exposure at a couple of stops under .
Since those do not change , we simply adjust the power of the nearby " fill " strobe until we get the look we want .
No rocket science , no flash meter .
Just good 'ol chimping .
Now all that was left was to make sure to catch some of the blinking hard drive lights .
No big secret there , either .
Shoot lots of frames and go for the law of averages .
Worked like a charm .
With Bernie Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme foremost in many investors ’ minds , how can you tell whether an investment pitch is a scam ?
Keeping Bernie Madoff ’s Ponzi scheme in your mind minds .
“ It pays to remember that if an investment opportunity sounds too good to be true , it usually is . ”
Here are 10 tell - all questions to consider :
1 . Does it promise “ low risk and high gain ? ”
“ There is no such thing as a free lunch . ”
It ’s a fundamental fact or basic of investing that the higher the potential return , the greater the risk and that you may never see that return .
Do not fall for investments that promise spectacular profits or “ guaranteed ” returns .
2 . If you do n’t act now will it be too late ?
Why will it be too late ?
Any legitimate investment will be there tomorrow , and next week , and next year .
Never be pressured into investing in something because tomorrow might be too late .
Even if it turns out that the stock doubles tomorrow , you should feel better knowing that you were cautious and responsible with your money .
3 . Does the investment tip claim to predict the future ?
“ It will double in three months . ”
Oh , yeah ?
And where did your broker buy his or her crystal ball ?
Not only is this a ridiculous promise for a broker to make , it ’s illegal .
Go aheaed and report this infraction to his or her sales manager .
And if the matter does n’t get satisfactory attention from a supervisor , contact the Financial Industry Regulatory Agency ( FINRA ) .
4 . Do you know the background of the salesperson and his / her employer ?
Any individual selling securities to the public must pass a background check , a series of examinations , and be registered with FINRA .
Likewise , their employers must also be known to FINRA and the SEC .
If you would like to check up on the background of your broker or brokerage firm , use FINRA ’s Broker Check page .
But remember , even if they do n’t have any complaints against them , it does n’t necessarily mean they can be trusted .
You could be “ Scamee No. 1 . ”
5 . Does it “ guarantee ” anything ?
It is impossible to guarantee the performance of any investment , but if your broker is doing so he could get tossed out of the industry .
Read
6 . If you incur any losses has the salesperson offered to reimburse you for any losses you might incur ?
One more no - no that your broker is n’t supposed to and ca n’t promise you .
This one can get him or her booted , too .
7 . Does your broker say that you are you one of the “ lucky few who have been chosen ” to invest in XYZ company ?
While this may make you feel special , do n’t fall for it .
You probaly just happen to be one of the lucky few who answered the phone .
8 . Does the salesperson claim that he or she has also personally invested in the company ?
What difference does it make to you whether he or she made a bad investment ?
Do you trust the salesperson to call you if and when the investment goes sour ?
And will he or she get out first ?
9 . Is the salesperson unwilling to supply financial statements or a prospectus ?
If a new company is just going public ( an IPO , which stands for initial public offering ) , you must be given a prospectus .
It is long and written in legalese and printed on very thin paper that you can barely read .
Read it anyway .
Especially the part called “ Risks to Investors . ”
If the company in question has been around awhile , ask to see the financial statements for the past two years .
10 .
Does the salesperson claim that it is “ a hot inside tip ? ”
This is particularly important to pay attention to — not because it might make you rich , but because it could land you in jail .
It is illegal to pass on or act on material that is inside information .
Anyone telling you otherwise is a liar .
These scams exploit the trust and friendship that exist in groups of people who have something in common .
Because of the tight - knit structure of many groups , it can be difficult for regulators or law enforcement officials to detect an affinity scam .
Victims often fail to notify authorities or pursue their legal remedies , and instead try to work things out within the group .
This is particularly true where the fraudsters have used respected community or religious leaders to convince others to join the investment .
Recently unsealed documents relating to the ongoing " Vista Capable " class - action lawsuit revealed that a group within Microsoft recommended in 2005 that the lowest - priced version of Windows Vista be released without the " Vista " name due to concerns over " user product expectations . "
The lawsuit claims that Microsoft misled consumers with its " Vista Capable " marketing program in the months leading up to the January 2007 release of Windows Vista .
Part of the allegations in the lawsuit contend that Windows Vista Home Basic is not the " real " Vista because it lacks the ' Aero ' user interface .
( Source : computerworld.com )
The unsealed documents were filed by the plaintiffs on December 8 , 2008 , but were not released to the public until recently .
The documents show that " the recommendation of the Windows Product Management Group was that Home Basic should ' carry the Windows brand alone without the Vista generation name , ' " and cited an internal Microsoft email obtained as part of the legal discovery process .
( Source : pcworld.com )
The Microsoft group reportedly said that ditching " Vista " from the Home Basic edition would " better align user product expectations to the high visibility innovations uniquely present in the Windows Vista premium versions . "
( Source : nwsource.com )
Plaintiffs in the ongoing case also said the decision to drop Vista from the Home Basic nameplate was affirmed by a strong endorsement from top OEM ( Other Equipment Manufacturer ) partners , specifically mentioning that Dell Inc. , the world 's No. 2 PC seller , agreed with the idea .
Microsoft relaxed the hardware rules for Vista Capable in early 2006 so that PCs using older graphic chipsets made by Intel could qualify for the program .
Those chipsets were unable to run the Aero interface .
Microsoft has repeatedly denied that it duped consumers , saying that " from the perspective of computer code and development , a jury could only conclude that Windows Vista Home Basic fairly belongs within the Windows Vista family " in response .
( Source : computerworld.com )
Microsoft argues that it 's allowed to decide what it calls its products , how it defines individual editions , and what price to charge .
The court will hear oral arguments from both sides in the case before deciding whether to grant a pair of motions that Microsoft made in November when it asked that the class - action lawsuit be dropped .
The lawsuit is currently scheduled for trial beginning in April .
Visit Bill 's Links and More for more great tips , just like this one !
Two of the country 's most senior military figures step forward today to back The Independent 's campaign – led by Lance Corporal Johnson Beharry VC – for the Government to dramatically improve care for traumatised troops .
And , in an extraordinary show of military solidarity , the most recent commanding officer of 22 SAS , who can not be named for security reasons , said that if the Government fails to act , it " will be judged in 10 years ' time to be a disgraceful act of negligence " .
His comments came as the former head of the army General Sir Mike Jackson and Lieutenant General Sir Freddie Viggers , who until last year was responsible for personnel , called for greater specialist care for soldiers with mental health problems .
Download the new Independent Premium app Sharing the full story , not just the headlines
A week after Lance Corporal Beharry , 29 , demonstrated once again the bravery that earned him the country 's highest honour for valour by speaking out on behalf of traumatised troops ,
The Independent is launching a campaign to get better treatment for soldiers suffering from combat stress .
The soldier , who served with the 1st Battalion , The Princess of Wales 's Royal Regiment in Iraq and was decorated with the Victoria Cross for " repeated extreme gallantry and unquestioned valour " for saving his comrades twice , came forward to admit that he was still wracked by the nightmares , mood swings and irrational rages that plague many soldiers .
His public claims that the Government was " disgracefully " failing those it sends to war has tapped into a well of emotion within the military .
Civil servants at the MoD were initially angry about L / Cpl Beharry 's outspoken comments , but high - profile commanders have lined up to support him .
Their message is simple .
If the Government continues to desert the veterans who risked their lives in combat by failing to provide adequate mental health care , the country will face a timebomb of men and women with acute social and psychological problems .
Specialist treatment needs to be available – rather than relying on an overstretched NHS staffed by civilians .
" You sit there and say I was on patrol and my best friend was shot or blown up and I had to pick up the pieces , " L / Cpl Beharry told this newspaper yesterday .
" Yes they [ civilian doctors ] may sympathise , but that 's not what we want .
They need to be properly trained to deal with people like us . "
Pointing out that the Government had vowed to provide priority treatment for soldiers and their families , General Jackson said this did not appear to be happening .
He said : " In one sense one can applaud the sentiment , but it is difficult to applaud the execution .
It is very well the Government saying this is what we want to happen , but is it actually happening ?
The classic time for PTSD [ post - traumatic stress disorder ] is a number of years later .
We are going to have a problem . "
He continued : " I recognise the difficulties of a Government strapped for cash .
The Treasury has the view that if that is what defence wants , it can find the funding [ itself ] . "
Daily coronavirus briefing
No hype , just the advice and analysis you need Enter your email address Continue Continue Please enter an email address Email address is invalid Fill out this field Email address is invalid Email already exists .
Log in to update your newsletter preferences
Register with your social account or click here to log in I would like to receive morning headlines Monday - Friday plus breaking news alerts by email Update newsletter preferences
His comments were echoed by General Viggers , who recalled one Falklands veteran who had become so sick of having to re-explain his trauma to one NHS doctor after another that he tattooed PTSD on his wrist .
" It is unrealistic to expect a primary care trust in a given region to begin to understand them unless we are going to train every GP in the country , which is impossible , " said General Viggers .
He added that troops needed a unit such as Headley Court , the military physical rehabilitation centre , to provide psychological trauma care .
" It is somewhere they feel comfortable and it keeps them in the band of brothers so they do n't have to go into a civilian waiting room with an awful lot of people who do n't understand them and someone says something that is inappropriate . "
He added : " There is good work going on , but there is no focus .
There is a need for urgency here to be prepared for what is coming .
The campaign on the home front needs to be on a front footing .
What these soldiers do is just eye - watering and we as a nation owe them . "
The SAS lieutenant colonel , who left the Army last year , revealed that until his tenure as commanding officer there had not even been any mental health provision for special forces troops , despite the acutely dangerous nature of their work .
Calling them together , he had urged them to treat trauma as they would a physical injury , offering anonymous care .
" We have to admit that irrespective of the good in the NHS , the terrific nature of doctors , it is illogical to think they can do for soldiers as well as soldiers deserve , " he said .
" We need a separate organisation with trained , experienced people . "
Admitting that he had suffered some " strains " himself , the highly decorated officer said : " There is a life time commitment .
The moment I was no longer in the Army , I was on my own , there was n't any institutional military support for me . "
Yesterday , L / Cpl Beharry revealed that he had been admonished for speaking out publicly without permission , but had received nothing but support from fellow soldiers .
" It is difficult to talk about , to say I am suffering with this problem , and I can guarantee there are people out there worse than me who could do with help , " he said .
" What we would like to see as a start is a centre , a building with trained personnel to deal with people like us .
This would be good as a start and hopefully it would grow . "
Many in the Army have called for a dedicated specialist unit , whether as a standalone hospital or as an extension to the facilities provided by the charity Combat Stress or the physical rehabilitation centre at Headley Court .
David Hill , the director of operations at Combat Stress , said : " We are looking for greater multi-agency , multi- disciplinary collaboration , NHS and local authority commissioners and with the military , in order to seize the initiative and to meet the challenges head - on , together .
The UK is seeing an explosion in military psychological trauma now ; over the next five to 10 years it will certainly increase . "
The Defence minister Kevan Jones insisted that the MoD was not complacent and said he had recently asked the Surgeon General to look at a way of tracking former service personnel in the NHS so staff know they are from the armed services .
He insisted the six pilot projects providing community mental health care for troops were proving a great success and that he wanted to develop dedicated veteran mental health advocates .
Donations to Combat Stress – or tickets for its 90th - anniversary ball on 11 June – can be obtained from robert.marsh@combatstress.org.uk , or via combatstress.org.uk /
What our soldiers need
There is nothing new in the observation that troops exposed to the horrors of warfare can , on their return from deployment , suffer from agonising psychological conditions .
In the First World War , it was termed " shell shock " , but no systematic approach was made to treat it .
Today , conditions ranging from depression to post - traumatic stress disorder are diagnosed in those who have served , but treatment still remains beyond their reach .
It is the scars that can not be seen that are the hardest to diagnose and take the longest time to heal .
Our Government is shamefully ignoring them .
Last week ,
The Independent reported the experiences of Lance - Corporal Johnson Beharry VC , who is now convinced that our Government is " not doing enough " for those who suffer .
This week , we report that concern about this unacceptable situation is not limited to the rank and file .
Generals , including the former head of the Army , Sir Mike Jackson , have come forward to reinforce L / Cpl Beharry 's comments .
They confirm that support for their men remains elusive .
In part there has been a shirking of responsibility , not by commanding officers but by the Government .
Neither the NHS nor the Ministry of Defence has taken a grip of the issue , falling as it does , between both their remits .
But bureaucratic fog cannot any longer be a sufficient excuse for inaction .
So , today we recommend three simple reforms .
First , more must be done to monitor the health of those who have served their country and left the Army .
This is not a call for more bureaucracy but for GPs to be made aware of which patients have a military record .
Second , a dedicated specialist service must be designed to deal with the most severely traumatised troops .
Family doctors are simply not equipped to give them the treatment they so urgently need .
Finally , the psychological effects of warfare can take decades to manifest .
So veterans should be given the right to , at any time , return to their regiment for advice and gain access to that treatment .
Our soldiers commit their lives to our service ; it is only fitting we offer them a lifetime commitment .
Every Saturday we ask some of our favorite writers to fill in for us .
Today , we have former Cracked .com writer Anthony Layser , who is now the deputy managing editor of Asylum.com and the recent lab rat in the cruel psychological experiment that is Las Vegas ...
When I recently contacted two old buddies who live in Los Angeles to tell them I was coming to town , we made the completely irrational decision to relive old times by spending an evening in Las Vegas .
" It 'll be like ' Swingers ' but without Favreau . "
The following is a point - by - point breakdown of how that evening became a nightmarish ordeal far more troubling than the events depicted in the Ashton Kutcher film What Happens In Vegas .
If you plan on visiting this viper 's nest sometime in the future , please take note .
Advertisement
7 Travel Fatigue Months prior to the Vegas trip , I proposed a deeply idiotic plan .
Rather than book a hotel room , my friends and I would simply fly from Burbank to Las Vegas in the evening and fly back early the next morning .
The only hitch to this badass , yet thrifty jaunt was that my five - hour flight from Philly to LA would occur prior to our flight from Burbank to Las Vegas .
That meant that with the three - hour time difference , my internal clock read approximately 1 AM when I sat down with my friends -- let 's call them " Claus " and " Heinrich " -- for dinner at a sushi restaurant in the Hard Rock casino .
The time issue never occurred to me while making my itinerary , mostly because I am bad at math .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement My Miscalculation :
As I stared into my raw fish with blurry eyes , already awake for more than 16 hours , I was beginning to feel the sensation of being that rare long - haul trucker who does n't snort crank .
There was only open road as far as the eye could see .
Claus and Heinrich looked at me and snickered .
" Dude , you 're fucked . "
Wow , ' guy sleeping in sushi ' could n't have been easy .
Good work photo research !
How I Could Have Avoided
This : I should have chosen an in - flight nap over the complimentary presentation of Babylon A.D. I definitely got the short end of that trade - off .
Like sleep , but less memorable , and with worse acting .
Continue Reading Below Advertisement
Share this article on LinkedIn Email
Richard Branson says Formula
One will need to rectify its ' faults ' before his Virgin Group gets involved - despite continued speculation that he is in talks about a takeover of Honda Racing .
The British businessman has been linked with a last - minute bid to bring Virgin into F1 with a buyout of Honda Racing - with F1 supreme Bernie Ecclestone saying the billionaire was ' keen ' to come into the sport .
However , speaking to the BBC on Saturday morning , Branson made it clear that F1 had to make big changes to its finances and environmental approach before he would seriously consider an involvement .
" I love grands prix , " said Branson , who was a guest of Force India at last year 's Italian Grand Prix .
" If Bernie Ecclestone can make it more cost - effective for the likes of the Virgin brand to come into the sport , and if he can champion clean motor - car racing - which is possible to do by making sure all the cars run on clean fuels - then at some stage we might be interested in getting involved . "
In a separate interview with BBC Radio 5 Live , Branson said : " I think there are faults that would need to be rectified before we could go into F1 . "
Although his comments suggest that he does not want to get involved for now , Branson was keeping his cards close to his chests about whether or not he was in talks with Honda .
" If we are in discussions then I would n't be allowed to say so , because there would be some kind of clause that would prohibit me talking about it , " said Branson .
Honda 's board in Japan is understood to be meeting this week to discuss the future of the F1 team , with the company having warned that disbanding the outfit remained a possibility if a suitable buyer could not be found .
The only other option to keep the team going is a management buyout by bosses Nick Fry and Ross Brawn , using money from Honda , television rights income from Ecclestone and sponsorship that would come from the signing of Bruno Senna .
The team has maintained silence about the state of negotiations for several weeks now , with a spokeswoman saying simply that they remain ' optimistic ' they will be on the grid in Australia .
Migrating to Linux in 5 Steps
1. A Fresh Copy of your Favorite Distro
There are many different ways to get a Linux distribution .
My favorite place to view the list of available distros and their features is a site called Distrowatch .
Here you will find the most popular Linux distros ranked by their hits per day .
You can explore many different distros and compare them to find one that meets your needs .
When you find one simply click on the download link in the description and on you go .
Another way you can grab a Linux distro is just to go to the distribution ’s website .
For example , if you have heard good things about Ubuntu you can go to their website , and click on the download button .
When downloading distros from the Internet they will often times be cateogrized by their Arch type .
You will see things like , i386 , x86 , power pc , and x86 - 64 .
If you have a PC i386 or x86 will work .
This is the arch type for standard Intel and AMD type processors .
If you know your processor is 64 bit you can take advantage of x86 - 64 ; however , i386 also works on 64bit processors , but not the other way around .
If you do n’t have a fast connection or can’t figure out how to burn the CD there is another option .
Ubuntu offers the ability to get a free CD sent in the mail .
2. Back up your Data
Before doing anything major , like changing operating systems , on a computer it is wise to create a backup of your data .
After seeing many blunders in the past few weeks in regards to data storage I cannot stress the importance of backup enough .
In fact , even if you are not planning on installing a new operating system I would recommend backing up your system right away if you have n’t already .
There are two ways to go about backing up data :
Backup your entire system using hard drive imaging .
This involves taking a bit by bit copy of the hard drive and storing these bits in a file on another medium , such as another hard drive , tape backup , CD / DVD , or flash disk .
The advantage of doing backups in this way is that you can restore your hard drive to the exact state it was in when you made the image .
This means you would n’t have to reinstall Windows and all of your programs you simply restore your computer exactly how it was when you created the image .
The downside to this method actually resides in its strength .
It will restore exactly how it was .
Any data added to the hard drive after the image will be written over .
This method also requires you to save files that you may ore may not need as it clones the entire partition / drive .
Clonezilla ( free ) , Norton Ghost , and Acronis Trueimage are popular choices for making hard drive images .
Backup your data by copying files .
This is probably the most common method of backup , where the user stores a copy of his / her important files onto another medium .
The downside to this method is that you will have to reinstall the operating system and any programs that were installed if there is ever system corruption .
I suggest making a hard drive image of your operating system drive and doing a regular “ file copy ” backup on your storage / data drives .
This will allow you to restore your system in the least amount of time with no data or configuration loss .
Before installing a new operating system you can limit accidental data loss by unplugging drives that you do n’t intend to install to .
After suffering from an accidental format of the wrong hard drive a number of years ago I tend to limit my risk by unplugging all hard drives that I do n’t plan on installing Linux to .
This includes storage drives and any drive that might contain an installation of another operating system .
3 . Is your hardware compatible ?
In modern Linux distributions hardware compatibility is usually not an issue ; however , it is easy to check hardware issues with a LiveCD .
Ubuntu for example will automatically detect and install all of my hardware including hardware that would otherwise require additional downloads on a Windows machine , but sometimes there is that one device that does n’t work .
Booting into a LiveCD will give you an indication right away if you are going to have a hard time with your new Linux installation .
Most Linux distros come with a LiveCD and many of their installation ’s start from a LiveCD environment .
This lets you test drive it before you decide to install .
Take advantage of this and play around with all of your hardware in the live environment before you go ahead with the install .
Why is n’t my hardware supported ?
Most hardware is supported in Linux ; however , sometimes a manufacturer does n’t create drivers for the hardware as Linux has a smaller market share than Windows and Mac OSX .
When this occurs the Linux community will attempt to reverse engineer existing drivers and make a Linux compatible set .
Results from this vary from actually working better than the original Windows ones , to not working at all .
4. Identify your essential programs
The next step is to write down the applications that you use every day .
This will help you determine what to install once you get Linux up and running .
Sometimes your favorite app will be natively available in Linux and sometimes it wo n’t be available at all .
Do n’t worry , many of the applications you use in Windows have a Linux equivalent that is equal or better that its Windows counterpart .
You can find a bunch of them by just googleing for ‘ linux equivalents to windows software ’ .
Be careful not to get stuck in thinking about software in the traditional Windows way .
In Linux certain programs like , anti-spyware and anti-virus are not necessary .
Other times you will think you need a specific Windows application only to realize later than in Linux you no longer need it or find a better way to get the same task done .
For apps that you cannot find a replacement there is always Wine or Virtualbox .
Understandably there are apps that do n’t make it to Linux that you simply can’t live without .
Wine is a compatibility layer that can sometimes get Windows apps working in Linux .
For Apps that do n’t run under
Wine you can always run in a virtual machine using free tools like VirtualBox .
For people that mostly do web development check out , Web Developing in Linux
5 . Have a fresh hard drive / partition ready to go
When your backup is finished make sure you have an entire drive or partition ready for Linux before you install .
It helps to keep Linux on it ’s own drive .
This makes installation easier for beginners and allows you to have the installation do the partitioning for you .
Having it on a separate hard drive also keeps the MBR ( master boot record ) from causing dual boot issues ( usually caused by Windows ) .
ANALYSIS / OPINION :
This is the third of three excerpts from Tony Blankley ’s new book “ American Grit : What It Will Take to Survive and Win the 21st Century ” ( Regnery , 2009 )
During wartime , there is a natural tension between civil liberties and national security .
Security must take precedence .
After the terrorist attacks of September 11 , 2001 , the Bush administration rolled back very few civil liberties .
Aside from establishing a regime for handling captured foreign terrorists , the curtailments largely consisted of common - sense enhancements in the power of intelligence agencies to monitor terrorism suspects and access their personal records .
And the administration did so , in a limited way , because it rightly deemed these restrictions in America ’s national security interests .
Bush ’s steps were modest , yet liberal journalists reacted as if he were the reincarnation of Stalin , or , more to their taste , Hitler .
Some observers reject outright the necessity of enhanced government powers .
Denying that we are currently in a time of national peril , some argue that Islamist fascism does not present an existential threat to America .
In a December 2008 draft report , a bipartisan , congressionally mandated commission found there was a better - than - even chance that terrorists would attack a major international city with weapons of mass destruction in the next few years .
The threat of some kind of nuclear device being detonated in America is greater now than it was during the Cold War , when the doctrine of mutually assured destruction ensured that no nuclear weapons were used in what we used to call the balance of terror .
Faced with this imminent threat , to insist on the continuation of all the civil liberties we enjoyed during the 1990s is to handcuff the government in its war fighting efforts , making another terror attack more likely .
My argument is simply this : a temporary reduction of personal and media freedoms is an acceptable price to pay in order to lessen the chance that Islamic fanatics will commit further atrocities against the American people .
During World War II , a federal Office of Censorship was created to review and if necessary censor any criticism of the morale of U.S. forces , or any communication that might bring aid or comfort to the enemy .
Censorship applied not only to news and commentary , but also popular entertainment .
Anti-war films were all but unheard of , since the government simply would not allow them .
At the beginning of World War II , around twenty - six news stories were censored in the American press every day ; by the end of 1942 , the Post Office had completely outlawed seventy newspapers .
Compare that restrictive environment to the laxity that prevails today , when the , absolutely unhindered by the government , prints op - ed submissions by the likes of Mahmoud al - Zahar , a founder and top official of Hamas , which is a U.S. - designated terrorist organization .
Mousa Abu Marzook , a Hamas terrorist who is listed as a specially designated terrorist by the U.S. Treasury Department .
Similarly , a website run by the and saw fit to run a piece on the meaning of jihad written by Muhammad Hussein Fadlallah , a spiritual leader of Hezbollah , another U.S. - designated terrorist organization .
It is hard to imagine the population on the home front during World War II waking up one morning , opening the paper , and finding a direct appeal to the American people from a top official from Nazi Germany ’s Propaganda Ministry , or an entreaty from an Imperial Japanese pilot suspected of participating in the attack on Pearl Harbor .
There is no reason why newspapers should remain free to publish direct appeals to the American public from members of designated terrorist organizations .
Most important , the media should not enjoy the unfettered right to publish national security , intelligence , and military secrets .
These revelations can be so damaging to national security that sanctions should be enforced not just against government officials who leak secrets , but also against the journalists and media outlets that disclose them .
Congress must clarify the law so that publishing government secrets that endanger our national security and our wartime efforts will be severely punished .
American newspapers should foster a free debate on government policies , not act as agents of enemy sabotage .
Tony Blankley is the author of “ American Grit : What It Will Take To Survive and Win in the 21st Century ” and vice president of the Edelman public - relations firm in Washington .
Sign up for Daily Newsletters Manage Newsletters
Copyright © 2020 The Washington Times , LLC .
Click here for reprint permission .
According to a new Public Policy Polling Survey President Obama would obliterate Sarah Palin in a hypothetical 2012 Presidential election by more than 400 electoral votes [ PDF ] .
The national opinion survey , which was conducted last week , indicates that Obama currently leads Palin 55 - 35 per cent .
If the match - up were to occur today , the election would be one of the biggest popular vote blowouts in American history — even overshadowing Richard Nixon ’s victory over George McGovern in 1972 .
Although any match - up is premature , several Republican opinion polls suggest that Palin is strongly favoured as the Republican nominee for 2012 , despite the movement within the party against her .
In fact , the polling survey indicates that Palin ’s unpopularity within her own party would probably do her the greatest harm .
While only three per cent of Democrats are unsure about who they would vote for in an Obama / Palin contest , eighteen per cent of Republicans are undecided .
So , on a state - by - state basis , what would the results look like ?
What states would Obama pick - up ?
Which ones would Palin lose ?
States Obama Would Most Likely Pick - Up
Missouri
Louisiana
Georgia
Montana Toss Up States
North Dakota
South Dakota
Arizona
South Carolina Palin might be popular with some Republicans , but unless she finds a way to revitalize her tattered image , she 's probably not going to be the Republican nominee .
Electoral map template comes from the New York Times .
A Utah bill that will open retailers to fines if they sell M-rated games to children ( as long as they advertise beforehand that they wo n't ) has now passed the Utah Senate .
The bill made little sense originally , was completely defanged as it passed the House , and the Utah Senate has passed it with a 25 - 3 vote .
Patricia Vance , the President of the ESRB , passed Ars an open letter to the parents and leaders of Utah that detailed the proposed legislation .
" While the intent of this legislation would be to hold retailers accountable for compliance with their stated policies — presumably in that negligible 6 percent of instances where they fail to comply — the unfortunate reality is that it would introduce a liability that will likely force many retailers to seriously consider abandoning their voluntary policies and ratings education programs , undoing years of progress made on behalf of parents and their children . "
That 's perhaps the most insane thing about this bill : if a retailer has an advertised , strong policy about selling certain games to children , it puts itself at an increased legal risk .
The original bill was amended in a number of ways , adding the ability for a retailer to dodge the fine if an offending employee goes through a training program .
If the customer misrepresented his or her age to the retailer ?
No harm , no foul .
To avoid breaking the law , all the retailer has to say is the employee has been retrained , or the buyer lied about his or her age .
As it stands , there is nothing in the bill that is enforceable .
What does it mean now that the bill has passed both the House and the Senate ?
If governor Jon M. Huntsman Jr. signs the bill into law ... nothing much .
If a game is sold to a child that someone feels should n't be , it has to be proven that the retailer has an advertised policy saying they wo n't do such a thing .
Then there has to be proof the child did n't lie about their age or show fake ID .
Then the employee gets put through training so it does n't happen again .
If all this is proven to have happened again ?
Look out !
Deceptive trade practices have taken place , and there could be fines for the retailer .
The ESA and the ESRB are likely to continue their opposition to the bill , and could challenge it in court on constitutional terms .
But the language of the bill is so limp there is really no fear of any action ever being taken on the sale of games .
Still , the possibility does exist that Utah will end up writing a big check to the ESA for legal fees if the bill is thrown out , a rather common occurrence when it comes to game legislation .
The ESA has been awarded over $ 1.7 million in attorneys ' fees for fighting bad legislation so far , including $ 182,349
in Michigan and over
$ 510,000 in Illinois .
That 's nine rulings in seven years .
In
Illinois , funds from the public health department , welfare , and
economic department of development were raided to pay the ESA 's legal fees .
Utah may be next .
President Blair : Former PM set to become EU chief as Sarkozy battles to win him the post
Tony Blair is poised to become the first President of Europe after it was confirmed that French leader Nicolas Sarkozy is determined to help him win the post .
A senior aide to President Sarkozy told a private gathering of senior British and French politicians that he is to tell fellow EU leaders that Mr Blair is the only man who can help Europe stand up to the rest of the world .
The remark by Alain Minc , a key member of Mr Sarkozy ’s inner circle , is the second French blow to Gordon Brown ’s standing in two days , coming after Mr Sarkozy said Mr Brown ’s decision to combat the recession by cutting VAT was a ‘ mistake ’ .
Helpful friend : Nicolas Sarkozy wants Tony Blair to become the first EU President
Mr Minc , a political wheeler - dealer , entrepreneur and TV show host , was attending a meeting last month of the Franco British Colloque , a high - powered discussion group of British and French politicians , civil servants and opinion - formers .
Members are under orders not to reveal the confidential discussions , but The Mail on Sunday has established that Mr Minc used the meeting to win support for Mr Sarkozy ’s campaign to ensure Mr Blair becomes the President of Europe .
The role is due to be created next year – but only if the EU ’s controversial Lisbon Treaty is ratified in the autumn by Ireland and the Czech Republic , the two EU countries which have so far refused to do so .
Mr Minc told the gathering , which was also attended by French Prime Minister Francois Fillon : ‘ When the Lisbon Treaty is ratified , Europe will move into a new phase .
Europe will need a strong leader and Nicolas Sarkozy will nominate Tony Blair for the position . ’
Mr Minc explained why Mr Sarkozy was determined to overcome opposition to Mr Blair from a handful of EU leaders , notably German chancellor Angela Merkel .
He said : ‘ We have to unite and say to Mrs Merkel that we cannot afford not to have Tony Blair , who will be a strong figurehead , is entirely respected around the world and will be a commanding leader at the helm of Europe . ’
Mr Minc has been described by one commentator as ‘ France ’s Peter Mandelson ’ .
Indeed , his AM Conseil consultancy has employed Lord Mandelson as an ‘ adviser ’ in the past and the two are members of the Policy Network think - tank .
Respected : Barack Obama watches Mr Blair speak in Washington last week
The conference took place in Versailles , days after Mr Blair visited Paris to chair a conference for Mr Sarkozy on the economic crisis , in what was seen as the latest part of a charm offensive to boost his chances of winning the EU presidency .
Mr Blair paid glowing tribute to Mr Sarkozy ’s recent performance in the rotating EU presidency , saying : ‘ Under his leadership , Europe looked as if it were acting in concert . ’
Mr Blair was referred to as Prime Minister Blair throughout – Mr Brown was not even invited .
The post of President of the EU ’s Council of Ministers will replace the current system under which the EU nations on a six - monthly basis .
Supporters say it is the only way to give the presidency rotates among EU a strong voice .
Critics claim it is another step on the road to a European superstate .
Publicly , Mr Blair says he is not campaigning for a job ‘ which does not even exist ’ .
Privately , friends say he would relish it .
Likewise , in public Mr Brown ’s advisers say he is ‘ relaxed ’ about the prospect .
Privately , they admit it is a ‘ nightmare ’ which would further diminish his status .
Overshadowed : Mr Brown 's aides say Mr Blair 's appointment would be a ‘ nightmare ’
Mr Minc was not the only person at the conference to make provocative remarks about ‘ President Blair ’ .
Work and Pensions Secretary James Purnell , tipped to succeed Mr Brown as Labour leader , is in hot water after apparently backing the idea .
Asked if Mr Blair was the right man for the job , Mr Purnell said : ‘ We need someone who is a world - respected statesman , has experience of being involved in intractable international issues like the Irish peace process , and , while being on the Centre Left , understands how the markets work and sparkles with charisma ... ’
As Mr Purnell , a close ally of Mr Blair , paused for effect , there were gasps from some in the audience who realised they were meant to think he was referring to Mr Brown ’s predecessor .
He then added : ‘... which is why I nominate Bill Clinton . ’
The joke was not lost on fellow guests , who knew that , as an American , Mr Clinton is not eligible .
A spokesman for Mr Purnell said : ‘ It was an after - dinner gag .
He did not endorse Mr Blair . ’
( CNN ) --
At least three police officers in Oakland , California , were shot and killed Saturday afternoon after a man pulled over for a routine traffic stop opened fire and then battled SWAT officers at a nearby building , police said .
Sgt. Daniel Sakai , from left , Sgt. Mark Dunakin and Sgt. Ervin Romans were killed in the shootings .
The man , a 26 - year - old Oakland resident , was later fatally shot in a shootout with a SWAT team in an apartment complex where he hid .
A fourth officer -- also shot -- remained in critical condition , police said at a late - night news conference .
California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger 's office differed from police , saying four officers had died in the shootings .
Watch fellow officers , families grieve »
Authorities discovered the alleged gunman , 26 - year - old Lovelle Mixon , had an extensive criminal history .
At the time of the shooting , he was in violation of parole for assault with a deadly weapon , police said .
The incident began about 1 p.m. in east Oakland when two motorcycle officers tried to pull over a car for a " fairly routine traffic stop , " said Dave Kozicki , the deputy police chief .
Immediately afterward , emergency call dispatchers received reports that two officers were down at the scene and needed attention .
They had been shot , Kozicki said .
Watch acting police chief describe what happened »
The first victim , Sgt. Mark Dunakin , 40 , died , police said .
He had been with the force for 18 years .
The second officer , John Hege , 41 , remained in critical condition .
Do n't Miss KGO :
Three officers killed , suspect dead
KGO : Three officers killed , suspect dead KTVU : Gunman kills Oakland officers
Soon after the first shooting , police began an intense search for the gunman .
An anonymous caller directed authorities to a building on an adjacent street where the gunman was believed to be barricaded , said acting Police Chief Howard Jordan .
Watch aerial views of shooting locations »
The gunman opened fire on SWAT officers who entered the apartment , killing two more officers before police returned fire , killing the suspect , Jordan said .
The two police officers killed were Sgt. Ervin Romans , 43 , and Sgt. Daniel Sakai , 35 .
Romans had been with the department since 1996 ; Sakai since 2000 .
A third officer , grazed by a bullet , was treated and released , said police spokesman Jeff Thomason .
" We come together in shock , in grief , in sadness and sorrow at a set of tragic incidences , " said Oakland Mayor Ron Dellums .
Schwarzenegger said flags at the state capitol will fly at half - staff to honor the fallen officers .
" This is a tragic day for law enforcement officers everywhere , " he said in a statement .
All About Oakland Police Department
1:53 AM , and Sacha 's phone was ringing loudly .
The woman on the other end of the line was trying to speak calmly , but the fear in her voice was obvious .
It was clear that this was the first big production failure she 'd had to deal with .
" Production job SYSSYNC_VMX_PROD02 failed , it says something about a failure with ...
JCL ?
Er , was it TSS ? "
Embarrassed and flustered , Leah confessed that she forgot to bring her notebook with her and could n't remember the specific error .
Sacha tried to be reassuring .
" OK , good , so it 's nothing to worry about . "
Oh god oh godohgod , he thought .
" At least it was n't SYSSYNC_VMX_PROD01 that failed ! "
What the hell is SYSSYNC_VMX_PROD02 ?
Is there even a PROD01 job ?
" We have a six hour SLA , which should give us plenty of time to fix it . "
God help us if we can't fix it in six hours .
Sacha wondered if he was failing at sounding calm as much as Leah was .
SLA Compliance
There 's failure to comply with SLA at your job , and then there 's failure to comply with SLA at a military job .
You 're probably thinking " no , the consequences are pretty dire if someone screws up at my job . "
Yeah , cry me a freaking river .
You probably have to fill out some paperwork , talk to the bosses , and get on with your life .
In the military , you slip up , and R. Lee Ermey screams at you until you 're ready to cry , then your coworkers hold you down to your bed and beat you with pillowcases full of soap .
Then you have to fill out some paperwork and talk to the bosses .
Leah was right to be worried , as was Sacha .
Despite having heard and occasionally using all kinds of arcane acronyms , Sacha did n't know what JCL , TSS , TSO , or CICS were at the time .
Fortunately , he had the on - call mainframe guru at his disposal .
After some back - and - forth , the mainframe guru reported that it was just a faulty tape mount issue .
" All you 'll have to do is change this parameter in the JCL file and re-submit the job for execution . "
And so Sacha did .
And the job hummed along nicely .
He called Leah , who was clearly relieved at the good news ; crisis averted with hours to spare !
At 3:10 , he hung up his phone , happy to return to sleep , hoping to have the dream where he 's an eskimo .
A Late - Night Workout
Three and a half hours later , Sacha was living it up in his dream igloo when Leah called back , panting heavily .
He briefly contemplated screaming " pervert ! " and hanging up , but decided against it .
" What 's up , Leah ? "
" Mainframe * pant * robot * pant * constantly * wheeze * asking * pant * tape * pant * replacement ... "
" Whoah , slow down , " Sacha said .
" Did you engage in mortal combat with the mainframe robot ? "
Leah was clearly unamused , but was still more concerned with catching her breath .
Sacha learned that since the " quick fix , " the library had exhausted its internal mount capacity .
" It asked for a tape * pant * after the JCL file change * pant * .
I went to the * pant * supply closet and grabbed one * pant * . "
" The 204 - B closet ? "
" Yes * pant * . "
As she described the situation , she was able to talk for longer stretches without as many deep breaths .
After she 'd grabbed the first tape , it did n't take long before the system asked for another tape , sending Leah back to the closet , and then back to the machine .
This process kept repeating itself , with the system launching thousands of tape requests , munching tapes like popcorn .
The poor girl had run a 30 meter dash some 400 times to keep the system fed with tapes .
400 times running 60 m ( 30 m each way ) was almost 25 km .
Leah was still breathing heavily after describing all of this ; she sounded like she was ready to collapse at any moment .
Sacha called the mainframe guru again , and the three of them worked out a different solution that thankfully meant less running for Leah .
But on the bright side , they maintained SLA compliance , and Leah did n't have to go to the gym that day .
A long , long time ago , I got to blather for an hour or something on the Twisted Nether Blogcast .
One of the many strange and disturbing topics I brought up was the sheer power that mages hold over all of the other , lesser mortals .
So , for all of you out there who are n’t up to snuff on the lore of Azeroth , here ’s a new series of posts detailing the exploits of mages past .
Some of them are dead , some of them are alive .
Some of them tried to destroy the world and everything in it , some of them tried to save the world .
Some of them lived for centuries , some of them were time travelers .
In all cases , however , anyone who called them water vendors met with a rather sudden end .
Aegwynn , second last Guardian of Tirisfal
A quick history lesson .
The Order of Tirisfal was an organization founded by both humans and high elves with the hope of creating ridiculously powerful mages to defend the world against demonic forces .
Apparently the Burning Legion has been attempting to destroy Azeroth for a very long time , and constantly fails like a Saturday morning cartoon villain .
Anyway , so the Order basically appointed an already powerful mage as a Guardian , and this Guardian was given all sorts of dandy powers and the gift of living for an extremely long time .
Aegwynn was trained ( along with four other apprentices ) by Scavell , the current Guardian .
However , Aegwynn was a she .
Sexism was a major factor , but Aegwynn managed to become the best in a girl power montage .
At the end of the movie , she became the new Guardian , and there was much applause and she got to date the hot guy she was lusting after the entire movie , roll credits , I hope you ’re happy feminists because a happy ending was impossible without the hot guy .
Ack !
Seriously , screw you Hollywood .
Where do you get your writers ?
Pizza Hut ?
Actually , that ’s a slight on the writers at Pizza Hut .
I ’ve seen some truly genius bathroom graffiti .
But I digress .
( See , I can start a paragraph without using the letter “ A ” ) .
So Aegwynn kicked some demons and stuff , and like everyone else famous , went to Northrend .
There were some demons there hunting dragons , so she showed up and turned them into ash via lots and lots of fire .
But then OH NOES Sargeras arrived somehow !
So she beat him into submission too .
And then locked him up in a big old prison thingy near the Maelstrom .
Like many people who just defeated the most powerful evil being in the history of everything , she came down with a serious case of asshattery .
She felt she no longer had to pay attention to anyone else , and basically decided to do whatever the hell she wanted .
So she kicked back , slept with pretty elf boys and went to all sorts of shady parties for the next 778 years .
Then she decided it was time to settle down , have a kid , and turn that kid into the next Guardian .
She set her sights on Nielas Aran , the most powerful Conjuror on Azeroth ( whom y’all probably know better as Shade of Aran ) .
Nielas Aran , upon hearing the news that Aegwynn had fallen in love with him , high fived himself and said “ Score ! ”
Upon discovering that Aegwynn only wanted to jump his arcane missile ( if you catch my drift ) , his reaction did not change .
In fact , there may have been several high fives .
So Aegwynn and Aran had some good times .
She moved during his Flame Wreath , if you know what I mean .
Little baby Medivh was born a little later , Aegwynn transferred a bunch of her powers into the wee thing , then ditched him with his dad and rushed off back to Quel ’ Thalas or wherever and resumed snorting Arcane Powder .
The power inside Medivh was programmed to bloom when he reached physical maturity .
However , when he reached this momentous occasion , it was just far too much for him to control properly , and it went everywhere , killing his dad and leaving him comatose .
Guys , if you ’ve ever been embarrassed about being caught “ reaching physical maturity ” , you ’ve got nothing on Medivh .
Twenty years later , Medivh awoke and promptly “ assured ” the clergy of Northshire that he was in full control of his powers .
If you catch my drift .
Aegwynn , however , suspected something was up ( nudge , nudge ) .
Imagine her surprise when Medivh ’s second act of consciousness was to travel to a swamp , make a giant portal , then summon a bajillion bloodthirsty orcs into Azeroth so they could kill stuff .
She tried to convince him to stop destroying the world , but SURPRISE TWIST it turns out he was Sargeras in disguise all along !
Sargeras , apparently unwilling to slaughter old ladies , banished her from his sight .
In an effort to “ spread ” the “ word ” of Medivh ’s “ evil ” , Aegwynn had an “ audience ” with King Llane .
Llane “ listened ” gratefully .
If you know what I mean ( Llane was an excellent listener . )
So some stuff happened .
Things died , stuff burned , and then Medivh died .
I do n’t know , a huge war was fought or something .
While alive , Medivh had stripped his mom ( wink wink ) of all of her powers , except the whole “ immune to old age ” thing .
So she moved to Kalimdor , set up a house , a wee garden for wholesome food , and probably got some cats too .
She hatched a master plan to resurrect her son , as she was unsatisfied with only one attempt to end the world .
It took her 21 years to save up the mana ( she needed more spirit gear ) , but she finally managed to rez him .
And then promptly went back to her garden and cats .
At least , until some flouncy chick named Jaina Proudmoore showed up and said the ( now classic ) porno introduction line “ seen any thunder lizards around here ? ”
Some more stuff happened , there were demons and warlocks involved , and basically Jaina nearly died .
Aegwynn , never one to miss an opportunity for innuendo , “ supplemented ” Jaina with her final resources of magic .
By all rights , this should have killed her .
Instead she did n’t !
Yay !
Anyway , she now serves as an advisor to Jaina Proudmoore in Theramoore , apparently content to tell no one that her crazy ass son is still out there .
Gmail has added another feature .
You have experienced lots of new features from Gmail .
Now you can undo for your sent emails .
It ’s called “ Undo Send , ” and as the name suggests , it lets you take back a sent email , as long as you act quickly enough .
After enable this feature it works like another undo features .
When you send an email , you get a message confirming it has been sent , along with a link to “ Undo . ”
This message lasts for 5 seconds , at which point you lose the opportunity to take it back .
Although it is for a short time after email sending like if u sent a mail and forget to attachments or some more information in certain time .
http://georgewashington2.blogspot.com/2009/03/911-commissioner-bob-kerrey-it-might.html
Some of us have been writing for years ( see this and this ) that the 9/11 Commission Report was unreliable because most of the information was based on the statements of tortured detainees .
As I wrote in March 2007 :
In fact , the 9/11 Commission Report was largely based on a third - hand account of what tortured detainees said , with two of the three parties in the communication being government employees .
I have also previously written that Senator Leahy 's desire to base a torture investigation on the 9/11 Commission was problematic .
Now , Newsweek is running an essay by Philip Shenon saying the same thing :
The commission appears to have ignored obvious clues throughout 2003 and 2004 that its account of the 9/11 plot and Al Qaeda 's history relied heavily on information obtained from detainees who had been subjected to torture , or something not far from it .
The panel raised no public protest over the CIA 's interrogation methods , even though news reports at the time suggested how brutal those methods were .
In fact , the commission demanded that the CIA carry out new rounds of interrogations in 2004 to get answers to its questions .
That has troubling implications for the credibility of the commission 's final report .
In intelligence circles , testimony obtained through torture is typically discredited ; research shows that people will say anything under threat of intense physical pain .
And yet it is a distinct possibility that Al Qaeda suspects who were the exclusive source of information for long passages of the commission 's report may have been subjected to " enhanced " interrogation techniques , or at least threatened with them , because of the 9/11 Commission ....
Information from CIA interrogations of two of the three — KSM and Abu Zubaydah — is cited throughout two key chapters of the panel 's report focusing on the planning and execution of the attacks and on the history of Al Qaeda .
Footnotes in the panel 's report indicate when information was obtained from detainees interrogated by the CIA .
An analysis by NBC News found that more than a quarter of the report 's footnotes — 441 of some 1,700 — referred to detainees who were subjected to the CIA 's " enhanced " interrogation program , including the trio who were waterboarded .
Commission members note that they repeatedly pressed the Bush White House and CIA for direct access to the detainees , but the administration refused .
So the commission forwarded questions to the CIA , whose interrogators posed them on the panel 's behalf .
The commission 's report gave no hint that harsh interrogation methods were used in gathering information , stating that the panel had " no control " over how the CIA did its job ; the authors also said they had attempted to corroborate the information " with documents and statements of others . "
But how could the commission corroborate information known only to a handful of people in a shadowy terrorist network , most of whom were either dead or still at large ?
Former senator Bob Kerrey of Nebraska , a Democrat on the commission , told me last year he had long feared that the investigation depended too heavily on the accounts of Al Qaeda detainees who were physically coerced into talking .
...
Kerrey said it might take " a permanent 9/11 commission " to end the remaining mysteries of September 11 .
Those now calling for more 9/11 - style panels would be wise to heed his words .
* Photo : Mauricio Alejo * The Pre , Palm 's ridiculously slick new mobile phone , stole the show at CES this year .
Good looks helped , but mainly it was the Pre 's iPhone - like touchscreen technology that wowed the industry crowd .
Sure , the Pre has a built - in keyboard , but all anyone wanted to do was drag their fingers along the screen and make magic happen : pop windows open , scroll through sites , fling the contact list to the bottom of the display .
The gestures were intuitive , fun , and basically copies of Apple's .
Two weeks later , Apple COO Tim Cook expressed his irritation ( without directly naming Palm ) to analysts on a conference call : " We will not stand for having our IP ripped off , and we 'll use whatever weapons we have at our disposal .
I do n't know that I can be clearer than that . "
Them there are fighting words .
Suddenly , Apple and other tech companies are preparing to slug it out over gestures that humans have been making since we developed opposable digits .
Patents and patent applications by Apple , Nokia , Hewlett - Packard , and others describe moves in language you might hear at a thumb - wrestling match : the pinch , the de-pinch , the flick , the perpendicular - moving breach ( aka the check mark ) .
Gesture - based computing is about to go mainstream , and the battle to define how we navigate the digital world has begun .
It 's going to be ugly — and potentially fatal to the movement .
Since the birth of the PC , companies sought a way to ditch the keyboard , a Moore 's - law - ignoring , design - constraining anachronism tethered to increasingly powerful machines .
But early attempts at touch were buggy and clumsy ( forcing users to , say , learn Palm 's Graffiti handwriting language or cope with input - challenged tablet PCs ) .
So we stuck with keyboards and mice , control - X'ing , control - S'ing , and double - clicking away .
Then came the Wii and the iPhone , and suddenly the gesture era was upon us .
Now that sensors are getting cheaper , touch and movement control are everywhere .
Everyone has a killer gesture .
The just - debuted Touch Pro2 mobile by HTC , for example , turns on its speaker when you flip the phone over and lay it down .
Nokia is devising ways to trip functions simply by waving your hand in front of the screen .
Although only 5 percent of phones have touchscreens today , that should increase to nearly 30 percent by 2013 , according to research firm Strategy Analytics .
In the PC market , where the search for growth is desperate , gesture - based computing is seen as a savior .
HP considers it an entrée to the third world , where many languages do n't map well to a standard keyboard .
The company 's India team recently finished a seven - city tour in which engineers , hoping to learn what to incorporate into devices , did nothing but watch how locals touch and gesture to one another .
And Microsoft is making multitouch a vital part of Windows 7 .
Its researchers learned that when people deal with devices tactilely , they tend to anthropomorphize them — and that means more time spent on Microsoft products .
" In a usability test , we noticed that folks were lingering , " says Ian LeGrow , Microsoft 's top Windows user - interface manager .
" They wanted to keep interacting with the PCs after the tests were done . "
But studies show that consumers are also just as likely to abandon a device if the gestures are n't intuitive , which has everyone in a bind .
One of the strengths of the keyboard is that it 's familiar .
People who switch from PC to Mac do n't have to relearn how to type .
With multitouch , the need for standards is even greater .
At least with keyboards , the buttons are there ; the new touch devices lack visual clues , and trying to manipulate them can feel hopeless .
" People have to get it right out of the box , " says Nokia researcher Roope Takala .
" Otherwise , they 'll give up after two or three tries . "
In the end , Palm and Apple will come to some agreement ( in court or out ) on how to share multitouch .
But the language has to be universal for it to be adopted .
Otherwise , consumers are going to give all these devices one gesture : a single raised finger .
Senior writer Daniel Roth ( daniel_roth@wired.com ) wrote about the need for transparency on Wall Street in issue 17.03 .
Start Next : 10 Best Geeky Last Words Kevin Rose : Apple to Cure Pre-Ness Envy with Cut / Paste
Phone 3.0 Wish List : Accessory - Powered Apps We Want
6 Reasons Why the Palm Pre Is Special
Video : Hands Off With the Palm Pre
Whether sequence photography is made with high - speed cameras combined together with Photoshop or whether these photos are merely joined together by one several software programs , the effect can only be described as amazing .
It 's like several split second shots joined together to produce one breathtaking moment .
I hope you enjoy this set that I 've put together of my favorite , most spectacular sequences .
Ray Demski
Lev Akhsanov
Jake Ashcraft
Cropley Images
Cropley Images
Ray Mangan
jpclover
Enlightened Fellow Ray Demski
[ digg- reddit-me ]
In which I recount the story of a minor incident that occured yesterday ( St. Patrick ’s Day ) in Midtown Manhattan , that is entirely unimportant in it ’s impact , but significant in what it reveals about being an American citizen .
For regular users of the Long Island Railroad and the New York City subway system , the message is repeated and insistent , as disembodied voices over the loudspeakers intone :
Backpacks and other large containers are subject to a random search by the police .
I was in a hurry to make my train , but I had to drop off a FedEx package first , so I dashed around the corner to deposit that .
This took me in the exact opposite direction from where I needed to go – but I moved quickly .
I crossed 42nd Street on a fast - blinking “ Stop ” hand , but made it without blocking traffic .
From there , it was a half - block to the subway station – which I got through moving into and out of the strolling mobs of tourists and the slower - paced commuters .
As I entered the subway station , I could see the turnstile and knew that I only had to make it down the three flights of stairs to make my train .
I noticed a portly , bald - headed cop twirling something – a police baton perhaps – casually strolling into and out of the rush hour crowd .
He pointed at me as I went to swipe my MetroCard : “ Random security search .
Get over to the desk , ” he said .
It ’s minor thing , I know .
But in that moment , of being casually ordered around while doing no wrong in a public place while everyone around me continued on – I felt a surge of anger at being told what to do , of frustration at being impeded while trying to make my train , of annoyance at the inconvenience , of the slight fear that comes from entering into an interaction with armed men who are regarding you with some suspicion , of resentment at being casually ordered about .
I wondered if I was doing something that made me a target – my walk , my age , the fact that I made eye contact with the police .
But I did what I was told – after a moment of slight hesitiation in which I looked around to make sure the officer meant me .
He nodded and said , “ You . ”
At the desk , there was a different officer .
He seemed apologetic .
Behind him was a third officer , hand on his weapon holster , stern - faced .
“ Put down your bag . ” I did .
Waited a beat .
The officer behind said , “ Open up the pockets , ” with an attitude suggesting I should have known better than to wait before doing this .
Another spasm of annoyance at that attitude .
“ All of them ? ” I ask .
My bag has eight pockets .
“ Just the main ones , ” the second officer said , still apologetic .
“ I know you do n’t have anything in the bag . ”
Then why are you looking ?
I thought , but at the same time , relieved that he thoughtI look and act trustworthy .
He looked at the bag – perhaps even into the pockets .
I ca n’t imagine he would have found anything with his search unless it was shining brightly .
“ Thanks , ” he said .
I hurried back off – and missed my train by about 20 seconds – it pulled out of the station as I was still descending the stairs .
That ’s it .
The encounter is truly trivial .
I missed my train – but this is but a small inconvenience .
None of the officers were abusive .
There was a slight attitude – but no one ’s perfect .
I do n’t oppose the policy of random searches , although I ’m not sure how effective it is .
But within this interaction something important occurred – something that occurs every day across the world :
The local political authorities set up a checkpoint to search innocent people in the hope of finding or deterring illegal activity .
In some nations this is routine and perhaps becomes accepted .
The bursts of anger and annoyance I felt but did not act upon become dulled or perhaps are n’t even felt by citizens of these nations .
These citizens perhaps become inured to the daily violence being done to their essential liberties .
Or perhaps they do n’t .
What exactly had happened ?
Armed men picked random people from a crowd and searched their belongings for signs of illegal activity .
In my case , through no fault of my own , I was temporarily detained and pressured to allow the authorities to search my possessions .
My personal space was violated .
My private possessions were searched .
I was pressured to consent to a search without a warrant .
For a moment , I was regarded as a person of suspicion , on the “ other ” side of the law – and my freedom was suddenly at the whim of the armed men around me .
In a primal sense , my liberty was violated .
Violence was done to the God - given , inherent rights I enjoy as a human being – which the American government was formed to protect .
Yet – I do not oppose this policy .
I am not saying what the police officers did was wrong .
If this policy of random searches prevents a single terrorist attack , it ’s probably worth it , in my opinion .
Steps were clearly taken to ensure that I was inconvenienced as little as possible .
From what I recall , I had the right to walk away from the search and not enter the subway .
But that does not change the fact that my rights were violated – perhaps with due cause and sufficient safeguards – but they were violated nevertheless , and I could feel on a gut level that they were being violated .
Now imagine all of the circumstances in which there are additional factors making a search like this more intrusive and seem more unjust – if I needed to go through it every day instead of once in a year ; if I was required to submit to it instead of having a choice ; if the officers seemed to bear me some kind of ill - will ; if I was a member of a targeted ethnic group ; if I did not accept the legitimacy of the authority conducting the search – or if I had no say over how they acted .
Imagine if the procedures were more intrusive .
Imagine what emotions Palestinians must feel having to be searched by Israeli soldiers at checkpoints ; that Iraqis must feel being searched by American troops to move about their own country .
Imagine as the anger builds up at each minor injustice , each negative attitude , each time one ’s impotence in the presence of men with guns is brought home .
One thing that is easy to forget when creating checkpoints such as this is the fact that each search is a violation of the liberty of an individual .
It may be in the interests of justice – but there is a tradeoff involved .
This is n’t about the ACLU agitating for more rights – it is about my sense of liberty moving about in a free society .
To lose that is a precious thing .
To be denied it is something that will make anyone angry .
Which is why I ’m glad I felt violated by this occurence – it lets me know that I still am alive , that I still consider myself a citizen in the basic American sense of the word .
For fun , on the same subject , here ’s a humorous take from Harold and Kumar Escape from Guantanamo :
Like Loading ...
e Guider : Mark Tinker
Director & Executive Producer , Private Practice on ABC
In 1978 , Bruce Paltrow offered Tinker the job of Producer on The White Shadow .
That pairing led to a decade - long producing relationship highlighted by the long - running medical drama St. Elsewhere .
Tinker wrote and directed episodes for both series .
In 1990 , Tinker began his first working relationship with the inestimable David Milch , producing the newspaper - themed Capital News .
Following a fifteen - year run at MTM , Tinker directed several pilots and movies - of - the - week before landing at 20th Century Fox as Executive Producer for Steven Bochco 's acclaimed divorce attorney series , Civil Wars .
He then Executive Produced L.A. Law 's last season before rejoining Milch as Executive Producer of NYPD Blue .
After " Blue " concluded its twelve - year run and before transitioning to John From Cincinnati Tinker was Executive Producer and a director of HBO 's Deadwood and helmed a pair of season finale episodes of Grey 's Anatomy .
During his 35 - year career in television , Tinker has been nominated for 16 Emmy Awards , taking home four : one for producing ( NYPD Blue , 1995 ) and three for directing ( St. Elsewhere , 1993 ; NYPD Blue , 1997 ; Brooklyn South , 1998 ) .
Mark is currently serving as a director and executive producer on ABC ’s Private Practice .
PUSCIFER - LP & Wine Bundles - Pre-order
UPDATE : ALL PUSCIFER LP / WINE BUNDLES HAVE SOLD OUT .
*******
Only a few Caduceus bundles left .
Now accepting Pre-orders for PUSCIFER LP & Wine bundles .
These bundles include an exclusive 2 disc , red / oakwood colored vinyl pressing of the new Puscifer album , Existential Reckoning and 2 bottles of Caduceus Cellars or Merkin Vineyards .
See caduceus.org for more details .
Note : this pressing is exclusive to Caduceus and only available as part of these bundles .
Very limited quantities .
- NEW RELEASES - Caduceus Cellars – New Releases – September 4 , 2020 2019 Nagual del JUDITH Orange * 2019 Nagual del MARZO Rosé * 2017 Kitsuné 2016 Primer Paso 2018 Outlier & Odd Trial Series : BMV Old Vine Cabernet Sauvignon 2018 Outlier & Odd Trial Series : BMV New Vine Cabernet Sauvignon *** (* Only available at the Jerome Tasting Room and Caduceus.org
***
Velvet Slippers Club – Tier II – FULL
*
Tier II of the Velvet Slippers Club has reached capacity .
Check back .
Waiting list coming soon .
There are a few remaining spaces in Tier I and Tier III .
*
TARZAN RETURNS * TARZAN
Red is here .
Tempranillo & Garnacha from Buhl Memorial Vineyard , Willcox , AZ .
Now available at Merkin Vineyards Tasting Room & Osteria in Cottonwood , Merkin Vineyards Old Town Scottsdale , and Merkin Vineyards 2018 Red is here .
Tempranillo & Garnacha from Buhl Memorial Vineyard , Willcox , AZ .
Now available at Merkin Vineyards Tasting Room & Osteria in Cottonwood , Merkin Vineyards Old Town Scottsdale , and www.caduceus.org .
Swing .
Planning a trip ?
* Operating Hours for Retail Locations Merkin Vineyards Tasting Room and Osteria , Cottonwood , AZ – 11a - 9 p Merkin Vineyards Old Town Scottsdale Sun -Thurs – 11a - 9 p .
Fri , Sat – 11a - 11 p Caduceus Tasting Room , Jerome , AZ – 11a - 6 p Puscifer Store , Jerome , AZ – 11a - 6 pm Four Eight Wineworks , Jerome , AZ 11a - 6 p * MASKS REQUIRED
All locations will be operating within state and local regulations .
*
We look forward to seeing you soon .
Be safe .
***
***
New Releases in the Caduceus Tasting Room – Jerome
*
Be sure to swing by the Caduceus Tasting Room in Jerome this Friday to check out these new releases .
Available online and in the Jerome Tasting Room on July 3 .
New Releases
2018 Dos Ladrones
2019 Lei Li Nebbiolo Rosé
2017 Anubis
***
PUSCIFER Queen B – Bag & Bundle
*
Now Available
Get your grip on this NEW bundle that includes a reusable , insulated Caduceus Cellars & Merkin Vineyards cooler bag , 4 cans of Puscifer Queen B , Merkin pasta , sauce , and bunch of other goodies to accompany you on your adventures .
*
*
Do n’t forget to check out the recently added items in the Merkin Market on Caduceus.org .
Check back often as many items are seasonal and re-stocked as they become available .
Cheers !
*** The Return of Shinola Orancia 2019 Merkin Vineyards Shinola ORANCIA and Shinola ROSADO are now available at Merkin Vineyards Tasting Room and Osteria ( Cottonwood ) , Merkin Vineyards Old Town Scottsdale , and at www.caduceus.org.
Cheers ! *
Summer Shipping rates to take effect on May 12 * Attn Winos :
Due to rising temperatures in AZ , we will be converting to Summer shipping rates on May 12 .
Summer shipping rates include expedited shipping and temperature controlled packaging .
Wine is perishable and these measures are required to protect your purchase .
During these warmer months , we will only ship Monday - Wednesday to avoid hot weekends in warehouses .
Take note , if temps spike , we may need to hold your shipment until it is safe to ship .
Also , orders must be placed in multiples of 2 bottles to accommodate for ice packs .
Normal shipping rates will resume in the Fall , when weather permits .
In the meantime , check the Store Locator on Caduceus.org for retailers near you .
Get your orders in by May 12 ! *
Thank you
***
***
PUSCIFER – Queen B cans Now Available for shipping .
Would you like a 4 - pack of Puscifer Queen B cans shipped directly to your door ?
Previously only available in AZ and select areas / events , you may now order Queen B Sparkling Malvasia ( “ Orange ” ) and / or Sparkling Rosé online .
4 - pks only .
Do n’t forget to check out the Puscifer cans lids in Marketplace .
( 1 can = 1/2 bottle of wine )
On your mark , get set , go … .
* ** Merkin Vineyards Old Town Scottsdale ** Location , hours , and more information can be found at www.merkinvineyards.org
Read the AZCentral article here *
Upcoming Events
Stay tuned for more events …
Introduction
Nvidia ’s GeForce 9400 launch garnered the company a lot of publicity .
After all , the chipset provided exactly what the market had been waiting for :
It ’s compatible with Intel processors ; with all due respect to AMD fans , up until Phenom II launched , these offered the best performance and lowest power consumption .
It ’s built around modern graphics circuitry that ’s as powerful as an entry - level GeForce add - in , and can decode HD video .
It does all of this with relatively low power consumption and a small footprint .
The GeForce 9400 , and its mobile version , the 9400 M , offer a lot more than Intel ’s mobile chipsets .
That ’s particularly true in the area of graphics performance , be it for entry - level desktop PCs , multi-use computers , “ home cinema ” boxes , or laptops / notebooks .
Apple , by the way , made its position clear , going so far as to totally abandon Intel ’s integrated chipsets in its MacBook line of notebooks .
But beyond standard desktops and notebooks , Nvidia is aiming at the netbook and nettop market — a lucrative one in tight economic times like these .
To go after that market , Nvidia developed its Ion platform .
Unveiled a few weeks ago , the Ion reference platform consists of a case containing a pico - ITX motherboard with an Nvidia 9400 M chipset and the de rigueur Intel Atom processor .
Does Atom + 9400 M add up to the best compromise between sufficient performance , flexibility , and lower energy consumption ?
Is the classic Intel platform really outmoded ?
To find out , we tested the very first Ion platform we could get our hands on , and compared it to the first Intel Atom board : the D945GCLF .
Photoshop can be used for many purposes , and one of the most common uses is for designing web and mobile User Interfaces ( UI ) .
Here are some UI tutorials that will teach you how to design complete sites and various site elements in Photoshop .
First we ’ll start with separate UI elements , such as price tables , drop - down menus , sliders , audio players , etc. and then we ’ll move on to designing complete sites .
For any site that sells goods or services , a pricing table is a nice addition because it allows to show users at a glance what you sell and at what price .
If you want to learn how to design a clean and modern pricing table in Photoshop , check this tutorial .
This tutorial uses Illustrator to create a price range filter .
There are only 18 steps to follow , and the tutorial itself is pretty straightforward and simple , so if you are intermediate in Illustrator , do n’t be afraid to try it .
Audio players might look very simple to create but when your are designing them for the first time , you might have a hard time doing it .
This tutorial walks you step by step through the process and at the end you will have a beautiful audio player .
This tutorial will show you how simple it is to create a simple , yet stylish slider in Photoshop .
Creating an amplifier interface might look like rocket science even to designers with some experience , but this tutorial explains it so well that it actually looks like a piece of cake .
The interface has all controls , buttons , bars , sparkles , gradients , etc. and the best part is that it starts from scratch – i.e. you wo n’t need any third - party stuff with unclear rights , you design everything that you need .
I know audio players are hardly the most commonly used UI element but since the player in this tutorial looks awesome , I included it in this list .
This tutorial uses Illustrator – you could do a similar player in Photoshop or any other design program , but with Illustrator it ’s much easier .
If you are not familiar with pixel perfect vector shape building techniques , you will have the chance to learn about them in this tutorial .
After all the UI components we have covered so far , and while we are still on the player wave , this tut will show you how to design a mobile player interface .
This is a more advanced tutorial than the others because in addition to a player bar , it comes with plenty of controls and lists , so be prepared , it might take longer than the other tutorials .
Awesome Interface for an iPad App
Designing iPad applications does require some familiarity with the look and feel of the iPad interface , so if you lack these , it might be harder for you to follow this tutorial .
Anyway , the tutorial explains very well what to do , so even if you are not an iPad interface expert , you will still be able to make it .
iOS App Website Design Tutorial
Now , this is one big tutorial ( as is the image that accompanies it ) !
Unlike the other tutorials , this is an hour long video tutorial .
If you are looking for a quick tutorial , this is n’t one – with all the rewinding back and forward , it might take you 3 to 4 or even more hours to complete but the end result – a crisp looking iOS App brochure website – is definitely worth it .
Mobile apps are all the rage this season , so if you want to design a mobile apps landing page , here is how .
This tutorial explains in detail how to create a landing page for a restaurant app but needless to say , with some modifications you can use it for any type of app .
I bet most designers might never have to design an admin dashboard interface but if you do , here is a great tutorial that teaches you step by step how to do it .
Similarly to the previous tutorial , it does n’t start from scratch but uses third party resources .
You can bypass this and use only your own stuff but this will drastically increase the time you need to design the interface .
Design a Business Web Layout
Business sites are among the most common type of sites and even though there are thousands of free templates you can use as a foundation , if you want to design a business layout from scratch , you might want to check this tutorial .
Vintage and retro designs are always in fashion .
The design in the tutorial may be called retro but in fact it looks quite modern .
Similarly to the other tutorials where complete sites are designed , this one will take you a couple of hours to complete .
In addition to familiarity with Photoshop , you will also need some Illustrator skills because some of the shapes used in the tutorial are easier to create with Illustrator than with Photoshop .
This is another pixel perfect tutorial that uses layer styles and basic vector shapes to create a clean Twitter app interface .
Since you will be designing a complete app interface , do n’t expect the tutorial to be short and fast .
This tutorial is huge – it has more than 80 steps to complete , so you ’d better devote at least half a day to it .
There are many details you need to pay attention to and the good news is that they are explained very well .
Vintage Portfolio Layout Using Photoshop
If you want to combine a vintage style with your portfolio , then this tutorial is for you .
The design is especially good if your portfolio consists of images , videos , and other kinds of graphics because the design is centered around them .
The design is clean and minimalistic and if your Photoshop skills are intermediate or better , you wo n’t have problems recreating it .
This is one more landing page tutorial .
It is n’t as minimalistic as the first one but still you would n’t call it cluttered .
I personally do n’t like the large header , but since tastes differ , I am sure many people will love this detail , or you can replace it with a smaller image – this does n’t change the essence of the tutorial .
Financial sites are considered to be serious and boring , but does n’t have to be so .
The financial site design in this tutorial is simple , stylish , and anything but boring .
To complete it , you will need not only plenty time and intermediate Photoshop skills , but also a bunch of images , icons , and gradients , so maybe it ’s best if you prepare them before you start .
Archived Tutorials
Textured Web Layout
In this tutorial you ’ll be shown how to create a textured web layout , starting from the concept on paper , leading on to the Photoshop design and you will use the 960 grid to organize the layout .
Also you will learn how to use layer styles to create an engraved text effect .
Clean Web Layout with the 960 Grid
In this tutorial , you ’ll be designing a clean website layout using the 960 Grid System .
You ’ll see how working with this system can streamline web development workflow , and how to work with a grid system .
This tutorial starts with the Photoshop stage of the blog design process , and shows how the design and layout are created to form an initial concept from which the fully coded blog will be based on .
You will learn how to create a beautiful and clean music streaming website in Photoshop
In this tutorial .
Learn how to design a modern portfolio layout , utilizing techniques such as a unique lighting - effect text effect , a cool background pattern and design attractive calls to action buttons .
Learn how to create a super professional portfolio web design through a number of techniques including lighting effects , blending options , and general design theory .
Clean and Colorful Web Layout
In this tutorial you will be shown how to create a clean corporate layout in Photoshop .
In this tutorial you will learn how to create a clean and minimalistic portfolio layout in Photoshop .
In this detailed tutorial you ’re going to learn how to create a web 2.0 layout using the 960.gs .
You will learn how to design a super - professional and very clean website for a fictional Architecture studio , attempting to reproduce the websites main objectives of the studio : elegance , simplicity , rhythm and professionalism .
Clean Portfolio Layout
In this Photoshop tutorial you will be shown how to build a layout to create a website for a web designer or a small web agency .
In this tutorial you will learn how to make a simple and clean layout for your iPhone application .
This tutorial will guide you trough the steps of a complete and beautiful layout for an iPhone App web site .
Along the way , you`ll learn how to create nice iPhone inspired effects and you`ll play a bit with some blending options and you`ll integrate some custom graphics which will beautify the layout .
You will be shown how to easilys to create a clean business layout that can be used for any CMS you like .
Finished !
Web design trends change , and they change regularly .
As such , it is very important that a designer stays on top of the game , and their UI designs reflect modern design demands .
What was design relevant a couple of years will more than likely not be relevant now .
It is the web designers responsibility to know what the current design trends are and have the necessary skills and tools to implement them in relation to the project .
These will help you stay on top of the game .
NEW YORK ( CNNMoney.com ) --
The nation 's manufacturing activity contracted in January for its 12th straight month , but the rate of decline slowed , according to a Monday report .
The Institute for Supply Management , a purchasing management group based in Tempe , Ariz. , said its manufacturing index was 35.6 in January .
" It 's encouraging to see this rebound on the month , but you do n't want to jump to conclusions , " said Robert Brusca , chief economist at Fact and Opinion Economics .
Any reading below 50 indicates a slowdown , and one below 41 is typically associated with a recession in the broader economy .
Economists were expecting 32.5 , nearly unchanged with the previous month , according to a consensus estimate of economists polled by Briefing.com .
The revised December reading was 32.9 .
In order to see an improvement in the manufacturing sector , purchasing managers said they would need to see two of the nation 's hardest hit industries show a turnaround .
" Comments from our respondents indicate that it will take a recovery in automobiles and housing for the manufacturing sector to once again prosper , " Norbert Ore , chair of the Institute for Supply Management Manufacturing Business Survey Committee , said in a statement .
Manufacturing is a key component in assessing the health of the economy as a whole .
On Friday , the government reported that gross domestic product fell in the fourth quarter by 3.8 % , the sharpest decline in 26 years .
But with consumers and businesses pulling back the reigns on spending in the recession , the manufacturing sector has suffered .
" You need credit , you need confidence and you need employment , " said Brusca .
" The holy trinity of consumption is under attack . "
The ISM report is a national survey of purchasing managers in the manufacturing sector .
The monthly survey tracks new orders , production , employment , supplier deliveries , inventories , customers ' inventories , prices , backlog of orders , new export orders , imports and buying policy .
The report 's Prices Index showed a reading of 29 in January , compared with 18 in the previous month .
The increase indicates producers are paying less to produce goods .
" On a positive note , the Prices Index continues to indicate significant deflation in the prices that manufacturers have to pay for their inputs , and this should ultimately be good for the consumer , " said Ore .
The employment part of the monthly manufacturing index held steady at 29.9 , offering a possible preview of the government jobs report due out on Friday .
" This extremely low reading suggests massive losses in manufacturing payrolls in data to be released on Friday , " Adam York , economist at Wachovia , wrote in a report .
The government is expected to report that the unemployment rate increased to 7.5 % as employers slashed 500,000 employees from their payrolls , according to a consensus estimate compiled by Briefing.com .
York said that the ISM reading on employment " would suggest a 500,000 - plus job loss is probable in Friday 's release . "
Thirty - three years after Mother Jones began as a nonprofit magazine , co-editor Monika Bauerlein jokes that " we 're so out of date , we 're hip . "
She was referring to renewed interest in the San Francisco magazine 's business model .
As major daily newspapers , like the Seattle Post - Intelligencer , cease publication and others , like The Chronicle , plan extensive layoffs to cope with dwindling revenue , many in the news publishing world are exploring the nonprofit model .
But switching from a profit to nonprofit model is n't easy - at least on the mass - market scale of many publications .
Two
Yale scholars recently estimated that it would take a $ 5 billion endowment to maintain the estimated $ 200 million annual newsroom budget for the New York Times .
Starting a nonprofit publication brings its own challenges .
While new online ventures like MinnPost.com - which covers Minnesota politics and government - have received positive reviews and industry buzz , the journalists running the $ 1.2 million operation say it is still very much an experiment .
This groping in the dark for solutions to journalism 's funding problems reached a new peak last week when Robert McChesney , a University of Illinois professor and a political blogger , suggested in the Nation that the government offer a $ 200 yearly tax break to newspaper subscribers .
" [ T ] here is a significant question about whether the nonprofit model could supplant commercial ownership , " read the annual State of the News Media 2009 report , released last week by the Pew Research Center 's Project for Excellence in Journalism .
" How many communities could muster the tens or hundreds of millions in nonprofit capital needed to buy a newspaper and similar amounts to absorb potential short - term losses and invest in improvements ? "
In Mother Jones ' case , going nonprofit was more of a philosophical choice than an economic necessity .
In the wake of the Watergate scandal , a group of investors wanted to create an investigative publication that was less constrained by market and advertiser pressures .
The ensuing three decades have n't always been easy for Mother Jones .
But the magazine is poised to weather the current recession better than many other publications - and its journalism is thriving .
Last week , it was announced as a finalist for three National Magazine Awards , including one in the general excellence category and another for online journalism .
Last year , it won in the general excellence category for its circulation category ( it has 230,000 bimonthly subscribers ) .
The magazine is getting more mainstream buzz than it has in the past .
Its Washington bureau chief , David Corn , is a regular commentator on MSNBC .
On Saturday , Rachel Maddow - the Castro Valley native and rising star of her own MSNBC show - will headline a San Francisco fundraiser that is expected to raise $ 100,000 for Mother Jones .
( The event is sold out . )
And now the magazine 's leaders are fielding calls from industry peers interested in how a nonprofit model might work .
Mother Jones met its financial goals in 2008 , but its advertising revenue is down 14 percent in 2009 compared with the same period a year ago .
But advertising is only 15 percent of Mother Jones ' total revenue stream .
Half of its funding comes from contributions , and 35 percent is from circulation .
So far , reporters have n't been laid off , other than one whose work was funded by a grant .
" In times like this ( the nonprofit model ) has made us more resilient , " said co-editor Clara Jeffery .
" Not that there are n't hits , but if you 're wholly dependent on advertising revenue right now , you 're in trouble . "
During the stewardship of Bauerlein and Jeffery over the past three years , Mother Jones has sought to remake itself journalistically .
While its print product handles the long - term investigative pieces , news is regularly broken on its recently revamped Web site .
To keep readers engaged , the Mother Jones editors talk a lot about creating a community around the publication .
Take the comments section of Mother - Jones.com .
In addition to reacting to an article , commenters also can tag their comment as a " proposed solution " ( such as writing to a member of Congress ) or as a " documented result " ( such as a bill that was introduced ) .
The goal is to give readers the tools to organize and continue to connect over an issue .
Another new feature on its
Web site is an online tip jar .
If you like a particular story , toss a few bucks in the jar .
Its effectiveness is still too new to measure , but it is being closely watched by publications considering microcharging readers for the content they produce .
Replicating the nonprofit model would be challenging on a larger scale , said MinnPost.com Editor and CEO Joel Kramer .
" It would be extremely difficult to raise enough money from donors to support a large newsroom , " said Kramer , who served as the Minneapolis Star Tribune 's publisher for several years in the mid-1990s .
MinnPost.com 's budget is $ 1.2 million - about one - twentieth of the Star Tribune 's when Kramer was there .
About 25 percent of MinnPost.com 's revenue comes from advertising , and the rest is split between foundation grants and membership fees .
Traffic to its
Web site has been increasing ( 1 million page views and 300,000 unique visitors a month ) , and the site just hired a Washington , D.C. , reporter - a former Los Angeles Times intern .
The goal is to be self - sustaining by 2012 .
But the site has its limitations .
Whereas Kramer used to preside over a staff of 375 reporters at the Star - Tribune , now he has half a dozen editors , two staff reporters and a half - dozen others who are regular freelancers on a retainer .
It 's assumed that MinnPost.com 's readers are reading a local paper , especially because there is little sports or entertainment coverage here .
" It is not meant to be comprehensive , " Kramer said .
" It 's about quality , not quantity . "
